1886.]
APPENDIX TO Titffc CONCrRESSIONAIu GUOBE..
191
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
I
tute.    It is the parliamentary phrase, and the
only one in the whole vocabulary of parliament-
ary lan;ua"e, which implies that original, wrong-
ful proceeding, which infers misconduct as well
as error, and requires rebuke as well as reversal.
Take any other phrase—go into circumlocution—
string epithets together—write an essay; and all   ,
united will not express the meaning, and come
up to the import of thissingle word.    Reverse,—
repeal,—rescind,—annul,—make void,—none of
them will do. They all ndmiteither a legal oran
innocent beginning, and fail in that flagrant con-
ception of wrong which the word expunge alone
imports.   Try them by their accepted meanings;
we reverse an attainder, repeal a law, and rescind
an order; and none of these terms imply either i
misconduct or defect of power in the Parliament
which passed the attainder, enacted the law, or |
directed the order.    A superior tribunal annuls
and makes void the judgment of the inferior; the
legal error is corrected, but judicial misconductis
not rebuked. These terms are all inadequate, and
not only inadequate, but inapplicable; for they
imply remedies which have no application to the
state of the case against President Jackson. They
all apply to future proceedings.   Theyare all in-
tended to arrest the progress of some measure
still in a course of execution.    Thus, we reverse I
an attainder, to stop the corruption of blood, and |
to prevent the forfeiture of estates; we repeal a-|
law, to prevent its further operation; we rescind
an order, to arrest its fulfillment; we annul and'
make void a judgment, to prevent execution from
being taken out upon it.    In all these cases there-
is something to be stopped or restored; but in
President Jackson's case, there is nothing, no cor-
rupted blood to be purified, or forfeited estates-
to be restored; no law in operation whose prog-
ress requires to be arrested; no order which ought
to be revoked; no judgment on which execution
of person or property can be taken out.   The
"udgment against him attacks his character, not
lis person or property.    It is a proceeding to dis-
grace his name, and to dishonor his memory; to
cover him with odium now, and execration here-
after.   It is a denunciation, a stigma, a brand!—
and if he is willing to wear it, his judges are con-
tent.   No further proceeding is meditated.   The
Senate does not mean to chastise the guilt which it
has denounced.  They propose np fine, no impris-
onraent,no corruption of blood, no forfeiture of es-
tate, no removal from office,and no disqualification
to hold office.  Their mercy stops short of all this.
By a sort of gratuitous exercise of the pardoning
power, they intermit the punishment which their
judgment implies,   They are content to let the-
culprit run, unwhipt of justice, but bearing to his-
grave the stigma they have put upon him, and de-
livering down to posterity the memory which they
have attainted. This is what the Senate proposes;
and it is absurd and nugatory, it is irrelevant,-
inapt, and supererogatory in us to apply a remed y
which implies the arrestation of what is not im-
pending.   No, sir! our true remedy lies in the-
Knife, with which we are to cut out; in the fire,-
with which we are to burn out; in the potential !
cautery, with which we are to extirpate the brand-1
which has been stamped upon the first patriot of
the age, for the most glorious action of his life.-
Expunge is the word, and expunge is the remedy.-
None of your reversals, repeals, rescisións, an- I
nullinga.or vacating ; but let our Secretary bring
the manuscript Journal to his desk; open it in
the presence of an assembled Senate and of at-
tending multitudes, and encircling tha odious sen-
tence with lines as black as its own injustice, let
him inscribe upon.it* face the indelible decree)
" EXPUNGED BY   ORDER OF  -TH8  SeKATE."     Yfi«i
sir: expunge is the word. It is the only one that
befits the occasion. It is the only one that can
render adequate justice to that man who has done
more for the human race than any other mortal
who has ever lived in the tide of times. It is
true, the word bears hard upon the Senate; it
implies great misconduct in them; it amounts to
a reproach. But let us hear nothing of that. Let
us have no posthumous appeals to the comity
and dignity of the Senate. Comity and dignity !•
Where were they during' that prolonged denun-
ciation of one hundred days, when this fell sen-
tence of condemnation, like poison in the sick
air, hung suspended over the pale face of the
country, and over the devoted head of the Presi-
dent? when history was ransacked and language
was tortured, to find examples and epithets in-
famous enough and odious enough to paint his
crimes? when every furious passion, bursting ''
from its long confinement in the bosom came rang-
ing through this Hall, crying vengeance-upon the
wicked destroyer of his country, and shame upon
every collared slave that took his part? Where '
were comity and dignity then ? Trampled under
foot in the hot pursuit after the devoted victim !
Banished from this floor, and not from this floor
only, but from those galleries, where the satellites j
of the bank assembled every day to applaud the
assailants, and to hiss the defenders of the Presi-
dent, and to triumph in the impunity which the
benevolence of the majority accorded to their in-
solence. Expunge is a severe remedy, but, it is
a just one. It reflects reproach, but the fault is
1 not ours, but of thoae who compel us to use it.
Let us go on, then, and neither compromise for
difficulties, nor despair for failures. If we fail
now, let us try again. If we continue to fail, and
have to retire before the good work is accom-
glished, let us transmit and bequeath it to the
•emocracy of America. Let us give it to the aged
sire, that he may hand it down to his heir—to
the matron, that she may deliver it to her manly
son—to the young mother, that 'she may teach
her infant babe to suck in the avenging word
expunge, with the life-sustaining milk which it
draws from her bosom.
Mr. B. said that he had chosen to make out hia
case upon reason and argument, with as little
reference as possible to precedent and authority.
I am (said he) in favor of the arguments which
convince the understanding, in contradistinction
to the authorities and precedents which subdue
the will. I wish always to receive reasons my-,
self, and therefore feel bound to render them.
Addressing an enlightened Senate, and an intelli-
gent community, I look to their understandings,
and feel safe when I speak to their judgment. I
have, therefore, postponed to the last an authority
drawn from our own history—an authority drawn
from the history of the American Senate—cover-
ing the whole ground of the present case, and
going far beyond what I now propose to do. It
is a precedent of thirty years'standing, occurring
in the good days of Mr. Jefferson, when the
Democracy were in the ascendant in both Houses,
of Congress, and when the fathers of the Repub-
lic—the framers of the Constitution—were in full
life and full power to protect their work, and to
see that nothing was done to impair the Consti-
tution which they had established.,
Mr, B. then read:
" SencUe Journal, Monday, Jlpril 31, 1806.
"On motion that everything in the Journal relative to the
memorials of S. 6. Ogden and William S. Smith be ex-
punged therefrom, it passed in the affirmative. Yeas—
Messrs. Adair, Condit, Gilman, Kitchel, Logan, Mitchell,
Smith of Maryland, Smith'of New York, Stone, Thraston,
Worthington, and Wright—13. Nays—Messrs. Adams,
Baldwin, Hillhouse, Pickering, Plumer, Smith of Ohio,
Tracy, and White—8."
Mr. PORTER, of Louisiana, rose to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri at what time it was
that this order for expunging had been made in
the Senate, and especially whether it was at the
same session ?
Mr. BENTON replied that he was too veil
practiced in these contests to suffer his fire to be
drawn until he was ready to deliver it.. He would
answer the Senator from Louisiana', but not nntit
he had arrived at the point at which the answer
and the reasons for showing the immateriality
of time in this case could be given together. In
the mean time he would caution the gentleman
against taking a position upon so «mall a point—-*
upon a distinction without a difference; and to
warn him, if he did, that he might find himself
suddenly blown up.                    '                     >
This (said Mr. B.) is an entry which'we find
upon our printed Journal; and searching the same
Journal-over to see what these memorials were,
and what had been the proceedings of the Senate
upon them, and wherefore they were ordered to
be expunged, nothing  no, not anything, no trace
of these proceedings could, anywhere' be found.
Recourse was thenJUá to the manuscript Journal
of that year; and, searching it carefully over, not
a speck of the expunged proceedings could be
found, nor even the place at which the expurga-
tion had been made. [And here Mr. B. exhibited
the manuscript Journal to verify his statement.]
Unwilling to be foiled in the search, with the aid
of a clerk, one of his friends had ascended to the
garret rooms of the Capitol; and there, at the top
of the building, they had got to the bottom of
this affair, and found the original minutes of the
session of 1806, drew them out from their thirty
years' sleep, and reconducted them into the Sen-
ate Chamber. [Here Mr. B. exhibited a large
unbound volume of manuscript sheets bearing
strong marks of age. They were the minutes
of 1806, from which the fair copy of the bound
Journal had been made.] On these original min-
utes everything appeared—the presentation of
the memorials—the statement of their contents—
the Senate's leave to withdraw them—and,finally,
the order to expunge everything. Mr. B. then
read the following extracts from these minutes:
"Mr. Adams communicated two memorials, one from
Samuel G. Ogden, and the other from William S. Smith,
stating that they are under a criminal prosecution for certain
proceedings, into which they were led by the circumstance
that their purpose was fully known to, and approved by,
the Executive Government of the United States ; that on
this prosecution they have been treated by the judge of the
district court of the United States at New York, Mathias
B. Talmadge, Esq., ¡a such a manner that the same grand
jury which found the bills against them made a present-
ment against the judge himself, for his conduct in taking
the examination and deposition of the said Samuel G.
Ogden. And the memorialists, considering Congress as the
only power competent to relieve them, submit their case to
the wisdom of Congress, and pray such relief as the laws
and Constitution of this country, and the wisdom and good-
ness of Congress may afford them; and the memorials were
read, and,
" On motion,
" Ordered, That the memorialists have leave to withdraw
their memorials respectively."
Mr. B. said, that these entries showed apart of
what was wanted, but not the whole; they were
deficient in showing the reasons upon which the
Senate acted in ordering the expurgation, al-
though these reasons might be well guessed at
from the statement of the contents of the peti-
tion. Other searches were then, instituted into,
the newspapers of the day, and the Journal of
the House of Representatives. He was told, for
he hail hot looked himself, that the copy of the
National'Intelligencer in tne Library.of Congress
was either silent on the point, or minus a page
at that part; but the Journal of the House sup-
plied the defect, and showed that the same me-
morials were presented in that body, on the same
day, and. that they had been ordered to be re-
turned to the petitioners for reasons set forth in,
a resolve of the House. These proceedings of
the House he would then read;
Journal of Howie of RtpreitidtiHms—Monday, April 21,'
1898.
" Mr. QrancT presented to the Hasps tw* several memo-
rials of Samuel a, Ogdqo and-of William S. Suri th, of the city
of New York, which were received and read, respectively
stating that they are under a criminal prosecution, now de-
pending in the Circuit Court of the United States for the
district of New Ydrk,for«n alleged offense against thelaw 
of the United States, in which, if guUtyytuey have, been led.
into error by the conduct of officers of the Executive Gov-
ernment, who now intend to bring upon the memorialists
the penalties of the laws, and ¡to sacrifice their characters,
fortunes, and liberty, in expiation of their own errors, or to
deprecate the vengeance of foreign Governments by offering/
the memorialists as a victim to their resentment: that they
have'also experienced great oppression and injustice itf the
manner of conducting Xhé átW pfc e*M¡én: and praymi?
such relief niertiin a*tbefmMdom oí Congres  may tmnfc
proper to grant.".                              i  .
" The House then proceeded to consider the said memo-,
rials: whereupon, op motion of Mr. Eakxí, and seconded,
that the House do come to the following resolution :
« Resetted, That the charcos contained in the memorials
of Samuel G. Ogden and William S. Smith are, In the opin-
ion of this House, unsupported by any evidence which, in the
least degree, criminates the Executive Government of this
country: that the said memorials appear to have been pre-
sented at* time, and under circumstances, insidioosly calcu-
lated to excite unjust suspicion in the minds of the good peo-
ple of this nation, against the existing admmiausuiener the
General Government, and that it would be highly improper
in this House to take any step which might influence or
prejudice o cause now depending in a legal tribunal of the
United States: Therefore,
" Retained, That said memorials be. by the Clerk of this
House, returned to those from whom they came."
Having read these entries from the Journal,
(Mr. B. said,) the Senate would doubtless wish
