1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
die a thousand deaths!—but because, in ordering
Roman citizens to be strangled, the Consul had
assumed the exercise of a power not granted to
him by the constitution and the laws of Rome.
What was the cause of that immortal contest in
Athens—that contest for the crown, not of roy-
alty, but of honor and patriotism? Not that
Demosthenes did not deserve to wear it, but that
Ctesiphon had transcended the law in causing it
to be conferred upon him. These were excusable
or venial violations of law; yet their commission
agitated the great republics of antiquity, and their
memory, at the end of two thousand years, and in
a new hemisphere, is fresh in the recollection of
«very reader. But why1 emote examples? Why
go to foreign countries ? Why quit our own soil
—this Chamber—and this very case, to prove that
the violation of law is the commission of a great
crime? Did not every gentleman, in arguing this
very case, treat it as a crime of the greatest enorm-
ity ? Did they not denounce the President's con-
duct, not merely as* a violation of the laws and the
Constitution, but an actual overthrow of all Gov-
ernment ?—as the establishment of one man 'a will
in place of all law and government ? as being in
itself a revolution ? as an act pregnant with everj
calamity, filling the country with distress and
alarm, ruining the currency, sinking the price of
Eroperty, paralyzing industry, stopping factories,
mkrupting merchants and traders, destroying
all confidence between man and man, and striking
the whole eouatry down from a state of unpar-
alleled prosperity to a state of unparalleled mis-
ery ? Did not every speaker against the President
assert all this, and infinitely more and worse ?
And did not one hundred and twenty thousand
petitioners back their assertions, reiterate their
denunciation,-send it here for our information,
and call upon us to undo what the President had
done, as the only means of saving the country
from utter ruin?   And were not these,petitions
received with all honor, and their content  made
every speaker's own by the manner in which he
adopted and commented upon them ?   Certainly
all these  things were so;  and during the -six
months that they were going on, the act of Pres-
ident Jackson, in removing the deposits, was ex-
pressly treated as a crime of the direst import,
and of the most calamitous consequences.   Hav-
ing personally witnessed all these things, and too
well remembering them, it is incomprehensible
to rae, and my mind will remain incredulous to
the apparition until I shall behold it, that any
one of the supporters of the proceedings against
President Jackson, will now take a position in
the rear of President Jackson's innocency, and
rest the success of their defense now, upon the
overthrow of their attack then.    I say upon his
innocency 1 for every denial of the criminality of
his conduct is an allegation of his innocence; and
every attempt to sink the charge against him
below the degree of a high crime, is an admission
of the injustice of those who then denounced and
condemned him; for nothing can excuse them for
the course they then pursued, and for the alarm
and agitation in which they involved the country
but the reality of their belief in the high crimes
which they then imputed to the President.   Here,
then, lies a dilemma-.   To justify themselves for
their conduct then, gentlemen must now stick to
the charge as then made  and maintain the Pres-
ident to have been guilty of a high crime.   To
defend themselves from the censuré of having
violated the Constitution, subverted justice, ana
setadreadfnl example^it is necessary for them
to maintain that he committed no crime-at'all;
not even the petty offense and venial misCdnduct
which will constitute a misdemeanor in office* In
this dilemma, it is not for ma- to anticipate what
course gentlemen will tafee* whether they wilt
retrace uieir steps, or advance further.   It is not
for me to decide whether it is a «ase in which the
actors, far steeped in blood, may think it,safer to
go through than to turn bade;.but solely.occu-
pied with my own course, I proceed to-establish
my position, that the President was adjudged
guilty of an impeachable offense; and that the
Senate was unjustifiable for proceeding 'against
him without the forms of an impeachment.
The sentence against the President is for viola-
ting the laws and the Constitution. I have said
that this offense was great in,*, private citizen, '
still greater in a common magistrate, and greatest
of all in the Chief Magistrate of the country. Our
own Chief Magistrate is laid under the most
sacred and solemn responsibilities to God and his
country to abstain from this crime. He takes
an oath to do so; and here is the copy of that
oath which President Jackson actually took, ad-
ministered by the late Chief Justice Marshall in
the presence of assembled thousands, and on the
steps of that Capitol, and at the base of that col-
umn at which he came so near to pay the dread-
ful forfeit of a supposed violation of bis oath:
"I do solemnly swear that I mil faithfully execute the
office of President of the United States, and wilt, to the best
of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution
of the United Slates."
Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution.
Such is-the oath! . The sentence is, that he vio-
lated that Constitution, and by consequence, that
he violated that oath.. Here, then, is the aggra-
vated charge of perjury upon his conscience,
treachery to his trust, mischief to the people, and
destruction to that which' he was, bound to pre-
serve, protect, and defend. Can such things be,
i and not imply crime? that high.crime, for which
no( only impeachment lies under our Constitu-
' tion, but indictment and punishment also at com-
, mon law? Surely the point is too plain forargu-
' ment; and I must be permitted to repeat, that I
[ cannot figure to my imagination anything so
strange and won'.erful as that gentlemen who
pushed the condemnation of President Jackson
with such fury in 1834, should now deprive them-
selves of all justification for what they then did
by special pleading upon the verbality of the ac-
cusation which they themselves-drew up, and,
pointing to the careful omission of imputed bad
motive, declare that his intentions were not im-
pugned !, and defend themselves from the cpnse-
quences of pronouncing him criminal then by inr
trenching themselves behind his innocency now !
Far from it. The justification of gentlemen for
what they did to agitate1 the country rests upon
the conscientiousness of their belief that the Pres-
ident was in reality the lawless and dangerous
criminal which they described him to be; and the
moment they give up that-rthe moment they ad-
mit that innocency of motive, withou t which «rime
cannot exist—¿hat moment they condemn them-
selves, and admit that they were factious agita-
tors, unjust judges, and relentless persecutors of
an innocent man. Instead of this, they and I
should now act together, both maintaining that a
high crime was charged upon the President; bat
as I have not conferred with gentlemen, and do not
know upon which horn of this dilemma they pre-
fer to hang themselves, I must proceed in my own
way, and make out my case upon its own strength,
.without reference to their weakness.
The great) position which I take is, that an
impeachable offense has been charged upon the
President, and that he has been adjudged guilty
of that offense, without, the forms of an inpeach-
ment, and without the benefits of a trial.
Suppose gentlemen undertake to arrest.me at
the threshold and say, we did not impugn his
motives; we did not attribute bad intentions; we
merely charged the fact..                   ■.•■,-
-¡ To this I answer i   ,       <   ,.                        '
' 1  If there was no. allegation, there was bo
denial of bad motive; and the charge of the crime
implies the, wicked intent. n
, \.3, That the speeches of gentlemen supplied
what the,form,of their charge omittedi<ao« that
the/ imputation; withheld' front the • record, was
proclaimedifrom. the mouth* and iacoeporated in l*
every speech.. ,; v ,,, ,,.,„, j ,.,.
1 3. That the crimno avermertfr'ííUngWMUí*
the. liberties of thetpeopU," was inserted i  the first,
and retained in the second form, of the charge, and
only, dropped from the thi ! and last forra After
hearing been repeatedly- poi*i«d «wti and f*Uy
relied-on as showing;, tie1 criminal and impeaeh-
able character of the accusation.           . j
4,  Th#t*no. legislative use was made of, the con-
demnatory repol v*. after it,was passed, and that
so such use could then, or «an now,'be made of
it; because i in its nature, it is a criminal accusa-
tion, and present  a case, not for legislation, but
for punishment.
5. That gentlemen in the opposition drew the
charge themselves,and altered it themselves; and
may have had a reason, not yet explained, for
omitting those imputations of criminality in the
record which were so profusely and conspicu-
ously used in their speeches.
6.  That even a regular and formal impeach-
ment requires no allegation of corrupt motive.
7.  That the offense being stated in the article
of impeachment, the conviction will be valid; and
the only sentence known under our Constitution
will be pronounced without reference to the quo
animo.
8.  That this is not a case of regular impeach-
ment, but of irregular condemnation without im-
peachment, and a charge on which the House of
Representatives might frame an impeachment in
form, and send it to us for trial. It is precisely
the preliminary resolution, the general charge,
without specification and technical averments,
which is the incipient step and opening process
to the-preferment of an impeachment in form.
It is the initiative to impeachment. So say the
books. Listen to Jefferson in his Manual of Par-
liamentary Practice, drawn up by him for our
especial guidance, and printed by ourselves for
our convenient and constant reference. He says:
" Tktgeneral coarse it to pais a retolution contain-
ing a criminal charge against the supposed delin-
quent, and then to direct some member to impeach
him by oral accusation at the bar of the Home of
Lords." This is the way to begin an impeach-
ment in the House of Representatives, and this
is the precise manner in which we began it in
the Senate. We passed the resolution as the
book directs, and we passed it with the criminal
charge in it. We began the impeachment regu-
larly; but we began it in the wrong place, and
our proceedings ended where those of the House
of Representatives begin; we ended with the
adoption of a general resolution containing a
criminal charge against the supposed delinquent.
These brief answers I hold to be sufficient, Mr.
President, to set aside any defense which could
be bottomed on the omission, accidental or de-
signed, of formal averments of bad motives in the
Sentence pronounced against the President. They
show that; the impeachable nature of the charge
is not affected by that omission. On the contrary,
the very circumstance of the omission may aggra-
vate the conduct of the Senate by showing an
extension of the non-committal policy to the high
and sacred functions of Senators and judges, and
exhibiting a subtile contrivance for condemning
the victiiri without committing the judges. They
show that this is not a case for common-law aver-
ments—not a «ase for setting out with legal ver-
bosity that the aforesaid Andrew Jackson, yeo-
man, not having the fear of God before his eyes,
but being moved and seduced by the instigation
of the devil, he first dismissed Mr. Duane from
•the Treasury; and after that appointed Mr. Taney
to the Treasury; and after thathe took upon him-
self the responsibility pf removing the deposits;
and finally he performed a certain late proceeding
in relation to the public revenue. AII this, though
eminently picturesque, and even quite dramatic
in a commón-law indictment, happens to haveno
place in an impeachment; and I mwhtsafely rest
my case where it now stands; but I choose to go
further, to rise higher  and to place my cause
upon'loftier and nobler ground. I take the true
position, that the impeachment of a magistrate
differs front the indictment of a citiaen; and that
«magistrate may he impeached under our Con-
stitution, tried*1 convicted, and subjected to every
penalty/'known to an ■> impeachment, not only
without the «negation-«f bad motives, but with-
out theYsBfr df such intentions, or even the pos-
sibility of possessing intentions of any kind,either
good or- bad. And, first, I show what the judg-
ment on impeachment is, and for that purpose
refer to article one, section three, of the Consti-
tution:               '
• " Judgment in «W  of inmeachment shall not extend fur-
ther thanto removatfroM offict, and diSfuaUScsMonto hold
and enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Uni-
ted States i but the party convicted shad nevertheless be liable
Is indictment) trial, judgment, and punishment according to
Upon this provision in the Constitution, I have
to remark that impeachment lies against nobody
but an officer, and, in its judgment, is official and
not personal., It affects the officer, not the man.
The object of [the judgment is preventive, not
