196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
pena! justice. It is not punishment for past of-
fenses, but prevention of future misconduct, that
is intended. Removal from office, and disqualifi-
cation to hold office, is the ultimate penalty which
can be inflicted under it. If the offense for which
the impeachment was made should amount to a
crime at common law, or by statute, then a crim-
inal trial might ensue, and the punishment pro-
vided by law for that offense might be inflicted.
The difference between indictment and impeach-
ment lies in the difference between preventive and
penal justice. The impeachment is to prevent
the officer from doing further mischief; the indict-
ment is to punish the man for the mischief he has
done. A man can only be punished for crime,
and wicked intention is necessary to constitute
crime; but the officer may be deprived of his office
for acts not amounting to crime for want of the
corrupt intention; for these acts may be detri-
mental to the community, and the welfare of the
community may require that these acts should
cease, whether they proceed from a wicked heart,
or a weak head, or even a mistaken principle of
action. Hence, impeachment lies for the act,
without regard to the criminal intention; and in-
dictment lies for the crime of which criminal in-
tention is the essence and the touchstone. From
this fair analysis of the impeachment process and
judgment, in contradistinction to indictment, re-
sults the inference that criminality of intention is
no way essential to the validity of impeachments
under the Constitution. So distinct is the trial
by impeachment from that upon indictment for
the same offense, that one cannot be plead in bar
of the other under the clause of the Constitution
which protects the citizen from two prosecutions
for the same offense.
In England, on the contrary, the sentence on
conviction under impeachment, extends to legal
and actual punishment; to punishment in person
and in property; for the party may be both fined
and imprisoned. On indictments both in Eng-
land and our America, as everybody knows, the
direct object of the prosecution is punishment—
punishment in life, limb, person, or property;
and preventive justice isonly an incident. When-
ever, then, punishment would follow conviction,
whether on indictment or impeachment; when-
ever the life or limb of the party was to be touched; ;
whenever his body might be cast into prison, or
his property taken by fine or forfeiture; in every
such case the quo animo, the state of mind, the ¡
criminal intent, was of the essence of the offense, j
and must be duly averred and fully proved, or J
clearly inferable from the nature of the act done;
but in the case of impeachment under the Con- (
stitution of the United States, where the sentence
could extend no further than merely to prevent
the party from using his power to do further mis-
chief, leaving him subject to a future indictment;
then the intent of the party, whether good or
bad, innocent or wicked, became wholly imma-
terial, not necessary to be alleged, nor requiring
to be proved or inferred, if the allegation should
chance to be made. Every averment relative to
the intention would be surplusage; for the mis-
chief to the public was the same, whether a pub-
lic functionary should violate the law from weak-
ness or wickedness, from folly or from design.
Mr. B. said that the cases of the Judges Chase
and Pickering were evidences of the truth of his
argument; for in one of these there could be no
corruptor wicked intention; for the party was
insane, and therefore incapable, both in law and
in fact, of being either corrupt or wicked; and
in the other, of which the mere naked violation
of law was charged, without the slightest refer-
ence to the intentions or quo animo of the party.
Mr. B. then went into a detailed statement of the
impeachment of these two judges to sustain the
view be had been taking, and to apply historical
facts and judicial decisions to the legal doctrines
which he had laid down. Judge Pickering, a
district judge of the United States for the State
of New Hampshire, was impeached for acts of
flagrant illegality, and which, in truth, implied
great wickedness; the articles of impeachment
charged wicked and corrupt intentions; yet it
was proved that he was incapable in law and in
fact of wickedness or corruption; for he was ut-
terly insane, both at the time of committing the
acts, and at the time he was tried for them; and
could not, and did not, appear before the Senate
to make any defense. His unfortunate condition
was both proved and admitted; and the Senate
was moved by counsel to stop the proceedings
against him, and to remit or postpone the trial;
but the Senate took the clear distinction between
a proceeding which could only go to removal
from office, and a disqualification for holding
office, and a prosecution which might involve a
criminal punishment; and they proceeded with
the trial, heard the evidence, found the illegal acts
to have been committed, and pronounced the sen-
tence which the good of the community required,
and which the unfortunate judge was a proper
subject to receive—that of removal from office.
They did not add a sentence of disqualification
for holding future offices; for he might recover
his understanding, and again become a useful
citizen. The Senate limited itself to a sentence
which the good of the community demanded, and
which was applicable to misfortune, and not to
criminality, wnich was suited to the acts of the
judge, without regard to the absence of inten-
tions.
The cpp  of Judge Chase was a case of a dif-
ferent kind to prove the same point. It was a
case of various articles; some with, some without
the averment of criminal intentions. Judge Chase
was impeached upon eight articles; five of them
charged corrupt and wicked intentions; three
charged no intentions at all, being wholly silent
on the question of motives, and merely alleging
the commission of the acts and- the violation of
the law. The three articles thus silent on the
question of motives were distinct and substantive
charges in themselves; not variations of the same
charge in other articles'; but containing new and
distinct charges, and therefore to stand or fall
upon their own merits, without being helped out
by a reference to the same charges in another
form, in another part of the proceedings. They
wero the articles first, fourth, and fifth. Mr. B.
would state them particularly; for if the least
doubt remained on the mind of any one, after
seeing the case of Judge Pickering, the tenor of
these three articles in the impeachment of Judge
Chase would entirely remove and dispel that
doubt. The first of these articles, which is num-
ber one in the impeachment, relates to the trial
of Fries, at Philadelphia, and charges the judge
with three specific instances of misconduct in con-
ducting that trial; and concluded them with the
allegation " that they were dangerous to our liber-
ties," and " in violation of law and justice;" but
without the slightest reference to the quo animo
of the judge, or the state of mind in which the
acts were done. The article is wholly silent with
respect to his intentions. The fourth article con-
tains four specifications of misconduct, all charged
to have occurred on the trial of Callender, in
Richmond, Virginia, and alleged them to be " sub-
versive of jvstice," and " disgraceful to the character
of a judge;" but they were wholly silent as to the
intentions of the judge, and left the quo animo
with which he did the acts entirely out of the
record. The fifth article charged a specific and
single violation of law, in ordering the arrest of
Callender upon a capias, instead of directing hit 
to be called in upon a summons, but without im-
puting any motive or intention whatever, good
or bad, to the judge, for preferring the capias to
the summons. The only averment is, " that Cal-
lender was arrested and committed to close custody
contrary to law, in that case made and provided."
Such were the three articles which charged vio-
lations of law upon Judge Chase without imput-
ing criminal intentions or corrupt motives to him;
and upon which the judge was as fully tried, and
made as ample a defense both upon the law and
the facts, as he did upon the five other articles
which contained the ordinary averments of wicked
and corrupt intentions. Neither the learned judge
himself, nor any one of his numerous and eminent
counsel, made the least distinction between the
articles which charged, and the articles which did
not charge, corrupt intentions. They went to
trial upon the whole alike, put in no demurrers,
made no motions to quash, reserved no points,
but defended the whole upon the law and the
facts of each separate charge. This, sir, should
exterminate doubt and silence cavil. It should
put an end to all idea of getting out of the dilemma
in which the Senate is placed by intrenehin  them-
selves now behind the innocency of President
Jackson's intentions.
Thus far, Mr. President, I have argued this
point upon principles of law and reason, sup-
ported by precedents drawn from our own his-
; tory, and 1 trust have fully established my first
proposition, namely, that the offense charged
upon President Jackson was an impeachable of-
fense, and that as a high crime, though it would
be sufficient for my argument, that it charged con-
duct amounting to misdemeanor only; and, con-
sequently, that the conduct of the Senate, in
proceeding against him without the forms of an
impeachment, was illegal, irregular, and unconsti-
tutional, and subversive of the fundamental prin-
ciples of law and justice. But although my case
may be made out, and my proposition established,
yet my magazine of argument is not exhausted,
and I still have in reserve a most potential argu-
ment to be used in this case. It is the argument
of authority, and is drawn from the legislative
history of one of the States of this Union—the
State of Kentucky; and a brief introductory nar-
rative may be necessary to develop its origin,
and to elucidate its application.
It is a matter of history, Mr. President, that
some forty years ago, a judge of the court of ap-
peals in Kentucky, had the misfortune to be a
pensioner on the Spanish Crown, and held a secret
correspondence with the Governors General of
Louisiana for the separation of the western from
the Atlantic States. A legislative inquiry estab-
¡ lished these facts, and the unhappy judge avoided
■ the stroke of justice by retiring from the judg-
ment seat. The same inquiry implicated another
| judge in Kentucky, not of the State courts, but
I of the Federal judiciary; and at a succeeding ses-
sion of the General Assembly, a member of that
body, Humphrey Marshall, Esq., introduced a
resolution condemning the conduct of that Federal
judge, and recommending an inquiry to be insti-
tuted into it by the House of Representatives of
the Congress of the United States. This proceed-
ing was resisted by distinguished members of the
Kentucky Legislature; and anotherresolution was
brought m utterly reprobating the motion of Mr.
Marshall, and severely condemning the attempt
to procure from a legislative body the expression
of an opinion upon the guilt or innocence of an
officer who was subject to impeachment before
the Senate of the United States. After several
days' discussion, says the historian, the follow-
ing resolutions were offered by Mr. Clay:
" Whereas, the General Assembly did, at their last ses-
sion, order transcripts of the evidence taken' before the
committee appointed to examine into the conduct of Ben-
jamin Sebastian, to be transmitted to the President of the
United States, and to the Senators and Representatives
from the State in Congress; and as the present Assembly
has entire confidence in the General Administration, and
in the Congress of the United States, among whose duties
is that of arraigning the public officer or private citizen
who may have violated th<" Constitution or the laws of the
Union; and whereas, the legitimate objects which call for
the attention of the Legislature are themselves sufficiently
important to require the exercise of all their wisdom and
time, without engaging in pursuit of others, thereby con-
suming the public treasure, and the time of the represent-
atives of the people, in investigating subjects not strictly
within the sphere of their duty; and inasmuch as the ex-
pression of an opinion by the General Assembly upon the
guilt or innocence of Harry Innis, Esq., in relation to cer-
tain charges made against him would be a prejudication of
his case—if in one way, would fix an indelible stigma upon
the character of the judge, without the forms of trial or
judicial proceeding; and if in the other, might embarrass
and prevent a free and full investigation into those charges:
Wherefore,
" Resolved by the Qtnttal JbtemUf, That it is improper
in them to prescribe to Congress any coarse to be taken by
that body in relation to the said charges, or to indicate any
opinion upon their truth or falsehood.
" Resolved, That the Constitution and raws of the land,"
securing to each, citizen, whether in or out of office, a fair
and impartial trial, whether by impeachment or at common
law, the example of a legislative, body, before the com-
mencement of any prosecution, expressing an opinion upon
the gtiilt or innocence of an implicated individual, would
tend to subvert the fundamental principles of justice."
Mr. President, I seize with confidence, and
appropriate without abatement to the present oc-
casion, every word that is contained in this reso-
lution, with the remark, that the severe reproba-
tion which it expresses is many ten thousand
times more applicable to the Senate of the United
States for its conduct towards President Jackson,
than to the Kentucky Legislature for its pro-
posed conduct towards Judge Innis. In that case
