183é.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
gi 
Bail
ire. In cases of imprisonment the patty is not
.ailable, nor can he be released upon habeas
corpus; so that here is a condemnation of the
President, by virtue of which the Senate could
make the President their prisoner, and keep him
in confinement without the right to legal release.
In England there is but one instance of the House
of Commons having declared the King to have
violated the privileges of Parliament, and that
declaration was followed by civil war, and the
eventual death of the King. It was the case of
Charles the First going in person to demand the
arrest of the five members, Hampden, Pym,
Holies, Strowd, and Haslerig. The House of
Commons voted the demand to be a violation of
their privileges, and that the violation of privilege
was the overthrow of Parliament. Here are the
words of the resolve: That the violating Ac priri-
leges of Parliament is the overthrow of Parliament,
and acted accordingly, tor the civil war immedi-
ately began, and ended, as everybody knows, in
the death of the King. After voting that Presi-
dent Jacksdn had violated their privileges, why
not follow up the vote to do 'something in vindi-
cation of those privileges ? Why not follow out
the judgment? If true, it ought to be enforced:
if not true, it ought not to have been pronounced.
Was it sufficient that the Virginia elections were
impending, and that effect there would satisfy jus-
tice here ? This was twice in the same session that
the President was pronounced guilty of criminal
offenses, and twice permitted to go unpunished
by the gratuitous clemency of hie judges. ' Yes,
sir, gratuitous clemency! pardon, without peti-
tion for mercy; for the man who does not " stain
the honor of his country by making an apology
for speaking truth in the performance of duty''
does not compromise the dignity of his species
by impetrating pardons from judges who con-
demn without hearing, and reject, as insult, a
protestation of innocence!
Mr. B. took tip his seventh and last proposi-
tion, and read it.    It was in these words r
"And whereas the aaid resolve was introduced, debated,
and adopted at a time, and under circumstances which hud
the effect of cooperating witb the Bank of the United States
in the parricidal auempt which that institution was then
making to produce a panic and pressure in the country—to
destroy the confidence of the people in President Jackson
—to paralyze bis administration—to govern the elections—
to bankrupt the State banks—ruin their currency—fill the
whole Union with terror and distress—and thereby to ex-
tort from the sufferings and alarms of the people the resto-
ration of the deposits and the renewal of its charter."
In support of this proposition, (said Mr. B.,)
I propose to read, before I produce the direct
proofs, the prediction which Mr. Jefferson made
thirty years ago, and in which he described to the
life, and foretold to the letter, the exact conduct
of which the present Bank of the United States
has just been guilty:
" This institution is one of the moat deadly hostility ex-
isting against the principle  and the form of oar Constitu-
tion. The nation is, at this time, so strong and united in
its sentiments, that it cannot be shaken at this moment;
but suppose a senes of untoward events to occur, sufficient
to bring into doubt the competency of a republican Govern-
ment to meet a crisis of great danger, or to unbinge the con-
fidence of the people in the public functionaries; an insti-
tution like this, penetrating by its branches every part of
the Union, acting by command and in phalanx, may, in a
critical moment, upset the Government. I deem no Gov-
. eminent safe which is under the vassalage of self-consti-
tuted authorities, or any other authority than that of the
nation, or its regular functionaries. What an obstruction
could not this Bank of the United States, with all its
branches, be in time of war! It might dictate to us the
peace we should accept, or withdraw its aids. Ought we
then to give further growth to an institution so powerful, so
hostile ? That it is' so hostile we know; first, from a knowl-
edge of the principles of the persons composing the body of
directors in every bank, principal or branch, and those of
roost of the stockholders; secondly, from their opposition
to the measures and principles of the Government, and to
the election ol those friendly to them; thirdly, fromthesen-
timents of the newspapers they support. Now, while We
are strong, it is me greatest duty we owe to the safety of
our Constitution to bring this powerful enemy to a perfect
subordination under its authorities; and the first measure
would be to reduce them to an equal footing only with other
banks as to the favors of the Government."
Such was the prediction! The fulfillment took
place in the winter of 1833-34, and we all beheld
it. That the Bank of the United States plotted
and machinated the panic and pressure then pro-
duced is a fact that nobody doubts at present,
and few deny. It was a plot against the Govern-
ment, and against the property of the country.
If proof was necessary to establish the faet, it
could be had in a thousand ways, a few of which
I will now briefly enumerate.
1.    There was no necessity for the pressure.
This is proved by the fact that the bank had made
two curtailments before the pressure, and had cur*
tailed upwards of three millions more than she
had lost by the removal of the deposits. The
amount of deposits on the 1st of October was
#9,868,435, of which $3,066,561 remained unre-
moved at the commencement of the pressure, and
until it was over.   The whole removal then was
S6,798,874. To meet and cover this loss, the
ank had curtailed, by orders sent out in August,
as soon as it knew the removal was to be made,
the sum of #4,066,000; and in October the further
sum of #5,825,000, making #9,868,436, and being
the full amount of all the deposits, and #22,500
over; so that to repair a loss of about six millions
and three quarters, the bank had already called
in about nine millions and three quarters. So
well did the bank know that it liad no excuse for
making a further curtailment on account of the
removal of the deposits, that it did not dare to
state that falsehood to its own branches, which
knew the truth, but placed the third curtailment,
which was ordered in January, and produced the
pressure, wholly upon different grounds, namely,
" upon the new measures of hostility understood
' to be in contemplation." But what placea this
point beyond the power of guilt itself to deny, is
that the whole amount collected from the people
during the pressure, and about one hundred thou-
sand dollars over, amounting in the whole to about
three millions five hundred thousand dollars, was
remitted to Europe to lie idle in the hands of
-agents there, until long after the pressure was
over.                                             ■ •
2.  The parricidal nature of the bank attacks
-apon the business^the prosperity, the confidence,
and the commerce of the country, was proved by
-the universality of its operations, and the system
of its efforts in' all part  of the country at the
same time. From Passamaquoddy Bay to Atta-
kapas Creek, from' the Dismal Swamp in Vir-
ginia to Boonslick in Missouri, everywhere, that
the bank had power to excite: and disturb-the
country, the scene was the same. Shops and
factories shut; wages reduced; workmen and day
laborers dismissed; loans refused to business
men, and granted to brokers; the exchanges
doubled at some points, and stopped at others;
public meetings held; the President denounced
for all the mischief which the bank itself was
perpetrating; committees sent on to petition Con-
gress; itinerantorators addressing the people in the
streets and on tavern steps, even on Sundays, to
excite and exasperate the people; the most alarm-
ing reports constantly put in circulation; the
whole crowned by the great distress jubilee in
the cow-yard at Powelton, in the purlieus' of
Philadelphia; by the insulting-repulse of the se-
lect committee of the House of Representatives;
and by the fraternal reception of the four mem-
bers of the Finance Committee of the Senate.
3.  The attacks upon the credit and currency
of the State banks, the predictions of their insol-
vency,-and the efforts to make them so, were
clear proof of the designs of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States to bankrupt these institutions, and to
produce a scene of general insolvency through-
out the Union. This attack was general against
the whole six hundred banks in the country, but
hottest, heaviest, and longest continued against
the banks, and especially the safety-fund banks,
of New York. The heaviest artillery of the Uni-
ted States Bank press was directed against them,
and at the same time the Bank of the United
States was lauded, in its own publications, as the
only cheek to the corruption and political pre-
dominance of the safety-fund system, and the
Albany regency which founded and directed it.
The Quarterly Review, a periodical published
under the eyes of the bank, and devoted to its
interests, had publicly opened the batteries upon
these points, and carefully indicated every sepa-
rate point to the subaltern assailants. Here are
extracts from that journal which attest thi  asser-
tion, and show the true origin of all the assaults
upon the name, character, institutions, and citi-
Eens of New York which pervaded the Union,
and particularly displayed themselves in this
Chamber during live whole panic session:
From the ¡larch number for 1831.
" Let us, for example, suppose that a system of banking
was adopted for a State, by which, under the color of guard-
ing the public against their insolvency, those institutions
were subjected to a surveillance and control, which were
calculated to make them feel their dependence on the State
governments, and, when this plan was matured, to make
them obsequious to its will. Would not every friend of the
political purity of the State, and the independent spirit of
its citizens, wish to see a scheme of this character frus-
trated? And what means so conducive as the Bank of the
United States !>>
From the March number for 1832.
" Besides these contrivances to consolidate the banking
system of that State into one great machine, a further con-
centration of power is obtained and vested in a few indi-
viduals around the seat of Government,* by means of that
portion of the public revenue appropriated to the redemp-
tion of the canal loans. This institution is in the hands of a
few leading men of the prevailing party in that State;f and
in the incorporating of the new banks, for several years
past, efforts have been made to provide in the distribution
of stock for such as fraternize with them in political senti-
ment in the places where the new banks are located, so as,
in general to give to them a control over them. The conse-
quence has been, that an undue share of banking influence
has been concentrated in the hands of the dominant party,
and they now stand ready to control the banking system of
the State, or in case the United States Bank be not rechar-
tered, to take upon themselves the transaction of the ex-
change business."
Mr. B. referred to the secret orders sent to the
branches in January, 1834, for the third curtail-
ment, for corroboration of what he had said.
They all set out with a mysterious annunciation
of danger, without telling what it was; but in two
of those orders, the one to the branch at Charles-
ton, and the other at New Orleans, this danger
was distinctly shown to be political, and to have
reference to the overthrow of the Administration,
and that the pressure ordered at those points was
to cease the instant the catastrophe was effected.
Here is an extract from these two orders:
" The state of things here is very gloomy, and unless Con-
gress takes some decided step to prevent the progress of the
trouiles, they may soon outgrow our control. Thus cir-
cumstanced, our first duty is to the institution, to preserve
it from danjjer; and we are therefore anxious, for a short
.time at least, to keep our business within manageable lim-
its, and* to make some sacrifice of profit to entire security.
II it a moment of great interest, and exposed to sudden
thongs  in srublie affairs, which may induce the bank to ton-
form it* policy to them. Of these dangers, should any oc-
cur, you will nave early advice." [Letter of Mr. Bkldle to
Mr. Montgomery, President of the New Orleans branch,
dated January 24th, 1834.]
The next is to Mi. Johnson, President of the
branch at Charleston, South Carolina, dated the
30th January.   The passage is this:
" On the defeat of that alterhpts to destroy the lank ie-
Íends, in our judgment, not merely the pecuniary interests,
id the whole free institutions of our count™; and our de-
termination is, by even a temporary sacrifice Of profit, to
place the bank entirely beyond the reach of those who med-
itate its destruction."
Mr. B. said that these letters were as plain as
such communications could be expected to be, in
letting these confidential and distant branches,
for none others received the same intimations,
know that the bank was at war with the Govern-
ment; that great changes in public affairs were
suddenly expected; that the bank was contend-
ing for the free institutions of the country, and
meant to incur temporary sacrifices of property
to incur them; and that as soon as the changes
took place; that is to say,as soon as the Admin-
istration was overthrown, these distant branches
should be informed of it, and the bank would
conform its policy to the change; that is to say,
would stop the pressure, and pour out its money
in loans and accommodations, in support of the
Íiarty that overthrew the tyrant. This is the
iteral and fair interpretation of the letters; and if
¡Anybody wishes for more evidence to convince
f them of the wantonness and wickedness of the
curtailment at New Orleans, where it was so
heavy, and where so much mischief was done to
merchants and traders, and to the produce of the
upper country, it can be found in the fact, that
the bank shipped off to Europe, immediately,
the whole amount it curtailed, to lie in Europe
undrawn for, until long   after the panic was
over.                                                                 , .
That the design of this bank was to unhinge
the confidence of the people in their public func-
tionaries, and  to upset the Government,  was
11 proved not only by the ferocity of the warfare
U carried-on against the President, and the House
|i-------------------,—,----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
I ¡    * The Albany Eegency.        t The aforesaid regency.
