1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
24th Conc.Ist Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mi: Benton.
Senate.
injustice of its report to the President, to Mr.
Taney, and to the country, and its manifold mis-
takes and errors of law and of fact, to the preju-
dice of the country and to the advantage of the
bank.
The condemnation of the President, combining
as it did all that illegality and injustice could in-
flict, had the further misfortune to be cooperative
in its effect with the conspiracy of the Bank of
the United States to effect the most wicked and
universal scheme of mischief which the annals of
modern times exhibit. It was a plot against the
Government, and against the property of the
country. The Government was to be upset and
property revolutionized. Six hundred banks were
to be broken, the general currency rained, myr-
iads bankrupted, all business stoppeS, all prop-
erty sunk in value, all confidence destroyed!
that, out of this wide-spread ruin and pervading
distress, the vengeful institution might glut its
avarice and ambition, trample upon the President,
take possession of the Government, reclaim its
lost deposits, and perpetuate its charter. These
crimes, revolting and frightful in themselves, were
to be accomplished by the perpetration of a whole
system of subordinate and subsidiary crime ! the
people to be deceived and excited; the President
to be calumniated; the effects of the bank's own
conduct to be charged upon him; meetings got
ud; business suspended; distress deputations or-
ganized; and the Senate Chamber converted into
a theater for the dramatic exhibition of all this
fictitious woe. That it was the deep and sad
misfortune of the Senate, so to act as to be co-
operative in all this scene of mischief, is too fully
Froved by the facts known to admit of denial,
speak of acts, not of motives. The effect of
the Senate's conduct in trying the President, and
uttering alarm speeches, was to cooperate with
the bank, and that secondarily, and as a subord-
inate performer; for it is incontestable that the
bank began the whole affair-, the little book of
fifty pages proves that. The bank began it; the
bank followed it up; the bank attends to it now.
- It is a case which might well be entered on our
-Journal, a  a State is entered against a criminal
in the docket of a court:   The Bank of the
- United States versus President Jackson: on
impeachment for removing the deposits. The entry
would be justified by the facts, for these are
the indubitable facts. The bank started the
accusation; the Senate took it up. The bank fur-
nished arguments; the Senate used them. The
bank excited meetings; the Senate extolled them.
The bank sent deputations; Senators received
them with honor. The deputations reported
answers for the President which be never gave;
the Senate repeated and enforced these answers.
Hand in hand, throughout the whole process, the
bank and die Senate acted together, and suc-
ceeded in getting up the most serious and afflict-
ing panic ever known in this country. The whole
country was agitated. Cities, towns, and vil-
lages, the entire country, and the whole earth,
seemed to be in commotion against one man. A
revolution was proclaimed! the overthrow of all
law was announced! the substitution of one man's
will for the voice of the whole Government was
daily asserted! the pubbc sense was astounded
and bewildered with dire and portentous annun-
ciations! In the midst of all this machinery of
alarm and distress many good citizens lost their
reckoning; sensible heads went wrong; stout
hearts quailed; old friends"gave way-, temporizing
counsels came in, and the solitary defender of his
country was urged to yield! Oh,how much de-
pended upon that one man at that dread and awful
point of time! If he had given way, then all was
gone! An insolent, rapacious, and revengeful
institution would have been installed in sovereign
power. The Federal and State Governments, the
Congress, the Presidency, the State Legislatures,
all would have fallen under the dominion of the
bank; and all departments of the Government
would have been filled and administered by the
debtors, pensioners, and attorneys of that insti-
tution. He did not yield, and the country was
saved. The heroic patriotism of one man pre-
vented all this calamity, and saved the Repub-
lic from becoming the appendage and fief of a
moneyed corporation. And what has been his
reward?   So far as the people are concerned—
¡ honor, gratitude, blessings, everlasting benedic-
tions; so far as the Senate is concerned—dis-
honor, denunciation, stigma, infamy. And shall
these two verdicts stand"? Shall our Journal bear
the verdict of infamy, while the hearts of the peo-
ple glow and palpitate with the verdict of honor?
President Jackson has done moreforthe human
race than the whole tribe of hack politicians put
together, and shall he remain stigmatized and
condemned for the most glorious action of his
life? The bare attempt to stigmatize Mr. Jeffer-
son was not merely expunged, but cut out from
the Journal; so that no trace of it remains upon
the Senate records. The designs are the same
in both cases; but the aggravations are inexpress-
ibly greater in the case of President Jackson.
Referring to the Journals'of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the character of the attempt against
President Jefferson, and the reasons for repulsing
it, and it is seen that the attempt was to crimi-
nate Mr. Jefferson, and to charge rim upon
the Journals with a violation of the laws;
and that this attempt was made at a time,
and under circumstances insidiously calcu-
lated to excite unjust suspicion in the minds
of the people against the chief magistrate.
Such was precisely the character of the charge;
and the effect of the charge against President
Jackson, with the difference only that the pro-
ceeding against President Jackson was many ten
thousand times more revolting and aggravated-,
commencing as it did in the bank, carried on by
a violent political party, prosecuted to sentence
.and condemnation, and calculated, if believed, to
destroy the President, to change the Administra-
tion, and to put an end to- popular.representative
Government. Yes, sir, to put an end to elective
and representative Government! For what are
all the attacks upon President Jackson's Admin-
istration but attacks, upon the 'people who elect
and reelect him, who approve bis Administra-
tion, and by approving', make it their own? To
condemn such a President, thus supported, is to
-condemn the people, to condemn the elective ,
principle, to condemn the fundamental principle !
of our Government, and to. establish the favorite i
dogma of the monarchists, that the people are
incapable of self-government, and will surrender ;
themselves as collared slaves into the hands ofj
military chieftains.
Great are the services which President Jackson
has rendered his country. As a general he has
extended her frontiers, saved a city, and carried
her renown to the highest pitch of- glory. His
civil administration has rivaled and transcended
his warlike exploits. Indemnities procured from
the great Powers of Europe for spoliations com-
mitted on our citizens under former Administra-
tions, and which by former Administrations were
reclaimed in vain; peace and friendship with the
whole world, and, what is mare, the respect of
the whole world; the character of our America
exalted in Europe—so exalted, that the American
citizen treading the continent of Europe, and con-
templating the sudden and great elevation of the
national character, might feel as if he himself was
| a hundred feet high. Such is the picture abroad !
At home we behold a brilliant and grateful scene:
the public debt paid—taxes reduced—the gold
currency restored—t-thé southern States released
from a useless and dangerous population—all dis-
turbing questions settled—a gigantic moneyed in-
stitution repulsed in its march to the conquest of
the Government—the highest prosperity attained;
and the hero patriot now crowning the list of his
glorious services by covering his country with
tbe panoply of defense, and consummating his
measures for the restoration and'preservation of
the currency of the Constitution. We have had
brilliant and prosperous Administrations; but
that of President Jackson eclipses, surpasses,
and casts into the shade all that have preceded it.
And is he to be branded, stigmatized, condemned,
unjustly and untruly condemned, and the records
of the Senate to bear the evidence of this outrage
to the latest posterity? Shall this President, so
glorious in peace and in war, so successful at
home and abroad—whose administration, now
hailed with applause and gratitude by the people,
and destined to shine for unnumbered ages in the
political firmament of our history — snail this
President, whose name is. to live forever, whose
retirement from life and services will be through
the gate that leads to the temple of everlasting
fame—shall he go down to posterity with this
condemnation upon him, and that for the most
glorious action of his life ?
Mr. President, I have some knowledge of his-
tory, and some acquaintance with the dangers
which nations have encountered, and from which
heroes and statesmen have saved them. I have
read much of ancient and modern history, and
nowhere have I found a parallel to the services
rendered by President Jackson in crushing the
conspiracy of the bank, but in the labors of the
Roman Consul in crushing the conspiracy of Cat-
iline. The two conspiracies were identical in their
objects; both directed against the Government and
the property of the country. Cicero extinguished
the Catilinean conspiracy, and saved Rome; —
President Jackson defeated the conspiracy of the
bank, and 8aved our America. Their heroic service
was the same, and their fates have been strangely
alike. Cicero was condemned for violating the
laws and the constitution; so has been President
Jackson. The Consul was refused a hearing in
his own defense; so has been President Jackson.
The life of Cicero Was attempted by two assas-
sins; twice was the murderous pistol leveled at
our President. All Italy, the whole Roman world,
tore the sentence of the Consul's condemnation
from the fasti of the Republic; a million of Ameri-
cans, fathers and heads of families, now demand
the expurgation of the sentence against the Presi-
dent in the Capitol. Cicero, followed by all that
Was virtuous in Rome, repaired to the temple of the
tutelary gods, and swore upon the altar that he
had saved his country; President Jackson, in the
temple of the living God, might take the same
oath, and find its response in the heartsof millions.
Nor shall the parallel stop here; but after times
and remoteposterities shall render the same honors
.to each. Two thousand years have passed, and
the great actions of the Consul are fresh and green
in history. The school-boy learns them; the
patriot studies them; the statesman applies them;
so shall it be! with our patriot President. Two
thousand years hence—ten thousand—nay, while
time itself shall last—for who can contemplate the
time when the memory of this Republic shall be
lost?—while time itself shall last, the name and
fame of Jackson shall remain and flourish; and
this last great act by which he saved the Govern-
ment from subversion, and property from revolu-
tion, shall stand forth as the seal and crown of his
heroic services. And if anything that I myself
may do or say, shall survive the brief hour in
which I live, it will be the part which I have
taken, nnd the efforts which 1 have made to-sus-
tain and defend the great defender of his country.
Mr. President, I have now finished the view
which an imperious sense of duty has required
me to take or this subject. I trust that I have
proceeded upon proofs and facts, and have left
nothing unsustaihed which I feel it to be my duty
to advance. It is not my design to repeat or to
recapitulate; but there is one further and vital
consideration which demands the notice of a re-
mark, and which I should be faithless to the
genius of our Government if I should pretermit.
It is known, sir, that ambition for office is the
bane of free States, and the contentions of rivals
the destruction of their country. These conten-
tions lead to every, species of injustice, and to
every variety of violence, and' all cloaked with
the pretext Of th« public good.' Civil Wars and
banishment at Rome; eivil wars and the ostra-
cism at Athens; bills of attainder, Star Chamber
prosecutions, and impeachments in England; all
to get rid of some envied or hated rival, and all
pretexted with the public good; such has been
the history of free States for two thousand years.
The wise men who framed our Constitution were
well aware of all this danger and all this mis-
chief, and took effectual care, as they thought,
to guard against it. Banishment, the ostracism,
the Star Chamber prosecutions, bills of attainder,
all those summary and violent modes of hunting
down a rival which deprive a victim of defense
by depriving him of the intervention of an accus-
ing body to stand between the accuser and the
trying body; all these are proscribed by the genius
of our Constitution. Impeachments alone are
permitted; and these would most usually occur
