1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.1
205
24t& Cows.... 1st Sess.
Abolition in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hoar.
Ho. oí Reps.
the Confederacy had whollyosolisftedjlewr  within
its limits. Several others had passed laws by
which the same end has since that time been grad-
ually attained. Each of these States adopted
such means as, to its own Legislature, seemed
advisable. No special power was granted to any
one of the State Legislatures by the people, nor
was such power ever asked. The language used
in the State constitutions, or charters, neither
was, nor could be, more clear or explicit in con-
ferring the power under which they acted, than
that above quoted from the Constitution of the
United States.
It is said that the constitutions of the present
slaveholding States give no power to their respect-
ive Legislatures to abolish slavery in those States,
and that new power must be given to enable those
Legislatures to accomplish that purpose.
Conceding that the gentlemen who have made
this remark are better qualified to give a trae con-
struction of the constitutions of their respective
States than I am, and that these constitutions,
in fact give to the Legislatures of those States no
such power, I still contend that the fact (if it be
such) has but little effect on the present question.
It is perfectly undeniable that the southern mem-
bers of the United States Convention, who framed
the Constitution, knew as well when that instru-
ment was formed, as any one now knows, what
the views and what the practice in the northern
States of the Confederacy were on this subject.
They then knew that, in the northern part of the
country, it was clearly and fully believed; and,
indeed, was doubted by no one, that language no
more plain and explicit than the clause Row under
consideration did confer""the power on the several
Legislatures to abolish slavery,'without any other
eonsent of the owners of the slave's than that
which they gave as members of the community,
when thef formed their respective constitutions,
or when* they entered into1 their respective socie-
ties. Hayin  this knowledge of the view* and
the practice of the northern Slates, the southern
members at that time did not disagree with the
northern in opinion on this subject; or if they in
fact entertained a different opinion, they gave no
notice of this difference, which as far as the present
question is affected, would be the same thing.
It probably Will not be denied by any one that
iheresultof this inquiry will be the same, whether
it is supposed that the same opinion was enter-
tained by the members from the North and the
South on the construction then given to the State
constitutions at the North, or that there was a
difference of opinion on this point at that -time;
and the difference was concealed, or not expressly
notified by the southern members of the Con-
federacy .,
Suppose, for the sake of stating clearly the ar-
gument,' (what no person would seriously impute
to the sages who represented the southern portion
of the country in the Convention, on account of
its disingenuoutness,) that having* assembled'for
conference apart from their northern associate*,
they should have held this* language: ** It is Un-
derstood at the North that the power to abolish
slavery is vested in their State Legislatures, and
given them by language no move comprehensive
or strong than that by which this Constitution
gives the power intended to be confemé on Con-
gress over the future «eat of Government. At
the South this is understood differently. We
believe that the people Of the respective States
must give the power of abolishing slavery in so
many words, or by other and more precise lan-
guage; or we believe that the liberation of the
slaves would be a violation of the great rule, that
private property cannot be taken for public use
without compensation. It-is not necessary for
us to state our opinion on this subject "to them.
It is not necessary for us to state to (be people of
the North that we.think their idea#of jtrtticeand
propriety on this subject too fflueh resemble the
principles and the practice of the British Govern-
ment, which we unitedlycondemn. When they
shall attempt to act in the Government of the
district to be ceded, on the same principles on
which they now act in their respective State gov-
ernments, we may then urge our objections to
their principles and their measures."
This is as favorable a statement of the case as
the history of the transactions in question will
warrant. On this statement, conaideringthe North
and the South as two parties to the constitutional
compact, the South are bound to adopt the North-
I ern exposition by every system of law which men
1 hold sacred, whether moral, honorary, municipal,
or international.
It is believed that no part of this statement of
facts is questionable. The views of the northern
States on the subject of slavery, and the power
to control it by the State Legislature, were as well
known at the South then as now, as well known
as that there were northern States in existence.
If the difference of opinion on this subject then
existed, as no limitation to this comprehensive
language was introduced into the Constitution,
certainly the limitation cannot now be introduced
by implication. But it is not easy to perceive any
good reason for believing that such a difference
of opinion did then exist. The idea of this im-
plied limitation of .power comes nearly half a cen-
tury too late.                          . • •                  .
Art objection to the existence of the power in
Congress to legislate on this subject hats been men-
tioned by several gentlemen in the course of this
debate in this House, founded on the construc-
tion of the constitutions of the States of Virginia
and Maryland.
It is thus stated by a gentleman .from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pickchi.} That -gentleman- ob-
serves: " I take higher ground, and contend that,
'according to the bill of rights of Maryland, and
« the constitution of Virginia, these States them-
' selves could not have ceded absolute and unre-
♦ strainedpower over private property of any kind
' in this District." " If Virginia and Maryland
' had attempted Co beds absolute power over this
' subject, they would have violated the rights of
< their own citizens."
A gentleman [Mr. Lei«h] Whose high intel-
lectual and moral worth tends strongly to give a
currency to his opinions, even on questions of
doubt anil difficulty, in an argument published in
the newspapers, observes: " The argument for
the power «Congress I understand to be this:
that the 'grant to Congress of the power of exclu-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever over the
District vests in Congress all powers which the
Legislatures of Virginia and Maryland may
rightly'exercise within their respective jurisdic-
tions.' Undoubtedly, sir, Virginia and Maryland
neither die cede, nor could ceda, absolute power,
nor any power, over persons of any description,
nor private property of any description, in this
District. If they could do this, the absurdity
stated by the gentleman from South Carolina
would, fellow. A State government might cut up
its territory, and sell that and its citizens to any
Government, savage or*civilized, on earth. This
proposition rests on a principle no less clear arid
certain than; that government is a trust not trans-
ferable—an agency without powerorsubstitulion.
Precisely so .far as either of these States should
attempt to -convey any power of legislation of any
kind to the General Government, so far would
that State government attempt to alienate its trust
or agency v So, sir, with great deference, I con-
tend that the power which Virginia and Mary-
land might have exercised over -this District is
not the measure of the power which Congress
may exercise here. All that Virginia and Mary-
land could do, arid all they professed to do, as to
power over the District, was to relinquish each
its own power. Most manifest it is that no State
in the Union, could transfer any portion of its
-power to the United Stales, or to any other Gov-
ernment. Unless it be true that a releasor of
property, after a release, made without condition
or reservation m the instrument of release, still
retains dominion over the property released, no
more reference is to be made to the constitutions
or laws or usages.of Virginia or Maryland, than
.to the constitutions'; laws, and usages of any other
State in the Union. All the power Which Con-
gress possesses is derived through the Constitu-
tion of the United States from the people of the
United States, equally, and no more than equally,
with the rest, from the people of Virginia and
Maryland. It is a contradiction to say that Con-
gress shall exercise exclusive legislation, and yet
that the laws or constitutions of either of those
States limit that power of legislation, or are m
any way binding on Congress.   The above cited
provision of the Constitution of the United State ,
it is contended, is the "only source," if not "the
only measure," of the power of Congress.
The act of cession of Virginia contains this
proviso:
" Provided, That aotaing herein contained shall be con-
strued to vest in the United States any right of property in
the soil, or to affect the rights of individuals therein."
The author of the argument above cited [Mr.
LeigB] contends that the word " therein" refers
to both members of the sentence, and that the
sense is the same as if it had been written "any
right of property in the soil therein, or to affect
the rights of individuals therein."
If this be the true construction, the citizens of
Alexandria have still the right to be represented
in the Legislature of Virginia, and have still all
the rights which' they ever enjoyed as citizens of
that State. If nothing in the act of cession affects
the rights of any individual in the ceded terri-
tory, those rights remain wholly unchanged by
the act, and Congress for many years has been
exercising an unwarranted power in every act of
legislation over this District.
The resolutions under consideration deny all
power in Congress to interfere with slavery in
this District.
It has been said, " If we are deprived of the
free Use of our property, we are, in effect, de-
prived of our property.
The South claims to hold its slaves as prop-
erty, with all the incidents and rights pertaining
to other property. Be it so: what is the power
of Congress over the trade of the country in all
sections of the Union ? Not a bale of broadcloth,
not a hogshead of sugar, not a cask of wine, no
article of necessity nor of luxury, can be intro-
duced into the country, bnt by observance of
the rules prescribed by Congress. An excise is
imposed and collected on the sale of such articles
of domestic growth, and at such times and places
aa Congress chooses to prescribe. Acts of Con-
gress have long since been passed to facilitate the
sale and transfer of slaves within this District;
and yet it is contended that Congress has not the
constitutional power to prohibit the making this
ten miles square the factory of slave dealers from
the southern and western sections of the Union.
Heretofore Congress has legislated on the subject
Of the transportation of slaves from one State to
another, prohibiting, with much particularity, cer-
tain proceedings with them,considered injurious
to the community. [Act 1807, chapter 77, (or
67,) sections 8, 9, 10, act of 1820.]
Mr. Speaker, the northern States are required
to interpose, by legislative enactments, to sup-
press the efforts of the Abolitionists, and to de-
liver up to the officers and governments of the
South, for trial and punishment at the South,
northern citizens, who have never left the limits
of their respective States, for a violation of a law
enacted by a southern Legislature. Charges of
a grave character are made against the whole
northern section of the Union, collectively, im-
puting to that portion of the country insincerity
in their professions of regard for the peace and
the welfare of the South, because they have not
complied with these requests.
A ease is brought into notice by a gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Pevton,] which he con-
siders and urges as a case supporting this heavy
accusation against the, North  and as a violation
of the law of comity, whkh every independent
State or nation ia bound to observe towards a
neighboring! State. The case stated ib this: A
erand jury of Alabama prefers an indictment
afcainst a citizen of New York, who has never
entered the limits of the territory of Alabama,
for the commission of analleged crime in violating
a law of the last mentioned State. The Governor
of Alabama demands of the Governor of New
York the surrender of the supposed culprit to the
government of Alabama, to be tried by the courts
of the last named State, by the laws of the same
State, and for a violation of a law enacted by a
State into whose territory the offender never en-
tered until transported there for trial and pun-
The bare statement of such a claim would
seem to be sufficient to place it in its true light,
but for the character and standing of those who
thus come forward in its support.   It ia because
