206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abolition in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hoar.
Ho. of Reps.
the Chief Magistrate of one of the States in the
Union, and aii honorable member of this House |
urge this claim on the North, and especially be- |
cause a refusal by one northern Governor to
comply with this request is made a ground of
criminating the whole northern section of the
country, that gives it a claim to notice.
What is the great fundamental principle of our
governments? Is it not that the people shall
govern themselves ? In the case above stated, the
law is enacted by a Legislature wholly foreign to
him who is claimed as its subject. The legislator
is in no way nor degree amenable to him, or to
those who are said to be subject to the law; nor
have the latter, in any way or degree, given to
the former any authority or power to control their
conduct.
To allow this principle would indeed introduce
a strange state of things. The highest judicial tri-
bunals of the State of New York cannot officially
understand the laws of another State, until they
are proved as facts in the particular case in which
they are to be applied; and yet the most unedu-
cated adult person in the State of New York would
be exposed to be seized, transported a thousand
miles from his home, tried for a breach of one of
those laws, which the judges of his own State
cannot know, and, it may be, condemned to fine,
imprisonment, or death, for doing an act which,
if judged by the laws of hia own State, is per-
fectly innocent. Mr. Speaker, if this be not sla-
very, I will acknowledge the obligation to any
one who will inform me what slavery is.
There are many provisions of the Constitution
manifestly repugnant to the claim set up in this
case, but it cannot be necessary further to exam-
ine the subject.
It is said that the Abolitionists wish to abolish
slavery in this District, in order that they may
have a proximate and convenient position in
which to carry on their future operations against
the South. The petitioners are represented as
saying, "Give us whereon to stand, and we will
move the (southern) world." Any person cast-
ing his eye on a map of the country, and noticing
the length of line by which Virginia and Mary-
land are now bounded by non-slaveholding States,
will probably think they must be miserable engi-
neers to suppose this little spot of ten miles square
can afford much aid to the accomplishment of
their plans. The abolition of slavery in this Dis-
trict would probably have very little effect on the
slaves or on slavery in any of the States.
Another ground of complaint, urged by sev-
eral gentlemen in the course of the debate, is this:
It is said that the essays of the Abolitionists have ¡
for their object the excitement of uneasiness and
discontent among the slaves, and that their tend-
ency is to produce insurrection and servile war.
They further allege that the writing and printing
of the essays, being carried on within the limits
of independent States, and being injurious to the
slaveholding communities, the latter communities
have a right to complain of the proceeding, and
to demand the suppression of those publications,
as libelous and seditious in their nature, by the
punishment of their authors.
This complaint deserves serious attention. It
presents for consideration questions of great and
acknowledged difficulty. That a person standing
on one side of the line between two States may,
in various ways, inflict an injury on a person on
the other side of the line, and that the guilty party
is justly punishable; that, in many cases which
may be imagined, he ought not to be protected,
and would not be protected, in any well-ordered
State, would seem not to be questionable. Al-
though this case has been stated, in the course of
the debate, to prove the propriety of the complaint
and demand above stated, it does not seem to ac-
complish the purpose. It remains still necessary
to inquire how far the publications above alluded
to are wrong in their nature and tendency, and
how far, if wrong, it is practicable to correct the
wrong. I trust, sir, that the northern Legisla-
tures and people generally, desire faithfully to
observe the federal compact, and as faithfully
to perform all the duties of good neighborhood!.
Gentlemen from the South, I suppose, will admit j
the impropriety of asking from northern Legis- i
lutures the enactment of laws such as, under like i
circumstances, the southern Legislatures would I
refuse to sanction. Obligations of the kind in
question, if they exist, are reciprocal. It is said
that the principles of international law require
this interposition on the part of the northern
States. There doubtless are precedents in great
abundance for indictments and punishments of
real or supposed seditious, fanatical, and treason-
able publications. The eminent scholar and phi-
lanthropist, Dr. Channing, the pride and the boast
of his countrymen, one of the great lights of the
age, who has been so peculiarly noticed by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,]
has heretofore written several essays, any one of
which would, under the reign of Henry VIII, or
of either of his daughters, have carried him to the
stake. The pioneer of truth, he who, in advance
of his cotemporaries, discovers and fearlessly ad-
vocates the cause of truth, will often find that,
like the soldier in an enemy's country in advance
of his corps, he is concentrating on himself the
missiles of the foe.
It is not enough, however, to cite precedents
in distant ages, or in countries where principles
of government essentially different from our own,
are in operation. Authorities, to avail as author-
ities, must be generally approved in our own age
and country. One case, and one case only, has
been cited to prove this law and practice. It is
the case of the indictment, in England, of Pel-
tier, on the complaint of Bonaparte's minister.
The gentleman who cites this case [Mr. Ham-
mond] says, " If England, where more battles
have been fought for the liberty of speech and
the press than in any portion of the world, felt
bound to indict a journalist for libeling her great-
est enemy—the enemy of the whole human race—is
it unreasonable to ask you to extend the same
justice to the grossly slandered and deeply in-
'jured people of the South?" It would be very
easy to adduce almost any number of precedents
of indictments and punishments, found and in-
flicted for libels on Governments, or for seditious
writings. That such precedents exist, by no
means proves what must be proved to lay a just
foundation for the complaint in question, which
is, that at the present day the southern States
would themselves prescribe to their own citizens
such laws as they require to be enacted at the
North. In the above cited case of Peltier it ought
to appear that his punishment (if sentence had
been awarded and punishment inflicted) was ap-
proved by the public voice of the citizens of free
States. The gentleman did not state whether,
after a deliberate consideration of the argument
of Peltier's counsel, he thinks his punishment
would have been approved by the gentleman who
cited the case himself.
Suppose the language above cited from the gen-
tleman's   speech had been used, not in public
debate, but had been printed by him in the reign
of Bonaparte, and application had been made by
Bonaparte's minister to the Government of the
United States, or of South Carolina, to institute a
prosecution against him for the words as libelous,
who can believe that the application would have
been successful?    Yet what could have been said
of that tyrant worse than that" he was the enemy
of the whole human race?"   I do not mean to
say or to intimate that this language is unjust.
j Far from it.    Language of like import was used
I concerning him by persons, and in instances in-
I numerable, in every State of the Union, and prob-
ably in every month, from his accession to the
throne to the day of his departure forSt. Helena.
A similar statement might be made concerning
each of the successive Governments of France
for many years subsequent to 1789.    What re-
marks have we heard in this debate concerning
the treatment of Ireland by the English Govern-
ment?   Charges of tyranny, of oppression, of
I unrelenting cruelty, have been uttered, repeated,
and reiterated in the public pl-ints of our country,
with all the force and in all the forms which the
I English language can supply.    While this lan-
I guage has here been used, numerous insurrec-
¡ tions and rebellions have broken out, and been
suppressed, with more or less bloodshed in Ire-
land.    Yet who lias heard of an indictment in
this country for a libel of the British Government ?
Would southern juries consent to indict and con-
vict their fellow-citizens for this liberty of speech
or of the press, as an offense at common law, or
by the law of nations ? Would southern legisla-
tors prohibit the utterance, with perfect freedom,
of any opinion concerning any Government on
earth ? The members of the Holy Alliance have
not always been spoken of as perfectly " holy"
by Americans. Probably no one here has been
very apprehensive of punishment on this account.
The present Chief Magistrate of South Caro-
lina, a gentleman who has often instructed and
delighted not only his auditors in this Hall, but
the people of this nation, has recently, in an offi-
cial communication to the Legislature of his State,
given utterance to sentiments which, carried to
their legitimate practical consequences, would
produce great and radical changes in the govern-
ment of every northern State, and, if received as
true, would produce as much discontent among
the inhabitants of the North as anything which
has been uttered by any northern Abolitionist
could produce at the South. Now, should a
northern man ask for an indictment against any
citizen of South Carolina, for uttering similar
sentiments, either orally or in print, he would be
thought insane. Yet, the difference between the
two cases is this: In one case, those on whom
the unfavorable influence is to be exerted cannot
generally read anything which is written, whether
good or bad. In the other case, those who are to
be affected can read, and do habitually read, what-
ever is written on public affairs. In the one case,
liberty and its institutions are brought in ques-
tion; in the other, slavery and its concomitants
are the subjects of discussion.
An instance of legislation on the subject of se-
ditious writings has occurred in the Government
of the United States. What was the opinion of
that law generally at the South need not be stated.
It certainly was not such as to render it probable
that any statute regulation of the press, as far
as expression of opinions on subjects of public
interest should be concerned, would soon be at-
tempted.
Could any Legislature of the State of Virginia,
for instance, be induced to prohibit, by statute,
the most full and free expression of opinion on
any subject, either of morals, politics, or religion ?
Could the Legislature of that State, by any act of
legislation, succeed in preventing the citizens of
that State from a full and free expression of
opinion, or deter them from a fearless discussion
of any subject pertaining to the public welfare, or
hinder their advocating any plan for the advance-
ment of the greatest good of the greatest number,
however wild or heretical? It may be presump-
tuous in an inhabitant of another State to express
an opinion on the subject; but it is believed they
could as easily, by legislation, exclude the tide
waters from their own Chesapeake.
I have thus far, Mr. Speaker, proceeded on the
supposition that the Abolitionists are wholly in
error in their theory; and I do not intend, at
present, to discuss the question, whether slavery
is a blessing or a curse, nor whether the Aboli-
tionists be fanatical or rational. Suppose, then,
that there is an opaque body at the North, " radi-
ating darkness "on the regions of the South, and
producing unreasonable discontent in a portion
of the inhabitants: what ought to be done? A
band of furies in Paris, in the reign of Robes-
-pierre, were hurrying a victim to their common
gallows—the lantern post—and were about to
execute on him what—in some sections of the
country—is called Lynch law, on account pf some
real or supposed heretical opinion on the subject
of Government, when the object of their rage saved
his life by proposing the pertinent question to
those who held him in custody, whether they ex-
pected to see any better, after they should have
suspended him at the lantern post, than before?
What, Mr. Speaker, is the antagonist principle,
or the appropriate corrective for speculative error?
Is it physical force ? Will you enact a bill of
pains ana penalties for absurd reasoning or hypo-
critical cant? Will you punish, as criminal, false
inferences in regard to facts in newspapers or
pamphlets? The practice would be new in this
country. A late King of France tried an experi-
ment there, within a few years, on the freedom of
the press. The result need not be stated. It is
universally admitted that, in this country, there
are newspapers in great numbers so conducted,
that their statements scarcely afford the slightest
