208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
I am willing to make the usual appropriations
__to make liberal appropriations to the objects
sus'ircsted by the gentleman from Missouri, and
particularly for the Navy: of that I am proud; I
believe in its usefulness and in its efficiency as a
great arm of national power and defense.
Bat, sir, I must confess that the fortifications
suggested by the Senator [Mr. Benton] are much
lessfavorite objects with me, and that 1 shall vote
cautiously and with jealousy anything beyond
the ordinary appropriations for them. Mr. C.
said he had no great confidence in/brti/icaiioiw as
means of national defense. In a few peculiar sit-
uations, and at a few points, they might, he sup-
posed, be useful, and to that extent he was will-
ing to go. But from the magnitude of the appro-
priation now contended for, it was evident that
the views of other gentlemen were not limited as
his own were, and that it was designed to line
our sea-coast with a chain of fortresses that was
to render us impregnable to an enemy. On such
an extent of coast as ours, the scheme is imprac-
ticable, if it were expedient. But he did not con-
sider it expedient. The best and only sure de-
fense of nations was the courage, the intelligence,
and patriotism of their people. Upon these must
be our reliance in the hour of danger The peo-
ple is our bulwark; and the Government, by every
act of wisdom and beneficence, that increases their
attachment to it and their prosperity, provides
more effectually for national defense, than by the
erection of all the fortifications that could be built
of brick or stone. His objection, as before stated,
did not go to the comparatively few fortifications
that might be necessary at particular points and
Situations, but to the extensive and costly system
of fortifications that seemed to be designed for
every assailable point of our coast. We did not
(he said) stand in need of such defenses. What
enemy would dare to land on our shores ? It may
be necessary for the weak and timid to labor and
toil, and expend their substance in erecting walls
around them for their defense. Such a course
would be altogether inconsistent with the spirit,
the power, and the policy of this great Republic.
But suppose this scheme of fortifications com-
pleted, and our coasts girded with frowning bat-
tlements; what follows? You must have troops
to garrison these fortresses. How many will this
service require? Certainly a great augmentation
of your present military force—a considerable
army. And thus it will in the end turn out that
the expenditure of millions in the erection of for-
tifications will fasten upon us the canker of a
standing army, and entail upon the people a tax
for the support of that army.
The policy of the honorable Senator, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] by giving such paramount importance to
all the preparations for war, seems to me calcu-
lated to give to our Republic a military aspect,
and dangerous tendency to war. The spirit of
free Governments has always been sufficiently
warlike. The pride and haughtiness of the re-
publican character have ever been but too ready
to kindle into war, and to seek for conquest. We
need not stimulate that spirit. We have enough
of it, and it will grow upon us, or there is no truth
in history or philosophy. To moderate and re-
strain that warlike temper will be among the diffi-
cult tasks of this Government.
These views and considerations of the subject
compel me to dissent from the policy recom-
mended by the honorable Senator, [Mr. Bentom.]
I am content to pursue the course that has been
marked out to us on this subject by the former
practice of the Government. We have had wars,
and rumors of wars, and we shall have them
again. But is it necessary, because if the possi-
bility of occasional war, that we should be con-
stantly elad in steel, and oppress ourselves with
the weight of our own armor?
Sir, the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton]
has alluded to our present difficulties with France
in terms calculated to excite our pride, if not our
apprehensions, and has told us that our country
isina"naked," "miserable,"and "defenseless
condition.
It is with deep surprise that I heard such a
declaration. How has it happened, how can it
be, that our country is in so " naked, miserable,
and defenseless a condition?" From the very
origin of the Government such preparations as it
deemed necessary and proper have been making
for the security and defense of the country. And,
from first to last, about two hundred millions of
dollars have been expended upon our naval and
military establishments. About twenty years ago
we had a war with Great Britain—an enemy much
more powerful and formidable, as it respects us,
than France can be. We were then capable of
resisting this more formidable enemy, and of suc-
cessfully defending our country, its honor, and
its rights. Since that war about forty million
dollars have been expended upon our naval and
military establishments. And let it also be re-
membered that, for the last seven years, the ad-
ministration of this Government has been in the
hands of a President renowned in war, and that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has
been one of the leading supporters of that Admin-
istration. Is it not then matter of surprise to hear
that Senator, under all these circumstances, and
near the close of such an Administration, declar-
ing the country to be in a "naked,miserable,and
defenseless condition?"
Sir, I must, in this particular, be the vindicator
of the Administration.. I cannot agree in the
opinion of the honorable Senator from Missouri,
though sanctioned by the Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Southard,] and some other Senators,
that our country is in a " naked, miserable, and
defenseless condition."
Compare its condition now with what it was
at the period of our last and glorious war with
Great Britain. The issues of that war will prove
that we were not even then in a naked, miserable,
and defenseless state. Since that war we have
expended forty millions of dollars upon our naval
and military establishments. Our largest public
vessels at that time were frigates. We have since
increased their number, and have added to them
some of the most formidable line-of-battle ships
that the world ever saw. Since that war we have
doubled our population, and now number about
fifteen millions. Since that war we have paid off
our national debt, and now have an overflowing
Treasury, an abundant revenue, and unbounded
credit. Add to all this, that our country, through-
out its wide expanse, is full of energy, and teem-
ing with prosperity, and then, sir, let me proudly
ask of any one if it can be said of such a country
that its condition is " naked, miserable, and de-
fenseless?" No, Mr. President, we are not de-
fenseless. Give us a just cause of war, and we
have nothing to fear. In a just quarrel we can
meet any and all enemies without danger of over-
throw or disaster. My confidence in this is such,
that, except for the protection of our great cities,
and the great channels of our commerce, it does
not seem to me that fortifications are necessary.
I utterly object to them as a system of national de-
fense—a system for which, together with other
warlike preparations, its advocates at once, and
now, call upon us for all the surplus in our Treas-
ury, estimated at thirty millions, and all the sur-
plus that may accrue hereafter till the object be
completed—a system that must lead to a standing
army, and perpetual taxes for its support, and
which, to a great extent, must permanently limit
the expenditure of the revenue to the maritime
frontier, to the prejudice of all the interior coun-
try from which it shall be collected.
But, Mr. President, if I thought less unfavor-
ably of the proposed system of fortifications and
defense, I shoujd still think it very impolitic to
apply to it all our surplus revenue. Some of it
at least should be given or applied to the peaceful
pursuits pf society, to invigorate and replenish
the sources from which it came. We are not
probably doomed to have more, upen an average,
than one year of war to twenty of peace, and it
would seem to me, therefore, to be most unequal
and unwise to neglect entirely the objects con-
nected with the peaceful prosperity of the coun-
try, and to expend all the surplus revenue the
peace has furnished on objects connected with
war. Better uses, I think, may be made of it,
than the multiplication of forts, and the pur-
chase of superfluous arms to be hung up to
rust.
- Mr. C. then proceeded to state that a variety
of subjects had been introduced into this debate,
Upon some of which he wished to make a few
remarks.   The alleged defenseless condition of
the country had been broadly imputed to the
Senate. This imputation, however, had resolved
itself into the comparatively petty charge of hav-
ing, at the last winter's session, defeated the pas-
sage of the " fortification bill," as it is called.
This charge has been denied, and an animated
discussion has ensued as to the causes of its
failure. Having no personal knowledge of the
circumstances attending that bill, I can enter into
no controversy concerning them; but, sir, I have
been a curious and interested listener to the de-
bate, and have made up my verdict on the case.
That opinion is founded on none of the disputed
questions or details of the controversy, but upon
this admitted state of facts: that the bill was in
progress after night of the 3d of March last; that
the two Houses of Congress differed about some
of the appropriations contained in it; that the bill
was likely to be lost in consequence of that dis-
agreement; that to avoid such a result, the Senate
proposed a conference between the two Houses;
that the conference was agreed to, and held by
committees mutually appointed; that all the mat-
ters of disagreement between the two Houses
were settled and agreed upon by these commit-
tees, and that each, as was its duty, should re-
port to its respective House, that the bill might
accordingly pass; that the committee of the Sen-
ate did, without delay, make the proper report to
that body; that the Senate was then ready and
willing to act, and to pass the bill upon the terms
agreed upon, and so anxious, indeed, to do so,
that, after waiting some time to hear from the
other House, in whose possession the bill was,
they sent a respectful message to that House to
remind them of the subject; that there was some
delay on the part of the committee of the House
of Representatives, or its chairman, in making
its report to that House; that the report was not
made till about, orafter, the hour of twelve o 'clock
at night, and that the House did not at all act
upon it owing to scruples of conscience on the part
of some of its members in doing anything after
that hour of the night at which they supposed
their congressional power ceased. As I have
learned, and understand it, such is the plain and
authentic history of the overt acts connected with
the fate of this bill.
According to these facts, the Senate stands
clearly acquitted, and the loss of the bill is im-
?utable alone to the House of Representatives,
t is not necessary to this conclusion to inquire or
search for secret causes that may have prompted
these scruples of conscience that destroyed that bill.
It must be consolatory, I should think to its pa-
triotic friends here, who mourn so eloquently over
its fate, to know, sir, that it died for conscience
sake. All will, no doubt, admit that, to some ex-
tent these scruples were very honest and sincere;
but I grant,sir, that such a sudden and extensive
ebullition of conscience may seem a utile surpris-
ing, especially when it is recollected that it is
against all former experience; that neither Wash-
ington, nor Adams, nor Jefferson, nor Madison,
nor any of our former Presidents, nor any former
Congress ever indulged such scruples, or hesitated
to act after twelve o'clock at night of the 3d of
March, whenever it was necessary to the com-
pletion of the public business. But, sir, con-
science does not go by precedents. Its ways aro
often mysterious and inscrutable; and, after all,
and notwithstanding all reasonings and prece-
dents to the Contrary, there is nothing, perhaps,
unnatural or strange in those conscientious emo-
tions which it seems" interrupted the public busi 
ness in the House of Representatives at the close
of the last session. Remember, sir, that it was j ust
about the hour of twelve, that witching time of
night, when conscience, long pent up,and clogged
with the politics of a whole session of Congress,
would be most apt to break out, and make her
" compunctious visitings."
Thus it is, Mr. President, as it seems to me,
that the loss of the fortification bill is clearly ac-
counted for, the Senate acquitted of its destruc-
tion, and the House of Representatives of the
last Congress shown to have been the most con-
scientious and scrupulous with which the people of
these United States have ever been favored.
I must say, Mr. President, that I have been not
a little surprised at the great importance that has
been ascribed to that bill, and at the sensibility
