1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <5L0BEs
211
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. oV itafs.
or that there is equally no ground for a claim,
whether the sufferer by fire is an importer at
New York or a purchaser of imported goods at
Cincinnati. The Government is clearly under
no obligations to the dealer at Cincinnati. It has
subjected him to no legislative exactions; it holds
him under no peculiar responsibilities; it sustains
towards him no other than the ordinary relation
of the Govern ment to a citizen. It is, more espe-
cially, in no sense his creditor? it has no demand
against him as a debtor; and, most of alt, it can-
not regard him as a debtor, of'whom it is requir-
ing the payment of a debt for which it has given
him no equivalent, and in regard to whom the
contingency, upon which alone depended'the op-
portunity of his realising an equivalent, through
unavoidable accident, cannot occur.. This, then,
is the distinction between the two eases, result-
ing from the widely different relations which the
supposed sufferers sustain towards the Govern-
ment. When the foreign goods pass from the
importer to" the consumer, or 'to the consumer's
agent—the purchaser fbr consumption—I agree
that the duty becomes an increment of value; that
the importer then realises the equivalent for what
he has paid or owes the Government; that from
that time the importer can have no claim upon
the Government, growing out of the peculiar re-
lation which he has assumed; and that, of course,
he cannot transfer to the Consumer? or his agent,
an equitable right, which was peculiar to himself
asan importer, and has ceased to exist. Th  pur-
chaser for consumption- buys the foreign goods
of the importeras he would'buy any other goods
—for a fair consideration—and afterwards holds
them as he would hold any'other goods—at his
own risk. His contract with the importer does
, not involve any assumption of responsibility to
the Government; he cannot, therefore-, prefer a
claim against the Government as resulting from
that contract; and there is no* other ground upon
which he can rest a elaim. Whenever the Gov-
ernment shall return to a system of which its ex-
perience has been too unfortunate again to recom-
mend the adoption, and shall levy an excise upon
whisky before it has been removed from the vats,
or, at least, from the warehouse of the distiHer at
Cincinnati; and when that distiller can state the
fact to Congress, that, as one of the sufferers by
an awful conflagration, which has reduced to
ashes an extensive section of the thriving empo-
rium of the West, he has been deprived, by the
destruction of his property, of the means of re-
covering from the consumer the amount of the
excise which he has paid or owes the Govern-
ment, there may be a case at Cincinnati resem-
bling, in some of its features and in its equitable
claims to the consideration of Congress, the pres-
ent case at New York.
I have thus far confined myself to a statement
of some of the reasons which induce me to regard
it as an act of justice to make provision for those
debtors of the Government who have been im-
mediate sufferers by the fire—the first class desig-
nated in this bill. My convictions lead me to the
conclusion that the most reasonable objection to
the first section of the bill is, that it falls short of
its proper object; and that it should have pro-
vided, not simply for an extension of the time of
payment, but, under suitable regulations to pre-
vent fraud, for the absolute remission of the du-
ties upon all goods subject to duty which were
destroyed by the fire. And, sir, if any argument
applicable to this case is to be drawn from that
clause of the Constitution which requires duties
to be " uniform," I submit to the gentleman who
has quoted it, [Mr. Pickews,] whether it is not
virtually a palpable disregard of uniformity to
require of the importer whose goods perished in
the fire on the day of their landing, or on the day
preceding that on which (the outward entry, per-
haps, having been lodged at the custom-house)
they were to have been exported, or on any in-
termediate day, so long as they remained in his
hands undisposed of for consumption or export,
the same duty which has been paid by another
importer who has received the duty from the con-
sumer, and has thereby been enabled to act as
the law intended he should act, merely as the
agent of the Government in collecting the duty
which is thus actually paid by the consumer?
Upon a proper construction of the clause, how-
ever, I do not consider it as furnishing any argu-
ment applicable to this case; and I suppose it only
designed to prescribe that the general revenue
laws shall operate equally and alike throughout
the country, without restraining the power of
Congress to make suitable provision for extraor-
dinary cases arising under those laws, as neces-
sity, justice, or the public interests may require.
1 will barely submit, in this connection, that to
insure the most salutary effect to this and every
part of the Constitution relating to the collection
of revenue from imports and to the regulation of
commerce incident thereto, there is no legal pro-
vision so practicable, so simple, and certain in its
operation, and so well adapted to exclude cases
of special legislation, as a warehousing system.
It is my deliberate opinion, for the reasons
which I have stated, that the importers.of "du-
tiable" goods destroyed by fire, and upon which
the bonds are in the course of collection, may
justly claim a remission of duties. If the bbnds
have been collected, or if the duties were paid in
cash, I hold, for the same reasons, that the amount
of duty in such cases should be refunded. But,
at this point, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chambers] encounters a difficulty which,
it appears to me, may be easily removed. Con-
fining himself to the case of bonds which have
been paid, he says that, as soon as they are paid,
the relation of creditor and debtor ceases; and
that thereupon the elaim of the importer upon the
Government expires. Allow me to suggest to
him that, though the bond has been paid, if good
cause shall subsequently appear why it should
riot have been paid, or if it can be shown that the
consideration for which the bond was given has
not been and could not be realized, or if, where
the duty was paid in cash at the time of entry,
the exportation of the goods has entitled the im-
porter to drawback—in all these cases, the fact
of payment has not settled the account; and. that
it may be the relation of creditor and debtor, in-
stead of having ceased, has, in effect, been re-
versed ; the Government having become the debtor
for the amount paid, and the importer, as a cred-
itor, being entitled to reclaim it. The English
law, in the cases to which I have referred, author-
izes the commissioners of customs to " remit or
return" the duties "payable or paid;" and the
gentleman in justice must acknowledge that, when
he can agree that the duty cannot equitably be
claimed by the Government, he should be equally
ready to refund the money if it has been paid, or
to give up the bond if it has been secured. He
surely will not attempt to screen the Government
from the obligation to do equal justice to two
claimants, similarly situated in respect to the
merit of their claims, merely because one claim-
ant had been obliged, or had chosen' to advance
the amount which he claims in cash, and the
other had been suffered to substitute his bond;
or between two claimants similarly situated in all
respects, except that both having given their
bonds, the bond of one should happen to fall due
the day before, and that of the other the day after
the occurrence of an event which, it is admitted,
annuls the consideration for which both bonds
were giren.
Instead of providing for the remission of duties
On goods destroyed by fire, and for refunding the
money in such cases when the duties have been
paid, the bill simply provides (with the single
exception of the first proviso in the first section)
for an extension of credit to the importers, to
allow them time to recover from the necessary
embarrassment of their present situation, and to
afford them some advantage in the Ravine of in-
terest upon the amount of their bonds. The gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] regarding
this extension in the nature of a loan, would
charge them with the full rate of interest. Had
these debtors actually received the principal of
their debts from -the Government, the charge of
interest might not be deemed unreasonable, were
it not that their unprecedented misfortunes entitle
them to the most liberal indulgence usually, or
ever, granted under extreme circumstances; but
I submit to the gentleman that the principal of
the debts, that is to say, the amount of the bonds,,
has not been received by the debtors when the
foods, upon which the duties accrued, have been
estroyed in their hands before they have been
enabled to dispose of them. With this under*
standing of the case, I am sure he will agree with
me, that if the Government is not bound in equity
to release the debtors altogether, it will have been
sufficiently rigorous in prosecuting its legal claims
against them if it should allow a short season of
delay before insisting upon payment. I have
already suggested that, by the existing Treasury
arrangements, if the bonds were promptly paid
the Government would suffer the money to lie,
without interest, in the deposit banks; and that,
therefore, the Government cannot be a loser by
allowing the proposed extension. The gentle-
man says that the arrangements with the deposit
banks have not been made, and will not be con-
tinued, with his consent; and that he would not
permit the use of the Government funds either to
importers or banks without requiring interest. I
agree with the gentleman in all his general views
in respect to the management of the public money;
but I presume he has as little faith as myself in
the practicability of changing the present system;
and that he cannot be disposed (yet such would
be the virtual operation of his amendment) to
restrict the demand of interest to such sufferers
as this bill provides for.
It is undeniable, as has been suggested by the
gentleman from Vermont and others, that the pro-
posed extension of payments to the immediate
Sufferers will afford relief unequally, and ia some
instances in striking disproportion to the losses
actually incurred. Any provision which comes
short of remitting the duties upon all dutiable
goods destroyed by the fire must operate une-
qually; and if this consideration should lead the
committee to determine that it is more equal, as
well as more strict justice—in other words, that
it is the only mode of doing justice—to authorize
such remission, I shall be entirely prepared to
acquiesce in the decision. Still I cannot abandon
the bill in its present shape from an apprehension
that its beneficial effects will not precisely corre-
spond to its design in all the cases to which it may
be applied. We can pass but few laws not liable
to this objection; and, in respect to this bill, I
content myself with the conviction that it will
produce much general benefit, and can furnish but
few causes of complaint. I would prefer as a sub-
stitute for the first section, the provision in favor
of which I have argued; but the bill comes to us
from the Senate; the committee who have it par-
ticularly in their charge do not propose to amend
it; and I am willing, under such circumstances,
to take it as I find it. I do so the less reluctantly,
as we have had an intimation that the provision I
desire may yet be proposed in a separate bill.
The second section of the bill proposes to re-
lieve all the debtors of the Government in the
city of New York by allowing an extension of
the time of payment of " all bonds given prior to
the fire." The section, in my view, is imper-
fect in not providing for a similar indulgence ia
regard to the payment of cash duties; but still,
so far as it goes, I am disposed to advocate it
upon the ground of public policy, and to regard
the measure it proposes as at least an act or wise
liberality. To judge of the expediency of this
measure, all the peculiar circumstances of the
case deserve to be considered.                           '
The fire at New York has been justly repre-
sen ted as a most desolating calamity, unprece-
dented upon this continent, and with only one or
two parallels in the history of the world. This
is a just, but, for our purpose, too general a de-
scription. It becomes us to consider it in its
necessary consequences as a commercial embar-
rassment, and by inquiring into the nature and
extent of these consequences, to satisfy ourselvaa
how far it has affected the debtors of theOovern-
ment, who constitute a large portion of the mer-
chants of the city of New York.
What is the city of New York, and who are
its merchante? The city of New York is, far
more distinctively than any other city, the com-
mercial emporium of the United States. The ad-
vantages which it derives from its central position,
i
