212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Sufferers by New York Fire—Mr. Phillips.
Ho. of Reps.
and from its unrivaled facilities of communication
with every section of the country and every quar-
ter of the globe, have made it the grand depot of
imports and exports, the principal resort of mer-
chants and traders, and a scene of unparalleled
enterprise, industry, and improvement. To use
an expression which can hardly be considered as
far-fetched here, it is the seat of the commercial
congress of the western hemisphere, in which
every State of the Union and all foreign nations
are more or less numerously represented by res-
ident agents, and where negotiations are yearly
effected of sufficient magnitude to constitute a
leading item of the business of the world. I speak
of the city of New York as a commercial empo-
rium; and regarding it as such, who can behold
its situation, or trace its rise, or contemplate its
destiny, without emotions of admiration, aston-
ishment, and pride? It is already called the
London of America; and it has ceased to be ex-
travagant to suppose that the time may come
when this appellation will insufficiently repre-
sent, if not the number of its inhabitants, at least
the extent of its commerce and the magnitude of
its resources.
And who are the merchants of New York?
They are, as I have said, resident agents from
every foreign nation, and each State of the Union
can number among them the choicest specimens
of one of the best classes of its population. So
intimately are they connected with every State,
that perhaps there is scarcely a gentleman upon
this floor who would not recognize among them
some of his personal acquaintances, and constant
or occasional correspondents, or, at least, many
of whose constituents could not fail thus to rec-
ognize them. Known, therefore, as they are,
personally, or by their general reputation, I must
presume that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Hardin] does them unintentional injustice,when
he alludes to them in terms which, if not con-
veying a direct reproach, aré* adapted to excite
an unfounded prejudice. But, whatever may be
his object, he cannot succeed in combating the
public sentiment of the country. The merchants
of New York have an established character for
intelligence, enterprise, and probity which, while
it has been the brightest ornament of their pros-
perity, will prove to them the guarantee of uni-
versal sympathy and confidence in the season of
their adversity. They occupy the front rank of
the merchants of the country; and throughout the
country, they are respected, honored, and will be
sustained as eminent contributors to the national
welfare, as indispensable agents in the, accumu-
lation and diffusion of the national wealth, and
as worthy representatives of the national charac-
ter, in the wide extent of their commercial rela-
tions.
The merchants of New York are and always
have been the principal debtors of the Govern-
ment, or its principal agents in the collection of
its revenue. At the custom-house in that city,
and from the hands of its merchants, there have
already been collected between two and three
hundred millions of dollars for the use of the coun-
try; more than one half of the imposts regularly
accrues there; and upon the ability and integrity
of the merchants or New York, therefore, the
Government must mainly depend for its available
resources. The facts which are upon the records
of the Treasury Department attest that, while the
Government has been always a strict, and some-
times an inexorable creditor, it has sustained only
the most inconsiderable loss from the insolvency
or fraud of its debtors in New York. Hitherto,
they have rarely as individuals, and never collect-
ively, urged claims to its indulgence, but have
promptly and scrupulously fulfilled their engage-
ments ; occasionally, too, during periods of serious
embarrassment. Even now, when overwhelmed
with distress, they adhere strictly to their obliga-
tions, and not a bond, except by the voluntary
permission of the collector, remains unpaid. Since
the fire, the collector, in the use of a sound dis-
cretion, although in the exercise of an authority
not strictly conferred by law, has permitted bonds
to lie over, conformably to a suggestion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, that some seasonable
measure of relief might be expected from Con-
gress.   The present bill is designed to satisfy that
expectation.
Having said thus much injustice to the city of
New York, to the character of its merchants, and
to their relations to the Government, I will ask
the attention of the committee to some of the
circumstances of the case which have determined
my own judgment in regard to the expediency of
the provision contained in the second section.
. The fire laid waste a section of the city occu-
pied by the merchants as a place of business.
When I visited the scene a few days after the
sad event, I beheld an area of fifty acres covered
with smoking ruins, and strewed with fragments
of damaged goods partially rescued from the
flames. I perceived at once that the immense
mass of buildings which had been thus laid pros-
trate consisted almost entirely of warehouses, the
occupants of which I recoliected to have been
chiefly importing merchants, commission houses,
or grocers, such as were always the holders of
heavy stocks of goods, the aggregate value of
which must have usually exceeded the largest
estimate of the loss which is supposed to have
been sustained. I was told that the work of de-
struction had been so rapid, that, in addition to
the loss of buildings and goods, many of the mer-
chants had not been able to save their books,
notes, and papers. Now, Mr. Chairman, view-
ing this fire as a commercial embarrassment, I
wish to remark that no ordinary estimate of the
value of buildings and goods destroyed can con-
vey a sufficient idea of the actual suffering which
has been produced, nor even of the positive pecu-
niary loss which has been, and is yet to be, sus-
tained. These sufferers are almost exclusively
merchants, who were holding a large amount of
property, enjoying an extensive credit, and en-
gaged in profitable business. In consequence of
this fire, not only is their property destroyed,
but, to a greater or less extent, their credit must
be impaired; and their business, for a time at
least, is stopped. All their previous engagements,
nevertheless, remained to be fulfilled. The fire,
while it has destroyed their property, has left the
debts which they owe untouched. While it has
burnt their books, it has not finally balanced
them. Their notes and bonds will still be pro-
duced against them, although they have lost the
record of their amount. They had used every
precaution to guard against such a calamity.
Their buildings, were properly secured: some
supposed to be fire proof. Whatever was the
origin of the fire, none of them, at most with but
one exception, are chargeable with carelessness;
and they had insured their property for its full
value. But the insurers were not insured ! It is
an incident of this case, which distinguishes it
above all others in the aggravation of misfortune,
that the first names inscribed upon the list of
bankruptcies, attributable to the fire, were those
of one half of the fire insurance companies, who,
perhaps, will not be able to pay,upon an average,
fifty per cent, of the demands against them; and
may be compelled, by the state of their affairs, to
postpone the payment of this meager dividend to
a period too late to afford seasonable relief.
Without going into further details, Mr. Chair-
man, I leave you to judge, from this strictly ac-
curate description, of the actual condition of the
merchants who were immediate sufferers by the
fire. Estimate, if you can, the necessary effect
of these combined causes of suffering, destruction
of property, diminution of credit, suspension of
business, overh.anging debts, failure of insurance
—follow them out in their remote consequences
and contingent results, and tell me what sum of
money will sufficiently denote the real extent of
the deplorable calamity ? Set down the loss of
buildings and goods at $25,000,000, and consider
this as only the first item in the account. Esti-
mate the value of the credit which such a capital
in the hands of merchants in active business would '
usually command, and make that the second item. !
Calculate the accruing profits of the business in
which all these merchants were engaged, and also ¡
determine what the privilege is worth to so many
merchants of being well established in business:
let this be the third item. Conjecture (for it can
only be conjectural) the amount of the sacrifices i
of property which the pressure of debts, under
such circumstances, and the suspension of de-
mands against insurers, must occasion; and stop
here: what is the aggregate? Could the figures
be cast and the sum stated, I think it would be
sufficient to convince the most incredulous that
the immediate sufferers are entitled, at least, to
the scanty indulgence which the first section of
the bill provides for them. I think it would also
be a convincing and an alarming proof that such
an overwhelming calamity cannot be confined to
the immediate sufferers, but must, in its conse-
quences, extend far beyond them. I think it
would satisfy the gentleman from Kentucky that
such an amount of loss may have given "a shock"
to the business and credit of the whole city; and
I am sure it must compel him, if he will under-
take to estimate it, to carry his conceptions far
beyond his ordinary standard of magnitude in
money matters, and quite as much beyond the
range of his previous acquaintance with the nature
and extent of commercial transactions.
When the ravages of the fire had ceased, and
the inhabitants began to recover from the bewil-
dering sensations of terror and alarm, which at
the instant overcame them, how did they regard
their general situation ? They saw, as they were
collected on the spot, that, though only a .section
of the city had been destroyed, the whole com-
munity was doomed to suffer by the calamity;
that though the wound was local, the stroke of
the destroyer had been aimed at the heart; that
though it was an easy matter to complete the list
of immediate sufferers, it was difficult to know
where to begin or where to end in enumerating
the many and many others who could not escape
uninjured. The merchants, more especially, in-
stantly perceived, that not one of their number
was a disinterested spectator of such a scene of
ruin; but that, connected as they were by mutual
interests, and bound together by reciprocal obli-
gations, the consequences which would result
from such a destruction of property, and a cor-
responding prostration of credit, and consequent
suspension of business, must affect them all. The
dense cloud of smoke ascending from the spot to
which the fire was confined, had overshadowed
the whole city, intercepting for a time the bright
beams of the returning sun; and these merchants
felt that a heavier cloud of distrust and embar-
rassment, produced by the misfortunes of the
immediate sufferers, was fast gathering over them
all, threatening to blast the gilded prospect of the
near future, and the precursor of events which
might involve them all in temporary distress.
They felt at once that it was their common duty
to prepare for the worst. The impulse of sym-
pathy with their neighbors was blended with the
instinct of self-preservation. In the manifestation
of mutual confidence, in the readiness of each to
sustain every other, in that spirit of accommoda-
tion to circumstances which belongs to the mer-
cantile character, they proceeded to provide for
the emergency. To guard against the unavoid-
able scarcity of money, and the consequent diffi-
culty of meeting such of their debts as were
approaching maturity, theyappealed tothe banks
to cooperate in all practicable measures of relief,
and they imparted the force of public opinion to
the obligation of creditors to grant indulgence
to their debtors by the extension of payments.
They called upon the Bank of the United States
to apply all the means within its disposal for their
accommodation; they called upon the city gov-
ernment to create stock which might be made
available capital; they invoked the State govern-
ment for its prompt and liberal interposition in
various acts of legislation, and they appealed to
the General Government to assume its just share
of loss, to postpone the collection of its super-
fluous revenue, and to give such a direction to its
finances, that they might be rendered more con-
tributory to their immediate benefit.
I am convinced, Mr. Chairman, that none who
have made due inquiry into all the circumstances
of their situation can sdppose that the merchants
of New York have acted with a greater degree
of foresight or vigor than the occasion required.
Fortunately for them, the fire occurred at the sea-
son of the year which affords almost their only
