216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.          Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Goldsborough.
Senate.
consistently with the rights of others. Thus we
say to our fellow-citizens in the non-slvavehold-
in  States, "Exercise your absolute and inde-
feasible right of petition so as not to impair or
endanger our absolute rights and personal se-
curity."
I wish, sir, to continue my appeal to the peo-
ple of the non-slaveholding States, by calling their
attention to another historical record of high au-
thority, to show what the sound intelligence of
those States did in the early period of our polit-
ical history through their representatives in Con-
gress, at a time when they who petitioned were
as earnest and as honest as any making similar
petitions at this day can possibly be, and. when
there was more sedateness of purpose, and less
of that active zeal and enthusiasm which mark
the procedures of the present time. I refer, sir,
to the proceedings of Congress in the year 1790,
upon the various petitions from abolition socie-
ties in Pennsylvania, where they first originated,
praying Congress to interfere, to produce a sys-
tem of gradual emancipation of slaves. These
petitions were received by Congress, and referred
to a committee, in usual course, consisting of
seven members, six of whom represented non-
slaveholding States, and one represented a slave-
holding State. Mr. Foster of New Hampshire,
Mr. Gerry of Massachusetts, Mr. Huntington
of Connecticut, Mr. Lawrence of New York,
Mr. Sinnickson of New Jersey, Mr. Hartley of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Parker of Virginia. The
report of this committee was discussed and delib-
erated on in a Committee of the Whole House,
and after it had passed through the various forms
of proceeding, itresultedin three distinct proposi-
tions expressing the power and want of power in
Congress over the question of slavery, as declared
by the Constitution of the Union. First, " that
Congress could not, prior to the year 1808, pro-
hibit the migration or importation of such per-
sons as any of the States then existing should
think proper to admit;" which was no more
than an affirmation of what the Constitution it-
self declares. Secondly, that Congress have no
authority to interfere in the emancipation of
slaves, or in the treatment of them within any
of the States—it remaining with the several States
alone to provide any regulations therein which
. humanity and true policy may require. Thirdly,
that Congress have authority to restrain the citi-
zens of the United States from carrying on the
African trade, for the purpose of supplying for-
, eigners with slaves, and of providing, by proper ,
regulations, for the humane treatment, during
the passage of slaves imported by the said citi-
zens into the States admitting such importa- '
tion.
This part of the recorded journal of congres-
sional proceedings has been cited heretofore on
this floor for somewhat different purposes; but I
recall it to view for the express design of show- ]
ing the true line of demarkation of the constitu- '
. tional power of Congress over the question of !
slavery in this country,as declared and laid down
by the non-slavehokling States themselves—a de-
cision founded upon a full view of all the powers
• in the Constitution in relation to slavery, strength-
. ened by the lapse of more than forty years, and
. fortified up to this time by tranquil acquiescence
, and unprecedented prosperity.   It is true that
Congress held its session at that time in the city
of Philadelphia, and the question was more par-
ticularly applicable to the States; yet as this
was the deliberate result of the view of the whole
powers of Congress over the question of slavery, as
vested in them by the Constitution, and as the
appropriation of a .district, not exceeding ten
miles square, for the seat of the General Govern-
ment is contained in that Constitution, with the
powers ofCongress over it, and the selection of
the site fyad then been made in parts of two slave-
holding States, it does not seem to be quite fair
to contend that, after a decision upon bo dispas-
. siónateand thorough a view of the whole ground,
there was any particle of power omitted to be con-
sidered that had any existence under the Consti-
tution.    It is then with increased confidence that
I appeal to the intelligence and love of justice in
the non-slaveholding States, when I point out to
them the metes and bounds, set by themselves,
as to the interference of Congress with our insti-
tutions of slavery. Here are your own bound-
aries set by yourselves—here are your own lines
of power run by yourselves. Do not disturb
these ancient, these established holdings; but
leave us, as we leave you, to regulate all those
internal concerns which so deeply affect all that
is desirable in life.
Whatever may be the views of the petitioners
in this case, be they born of benevolence or what,
1 am persuaded they are little aware of the real
practical effect that must ensue from the pursuit
of this object—abolition. Instead of promoting
the happiness of the bond and the welfare of their
masters, they will insure the misery of both. If
they would but be contented to forbear to inter-
meddle in this subject, and leave- It to work its
own tway, the progress to that state of things
which they profess to desire to bring about would
become more accelerated and more sure. The
sentiment which they wantabruptly to force upon
us has already a cherished existence amongst us
all, and it has been gradually growing more and
more effective as circumstances arise to permit it.
Nothing so certainly checks its growth as this
ill-judged interference. Yielding in sentiments
of philanthropy to none, and desiring to extend
its influence when we may, we must hush its
voice upon the approach of danger, and bend all
our thoughts and might to protection .* The prop-
agation of the doctrines of abolition among the
slaves of the South produces discontent, restless-
ness, and insubordination, that has been and must
be put down by any restrictions or punishment
necessary to the end. To prey upon and poison
the minds of these people is but to cause their
fetters to be riveted more closely, and hands them
over to suffering or to death. If the danger is
imminent, summary justice takes the place of
established law, and an excited state of feeling
pronounces the judgment that an excited state of
feeling executes. Could the design be, which it
cannot be, to light the torch of servile discord,
and to drench the land in blood, these mistaken
and misguided benevolent efforts would lead, if
persisted in, unerringly to that result. How mis-
taken is this zeal;how ill-adapted to its professed
end ! If they who are leading on to such things
could only witness the return of these southern
gentlemen with their families to their homes, and
see their meeting with their slaves, as they call
them, and as they really are, they would not only
be astonished, after all they have heard or thought,
but I believe sincerely they would desist. In-
stead of the " crouching creatures in the forms
of men," coming with doubting fear into the
presence of a tyrant, as the scene is ever falsely
represented, they would-see the gladdened coun-
tenances of o well-taken-care-of people, hastening
with joy to greet their friends' return; and the
rustic laborers from the field, when they come in
from their employments, are no less anxious to
bid the hearty welcome; then ensue the inquiries
for health and cares, and all is satisfaction and
joy around. Sir, I present no fancied picture. I
give the scenes that are prevalent and usual.
My object is to place things in the true point of
i
* See Bishop- Bowen'a Pastoral Letter by order of the
Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church in South
Carolina, 1835, pages 21 and 2?:
" The subject of our slaves is one which circumstances
'have made of so much delicacy; it is in consequence of an
ill-informed, unwise, and even a reckless philanthropy affect-
ing it in other parts of our Union, surrounded by so much
sensibility of alarm and offense; and, where the moral in—
j terest of it is concerned, is, under the supposition of even
the best dispositions entertained among us to promote it,
incumbered, confessedly, with so much difficulty that the
ministers of religion cannot approach it with too great.can-
! tion and circumspection.
j " There are schemes respecting them fthe slaves! now, and
for some year's past, on foot among the pious, ana on etien/
¡.account rcsjectalie, c£ our fellow-citizens, in which I own
i myself unable to see it to be the duty or wisdom of the Chris-
tian to bear the part which is so loudly urged on him, as in a
peculiar manner to be his. Both the duty and the wisdom
of the Christian seem to me, in a manner greatly paramount,
to consist in giving them [the slaves] in the condition in
which they are, the knowledge of God, according to the
Gospel of Jesus Christ, and cheerfully committing the event
of this coarse—prudently, intelligently, obserringly, and con-
scientiously pursued—to the disposal of an all-wise and
.benignant Providence."
view, to prevent these scenes from being changed
into scenes of sadness and horror.
It ought to be known, but it is not known
that there is no portion of the inhabitants of this
country who has been more benefited—whose
condition has been more ameliorated by the in-
dependence of this country, established by the
war of the Revolution, than the slave population.
Anterior to that time, and for a short period after',
the system of negro slavery in the Colonies and
in the new States was pretty much the same as in
the British West Indies—not a great deal better.
But no sooner had our dependence upon, and
close connection with, the mother country become
severed, and the new system of things had time
to diffuse abroad its beneficent influences, than
we saw their effects in the happy amelioration of
every class in life. It is a law in social life, that
the condition of dependents will always keep
pace with the liberalized views and sentiments of
their superiors, produced by mental culture and
refined association; and in no instance has it been
more happily illustrated than in our negro pop-
ulation. In no part of the whole slaveholding
country can we find any exception, unless, pos-
sibly, in Louisiana.
Mr. PORTER asked the Senator from Mary-
land to yield the floor for a moment; which re-
quest being complied with, Mr. P. said he had
interrupted the Senator for the purpose of cor-
recting an error into which he had fallen in regard
o the treatment of the slave population in Louis-
ana. He assured the honorable Senator that the
treatment of the slaves there would compare ad-
vantageously with any portion of the Union. If
the honorable Senator would only visit that sec-
tion, he would be as convinced of his mistake as
he is satisfied that the people of the North would
be of their misconceptions, if they would go into
Maryland.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH proceeded: I should
not, probably, have made the disparagement so
great as the honorable Senator [Mr. Porter)
might have been led to believe. I only designed
to say, that as Louisiana had much more recently
emerged from the colonial state than most of the
other parts of our slaveholding country, it was.
to be expected that she retained more of the old
colonial usages than the elder sister States, who
had been longer freed from the thraldom of colo-
nial subserviency. However, sir, I rejoice to be
corrected by the honorable Senator, and thank
him for'the correction; and I shall endeavor to
use it to good account by offering it as another
evidence to show how easily men are led into 
error who trust to their theories in relation to the
state and condition of things at a distance from
them.
Yes, sir, the American Revolution has pro-
duced no happier change in the state ftf any of
our people than in the negro population; the
general sentiment and treatment in regard to them,
has undergone a great revolution, and they have
been progressively advancing to an improved con-
dition. That spirit, engendered by the character
of our Government, which has liberalized and
elevated the minds of the white race of men, has
been the cause of extending to the slave a full
portion of its ameliorating influence. To check
this improving state of things will be no volun-
tary act of our own; it must be forced upon us
by those at a distance, who interfere in our con-
cerns, or it will not be arrested. It is not that
we fear the influence of individuals so much, who
may come amongst us with the views of incul-
cating doctrines adverse to our institutions, that
delude our slaves, and render them dissatisfied—
men are tangible and responsible, and we can
therefore guard against them—but it is the silent
-circulation of poisonous principles that are dif-
fused, by means of every channel that presents
itself, throughout our country; and whilst we
are unsuspicious of their operation, they are cor-
rupting all around us, and spreading turbulence
and blind vengeance in our very households.
Inflammatory and insubordinate doctrines, that
tend directly to sever all the ties between master
and dependent servants, that pervert all their feel-
ings, and stimulate them to restlessness and re-
bellion, are the secret sources of whatever calam-
