1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Kent.
SeHate.
Abolitionists themselves. Then, if my opinion |
is correctly formed, their object is directed ulti- I
mately to the States, although they must know
that the States alone can regulate slavery within
their limits. Let, then, those Abolitionists turn
their attention to their own condition. Every
State north of Maryland, with the exception of
Vermont, holds slaves, agreeably to the census
of 1830, some of them thousands, and thereby
recognize slavery. If they have found so much
difficulty in disposing satisfactorily of the few
they have had, how insurmountable would have
been the obstacles thrown in their Way in accom-
plishing even what they have done had the slaves
in any of those States exceeded the whites in
number, or even approached an equality.
Let us look, Mr. President, at what is ou
condition in relation to this subject, and inquire
what it is those Abolitionists would have us do.
In the adjoining county east of the Capitol, in
which I reside, there Were, agreeably to the cen-
sus of 1830, seven thousand six hundred arid
eighty-eevert whites, eleven thousand five hun-
dred and eighty-five slaves, and twelve hundred
free negroes; making nearly two blacks to one
white. Can it be possible that those Abolition-
ists, reckless as they appear to be, can'be serious
when they call upon us suddenly to yield up this
large amount of property, worth not less than four
orive millions of dollars, to carry their fanatical
schemes into effect ? And that is not all; that is
but a small part of the sacrifice. We are required
to degrade our own caste, by placing the whites
nt the1 disposal of the blacks, as far as numbers
can achieve it; and we all know the power of
numbers. I have referred to the adjoining county,
because, whatever takes place in this District—
between which and the county there is only an
imaginary line—must materially affect it's inter-
ests. In this District there are about six thou-
sand slaves, valuable to their owers, whosecon-
dition, as slaves, could not be made better, and,
if liberated to-morrow, would be in a worse con-
dition; and it is proposed by the memorialists
whose petitions are before you, that the inhab-
itants of this District should forthwith yield up
this property, in order to gratify their mistaken
views of philanthropy,without having "prop-
erty in, or common interest with, or any attach-
ment to, this community;" and that,, too, with-
out paying any respect to that part of the Con-
stitution which declares that " no person shall be
deprived of property without due process of law,
nor shall private property be taken without just
compensation."
I have called the attention of the Senate to the
adjoining State of Maryland, from which I have
been deputed to a seat on this floor, because I
was an eye-witness to the excitement, the uneasi-
ness, and the painful apprehension; which but
too generally prevailed throughout that section of
the country during the last summer and autumn,
growing out of the events in one of the southern
States. If such occurrences would cause uneasi-
'ness now, what distress would they not produce
'were this District filled with forty or fifty thou-
sand freed negroes, and they stimulated to mad-
ness by the Abolitionists? Even at this time we
experience much annoyance from the agents of
the Abolitionists. They are prepared to furnish
"any amount of forged papers to any number of
slaves that may apply for them; those I have
seen, with all the forms of office attached to them.
The conduct of the Abolitionists may be sport to
them, but it is death to us; and, moreover, they
may rely on #, this course is well calculated to
defeat the very object they pretend to have in
view—the amelioration of the condition of the
slaves in this District.
1 agree with those, Mr. President, who have
preceded me, in expressing the belief that, if the
Abolitionists are determined to persevere in their
attempts upon the slaveholding States, it is high
time those States should be aroused to a sense of
their condition, and be prepared to resist firmly,
but calmly and legally, the dangers with which
they are beset, and that Congress should decide
at once how far they will go to secure to them
their just rights, and to check the Abolitionists in
their mad career.
Those dangers may be readily ascertained when
¡ we look at the means placed at the disposal of
the Abolitionists to accomplish their object and
annoy us. They officially inform us they have
a press exclusively employed to propagate their
views, to destroy our peace, disturb our repose,
and keep us in eternal apprehension; to take our
property from us without our consent, or render
it useless to us. Able and heartless writers, they
inform us, are to be constantly employed against
us. Every odious epithet is to be applied to us,
and our conduct is to be characterized by all the
disgusting coloring that a heated, a deluded, and
I distempered imagination can invent.
I Suitable matter is always to be in readiness for
, the press. The press is never to be idle, which
. operates like the irresistible screw, retains what
' power it has acquired to-day, and contends stren-
uously for more to-morrow. These Abolitionists
have also, we are informed by a recent publica-
tion oftheirs, an abundance of funds. Theiroffice
is in the great city of New York, the center of
communication from every part of our extensive
country; and they boast that they have upwards
of three hundred and fifty anti-slavery societies,
(the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Pres-
ton,] who is better informed upon the subject
than I am, puts them at five hundred,) and they
tell us that they bid defiance to any Post Office
regulations we can make—that they can evade
them all; and they have able and influential emis-
¡ saries constantly employed. This is a formidable
array of power to be brought to bear upon the
slaveholding States, and directed, tot , at a vul-
nerable point.                                 '
The press, itself, to bé directed  constantly
against us, unless timely rebutted, is truly for-
midable.    The annual expose to Congress by the
Executive Department of our Government, ex-
hibiting the unprecedented growth of the wealth,
happiness, and  prosperity Of thisf country, is
' rapidly uprooting the long-established prejudices
I of Europe, guarded as they have been by the re-
j spective Governments of that country; and if an
annual publication can achieve so much, what i
may not be apprehended from a press exclusively
¡ employed to accomplish a particukrohject, how-
i ever reprehensible or ill-judged it may be ?
•    If the hasty view I have taken of this dubject
I   is at all correct, it behooves*us, Mr. President, to
[ follow the example of the pure and patriotic men
II  who constituted the First Congress, and who de-
1 clared they had no power over this subject, and
' to give such a direction to it as will satisfy the
Abolitionists of their mistaken views, and secure
the slaveholding States in their just rights, and
restore to them their former repose.   Since 1790,
when the then Congress decided they had no
control over the subject Of slavery, Bo alteration
had taken place in our condition, except that the
foreign slave trade had been abolished, in which
the South had little or no participation, and this
District has been ceded to the General Govern-
ment, agreeably to the requisitions of the Con-
stitution, as the seat of the Federal Government,
under the reservations I have mentioned, and
i which never would have been ceded by the States
1 of Virginia and Maryland, if it could have been be-
, lieved at the time, that it ever would have proved
i the means of annoyance to them it is now threat-
1 ened to become.   The same Constitution which
justified the First Congress in expressly stating
they had no control over the subject of slavery,
is in full force, in every word and syllable, in
this District, and would, in my humble opinion,
justify our adopting the decision then made, as
applicable on the present occasion.
Far be it frbm me, Mr. President, to wish to
implicate our northern fellow-Citizens generally,
in the proceedings of the Abolitionists. 1- appre-
ciate too highly their good sense, theirpa'triotism,
and their devotion to the Union, to entertain such
an opinion of them. Moreover, it has been de-
nied on this floor, as well as elsewhere, and I give
full credit to their declarations.
I know the number of the Abolitionists is small
compared to those opposed to their financial con-
duct. Yet we are bound, in self-defense, not to
underrate their strength, not to underestimate
their influence, when we take into view the formi-
dable weapons of annoyance at their command.
The Abolitionists should leave the subject of
slavery to the people of the States, where the
Constitution has placed it. No one living with-
out the limits of any State, can justifiably inter-
fere with this subject within the State, nor will
they be permitted to do so.
It is from the enactments of each State that the
slave living within its limits must look for any
amelioration of his condition; and allow me to
assure you, Mr. President, that much has been
done in that way during the last twenty-five
years. In this District, the reliance of the slave
must be upon the foroe of public opinion, which
is strongly in his favor; and whenever slavery
shall cease in Maryland and Virginia, it will, as
a matter of course, cease to exist here, under the
influence of that public feeling I have alluded to,
and will be accomplished by tae inhabitants of
this place, free from the interference of persons
living five'hundred or a thousand miles off.
An honorable Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
■Prentiss,] whilst delivering his sentiments the
other day upon this subject, expressed the opinion,
that, when legislating for this District, we acted
as a local Legislature, and that Congress possessed
the power, in consequence of acting thus, to levy
a tax of such a character upon the slaves of this
District as would) from its amount, oblige their
owners to liberate them in preference to paying
the taS. I have a high respect for the intelli-
gence and legal attainments of the Senator from
Vermont, but presume he has not investigated
this part of his argument with his usual diligence,
otherwise he would have found that neither of
those questions was yet to be settled. They have
been heretofore fully discussed and solemnly
decided on by the Supreme Court in the cases of
Cohens vs. Virginia, and Lufborough vs. Blake.
i The power of Congress to exercise exclusive
jurisdiction over this District and other ceded
places, is conferred on that body as the Legisla-
ture of the1 Union, and cannot be exercised in any
other character. The reasoning of the court,
affirming that every act of Congress was a law of
the United States, and that Congress, in passing
it, acted as the Legislature of the Union, can best
be conveyed in its own language:
" In  enumerating the  powers of Congress,
• which is-made in the eighth section ef the first
• article, we find that of exercisin*exclusive legis-
• lation over such district as shall Becoipe the seat
• of Government.   This power, like all others
• which are specified, is conferred on Congress as
• the Legislature of the Union; for, strip them of
• that character, and they Would not possess it.
¡ ' In no other character can it be exercised. In
1 ' legislating for the District, they necessarily pre-
1 ' serve the charade* of the Legislature' of the
• Union; for it is in that-character alone that the
• Constitution ^confers on them this power of
^« exclusive  legislation.    This proposition  need
' not be enforced. The second clause of the sixth
' article declares that ' this Constitution, and the
' laws o'f the United States which shall be made
I«in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme law
' of the land.'  The clause which gives exclusive
• jurisdiction is unquestionably a part of the
' Constitution, and ás such binds all the United
« States."
Since Congress legislates in the samé form and
in the same character, in virtue of powers of
equal obligation conferred in the same instru-
ment, when exercising its exclusive powers of
legislation aS well as wttert' exe*eiefng those
which are limited, we must inquire whether there
be anything in the nature of this exclusive legis-
lation which necessarily confines the operation
of the law's made in virtue of this power to the
place with a view to which they are made. Con-
nected with the power to legislate within this
District is a similar power in forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, &c. Congress has a right to punish
murder irj a fort or other place within its exclu-
sive jurisdiction, but no general right to punish
murder committed within any of the Slates. In
the act for the punishment of crimes against the
United States, murder committed within a fort,
or any other place under the sole and exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States, is punished
with death; thus CongresB legislates in the same
act under its exclusive and its limited powers.
The act proceeds to direct that the body of the
