1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©liOBK.
22Í
24ts Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in tkt District of Columbia—Mr. Pmtoth
Senate.
ieally, you have no right to assail, or to permit
to be assailed, the domestic relations of a partic-
ular section of the country, which you are incapa-
ble of appreciating—of which you are necessarily
ignorant—which the Constitution puts beyond
your reach, and which a fair courtesy, it would
seem, should exempt from your discussion. It
exacts some patience in a southern man to sit
here and listen, day after day, to enumerations of
the demoralising ejects of his household arrange-
ments considered in the «Attract—to hear his con-
dition of life lamented over, and to see the cool-
ness with which it is proposed to admit petitioners
who assail, and vilify,and pity him, on the ground
that it would hurt their feelings if we do not listen
to them. We sit here and hear all this, and more
than this. We hear ourselves accused of being
agitators because we ask the question, is it the
pleasure of the Senate to hear those who thus
assail us? As yet, Mr. President, the incendiaries
are but at your door, demanding admittance, and
it is yet within your power to say to them that
they shall not throw their burning brands upon
this floor, or propágate the conflagration through
this Government. Before you'lend yourself to
their unhallowed purposes, I wish to say a word
or two upon the actual condition of the abolition
question; for I greatly fear, from what has trans-
pired here,that it is very insufficiently understood;
and that the drfnger of the emergency is by no
means estimated as it ought to be. God forbid
that I should permit any matter of temporary
interest or passion to enter into what I am about
to tell you of the real dangers which environ
us. My State has been assailed. Be it so. My
peculiar principles have been denounced. I sub-
mit to ft. Sarcasms, intended to be bitter, have
been uttered against us. Let them pass. I will
not permit myself to be disturbed by these things,
or, by retonnig them, throw any suspicion on
the temper in which I solemnly warn both sec-
tions of this Union of the impending dangers,
and exhort this Senate to do whatever becomes
its wisdom and patriotism under the circum-
stances. Let us not shut our eyes, sir, on our
condition. Some gentlemen have intimated that
there is a purpose to get up a panic. No; no,
sir, I have no such purpose. A panic on this
subject is a disaster. The stake is too great to
play for under a panic. In the presence of so
much danger as I solemnly believe exists, I would
rather steady every mind to the coldest contem-
plation of it, than endeavor tt> excite my own, or
the feelings of others, by adventitious stimulants.
If I over-estimate the magnitude of the dangers
which threaten us, it is in spite of myself, against
my wishes, and after the most deliberate consid-
eration.
-Look round  sir, on the circumstances under
which these numerous and daily-increasing peti-
tions are sent to us. They do not come as here-
tofore, singly and far apart, from die quiet routine
of the Society of Friends, or the obscure vanity
of some philanthropic club, but they are sent to
ns in vast numbers from soured and agitated
communities, pouned in upon us from the' over*
lowing of public sentiment, which everywhere,
ia all western Europe and eastern America has
been lashed into excitement on this subject.
Whoever has looked at the actual condition of
society must have perceived that the public mind
is not in its accustomed state of repose, but active
and stirred up and agitated beyond a  former
example. The bosom of society heaves with new
and violent emotions. The general pulse beats
stronger and quicker than at any period since the
access of the French Revolution. Public opinion
labors, like the priestess on her tripod, with the
prophecy of great events. lnGerinany, in France,
and in England, there is a great movement party
organized upon the spirit of the times^ whose tend 
ency is to overturn established institutions, and
remodel the organic forms of society? for whose
purposes the process of experiment is too slow,
and the action of reason too cold; whose infuri-
ated philanthropy goeth about seeking whom it
may devour. To these ethical or political enthtt-
siasts the remote and unsustained institution of
slavery offers at once a cheap and fruitful sub-
ject. Accordingly, it is known that the doctrin-
aire and put* milieu party of F«*nee. *• *■  *•
leading paper, the J*vrnál it* Debatí, «onduotei
with much ability, is devoted to the purposes of
abolitionism. The Due de Broglie, Prime Min-
ister of France, with St. Domingo before his eyes,
is president of an abolition society having in view
the manumission of the slaves in the French West
Indies.
But the state of feeling in England has a much
more direct influence upon us; and is, therefore,
of more important investigation. She exercises
a vast power over the public mind of this coun-
try, and especially of the-northeastern portion of
it. An intense and immediate sympathy binds
them together. The same literature, laws, and
language—to a certain extent the same political
institutions—are so bound up together, or rather
interwoven, by a vast and infinitely ramifled in-
tercourse, that the inhabitants of the northern
and middle States 'are more familiar with the
daily press of England than with that of their
own country south of the Potomac.
What, sir, is the condition of this slave ques-
tion in England? The English Parliament, not
only with the approbation, but at the instance of
the English people, has liberated the slaves of
the West Indies. The rights of individuals—the
public interest—the existence of the colonies—
could not arrest the torrent of public opinion: all
are swept away. A Government, laboring under
a load of public debt, and a people oppressed by
enormous taxation, have given $160,000,000 for
the abolition of slavery; have destroyed the most
eherished colonies, and trampled npon thfe rights
of private property. This is a lesson of terri-
ble admonition to us; and let not the history of
the progress of events in England be thrown
away. It is but forty or fifty years since that
the abolition of slavery was conceived in England
by  weak enthusiast in Parliament, and a clois-
tered scholar of Oxford, whose heated imagina-
tion was directed to this subject by accident, or
by that unseen bnt potent spirit of the times
which, pervading the general mass of intellect,
is at first known only by its effects upon indi-
vidual minds peculiarly adapted to its influences.
Wilberforce and Chtrkson were not attended to—•
neglected, despised: the planters lulled them-
selves into a fatal security. The politicians ad-
dressed them then as they do us now. The mem-
ber of Parliament gradually brought to his assist-
ance a small neutral party in politics—the scholar
poured his declamation from the press. The
great parties in Parliament courted" the neutrals;
the public ear became familiarized to the denun-
ciations of Clarkson. StiU the planters reposed
in security, and the politicians said: "There is
no danger."
The Edinburgh Review, in 1817, held* this lan-
guage:
" It is «career/ necessary to premise, that the advocates
for Hie abolition of the slave trade tnOst cordially reprobate
ail idea of emancipating the staves already in our planta-
tions. Such a scheme, indeed, is sufficiently answered by
the story of the galley slaves id Don Quixote, and we are
persuaded never bad any"place in the minds of those en-
lightened sad judicious persona who have contended in this
cause,"
Quoting this passage in 1819, Mr. Walsh, m
his Appeal, says:
" The most zealous of the English philanthropists have
pot carried their views so far, with respect to West India
slavery, as its immediate or speedy abolition."
And he adds:
'< So late as 1817, Loud Holland, one of the most devoted
amongst the associates of Mr. Wilberforce, moved in the
House of Peers, a petition to the Prince Regent, praying
(bat the idea of emancipating the slaves in the West Indies
might be disowned by royal proclamation throughout the
islands; winch vmm done accordingly."
And now, look to Jamaica'for the result. Look
too, sir, to the sway and dominion which thfe
principles and feelings of WaberTorce and Clark-
son have obtained over the whole public mind.
The daily press, the periodicals, works of polit-
ical economy and or fiction, the whole mass of
literature, ie filled'and reeking with abolitionism.
Every channel which feeds the public intelligence
is choked with it. Every topic which can arouse
attention or inflame the imagination, is perverted
into its service. Christendom is invoked to join
in the crusade. Abolition societies are multi-
plied, and nobles and commoners press into them
with equal zeal. Meetings are held, in which are
found together the proudest titles and-the starving
operatives.   The condition of th  Africana has
ceased to be matter of discussion, and is given;
up to declamation. Cant has been stimulated
into passion, and passion inflamed into fury. A
morbid sensibility has been roused for the African,
and has outrun the general excitement. A sort
of crevasse has broken from the main stream of
public excitement, and pours itself upon Africa.
With a strong perception of this feeling, O'Con-
nell exclaimed in the British Parliament, while
claiming its attention to the infinitely worse con-
dition of the Irish Catholics, «« Would to God
We were black."
The smartness of debate might reply to me,
that all this is the march of mind, the progress of
reason, before which the institutions of the South
must eventually give way. It rarely happens, sir,
that a fixed public opinion, properly so called,
manifests itself by such violence and fury as
characterize the proceedings of abolitionism, or
that the progress of reason is attended by such
contortions. Those who' assail us know nothing
of the institution which they denounce—nothing
Of its, complex and various character. They have
not seen it in its actual existence, are ignorant of
the facts about which they pretend'to reason, and
cannot comprehend the consequences of their pro-
ceedings.
But what is it to me or you, sir, sitting here
under the Constitution, whether it be the morcfc
of mina or of madness that is treading under foot
that instrument to get at. those institutions?
Whether' it be opinion or frenzy—whether it be
destiny or fashion, you have no right to decide
upon it, or to consider of it. We are neither a
college nor a chtb,'but a constitutional Assembly,
whose business it is to maintain the Constitution
and defend the rights it guaranties; and if is
equally our duty to do so whether public opinion
 r madness rules the hour. I protest against
your jurisdiction of any abstract proposition on
this or any other subject. My object is'fo rouse
this Senate, and, as far as I can be heard, these
States, to a just sense of the impending dangers;
and let me ask, sir, if this danger would be dimin-
ished by attributing these petitions to the dictates
of reason rather thari to theTavings of fanaticism ?
ClafrkSon and Wilberfbrce have done their
work! Ifow* many such men are now in the
field, now in this country, at our doors, Mr.
President, presSingbnto this work-of devastation
and massacre !' Let us look at the State of things;
in our own country, and at the moment of our
deliberations.
It is of the utmost consequence to both sections
of the Union that we make an accurate review of
our position. We should not resign our minds
to a stolid stoicism,-which awaits danger without
resorting to the meahs of avoiding it, or to that
counterfeit courage which sustains itself by un-
derrating the power of its assailant. Let us not
diminish the difficulties, that we may excuse our
impotence or indolence in overcoming them.'
The best way to avoid danger is to meet it plump. -
Mr. President, I thank gentlemen of the Senate
from non^slaveholding States for the very strong
assurances they have given us of their decided'
opposition to the purposes and practices of the-
Abolitionists. I receive^ their declarations with-
unhesitating confidence in their candor and un-
feigned gratitude; and I am firmly persuaded that
they, as well as many members from my own
section, suppose that the agitation is made by ti
few infatuated men, whose fro*y pMItüRflropy/
if not whipped «g by our diScussionSj will, in *
short time,subside.                                   ,   '    '
But I*teg to «all the attention of such, m the*
first place, to the avowals which have been made
by the Senators front Vermont. The honorable,
Senator, [Mr. Ptratmss,] with his characteristic
earnestness, and with the weight communicated
to everything he says, by the high estimate of
his worth and ability, and the known gravity of
his made of thinking, has informed us that amongst
these petitioners are men of as much worth and
patriotism as are td be found anywhere; and the
honorable gentleman himself vindicates the peti-
tioners by the authority Of his cooperation, when
he declares here in his place that Congress is
constitutionally endowed with the power of man-
umitting the slaves in this District, and that it is
expedient to e ercise this power. But a short
ante since the Legislature of-the State which the
