222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Preston.
Senate.
gentleman represents passed resolutions that the
matter of slavery ought not to be agitated. Now
the Senator thinks ¡¿"expedient to act. His col-
league, too, assures us that the progress of the
agitation in Vermont is greatly accelerated; that
seven societies have been recently organized in
one county; and that he hears of societies springing
up in quarters, remote neighborhoods, where he
had supposed that abolition had scarcely been
heard of.    Is there nothing in these facts?
Five hundred societies are now organized, and
in active operation, and daily increasing in num-
bers. Is there nothing in this ? In these wide-
spread associations, are there none but the weak
and base, a noisy and impotent rabble, which will
fret itself into exhaustion? Or are they com-
posed, as all such popular movements are, of a
mixed multitude of all those whom wild enthu-
siasm, mistaken piety, perverted benevolence,
and blind zeal, hurry and crowd together, to swell
the torrent of public enthusiasm, when it sets
strongly towards a favorite object? However
humbly I may think of the wisdom of these peo-
ple, I do place a high estimate upon their zeal and
enterprise. We have seen what these qualities
effected in England on this subject, and they are
not less efficacious here.. There is at this moment
in New York an association of twenty-five men
of wealtli and high standing, who, with a spirit
worthy of a better cause, have bound themselves
to contribute forty thousand dollars a year to the
propagation of abolition doctrines through the
Í ress. Five of these pay twenty thousand dol-
ara a year,and one one thousand dollars a month.
Such is the spirit, and such the means to sustain
it.
Again, I demand, sir, do these things indicate
nothing? The press is subsidized—societies for
mutual inflammation are formed—men, women,
and children join in the petitions—rostrums are
erected—itinerant lecturers pervade the land,
preaching up to nightly crowds a crusade against
slavery. The pulpit resounds with denunciations
of the sin of slavery, and infuriate zealots unfurl
the banner of the cross to the standard to which the
Abolitionist is to rally. The cause of anti-slavery
is made identical with religion, and men and
women are exhorted by all that they esteem holy,
by all the high and exciting obligations of duty to
man and to God, by all that can warm the heart
or inflame the imagination, to join in the pious
work of purging the sin of slavery from the land.
Gentlemen have told us of the array of the rev-
erend elergy on these petitions. Infatuated and
deluded men! In the name of charity, they lay
a scene of blood and massacre; in the blasphemed
name of the religion of peace they promote a civil
and servile war; they invoke liberty to prostrate
the only Government established for its preserva-
tion. But what voice can penetrate the deafness
of fanaticism ? It neither hears nor sees nor rea-
sons, but feels and burns and acts with a maniac
force.
Nor are the all-exciting topics of religion the
only sources from which this turbid and impetu-
ous stream is swollen. All the sympathies of the
American heart for liberty—the word itself has
a magic in it—achieved through war and revolu-
tion, are perverted into it. When the war-cry is
God and Liberty—when it is thundered from the
pulpit, and reechoed from the press, and caught
up and shouted forth by hundreds of societies,
until the whole land rings with it, shall we alone
not hear it, or hearing it, lay the flattering unction
to our souls that it portends nothing? Be not
deceived, I entreat gentlemen, in regard to the
power of the causes which are operating upon
the population oí the non-slaveholding States.
The public mind in those States has long been
prepared for the most favorable reception of the
influences now brought to bear upon it. It has
been lying fallow for the seed, which is now
sown broadcast. A deep anti-slavery feeling has
always existed in the northern and middle States;
it is inscribed upon their statute-books. Each,
in succession, impelled by this feeling, has abol-
ished slavery within its own jurisdiction; and
what has been effected there without, as yet,
any fatal consequences, unreflecting ignorance
will readily suppose may be effected everywhere
under all circumstances. The spirit of propa-
gandisrn is in proportion to the distance of the
object, and the ignorance of the propagandist.
Of the whole population of those States, ninety-
nine hundredths regard the institution with de- I
cided disapprobation; and scarcely a less propor- !
tion entertain some vague desire that it should
be abolished, in some way, at some time, and
believe that the time will come, and the mode be
devised. They believe that slavery is bad in the
abstract, and not incurable as it exists. The re-
moteness of it from themselves makes them at
once more ignorant of its actual condition, and
bolder in suggesting remedies. It is to such a
temper of mind that the inflammatory appeals I
have spoken of are addressed.
But there is still another element of power
scarcely less than either of those I have adverted
to, which the incendiaries will not be slow to avail
themselves of. Cast your eyes, sir, over the
States where they have already gained foothold,
and mark the eagerness and equality with which
two great political parties are struggling for as-
cendency. Animated by the utmost intenseness
of party spirit, and in the very height of a con-
test of life and death, they will be willing to
snatch such arms as fury may supply, and avail
themselves of such auxiliaries as chance may
offer. A third party, even were it less numerous
than the Abolitionists, occupying for a time a
neutral position, will of course be able to decide
the controversy. Each party will dread its ac-
cession to the other; and each may, perhaps in
turn, court its influence. Thus its consequence
is enhanced, and deriving strength from position,
it acquires a new principle of augmentation, until
it becomes sufficiently powerful to absorb one or
the other of the contending parties, and become
itself the principal in the controversy. Then are
added party spirit, political ambition, local inter-
ests; and with all this aggregation of strength
and power, think you, sir, that abolitionism, at
your next session, will pause at your door, wait-
ing to see if it be your pleasure to ask it in ? Even
now, sir, candidates for popular favor begin to
feel the influence of this new power. The very
fact of the reluctance which we all feel to agitate
this matter here bespeaks our fears of exasperat-
ing the strength which we instinctively know re-
sides,in the Abolitionists. Gentlemen say we
must tread softly lest we wake the giant; we
must not breathe upon the spark lest it burst into
ablaze; we must bow down before the coming
storm until it blows over, for fear that it will
prostrate us if we stand up; and while the policy
of such a course is urged we are told there is no
danger.
No gentleman will suppose that I take pleasure
in indicating the causes of growth, or the present
strength of the Abolitionists, or would willingly
exaggerate them.   It is not, I confess, without
the deepest apprehensions that  I  contemplate
them; but my chief fears arise from the supine-
ness with which they are regarded here, on both
sides of the House.    We iepose in a false and
fatal security.    I am amazed and dismayed at
the view which my friends have taken of these
matters.    I know well that their interest is ident-
ical with mine.    I know their honor and candor,
and most willingly would I indulge in their sooth-
ing hopes, if the deepest sense of the most im-
perious duty did not exact of me to call upon
them to awake to a sense of the danger, and be
prepared to meet it with a thorough comprehen-
sion of its import; and asamemberof the Senate
of the United States, I warn and exhort gentle-
men to take early and decided counsel as to what
is fit to be done.    The occasion concerns us all,
not perhaps in an equal degree, but it deeply con-
cerns all who feel, as I do, a profound veneration
for the Constitution, and an ardent love for the
Union.    I conjure the Senators from the non-
slaveholding States to approach this subject with
a steady regard and unfaltering step; to come to
the task at once, before it is too late; to interpose
all the authority of this Government between the
incendiaries and their fatal purposes; and  to
pledge the moral weight of their individual char-
acters against it,
I heartily approve the sentiments which have
been generally avowed in the Senate, and appre-
ciate the patriotic feelings which gentlemen have
expressed in regard to the Abolitionists. I have
read, with unfeigned pleasure, the wise commu-
nication of the Governor of New York to his
Legislature, and am gratified to believe that there
is a mass of intelligence and worth in that great
State, as well as in others of the northern and
middle States, which deeply disapproves these
proceedings. But what I fear is, that neither
here nor elsewhere is there a sufficient perception
of the imminence of the danger, or the potency
and permanency of those causes which create it.
Even honorable gentlemen from the South, who
have all at stake, around whose hearths, and in
whose bed-chambers, the cry of thousands is
invoking murder, in the name of God and liberty—
with the example of Jamaica and St. Domingo
before them, even they are not sufficiently aroused
to the emergency. I entreat them to awake; 1
invoke gentlemen from all quarters, of all parties,
to unite at once, to combine here, in the adoption
of the strongest measures of which this Govern-
ment is capable, and thus to enter into mutual
pledges to oppose, by all possible means, and to
the last extremity, the destructive and extermin-
ating doctrines of these terrible incendiaries.
Signalize y.our opposition by the most decided
action. Stamp their nefarious propositions with
unqualified reprobation. Throw the whole au-
thority of this Government against them. Pledge
the authority of each Senator in his own State.
Say to the Abolitionists that this Government
will in no event be made an instrument in your
hands. Say to the South that this pestilential
stream shall not be poured upon you through
these Halls. Give us the strongest measures.
If you cannot adopt the proposition of my col-
league, let us know what you can do. The matters
before us are of the deepest consequence, and it
may, perhaps, not be within the competence of
this Government to effect an entire remedy of the
evil. Something, however, can be done; you
may, at least, save yourselves from becoming
either passively or actively accessory to the result.
Erect yourselves into a barrier between the op-
posing sections.    Save the Union if you can.
If things.go much further, you may find this
no easy matter. Recent experience has, thank
God, demonstrated that this Government is not
strong enough to produce disunion. Will it be
strong enough to prevent it if proceedi gs go on
which inevitably make two people of us, warring
on a question which on the one side involves ex-
istence, and on the other arrays all the fury ot
fanaticism? Think you, sir, that if you have
not the spirit or power to trample out the brand
that is thrown amongst us, you can yet bring
help when the whole land is wrapped in confla-
gration? If, however, in your judgment it is not
competent or expedient to act decisively, tell us
so. Let us know what you can or will do, and
we will consider it, and bring to the consideration
of it a candid and conciliatory temper, anxious
to find safety for the Constitution in your meas-
ures. Our own safety is in our own keeping. I
will not more than allude to it, for fear of mis-
construction; but while with the most painful
emotions I have adverted to the dangers of our
situation, while with the most profound solicitude
I entreat the Senate to guard against them, I know
that the South has the power and the will to vin-
dicate its rights and protect itself. Even if it
were destitute of the high spirit which charac-
terizes it; if it were without the resources which
abound there, it would be forced into a position
of self-defense by the inexorable necessities of
self-preservation. The South has drawn deep
lessons-of instruction from the colonial history
of France and England. St. Domingo and Ja-
maica were colonies subject to the dominion of a
foreign Power, and perished because they were
colonies. Theirdisastrous history is not recorded
¡ in vain. I will not pursue this topic. I am here
a member of the Senate of the United States,
impressed with a sense of my federal duties, and,
in discharge of them, have felt myself compelled
to state my conception of the perilous circum-
stances in which we are; because I fear there is
a fatal misconception in regard to them. It is
possible, sir, that I may have conceived them too
strongly. I wish it may turn out so. It is erring
on the safe side to magnify the strength of the
enemy, if you intend to encounter him with forti-
tude and just preparation. Many friends near
me see nothing on the horizon but a floating cloud,
