1836.]                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       329
24thCong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Calhoun.
SeKaTE.
which the summer breeze will drive away. I see,
or think I see, the gathering of a tempest sur-
charged with all the elements of devastation. If
they be right, it is happy for us all; but if they
be wrong, and I right, and the blessed moments
of preparation are thrown away until the storm
bursts, they incur an awful responsibility.
Mr. President, I have troubled you with great
reluctance. It is very painful to me to hear these
matters debated here. The presentation of these
petitions forces the subject upon us; but it ia
every way disagreeable. I trust the Senate will
bring the unprofitable debate toa speedy termin-
ation by a prompt and efficient discharge of its
high duties; and for one I shall be silent until it
aots.             ___________________
SLAVERY IN THE DISTEICT OF OXJLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. J. C. CALHOUN,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,'
In the Senate, JHarck 9,1836.
The question of receiving the Petitions from Pennsylva-
Bia for the Abolition of Slavery in the District of Columbia
being under consideration—
Mr. CALHOUN said: If we may judge from
what has been said, the mind of the Senate is
fully made up on the subject of these petitions.
With the exception of the two Senators from
Vermont, [Messrs. Prentiss and Swift,] all
who have spoken have avowed their conviction,
not only that they containnothing requiring the
action of the Senate, but that the petitions are
highly mischievous, as tending to agitate and
distract the country and to endanger the Union
itself. With these concessions I may fairly ask,
why should these petitions be received? Why
receive, when we have made up our mind not to
act? Why idly waste our time and lower oui
dignity in the useless ceremony of receiving to
reject, as is proposed, should the petitions be
received? Why finally receive what all acknowl-
edge to be highly dangerous and mischievous?
But ene reason has been, or can be, assigned—
that not to receive would be a violation of the
tight of petition, and, of course, that we are bound
to receive, however objectionable and dangerous
the petitions may be. If such be the fact, there
is an end to Urn question. As great as would be
the advantage to the Abolitionists, if we are bound
to receive—if it would be a violation of the right
of petition not to receive, we must acquiesce. On
the other hand, if it shall be shown, not only
that we are not bound to receive, but that to re-
ceive on the ground on.which it has been placed
would sacrifice the constitutional rights of this
body would yield to the Abolitionists all they
could hope at this time, and would surrender all
the outworks by which the slaveholding States
ean defend their rights and property here, then
• unanimous rejection of these petitions ought of
right to follow.
The decision, then, of the question now before
the Senate is reduced to the single point: " Are
we bound to receive these petitions? or, to vary
the form of the question, " Would it be a viola-
tion of the right of petition not to receive them?"
When the ground was first taken, that it would
be a violation, I could scarcely persuade myself
that those who took it were in earnest, so con-
trary was it to all my conceptions of the rights
of this body, and the provisions of the Constitu-
tion; but finding 'it so earnestly maintained, I
have since carefully investigated the subject, and
the result has been a confirmation of my first im-
pression, and a eonvietion that the claim of right
is without shadow of foundation., The ques-
tion, I must say, has not been fairly met. Those
opposed to the side which we support have dis-
cussed the question as if we denied the right of
petition, when they could not but know that the
true issue is not as to the existence of the right,
which is acknowledged by all, but its extent and
Umtt, which not one of our opponents has so
much as attempted to ascertain. What they have
declined doing I undertake to perform.
There must be some point, all will agree,
where die right of petition ends, and that of
this body begins.  Where is that point?   I hare
examined this question carefully, and I assert
boldly, without the least fear of refutation, that,
stretched to the utmost, the right cannot be ex-
tended beyond the presentation of a petition, at
which point the rights of this body commence.
When a petition is presented, it is before the
Senate. It must then be acted on. Some dispo-
sition must be made of it before the Senate can
proceed to the consideration of any other subject.
This no one will deny. With the action of the
Senate its rights commence—rights secured by
aa express provision of the Constitution, which
vests each House with the right of regulating its
own proceedings; that is, to determine, by fixed
' rules, the order and" form of its action. To ex-
1 tend the right of petition beyond presentation is
! clearly to extend it'beyond that point, where the
action of the Senate commences; and, as such,
is a manifest violation of its constitutional rights.
1 Here, then,we have the limits between the right
of petition and the right of the Senate to regulate
its proceedings clearly fixed; and so perfectly
defined, as not to admit of mistake; and I would
add, of controversy, had it not been questioned
in this discussion.
If what I have asserted required confirmation,
amplemightbe found in our rules, which embody
the deliberate sense of the Senate on this point,
from the commencement of the Government to
this day. Among them the Senate has prescribed
that of its proceedings on the presentation of
rititions/   It is contained in the 34th rule, which
ask the Secretary to read, with Mr. Jefferson's
remarks in reference to it:
"Before any petition or memorial addressed to the Sen-
ate shall be receiderf, and read M the table, whether the same
Bhall be introduced by the Presideut or a member, a brief 1
statement of the contents of the petition or memorial shall |
verbally be made by the introducer."—üuíe 24.
Mr. Jefferson's remarks:                                  ¡
" Reguimrhi a motion for receiving it mutt be maic amd
Kcaniti; and a -fuestien jut whether it thall be received;
but aery frost the House of ' receive,' or even a silence,
dispenses with the formality of the question."                   j
i-Here we have a confirmation of all I have as- [
serted. It clearly proves that, when a petition is j
presented, the action of the Senate commences.
The first act is to receive the petition. Received
by whom ? Not the Secretary, but the Senate;
And how can it be received by the Senate, but on
a motion to receive, and a vate of a majority of
the body ? And Mr. Jefferson accordingly tells
ua that regularly such a motion must be made
and seconded. On this question, then, the right
of the Senate begins, and its right is as perfect
and full to receive or reject, as it is to adopt or
reject any other question, in any subsequent stage
of its proceedings. When I add, that this rule
was adopted as far back as the 19th of April,
1789, at the first session of the Senate, and that
it has been retained, without alteration,in all the
subsequent change* and modifications of the rules,
we have the strongest evidence of the deliberate
sense of this body, m reference to the paint under
consideration.     '
I feel that I might here terminate the discus-
sion, i have- shown conclusively that the right
of petition cannot possibly be extended beyond
presentation. At that point it is met by the
rights of the Senate; and it follows, as a neces-
sary consequence, that, so far from being bound
to receive these petitions, so far would a rejection
be from violating the right of petition, were it left
perfectly free to reject or receive at pleasure; to
deprive us of which would violate the rights of
this body secured by the Constitution.
But, on a question of such magnitude, I feel it
to be a duty to remove every difficulty; and that
not a shadow of a doubt may remata, I shall not
proceed to reply to the objections our opponents
have made to the grounds I have taken. At the
head of these, it has been urged, again and again,'
that petitioners have a right to be heard, and that
not to receive petitions is to refuse a hearing. It
is to be regretted that throughout this discussion,
those opposed to us have dealt in such vague
generalities, and ventured assertions with so little
attention to facts. Why have they not informed
us, in the present instance, what is meant by the
right to be heard, and how that right is violated
by a refusal to receive ? Had they thought proper
to gire ua this information, it would at least have
greatly facilitated my reply; but, as it is, I am
constrained to inquire into the different senses in
which the assertion maybe taken,and then to
show that in not one of them is the right of peti-
tion in the slightest degree infringed by a refusal
to receive.
What, then, is meant by the assertion that
¡ these petitioners have a right to be heard ? Is it
meant that they have a right to appear in the
Senate Chamber in person to present their peti-
tion, and to be heard in its defense? If thin be
the meaning, the dullest apprehension must sec
that the question on receiving has not the slightest
bearing on such right. If they have the right to
be heard personally at our bar, it is not the 24tU
rule of our proceedings, but the 19th, which
violates that right. That rule<expressly provides
that a motion to admit any person whatever
within the doors of the Senate to present a peti->
tion, shall be out of order, and of course excludes
the petitioners from being-heard in person. But
it may be meant that petitioners have a right to
have their petitions presented to the Senate, and
read in their hearing. If this be the meaning, the
right has been enjoyed in the present instance to
the fullest extent. The petition was presented by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,]
in the usual mode, by giving a statement of its
contents, and, on my call, was read by the Secre-
tary at his table.
i But one more sense can be attached to the as-
sertion/ It may be meant that the petitioners
have a right to have their petitions discussed by
the Senate. If this be intended, I will venture to
say' that there never wasotn assertion more di-
rectly ia the teeth of facts than that which has
been so frequently made in the course of this dis-
cussion—that to refuse to receive the petition ia
to refuse a hearing to the petitioners. Has not
this question been before us for months? Has
not the petition been discussed day after dayr
fully and freely, in all its bearings? And how,
with these facts before us—with the debates still
ringing in our ears, any Senator can rise in his
place, and gravely pronounce that to refuse to
receive this petition is to refuse a hearing to the
petitioners—to refuse discussion, in the broadest
sense, is past my comprehension. Our oppo-
nents, as if in their eagerness to circumscribe the
rights of the Senate, and to enlarge those of the
Aoolitjonists—for such must be the effect of their
course—have closed their senses against facts
passing before their eyes; and have entirely over-
looked the nature of the question now before the
Senate, and which they have been so long dis-
cussing.
The question on receiving the petition toot only
admits discussion, but admits it in the most ample
manner; more so, in fact, than any other, except
the final question on the rejection of the prayer
of the petition, or some tantamount question.
Whatever may go to show that the petition is or
is not deserving the action of this body may be
freely urged for or against it, as has been done,
on the present occasion. In this respect there is
a striking difference between it and many of the^
subsequent questions which may be raised after
reception, and particularly the one made by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Gründt,] who
now is so strenuous an advocate in favor of the
right of the petitioners to be heard. He spoke
with great apparent complacency of his course,
as it respects another of these petitions. And
what was that course ? He who is now so eager
for discussion—to give a hearing, moved to lay
the petition on the table—a motion wfcich outs
off all discussion.
But, it may be asked, if the question on receiv-
ing petitions admits of so wide- a acope for dis-
cussion, why not receive thiapetítion,and discuss
it at some subsequent stage ? Why not receive,
in order to reject its prayer, as proposed by the'
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,)
instead of rejecting the petition itself on the ques-
tion of receiving, as we propose? What is tha
difference between the two ?      i
I do not intend, at this stage, to compare or
rather to contrast the two courses, for they admit
of no comparison. My object, at present, is to
establish, beyond the possibility of doubt, that
we are not bound to receive these petitions; and
when that ia accomplished, I will then show the
