1836.]
APPEND^ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
<• Those who voted in the negative are—
«Messrs. Bibb, Black, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing,
Frelinghureen. Kent, Leish, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbing, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard. Spragu , SwiO, Tomlinson, Waggaman, and Web-
ster.''
In citing this case.it is not my intention to call
in question the consistency of any member on
this floor; it would be unworthy of the occasion.
I doubt not the vote then given was given from a
full conviction of its correctness, as it will doubt-
less be in the present case, on whatever side it
may be found. My object is to show that the
principle for which I contend, so far from being
opposed, is sustained by precedents, here and
elsewhere, ancient and modern.
In following, as I have, those opposed to me,
to Magna Charta and the Declaration of Rights,
for the origin and the limits of the right óf peti-
tion, I am not disposed, with them, to set aside
the Constitution. I assent to the position they
assume, that the right of petition existed before
the Constitution, and that it is not derived from
it; but while I look beyond that instrument for
the right, I hold the Constitution, on a ques-
tion as to its extent and limits, to be the highest
authority. The first amended article of the Con-
stitution, which provides that Congress shall pass
no law to prevent the people from peaceably as-
embling and petitioning for a redress of griev-
ances, was clearly intended to prescribe the limits
within which the right might be exercised. It is
not pretended that to refuse to receive petitions,
touches, in the slightest degree, on these limits.
To suppose that the framers of the Constitution
—no, not the framers, but those jealous patriots
who were not satisfied with that instrument as it
came from the hands of the framers, and who
proposed this very provision to guard what they
considered a sacred right—performed their task
so bunglingly as to omit any essential guard,
would be to do great injustice to the memory of
those stem and sagacious men; and yet this is
■what the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Grundy]
Las ventured to assert. He said that no provision
was added to guard against the rejection of peti-
tions, because the obligation to receive was con-
sidered so clear that it was deemed unnecessary;
when he ought to have known that, according
to the standing practice at that time, Parliament
was in the constant habit, as has been shown,
of refusing to receive petitions—a practice which
could not have been unknown to the authors of
the amendment; and from which it may be fairly
inferred that, in omitting to provide that peti-
tions should be received, it was not intented to
comprehend their reception in the right of peti-
tion.
I have now, I trust, established beyond all con-
troversy that we are not bound to receive these
petitions; and that if we should reject them, we
would not in the slightest degree infringe the right
of petition. It is now time to look to the rights
of this body, and to see whether, if we should
receive them—when it is acknowledged that the
only reason for receiving is that we are bound to
do so—we would not establish a principle which
would trench deeply on the rights of- the Senate.
I have already shown that where the action! of
the Senate commences, there also its right to de-
termine how and when it shall act, also, com-
mences. I have also shown that the action of
the Senate necessarily begins on the presentation
of a petition; that the petition is then before the
body; that the Senate cannot proceed to other
business without making some disposition of it;
and that, by the 24th rule, the first action after
presentation is on a question to receive the peti-
tion. To extend the right of petition to the ques-
tion _ on receiving, is to expunge this rule — to
abolish this unquestionable constitutional right
of the Senate, and that for the benefit, in this
case, of the Abolitionists. Their gain would be
at the loss of this.body. I have not expressed
myself too strongly. Give the right of petition
the extent contended for; decide that we are
bound, under the Constitution, to receive these
incendiary petitions, and the very motion before
the Senate would be out of order. If the Con-
stitution makes it our duty to receive, we would
have no discretion left to reject, as the motion
presupposes.   Oar rules of proceeding must be
No. 15
in accordance with the Constitution. Thus, in
the case of received bills, which by the Consti-
tution must originate in the other House, it would
be out of order to introduce them here, and it has
accordingly been so decided. For like reason, if
we are bound to receive petitions, the present mo-
tion would be out of order; and if such be your
opinion, it is your duty, as the presiding officer,
to call me to order, and to arrest all further dis-
cussion on the question of reception. Let us
now turn our eyes for a moment to the nature of
the right which, I fear, we are about to abandon,
with the view to ascertain what must be the con-
sequence if we should surrender it.
Of all the rights belonging to a deliberative
body I know of none more universal, or more
indispensable to a proper performance of its func-
tions, than the ri ht to determine at its discretion
what it shall receive, over what it shall extend its
jurisdiction; and to what it shall direct its delib-
eration and action. It is the first and universal
law of all such bodies, and extends not only to
petitions, but to reports, to bills, and resolutions,
varied only in the two latter in the form of the
question. It may be compared to the function in
the animal economy, with which all living crea-
tures are endowed, of selecting, through the in-
stinct of taste, what to receive or reject, on which
the preservation of their existence depends. De-
prive them of this function, and the poisonous,
as well as the wholesome, would be indifferently
received into their system. So with deliberative
bodies; deprive them of the essential and primary
right to determine at their pleasure what to receive
or reject, and they would become the passive re-
ceptacle, indiiferently, of all that is frivolous,
absurd, unconstitutional, immoral, and impious,
as well as what may properly demand their delib-
eration and action. Establish this monstrous—
this impious principle, (as it would prove to be
in practice,) and what must be the consequence ?
To what would we commit ourselves! If a peti-
tion should be presented praying the abolition of
the Constitution, (which we are all bound by our
oaths to protect,) according to this abominable
doctrine it must be received: bo, if it was prayed,
the abolition of the Decalogue or of the Bible it-
self. I go further. If the abolition societies
should be converted into a body of atheists, and
should ask the passage of a law denying the ex-
istence of the Almighty Being above, the Creator
of all, according to this blasphemous doctrine we
would be bound to receive the petition—to take
jurisdiction of it. I ask the Senators from Ten-
nessee and Pennsylvania, [Messrs. Grcndv and
Buchanan,] would they vote to receive such a
petition ? I await not an answer. They would
instantly reject it with loathing. What, then,
becomes of the unlimited, unqualified, and uni-
versal obligation to receive petitions which they
so strenuously maintained, and to which they
are prepared to sacrifice the constitutional rights
of this body ?
I shall now descend from these hypothetical
cases to the particular question before the Senate.
What, then, must be the consequences of re-
ceiving this petition, on the principle that we are
bound to receive it, and all similar petitions,
whenever presented? I have considered this
question calmly, in all its bearings, and do not
hesitate to pronounce that to receive would be to
yield to the Abolitionists all that the most san-
guine could for the present hope, and to abandon
all the outworks upon which we of the South
rely for our defense against their attacks here.
No one can believe that the fanatics who have
flooded this and the other House with their peti-
tions entertain the slightest hope that Congress
would pass a law at this time to abolish slavery in
this District. Infatuated as they are, they must
see that public opinion at the North is not yet
prepared for so decisive a step, and that seriously
to attempt it, now would be fatal to their cause.
What, then, do they hope ? What but that Con-
gress should take jurisdiction of the subject of
abolishing slavery — should throw open to the
Abolitionists the halls of legislation, and enable
them to establish a permanent position within
their walls, from which hereafter to carry on their
operations against the institutions of the slave-
holding States.   If we receive this petition, all
these advantages will be realized to them to the
fullest extent. Permanent jurisdiction would be
assumed over the subject of slavery, not only in
this District, but in the States themselves, when-
ever the Abolitionists might choose to ask Con-
gress, by sending their petitions here, for the
abolition of slavery'in the States. We would be
bound to receive such petitions, and, by receiving,
would be fairly pledged to deliberate and decide
on them. Having succeeded in this point, a most
favorable position would be gained. The center
of operations would be transferred from Nassau
Hall to the Halls of Congress. To this common
center the incendiary publications of the Aboli-
tionists would flow, in the form of petitions, to be
received and preserved among the public records.
Here the subject of abolition would be agitated,
session after session, and from hence the assaults
on the property and institutions of the people
of the slaveholding States would be dissemi-
nated, in the guise of speeches, over the whole
Union.
Such would be the advantages yielded to the
Abolitionists. In proportion to their gain would
be our loss. What would be yielded to them
would be taken from us. Our true position, that
which is indispensable to our defense here, is that
Congress has no legitimate jurisdiction over the
subject of slavery, either here or elsewhere. The
reception of this petition surrenders this com-
manding position; yields the question of juris-
diction, so important to the cause of abolition,
and so injurious to us; compels us to sit in silence
to witness the assaults on our character and insti-
tutions, or to engage in an endless contest in their
defense. Such a contest is beyond mortal endur-
ance. We must, in the end, be humbled, de-
graded, broken down, and worn out.
The Senators from the slaveholding States, who
most unfortunately have committed themselves
to vote for receiving these incendiary petitions,
tell us that whenever the attempt shall be made
to abolish slavery, they will join with us to repel
it. I doubt not the sincerity of their declaration.
We all have a common interest, and they cannot
betray ours, without betraying, at the same time,
their own. But I announce to them that they are
novo called on to redeem their pledge. TAe attempt
is now making. The work is going on daily and
hourly. The war is waged, not only in the most
dangerous manner, but in the only manner it can
be waged. Do they expect that the Abolitionists
will resort to arms, and commence a crusade to
liberate our slaves by force ? Is this what they
mean when they speak of the attempt to abolish
slavery ? If so, let me tell our friends of the South
who differ from us, that the war which the Aboli-
tionists wage against us is of a very different
character, and far more effective. It is a war of
religious and political fanaticism, mingled on the
part of the leaders with ambition and the love of
notoriety, and waged not against our lives, but
our character. The object is to humble and debase
us in our own estimation, and that of the world
in general; to blast our reputation, while they
overthrow our domestic institutions. This is the
mode in which they are attempting abolition, with
such ample means and untiring industry-, and
tuno is the time for all who are opposed to them to
meet the attack. How can it be successfully met?
This is the important question. There is but one
way; we must meet the enemy oh the frontier;
on the question of receiving; we must secure
that important pass—it is ourThermopytee. The!
power of resistance, by a universal law of nature,
is on the exterior. Break through the shell, pen-
etrate the crust, and there is no resistance within.
In the present contest, the question on receiving
constitutes our frontier. It is the first, the ex-
terior, question, that covers and protects all the
others. Let it be penetrated by receiving this
petition, and not a point of resistance can be
found within, as far as this Government is con-
cerned. If we cannot maintain ourselves there,
we cannot on any interior position. Of all the
questions that can be raised, there is not one
on which we can rally on ground more tenable
for ourselves, or more untenable for our oppo-
nents, not excepting the ultimate question of abo-
lition in the States; for our right to reject this
petition is a truth asolear and unquestionable aa
