228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Tfiompson.
Ho. of Reps.
to receive them; that the relation of the South I
ami West to the North is to be forever that of
tnbute-pavers—of trunite-reeeivers—of colonies
to a in 'titer country—sv, sir, to a step-mother
country, ami that tins is our irreversible destiny,
th* result of causes, inherent, permanent, you
Kn\e rot on'v started the strands of the Union,
vou hive disolved it. Su, n union of States
such as ours, like the relation of private friend-
ship, to be honorable or lasting must be one of
the most perfect, the proudest equality. The mo-
ment you announce that we of the South and
West must pay in dollars and cents for the honor
and advantages which we derive from this Uuion,
the honor of being day after day denounced in
the Hall appropriated to our common legislation
as robbers and land-pirates, and the advantage of
paying one fourth of our income as tribute to
another section, you announce that this Govern-
ment is one which no man from the South or
West could desire to perpetuate, but one who
was born to be a slave, and deserves his destiny.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that these are un-
welcome truths. I know, sir, that any allusion
to these topics is not very graciously received,
coming from one of that calumniated party to
which it is my pride to belong; but, sir, they are
truths which every consideration of duty compels
me to utter. The attachment, sir, of the whole
South to this Union is a wise, deep, and abiding
attachment.    It is one of the first articles of our
f)ohtical faith, not the very first; no, sir, we prize
iberty more. It is a matter of political religion,
almost superstition. It is an affair of combined
principle and sentiment; one of those subjects in
which all the colder calculations of the head are
Suickened and invigorated by all the impulses of
ae heart.
In the general, it is true, that when money is
once brought into the Treasury, it belongs to the
whole country, and too strict an inquiry should
not be instituted whence it comes; but when such
a monstrous inequality of dlsbursement is discov-
ered, the inquiry is natural, where is this money
levied5    A plain, hor.est man would naturally
suppose that, of course, it came chiefly from the
region upon which it is so lavishly, so profusely
disbursed.    Let us make this inquiry, and ac-
cording to the result will this seeming and most
revolting enormity be mitigated or aggravated.
Is it, can it be true that this favored region, which
receives at the rate of at least forty to one in
comparison with the rest of the country, does not
pay more, does not pay as much, does not even
pay one third as much, as its fair proportion of
the public revenues?    How, sir, is our revenue
raised?   First, by duties on imports.   How is it
that the foreign merchandise is brought to us
upon which these duties are paid?    Because we
can pay for it.  Let our ability to pay cease, and
it will cease to come.   Credit between nations,
which is only an aggregate of the credit of indi-
viduals, cannot outlast the ability to pay.    In
what is this foreign merchandise paid for?   In
the rice, cotton, and tobacco of the South and
West.   Abstract these, and can the commerce
continue?   The northern section of our country
has nothing, in comparison, which will serve the
purposes of foreign exchanges.    The people of
that region have often declared that they cannot
contend, even in our own markets, without dis-
criminating duties.    How could they meet, on
even disadvantageous terms, foreign competition ?
I may be told that much of this money is col-
lected at the North.    New York, for instance.
It is collected there, but it does not follow that
the tax is levied there.  People are generally very
willing to relinquish the privilege of being taxea.
Would New York give up the privilege of this
collection, and all its incidents?   No, sir.    It is
the profits which that city has received from the
transit of southern staples and European goods
which has mainly contributed to building up that
modern Tyre—that city of commercial noblemen.
I may be told that the consumer pays the duty;
and therefore that the people of the North pay as
much as we do. Admit that argument to be true,
is it not manifest that, whilst that section (as a
section, I speak not of individuals) pays with
one hand as a consumer, it receives back with
the other, under the protection of the tariff, more
than it pays; whilst to us it is uncompensated
taxation' No wise statesman ever considered
tins question but as involving the compound con-
sideration of taxation and disbursement. It is
not \tty mateual, in agential point of view, how
lililí the taxes of a count]y aie, if they are dis-
buised in the same region where they are lewcd.
They will diffuse themselves thiough the whole
system. It is the blood of the social system,
«Inch, if in the foot at one moment, is in the
head the next, but take a from the aim, and fee-
bleness follows. Sir, the heait of tins system is
at the South, whence the blood gushes out at
those great ventíleles — Chai lesion, Savannah,
Mobile, and New Oileans. It flows out through
the arteries, but letuins through the veins. The
South, sir, is the well-spring, deep, abundant;
the North the reservoir; this Government the
machinery by which the water is raised in one
section, and deposited in another. We only
know our Government as a tax-gatherer; the
North by its bounties and beneficence. It comes
to us in exaction; it visits the North, as it did
Jupiter Danae, in a shower of gold. It comes to
us in absorption; to the North in fertilizing
showers. If we have it even ill dew, it is not
in Us refreshing quality, but only in the gentle-
ness of us fall.
The oüier gieát source of revenue, and destined
to be equal, at least, to the fiisr, is the public
lands—a revenue derived exclusively from the
South and West. Can the AVest—the youthful
and comparatively poor, but gallant and patriotic
West—which pays a large portion of the taxes
on imports, both as consumers and producers,
bear this eternal depletion—this tide that knows
no reflux' It is estimated that there will next
year be abstracted from that section twenty-five
millions; with the Cumberland road, and every
other appropriation, you will not return two.
Can any country long endure this? Will any
people, who deserve to be free, long endure it'
I feel the responsibility of developing and com-
menting on these facts. We are told that, in the
third or fourth century, a bishop was expelled
from Ins diocese for revealing to others than the
r nests and catechumens, certain mysteries of his
religion; but as I do not like mysteries or secrets,
either in religion or politics, I do not hesitate in
the discharge of what I regard my duty. For a
different course I might, perhaps, receive a com-
pliment to my liberality, which I should regard
as purchased by the sacrifice of the sacred obli-
gations of duty and fidelity to those who sent me
here.
Is this state of things beyond the reach of rem-
edy ?    He is the worst enemy of this Union who
shall say so—he its best friend who shall prove
the opposite.    It is to a certain extent true that
the southern and gulf coast does not afford as
many harbors fit for navy-yards, and requiring
to be fortified as the northern coast; but it does
afford some three or four, and they, I apprehend,
are infinitely strengthened in their claims by the
smallness of their number.   The charge will be
so much the less, whilst their importance in time
, of war, both to ourselves or to an enemy, will be
increased.    Charleston, Port Royal, and Bruns-
| wick present admirable positions for navy-yards,
with every possible advantage, and bars already
deep enough for sloops and frigates, and capable
of being deepened to any required extent—a pro-
cess which it has been demonstrated at Ocracoke
and Nantucket is not only practicable but easy.
But, sir, there is another point—Pensaeola, whose
importance I do not think I magnify when I say
that it is greater than that of New York itself,
and as great as all the other points put together !
Itistheonlypointonthegulfwheretheshipofany
enemy can lie in safety, and literally commands
, the whole of the commerce of the vast valley of
the Mississippi—a country equal to eight tenths
[ of the United States.    What are the objects in
selecting sites for navy-yards and maritime forti-
fications?   To secure a place of refuge, supplies,
and repairs; to protect the avenues of interior
commerce.    To keep out of the hands of an
j enemy a strong position.   As to the first, it is a
roadstead in which half the navy of England can
ride with perfect safety.   As to the two last, what
point so important?   Suppose an enemy in pos-
session of New York, the great city of New
York, howsmall is the country absolutely depend-
ent, and which could not find some other outht?
Let an enemy have possession of the debouche
of the Mississippi, and you block up the ttadc of
eight tenths of the Union, tin  whole of that vast
valley, in comparison with wlnih Egypt is but a
paulen spot—a commerce, going and n turning, of
name than one hundred and twenty millions annu-
ally, and involving the interests of such a vast ex-
tent of oui country, fiom the trapper of the fro-
zen foiests of the Hooky Mountains, to the owner
of the pi nicely sugar estate on the banks of the
Mississippi, almost within the tropics. A safe
harbor for an enemy—a place of refuge for rtpairs
and for supplies unsurpassed by any in the woild
—and as a point from which to harass an enemy,
when engaged in war, " that unprofitable contest
which should do the other most harm," it is more
important than all the other naval places put to-
gether. Near what other point on our coast has
any foreign nation islands or harbors? Here the
West Indies are almost within a stone's throw.
In the lately apprehended contest with France,
at what point was it expected that the blow would
be struck? At the North, where millions have
been expended ' No, sir, but upon this tempt-
ing, vulnerable, and neglected point. One would
naturally suppose that this place not only pos-
sessed no advantages, but was absolutely inca-
pable of being made a naval station. Is this so ?
Who knows? The roast survey,as reported by
the Secrrtaiy of the Navy, has not extended to
our coast; it has been confined to this consecrated
section. Why has not the southern and gulf
frontier been explored ? The very first triangu-
laron has yet to be made there. But, sir, the
evidence, notwithstanding, as to the advantages
of Pensaeola as a naval station, is strong, con-
clusive, accumulated beyond any other place or 
our whole coast. I will give you some of the
names embracing every officer who has served in
the gulf, who not only concur in their opinions,
but use language as to the local advantages and
importance of Pensaeola, which would seem ex-
travagant if used by only one. I will read you
the list: Bainbndge, Warrington, Biddle, Rod-
gers,Ridgely, Dallas, Wolsey, Clarkson, Bolton,
Slidell, Kearny, Gratiot, and the whole board
of Engineers—and one other which I will not
name. No, sir, I will not introduce tne renowned
hero of Charleston harbor into such company.
To which I will only add the name of Southard,
of whom I believe I only express the sentiment
of our whole Navy, when I say that the Navy
Department was never better administered be-
fore, nor as well since, as when he was at its
head.
The Board of Engineers say:
" Situated as Pensaeola bay is, with respect to the coun-
try on either hand and the immense regions behind, its rare
properties as a harbor become of inappreciable value. 1. It
13 accessible to the largest class of sloops and frigates, and,
as the bar is narrow, may be deepened so as to admit still
larger vessels. 2. Its bar is near the coast. 3. It is per-
fectly landlocked. 4. It has excellent facilities for build-
ing, repairing, and launching, and for docks and dockyards.
5. Abundance of good water.   6. Is perfectly defensible."
Mr. Southard says the whole country, from
the Alleghany mountains to the Gulf, and from
the Rocky Mountains to New Orleans, is inter-
ested in the maintenance of a sufficient naval
establishment at that place.
Again:
" With whatever nation we may be at war, the principal
theater of contest will probably be in the Gulf of Mexico,
and the object of attack the commerce of the Mississippi.
Every principle of prudence demands that preparations be
made to meet such an attack."
Have any such preparations been made ? And
why have they not?
Captain Dallas says the bar is already twenty-
three feet at low water, and only twenty-seven
feet are required for the largest vessels. He fur-
ther says:
" I see no difficulty m deepening the bar to almost any
extent that may be desired; but to the depth of seven feet
nothing can be more practicable."
I     Captain Chase, an officer of whom I will not
i say the half I know he deserves, lest it should be
attributed to a too partial friendship, says:
I     " The impediment to the bar at Pensaeola may be re-
moved, and, in proportion to its importance, at a compara-
tively small expense."
He adds:
" It is the only harbor on the Gulf at which a great naval
