230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Benton's Erpnnging Resolution—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
of human lib  it> is at stake, we can scarcely de-
sire to be neutral, we cannot bt it we do desire
it, unless pit pand to maintain an armtd neutrality
—irimd, s t, to the teeth.
It dure in. any who think by these and such
appropriations to dispose of tin surplus, Í have
only to say that, if practic ible, it would be unjust
in the tvtieme, especially to the West, to draw
such vas rc\  nues trom one section, and expend
them on another Out, sir, it is impracticable,
to the p m t of ibsurdity. The suiplusin the
Treasurv, bv the last adv ices from the Trtasury,
mJopt mlent of bank stock, is nearly twt rity-tight
million dollars, to which add the United Statts
Bank stock, and vou have thirty-five millions I
say by the last advices from the Treasury, for
one hard'v has tune to make calculations on the
basis of one report, before another comes upon
us, correcting some error, and I doubt not, that,
in less than a month, this last report will be fol-
lowed by another making some corrections either
in the estimates or the " ciphering " With this
thirty five millions to begin with, and a revenue
of at least thirty-five or forty millions ne\t year,
you wril not be able to expend it, but it will con-
tinue to accumulate on your hands Sir, it is
miserable quackery; and, like all quackery, will
not only not cure the disease, but ruin the sys-
tem. I feel as deeply as any one can the porten-
tous danger of further accumulation, and regard
it as the very first duty of patriotism to devise
some plan of disposing of the surplus I feel,
sir, that we are reposing under an avalanche,
which a breath may precipitate on us Roman
liberty first beean to give way on the accumula-
tion of corn in the public granaries British
liberty perished by the corrupting influence of
public patronage, in the time of Sir R Walpole.
Even Lord Chatham, one of the greatest men in
the tide of time, was scarcely able to galvanize
it. I will go with any party which will devise
any feasible plan of ridding us of this threatening
evil, one which I contemplate with absolute dis-
may.
Mr. Chairman, there are practicable plans of
disposing of the surplus, if gentlemen will conquer
all their personal and party prejudices, and pass
the land bill, and the constitutional amendment
for the distribution of the surplus levenue. These
are, in my judgment, the only practicable pro-
jects, and I rejoice in my heart that they come
from those two great minds, which have for the
last twenty-five years so gloriously illustrated the
history of their country. In the present, as in
every past crisis of danger and difficulty, the war,
the Missouri question, the compromise, two com-
manding figures have been seen above the hori-
zon, with the eyes of their country intently fixed
upon them, with a well-placed confidence which
has never been disappointed These men are out
of power, or my voice should not be heard here
in their eulogy Sir, the expunging process must
be carried very far; you mustexpunge the history
of your country for a quarter of a century; you
must tear from that history its brightest pages;
ay, sir, and you must expunge from the human
heart every virtuous and honorable sentiment,
homage for genius, gratitude for public services,
before their well earned laurels can be torn from
their brows. They will have added another to
their many claims upon the gratitude of posterity,
if they can succeed in relieving the country fiom
the great danger of an overflowing Treasury, a
difficulty for the first time known in the history
of the world.
ME. BENTON'S EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
SPEECH OP HOX WILLIAM C. RIVES,
OF VIRGINIA,
Iw the Senate, March 28, 1836.
Mr Clayton moved that the resolutions of the Senator
from Mi> souri should he taken up, in order that the discus-
sion upon them might proceed   The motion being adopted,
Mr RIVES rose, and addressed the Senate
in substance as follows:
If no other gentleman, Mr. President, be dis-
posed to do so, I will avail myself of the oppor-
tunity afforded by the motion of the Senatoi from
' Dc laware to trouble the Senate with some remarks
on the subject now under consideration In do-
ing so, I do not propose at this time to go into
the w ule field of divi rsified and interesting matter
optntd for discussion by the resolutions of the
Senator from Missouri My purpose will be to
confine myself at present strictly to the constitu-
tional question which has been laised as to the
power of this body to expunge from its Journal
an entry heretofore made upon it, trusting to the
indulgence of the Senitc, in a future stage of the
discussion, to be prrmittt d to pres< nt my views
of the other highly unpoitant questions involved
in the geneial subject. I propose thus to limit
rav remarks foi the piesent, because the consti-
tutional question is naturally and properly pre-
liminary to all the rest, standing first in the oider
of discussion as well as first m importance, for
however justly obnoxious I deem the resolution
of Match, 1^34, to the various exceptions which
have been taken to it, it certainly ought not to be
expunged, unless under the Constitution we have
the rightful authority to do so It seems proper
to confine my remarks foi the piesent to this
single view of the subject, for the further reason
that, as yet, the able and lucid arguments of the
Senator from Missouri on the other blanches of
thediscussion have remained withoutanyanswer,
or even an attempt to answer them.
A free people, Mr. President, and especially
the enlightened people of this country are natu-
rally and wisely jealous of the observance of their
fundamental law, and acutely sensible to any
violation, actual or meditated, of its provisions.
Hence it is that, in the warfare of parties, appeals
are so frequently made to this patnotic instinct
in the public mind, and alarms, often gioundless
and artificial, attempted to be raised in ltgard to
the secuuty of the Constitution. Hence it was,
I presume, that in the memorable contest of which
this Chamber was the theater two years ago, the
President was denounced as a usurper of un-
granted power, as a violator of the Constitution
and the laws of his country, when, if all that was
alleged by his adversaries could be sustained, it
would have made but a case of the misapplication
or abuse of power granted Loth by the Constitu-
tion and the laws. Hence it is, too, I suppose,
that on the present occasion a new panic is
attempted to be raisetl by holding up the image
of mutilated records and a violated Constitution,
and that the exercise of a lawful discretionary
power over their own Journals and proceedings,
which has been known and admitted since the
origin of legislative bodies, and is familiar in par-
liamentary practice, wherever such bodies exist,
is represented as somethingmonstrous, iniquitous,
and even felonious If gentlemen expect thus,
by the use of strong language, bold assertion, and
vehement denunciation, to carry the pubhejudg-
ment by storm, they will, in my humble opinion,
find themselves woefully deceived. The public
mind is, at this moment, calm, self-balanced,
scrutinizing, inquisitive, and instead of mere as-
sertion and vague denunciation, it will require
reason, aigument, proof.
It is in this spmt, Mr. President, that I shall
proceed to the examination of the objection which
has been made to the proposition under consider-
ation, on the ground that it demands an act to
be done which is forbidden by the Constitution.
What, sir, is the argument of gentlemen on this
subject, so far as argument has been attempted'
| It is, that as the Constitution requires that " each
House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings,"
an entry once made upon that Journal can never
thereafter be, in any manner, touched, altered, or
removed; that if we do so, we fail, from that
moment, in the language of the Constitution, to
" keep a Journal of our proceedings." The con-
nection between the premises and the conclusion
in this íeasoningis, I must confess, Mr. Piesi-
dent, to my mind incomprehensible. If this body
shall, by a formal resolution entered on its Journal,
direct a previous entry, improvidently, wrong-
fully, or erroneously made, to be corrected or
removed, does it follow from thence that we do
not still keep a Journal' On the contiary, this
very proceeding, in being entered on the Journal,
and embodying the whole histoiy of the transac-
tion,^ itself a fulfillment of the constitutional in-
junction in its true and well understood sense—
that of writing down, from day to day, our daily
transactions as they tianspue
But it is not my intention, Mr. President, to
discuss this question on the niceties of \erbal
criticism I choose lather to take it up on broad
views of the common sense, and piactical mean-
ing and operation of the Constitution. While the
Constitution lequnts that each House shall ktep
a Journal of its pioceedings, it does not ducct
kow that Journal is to be kept The mannci of
keeping it, w hat is to be put upon it, what not,
the natuie, the foim, the fullness of the entnes,
ait all m Utcis left foi tin leguhilion and control
of the body whose duty it is to keep the Journal.
In these rt spccts,theic is great diveisity of usa"-e
among legislative bodies By some, the entire
bill piesented for its action, is spiead on the
Journal, as was done during the first two Con-
gresses undti the present Constitution by this
body, by others, the title of the bill only is en-
tered on the Journal, as is now the practice both
of this House and the other branch of Congress;
by some, the reports of committees are entered
in full on the Journal, as was done by the old
Congress under the Articles of Confederation,
and is still practiced, I believe, by the Legislature
of Vuginia; by others, the íesolutions only, re-
ported by committees, aie admitted to a place on
the Journal. According to the rules and pi actice
of some legislative bodies, as, foi example, of
this, proceedings in Committee of the Whole aie
entered on the Journal; while in othcis, as in the
House of Representatives, no notice whati ver
appears on the Journal of what has been done in
Committee of the Whole I might mention, also,
as illustrating the discretional y poweis which
every legislative body possesses ovti its Journal,
the apparently anomalous practice, founded, how-
ever, on long usage, of both this House and the
other, to enter on their íespective Journals the
messages of the President, though not foiming
a part of their own " proceedings," of which
only they are requned to keep a Journal.
It results from these consideiations that, al-
though each House of Congiess is bound to keep
a Joui nal of its proceedings, yet that Joui nal, as
to the manner of keeping it, the nature and char-
acter of its contents, what is to be upon it, what
not, is necessarily subjected to the control of the
body whose duty it is to keep it This control
is an inseparable part of that sel) governing power,
in all matters of interior economy and paihament-
aiy iSgime, which the Constitution expressly del-
egates to either branch of the legislative depart-
ment. Each House, by the Constitution, is " to
choose its own Speaker or Piesident, and other
officeis " " Each House, also, shall be the judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members." "Each House majf determine
the rules of its proceedings, punish its members
for disorderly behavior, and with the concur-
rence of two thirds, expel a member " "Each
House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and, from time to time, publish the same, except-
ing such parts as may, in their judgment, require
secrecy." In regard to all these powers and
functions, a very large discretion is necessarily
left to either House, in the exercise of which
abuses doubtless may be committed. But the
possibility of abuse is no argument against the ex-
istence of a power. Congress has, by express
and unequivocal grant in the Constitution, power
"to lay and collect taxes," &c , and "to raise
and support armies." In the exercise of these
powers, Congress might raise, even in time of
profound peace, an army of half a million of men,
and levy upon the people annually two or three
hundred millions of dollars for their support,
converting one half the nation into soldiers, and
the other half into paupers. There could be no
grosser abuse, and yet the constitutional power
would still be indisputable. Where it has been
deemed necessary and proper, for the public good,
to vest any particular power in the Government,
or a department of it, the Constitution grants the
power, and provides securities against its abuse in
the structure and organization of the Government
itself. The periodical election of the public func-
tionaries by the people, and for the most part for
short terms, their responsibility to their constitu-
ents, and the constant influence and control of
public opinion, are relied upon in our system as
