23-2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
•21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. Benton's Krpunging He solution—Mr. Hives.
Senate.
I
under lO.iMdcntion, lull, untqimnfil, and ton-
elusive Some of tin m hue been mentioned on
this lloor, and art fimihai to the minds of gen-
tVmin. 1 will not rep at tin m but tin re ire
two lasts whnh 1 luluvp have not attracted the
no'ite ot ^en'lennn, and whuh, from the piculiar
grounds on w hichtht \ st.tiul, lllu^tr xte sofoieibly
the tu:rh s>uper\ ^or\ and lontrolline; power of
pir'iimintarv 'nxih s o-it r their Journ lis, that I
will wke the libirty* of d< tmninsr the St nate a few
moments with tiuir recital In HUH, Skinner,
an English merchant, presented a petition to the
Kin?, complaining of \arious wrongs and out-
rides he hid sustained from the East India Com-
nn% The matter was considered not cognizable
y the ordinary tribunals, and was referred by
the King to the House of Lords Strong objec-
tions were urged to the jurisdiction ot the House
of Lords, but they, nevertheless, took cognizance
of the affair, and fin illy entered a |udgment in
favor of Skinner against the East India Company,
for rhe thousand pounds damages The pro-
ceeding was immediately and earnestly resisted
by the House of Commons, as contrary to the
law of the land, and an invasion of the rights of
the people A violent and protracted controversy
ensued between the two Houses, and the Lords
being compelled at last, after a struggle of eigh-
teen months, and repeated prorogations of both
Houses, to yield their claim of jurisdiction, they
expunged from their Journal the judgment they
had entered in favor of Skinne- against the East
India Company, and the whole of their proceed-
ings connected with it, whereupon the Commons,
in like manner, expunged from their Journal the
various resolutions and proceedings they had
adopted. In this instance we see a proceeding
even of a judicial character, u^nder which pmate
rights might be claimed, expunged, in virtue of
the high discretionary authority of parliamentary
bodies over their Journals, and in suck a case,
perhaps, the expunction is admissible, mainly on
the ground that the obnoxious proceeding took
place in the exercise of an illegal jurisdiction, at
last admitted to be such, and intended to be re-
nounced, as in fact it was finally abandoned, by
the act of expunging the judgment, which was its
fruit.
The other case to which I have alluded occurred
in the proceedings on the recognition bill in 1690.
A clause was introduced into that bill, on the
motion of the Whig party of that day, and the
friends of the Revolution, declaring that the acts
of the Convention Parliament, though assembled
■without the formality of a royal summons, were
good and valid. This was strongly objected to
by the Tory lords, a number of whom, by the
leave of the House, entered their protest against
it on the Journal
The Senate well know that it is a distinctive
and fundamental principle in the constitution of
the House of Lords, that any member or number
of members, dissenting from a measure which
has passed that body, have the right, with the
leave of the  House, to enter a formal protest
against it on the Journal.    In this case the leave
of the House was granted.    The right of the
protesting lords became thereby \ested and com-
plete;  and   yet  it  appearing, on  a subsequent
examination of the protest, that the grounds of
objection taken in it assailed, and were subversive
of, the principles of the revolution, and settlement
of the Government just accomplished, the House
ordered it to be expunged from  their Journal;
which order was carried into execution, and gave
rise to another protest for expunging the former
protest.
But the precedents of parliamentary expunging
are by no means confined to the land of our
ancestors, from which we derive the model of our
parliamentary institutions and proceedings. Sim-
ilar instances have occurred in our own country,
both before and since our revolution? subsequent,
as well as previous, to the adoption of ourptesent
Federal Constitution, both in the State and in the
National Legislatures. There is a case in the his-
tory of my own Statp, which as there appears to
have been singular miscon«eptions about it, the
Senate will excuse me for mentioning somewhat
in dttail. I refer to the expunging of a resolu-
tion of Mr. Henry, which took place in the House
of Burgesstsof Virginia in 176."> This trans-
action has been refeired to as an odious and nbor-
tue attempt at e\punging mide by the King's
paity in the House of Buigesses, which was de-
feated bv the tncrgy and talents of Mi Hmry
Suih, sir, are not the facts, as transmití* d to us by
the most unquestionable cotempoiary testimony
The attempt to ei punge was not defeated The
proposition, on the lontrary, was rained It
wis earned, not by an odious Ainu's pattti, but
with the concum nee, as we are authorized to
behete fiom the only account extant of the trans-
action, of men who were, and who pio\ed them
selves to be among the brightest champions of
American fn etlom and independence—such men
as Peyton Randolph, the President of the fiist
American Congress; George Wythe, Edmund
Pendleton, Richaid Bland, Richard Henry Lee,
all of whom, afterwards put then hands to the
Declaration of American Independence, or bore
a conspicuous part in the deliberations winch led
to and established it.
The circumstances were these: Mr. Henry
moved a series of resolutions, five in number,
declaratory of the rights of the colonists The
first four of these resolutions merely reaffirmed
what had been earnestly asserted, only six months
before, by the House of Burgesses in three sev-
eral documents of the most solemn character—
an address to the King, a memorial to the House
of Lords, and a remonstrance to the Commons
The fifth resolution, however, went somewhat
further, and seemed to tender at once an issue of
force with the mother country. These resolu-
tions were opposed by Messrs Randolph, Bland,
Pendleton, Wythe, and other gentlemen, as de-
voted and firm friends of the rights of America
as any of the great statesmen and patriots of that
day, but who deemed Mr Henry's resolutions
inexpedient at that moment, inasmuch as the sen-
timents and principles they contained had already
and very recently been expressed in other pro-
ceedings, to which the expected answers from the
Government in England were not yet received.
The fifth resolution was deemed especially inex-
pedient in the then feeble and defenseless con-
dition of the colony, as it might pro\oke a conflict
of force, for which time and forecast were neces-
sary to prepare. The resolutions,however,under
a powerful display of Mr Henry's eloquence,
were passed by one or two votes only, but on the
following day, on a motion made for that pur-
pose, and carried, the fifth resolution was ex-
punged from the Journal These are the facts as
vouched by the testimony of Mr. Jefferson, and
the elder Judge Carnngton, (both witnesses of
the transaction,) and as recorded by the eloquent
biographer of Mr. Hcmy himself. There was
then no odious and abortive attempt to expunge,
made by a King's party, in the House of Bur-
gesses. The attempt was not defeated, as has
been said; on the contrary, the proposition to
expunge was canied—and carried, as we are au-
thoi ized to believe, by the only authentic account
which has reached us of the tiansaction, by the
influence and with the concuirence of high-souled
American patriots: of Peyton Randolph, Piesi-
dent of the First Congress, Richard Bland, one
of the chosen delegates of Virginia to that glo-
rious assembly, Edmund Pendleton, another del-
egate; and George Wythe, whose name stands
proudly at the head of the Virginia signatures to
the Declaration of Independence. The two last-
named gentlemen, Mr. Pendleton and Mr. Wythe,
afterwards, and for a long period, respectively
piesided in and adorned the highest couits of law
and equity in the State; and it will be no dispar-
ajement, I humbly conceive, to the pretensions
of the highest here, to say, that they understood
as well, and felt as religiously, the sanctity of a
record, as any gentleman on this floor.
Examples of the like character have occurred
in the other States. In the Senate of Massachu-
setts, as is well known, a few years after the
close of the late war with Great Britain, a reso-
lution was triumphantly carried for expunging
from its Journal the anti-American sentiment
which the baleful spirit of party had recorded
there, in the very midst of the conflict, that it
was unbecoming a moral and religious people to
rejoice in the successes of our arms.   At a more
recent period, some si ven or ei<rht yeais a<ro, the
Senate of anotlii r highly íespi ctibh St Up, (T< n-
riessee,) as I h un fiom undoubted .uithouty,
dnected a foimal and linpoitiint intiy on its
Journal to be úiickcn out, winch was done in the
\ery manner pioposid by the usolution on your
table, by diawmg a black line aiound the lon-
dimncd entiy Hut, without dwelling on these
ai'-tances, let us d« mi nd to cns,es which come
more lmmediatily homt to oursi lies. The case
whie.li on unid m this body in 180b-, and which
has been alieady notici d by the Senator fiom
Missoun, has bei n in \ainatti mpted to be pained
or e\adi d * In that case, a formal entry made on
the Journal, in pursuance of the standing rules
of the Senate, and in strict contoimity to the
truth of facts as they transpned, was oidered to
be et}ninged, and actually expunged. The entry
recited the substance of two mcmonals piesented
by a member of the Senate, containing grave and
ciimmal insinuations against the Executive, and
stated also the proceeding of the Senate which
took place on their presentation. This entry, as
I have already remaiked, was in strict puisuance
of the standing rules of the Senate, the thirty-
second article of which expressly requires that
" a bnef statement of the contents of each peti-
tion, memonal, or paper, presented to the Senate,
shall be inserted on the Journal;" and, in general,
that " a true and accurate account of the proceed-
ings of the Senate shall be entered on the Journal."
Now, sir, how is the force of this precedent in the
annals of our own body attempted to be parried'
Why, sir, by the circumstance that the order for
expunging the obnoxious entry, was adopted on
the same day (the lart of the session) that the
entry itself was made, it being contended that the
Journal is not complete till it is read over in the
Senate, as it usually is, the following morning,
for the purpose of correcting any mistakes which
may ha\ e been made in it, and that, till that cere-
mony has been gone thiough, it is under the
perfect control of the Senate, and fully open to
revision and conection. This is the argument
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Porter ] It is obvious to remark upon it, in the
first place, that it confounds two things entirely
distinct in their nature, and wholly different in
the principles on which they rest—the correction
of tinsiales in a Journal, and the expunging of
matter therefrom, in which there has been no
mistake, but which is otherwise and intunsically
objectionable. The purpose forwhich the Journal
is oidinanly read over in the morning, after it is
made up by the Secretary, is simply to correct
any mistakes which may have been made in the
entries upon it. This is explicitly declared by
the standing rules of the Senate, the very first of
* In that ease the following are the facts- On the21=t
day of April, 1806, being the last day of the session, Mr.
Adams presented two memorial , which are thus noticed
on the Journal
" \Ir Adtms communicated two memorials, one from
Samuel G Ogden, and the other from William S Smith,
stating that they are under a criminal prosecution for cer-
tain proceeding , into which tliey were led by the circum-
stance that their purpose was fully known to, and approved
by, the Executive Government of the United States that
on the prosecution thev have been treated by the judge of
the district court of the United States at New York, Mathias
B Talmadge, Esq , m sueh a manner, that the same grand
jury which found the bills against them made a presentment
against the judge himself for his conduct in taking the ex-
aminition and deposition of the «aid Samuel G. Ogden.
And the memorialists, considering Congress as the only
power competent to relieve them, submit their case to the
wisdom of Congress, and pray such relief as the laws and
Constitution of this country and the wisdom and goodness
of Congress may afford them; and the memorials were
read; and, on motion,
" Ordered, That the memorialists have leave to withdraw
their memorials re-peclively '"
The-.e memomls appear to have been presented in the
morning. After disposing of them, and a variety of other
business, the Senate took a recess, and met again at five
o'clock, p. m. The very last entry on the Journal of the
evening session is the following order, adopted on yeas and
n-ijs, for expunging everything in the Journal relative to the
aforesaid memorials-
" On motion that everything in the Journal relative to the
memorials of S G Ogden and William S Smith be ex-
punged therefrom, it pissed in the athrmative Yeas—
Messr-, Adiir, Condit, Gilimn Kitchel, Logan, Mitchell,
Smith of iMarvland, Smith ot New York, Stone, Thruston,
Wortlnngton, and Wnght-13. NAYS-Messr . Adams,
Baldwin, Hillhouse, Pickering, Plumer, Smith of Ohio,
Tracy, and White—8."
