236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Reorganization of the Militia—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
The Constitution of the United States, in pre-
scribing the duties of the President, says:
'• He shall, from time to time, give to the Congress in-
formation of the state of the Union, and recommend to
their consideration such measures as he shall judge neces-
sary and expedient."
Under the direction given in this clause of the
Constitution, the subject of the more efficient
and proper organization of the militia, has been
recommended by the different Presidents, in all
thirty-two differenttimes, commencing with Gen-
eral Washington's inaugural address.
Mr. Jeffeison is now allowed by all to have
possessed clear and correct views in everything
that relates to the good of his country. His
opinions are at this day taken as the true stand-
ard on all such subjects. In his message to Con-
gress, in 1805, he said:
" Whether it will be necessary to augment our land forces
will be decided by occurrences probably in the course of
your session. In the mean time, you will consider whether
it would not be expedient for a state of peace, as well as of
war, so to organize or class the militia as would enable us,
on a sudden emergency, to call for the service of the younger
portions, unincumbered with the old and those having fam-
ilies. Upwards of three hundred thousand able-bodied men,
between the ages of eighteen and twenty-six years, which
the last census shows we uiay now count within our limits,
will furnish a competent number for offense or defense, in
any point where they may be wanted, and will give time
for raising regular forces, after the necessity of them shall
become certain; and the reducing to the early period of
life all its active services, cannot but be desirable to our
younger citizens of the present as well as future times,
inasmuch as it engages to them in more advanced age a
quiet and undisturbed repose in the bosom of their families.
I cannot, then, but earnestly recommend to your early con-
sideration the expediency of so modifying our militia system !
as, by a separation of the more active part from that which
s less so, we may draw from it, when necessary, an effi-
cient corps, fit for real and active service, and to be called
a regular rotation."
These suggestions, so pertinent and valuable,
have been amplified and adopted by General
Jackson, in his message to Congress at the open-
ing of its present session. His opinions on this
subject are entitled to great respect and considera-
tion, as there are few who will deny to him high
consideration as a military man, and a defender
of his country.    In his message, he says:
" Occurrences to which we, as well as all other nations,
are liable, both in our internal and external relations, point
to the necessity of an efficient organization of the militia.
I am again induced, by the importance of the subject, to
bring it to your attention.   To suppress domestic violence,
and to repel foreign invasion, should these calamities over-
take us, we must rely, in the first instance, upon the great
liody of the community, whose will has instituted, and '■
whose power must support, the Government. A large stand-
ing military force is not consonant to the spirit of our insti-
tutions, nor to the feelings of our countrymen; and the
lessons of former days, and those also of our own times,
show the danger, as well as the enormous expense, of these
permanent and extensive military organizations. That just '
medium which avoids an inadequate preparation on one
hand, and the danger and expense of a large force on the
other, is what our constituents have a right to expect from
their Government.   This object can be attained only by the
maintenance of a small military force, and by such an or-
ganization of the physical strength of the country as may
bring this power into operation whenever its services are
required.   A classification of the population offers the most
obvious means of effecting this organization.   Such a di-
vision may be made as will be just to all, by transferring
each, at a proper period of life, from one class to another,
and by calltng first for the services of that class, whether
for instruction or action, which from age is qualified for
duty, and may be called to perform it with least injury to
themselves or to the public. Should the danger evsr become
so imminent as to require additional force, the other classes
in succession would be ready for the call.   And if, in addi-
tion to this organization, voluntary associations were en-
couraged, and inducements held out for their formation, our
militia would be in a state of efficient service.   Now, when
we are at peace, is the proper time to adjust and establish
a practicable system. The object is certainly worth the ex-
periment and worth the expense.   No one appreciating the
blessings of a republican Government can object to his
share of the burden which such a plan may impose. Indeed,
a moderate portion of the national funds could scarcely be
better applied than in carrying into eli'ect and continuing
such an arrangement, and in giving the necessary element-
ary instruction. We are happily at peace with all the ¡
world. A sincere desire to continue so, and a fixed determ-
ination to give no just cause of offense to other nations,
furnish, unfortunately, no certain grounds of expectation
that this relation will be uninterrupted. With this determ-
ination to give no offense is associated a resolution, equally
decided, tamely to submit to none. The armor and the atti-
tude of defense afford the best security against those col-
lisions which the ambition, or interest, or some other passion
of nations not more justifiable, is liable to produce. Jn
many countries it is considered unsafe to put arms into the
hands of the people, and to instruct them in the elements of
military knowledge. That fear can have no place here when
it is recollected that the people are the sovereign power.
Our Government was instituted, and is supported by the
ballot-box, not by the musket. Whatever changes await it,
still greater changes must be made in our social institutions
before our political system can yield to physical force. In
every aspect, therefore, in which I can view the subject, I
am impressed with the importance of a prompt and efficient
organization of the militia."
Mr. G. said the conclusions of his judgment
accorded very nearly with the President's, as
would be observed by reference to the proposi-
tions he had submitted.
It is objected to the present system—first, that
the number required to perform militia duty is
unnecessarily large. This is a true and a valid
objection. The present organization was adapted
to the times at which.it was produced. The
number of persons liable to perform duty under
it at that time cannot now be ascertained; but,
judging from the amount of population then and
now, it may be fairly estimated at about two
hundred and fifty thousand. This militia force
was then considered amply sufficient to protect
our extended and varied frontiers under the most
adverse circumstances. The country has changed, ,
but there is no modification of the system. The
law that then secured the services of two hundred
and fifty thousand, now imposes duty upon about
a million and a half of persons. These men are
called out, upon an average, at least three days in
each year. If their time and expenses are valued
at one dollar per day, it forms an aggregate of
four million five hundred thousand dollars per
annum. The welfare of this country does not
require such an annual tax, which falls almost
exclusively upon that class which is least able to
bear it. To obviate this objection, he had pro-
posed merely to enroll a large force, but not to
require any duty of a very large portion of the
persons composing it, except when, called into
actual service.
The second objection is, that the present law
requires the service of minors who are eighteen
or upwards, while their time and services belong
to the parent, and that the parent is compelled to
equip his sons.  This objection is not without its
force.    There is little justice in requiring of one
who is paying, or has paid, on his own account,
the militia tax, to give up the time of his sons for
this purpose; and much less justice in requiring
him to purchase arms for them.    This period,
with very many young men, is spent at school,
and in other employments, which render it incon-
venient for them to meet the requirements of such
| a law.   Moralists have long objected to minors
entering upon those duties at such an age.    He
had provided that the earliest period of enroll-
ment should be at the age of twenty-one years.
■ This is the period when young men have finished
i their education, and become masters of their own
I actions—when they become entitled to the privi-
leges of freemen, and should share in the honor
and responsibility of protecting and defending
the country from all foreign or domestic aggres-
sions.
A third objection is, that those whose charac-
ter and standing in society qualify them to sus-
tain the credit and respectability of the militia,
are exempt from duty. The weight of this ob-
jection rests upon the extent and character of
the exemptions. In some of the States it will be
found that those who participate in the honors
of certain public employments, and those engaged
in certain professions and callings, are exempt
from duty.
i     Mr. G. said he knew of no one whose-station
in society, or whose calling, exalted him above
the obligation of defending his country. He hoped
no man was considered above defending it. He
who administers justice in the forum, and he who
performs the sacred rites of our religion at the
altar, might well aid in giving dignity and sanc-
tity to the glorious employment of protecting and
defending our altars, our wives, our children, and
our homes. While the most distinguished classes
are exempt from duty, the service sinks in disre-
pute, and it becomes the scorn and contempt of
those who ought to be its chief supporters, if not
of the whole community.
He had made no provision to allow any ex-
empts; and he confidently expected that the effect
of enrolling all would be to place the protecting
our country on elevated ground. Should he ever
meet a man who looked upon defending it as be-
neath him, he should place him on the catalogue
of the enemies of the country.
The fourth objection is that the arms and ac-
couterments now in the hands of the militia are
not generally fit for actual immediate service.
Mr. G. said he was well aware of the validity
of this objection. Not an inconsiderable portion
of the arms now met with in the ranks of the
militia were such as would not be tolerated in the
Army.
Mr. G. said we have two national armories,
one at Springfield and the other at Harper's Ferry,
at which arms are fabricated for the use of the
regular Army. At these the musket now costs
#12 25, and the accouterments complete cost
P 01, making #15 26. Hall's rifle costs $17 50,
and the accouterments for it, $4 05, making $21 55.
The carbine costs $18. Since the Revolution
great improvements have been made in the man-
ufacture of powder, and it now has nearly double
the strength it then had. It follows, of course,
that a corresponding change is required in the
strength of the musket. That change is now
introduced in our armories, and hereafter they
will not only possess the requisite strength, but
will be so constructed that each part of a musket
will fit any other one of a like construction.
In addition to the two national armories, there
are six private ones, at which such arms are made
as are designed to be distributed under the law
of 1808, providing for the arming of the militia..
At each of these armories all arms are inspected
and proved by agents of the ordnance department,
before they are received by the Government. At
these trials many are condemned. Others, that
have been in the use of the Government, are con-
demned as unfit for the Army. All these con-
demned arms are now sold, and a vast number of
them are found in the hands of the militia. That
very many of them are worse than useless all
must admit; and he hoped hereafter measures
would be adopted to prevent the increase of this
evil.
Mr. G. said he would add, that some of these
refuse and condemned muskets were sold as low
as $4 50. Another portion, now in the hands of
the militia, were the relics of our former wars,
of different magnitudes and constructions, and
covered with the rust of the last century, and
many in the worst possible order. He thought
many a regiment, if faced about to meet an en-
emy, would find a very large portion of their
arms quite incompetent for defense. Many, also,
would prove far more fatal to their possessor than
to the enemy. Their faultiness would prove
fruitful in disasters, produce confusion and dis-
may, which would be likely to end in defeat and
disgrace.
To guard against the evils calculated to flow
from this source, he had proposed that the Gov-
ernment should furnish all the arms and accou-
terments.   Then all the articles used would be
of the best quality, and fit for instant use.
The soldier requires the same guarantee from
1 the Government of the goodness of the arms with
which he defends the country, as he does of the
genuineness of the coins in which his wages should
be paid.    Why should the militia man, the effi-
cacy of whose first aim may so materially affect
the question of success, be supplied with an in-
ferior article ?    It may be said he should buy_ the
, genuine article; in reply to which it may be asked,
