242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. op Reps.
ment is but a recital, with a little more energy, of
the recommendations made by previous Adminis-
trations. This system of defenseand the increase
of the Navy was somewhat abandoned during
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, and the gun-
boat svstem substituted for it.
This system was found utterly inefficient du-
ring the late war, and has been abandoned.    The
svstem of fortifications was recommended and
vigorously prosecuted during the administration
of" Mr. Madison, and has been strongly urged
upon Congress ever since by every succeeding
Administration, and to Congress belongs the fault
whv we are now in so defenseless a condition.
If there had been proper defenses by fortifica-
tions on the Chesapeake, posterity would have
been saved the mortifying task of reading the dis-
graceful capture of this city during the late war
by a handful of British troops.    Much blood,
much treasure, and much destruction of property
would have been saved to the nation.    The pres-
ent President of the United States unites his voice
with those of Washington, Madison, and Monroe
in recommending the immediate commencement
and energetic prosecution of a system of fortifica-
tions for our national defense; by it we may in
time be saved the horrid calamities.of wars of in-
vasion, such as were felt during the late war, in
the pillage, plunder, conflagration, and devasta-
tion of our towns and villages, and the murder of
our citizens in cold blood by a brutal soldiery.
Sir, want of preparation invites attack: prepara-
tion frequently prevents it.    I am, Mr. Chairman,
a decided advocate for the adoption of this sys-
tem of national defense, and shall vote for appro-
priations for that object.    In making this avowal,
however, I am not to be understood as pledging
myself to vote for the erection of fortifications at
every point which may be proposed; I design no
such thing.    But I will take up each scheme and
ascertain its importance and necessity, and vote
for it or not, as I may deem expedient.    I shall
in the first place vote for fortifying those points
which are of primary importance and most ex-
posed, and so graduate the system until all neces-
sary and important points are provided for.
Intimately and importantly connected with a
proper and judicious system of national defense,
are the improvement and increase of the Naey.    To
this arm of national defense we must look with in-
creasing solicitude; for, as our power, commerce,
and resources increase, so increases the proba-
bility that any future foreign war in which we
may be engaged will be mainly upon the ocean;
more particularly if our maritime frontier shall be
inaccessible by means of its fortifications.    Our
Navy is now totally inadequate to our defense,
comparing its strength with that of those foreign
Powers with whom there is any probability of
coming into collision.   It is admitted on all hands,
that our present Navy is inadequate to the pro-
tection of our extended and increasing commerce.
If thus inadequate to this purpose, how much
more so to the protection of our coast against the
powerful navies of European Powers, particularly
France and Great Britain?   The importance of an
increase of this arm of the national defense need
only to be mentioned to be approved.   The neces-
sary connection between these two systems is
perspicuously and forcibly enforced in the follow-
ing quotation from the document before referred
to: "The Navy must be provided with suitable
'establishments for construction and repair, sta-
' tions, harbors of rendezvous, and ports of refuge;
'all secured by fortifications, defended by regular
'troops and militia, and supplied with men and
'materials by the lines of intercommunication.
' Being the only species of offensive force compatible
' with our political institutions, it will then be pre-
' pared toactthe great partwhich its early achieve-
' menta have promised,and to which its high des-
' tiny will lead."   These are sound truths, and
to their practice we have been urged by the pat-
riots and statesmen who have, and do now, ad-
minister the executive department of this Govern-
ment.    1 therefore  readily conclude, that the
proposed system of defense is, upon every princi-
ple of economy and efficiency, the best which can
be adopted;   not so prodigal of human life as
contests in the field, and most compatible with
the genius   and   stability  of our free  institu-
tions.
This system has been assimilated by the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] to
that of the Federal Administration of 1798, to
which the Republican party was so warmly
opposed; the parallel will not hold good; the
policy of that Administration, so strongly repro-
bated, was that under the mask of a war with
France, a standing army and a navy, far beyond
our resources, physical and pecuniary, and dan-
gerous to liberty, were sought to be established.
The proposed system is notbeyond our resources,
pecuniary or physical, and involves no necessary
increase of the standing Army, and a very gradual
increase of the Navy. The system of defense by
fortresses is peculiarly adapted to the efficient
and successful employment of the militia. No
increase of the Army worthy of consideration is
proposed. We have before us statements of the
chief of the engineer department and the inspector
general, proving that, so far as the system of
fortifications is concerned, any material increase
of the Army will be unnecessary. The only
reason which would induce a small increase" of
the Army, grows out of the concentration of so
many hostile tribes of Indians on our western
frontier, which, combined, can bring into the
field twenty thousand or more warriors, and the
existing hostilities between Mexico and Texas
requiring a strong force on that frontier for the
maintenance of our neutrality.
The adoption of an efficient system of national
defense is of high constitutional obligation. Com-
mon defense, growing out of a sense of common
danger, arising from the individual weakness of
th e States, is one of the main pillars of the Union,
the very foundation-stone upon which it was
erected, and constitutes one of the most important
duties of this Government. The only inquiry,
then, for American statesmen is, whether there
be a point on our extended limits, accessible to'
hostile attack, undefended; if there is, our con-
stitutional obligations require that it should be
put in a state of defense; if we refuse, then we
have failed to perform our constitutional duties
and discharge our constitutional obligations. Is
this the condition of the country? Upon almost
every point of our extended maritime frontier
there are many important points entirely without
defense, and but few, if any, having sufficient
defenses. This appalling fact is admitted by
almost every member here—indeed is not denied
by any. Many have felicitated the country on its
escape from damage and dishonor by the settlement
of our controversy with France, growing out of
this miserable state of our defenses. Shall not,
then, the experience of the past, and the dangers
we have escaped, admonish us so to prepare for
the contingencies of the future ? Shall we not
avoid such great risks by adopting and executing
an invulnerable system of defense ? Wisdom
says we should. The recommendations to adopt
this system of national defense, and make appro-
priations for its execution, are what the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,] and
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] call
a war upon the Treasury—as constituting a part
of the corrupt practices of this Administration.
If, Mr. Chairman, this is a war upon the Treas-
ury, it should be prosecuted with the utmost vigor
until its' end is accomplished. It is such a war
as ought to be waged; it is a war upon the Treas-
ury, to do that which constitutes one of the high-
est duties and strongest obligations of the Gov-
ernment to the nation, to provide for the common
defense. In acting upon this subject, I shall not
be controlled by a miserly calculation of dollars
and cents, but by the necessities of the country;
she ought to be, and must be, defended, or we
are lost to the experience of the past, and un-
faithful to the obligations of the Government and
our duty to the country.
The navy-yard at Portsmouth, to strike out
the appropriation for the repairs and improve-
ment of which the motion is now under discus-
sion, was established in 1794, with the sanction
of General Washington, during his administra-
tion. Its repairs and improvement have been
the subjects of appropriation by every succeed-
ing Administration; and I cannot perceive any
good reason why it should now be abandoned,
and all the works constructed there thrown away
~"A '""'    It is not questioned by any one that
and lost.
the harbor is safe, and that the depth of water is
ample for ships of war of the largest ¡size.
This point is very important in another point
of view. It is near the southern boundary of
the State of Maine, and its preservation impor-
tant, to prevent, in ease of invasion, this State
from having its communications with the other
States cut off. The State of Maine, in its geo-
graphical position, is bounded on its southeast
liy the Atlantic ocean—on its east, north, and
northwest, by Canada. An enemy, having the
command of the ocean, and in possession of
Portsmouth, might, by forming a military post
on the Canada frontier opposite Portsmouth,
successfully cut off Maine from the other States,
and reduce her to subjection. In this point of
view, the preservation of the navy-yard and for-
tifications at Portsmouth is absolutely necessary.
It should not be forgotten that both during the
revolutionary war and the late war, we were in-
vaded from the Cañadas. I hold it a sound prin-
ciple in our system of national defense, that
every port and every harbor which could give
security to a hostile fleet, or constitute a post
from which expeditions into the interior might
be made, should be secured by ample and invul-
nerable defenses. We should not permit war to
be brought into the interior, if it can be pre-
vented.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Allan,}
who addressed the House several days since,
takes it for granted that the standing army is to
be greatly increased by adopting the system of
defense proposed, and charges the President with
inconsistency. To sustain this charge, the hon-
orable gentleman read an extract from the Presi-
dent's first inaugural address in these words:
" Considering standing armies as dangerous to
' free Governments in time of peace, I shall not
' seek to enlarge our present establishment, nor
' disregard that salutary lesson of political expe-
' rience, which teaches that the military should be
' held subordinate to the civil power." Here the
gentleman stopped, when, if he had merely read
on in the same paragraph, he would have found
the President then had in view this very system
of the defense, which reads thus:
" The gradual increase of our Navy, whose
' flag has displayed in distant climes our skill in
' navigation and our fame in arms, the preserva-
' tion of our forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, and
' the introduction of progressive improvement
' in the discipline and science of both branches
' of our military service, are so plainly prescribed
' by prudence, that I should be excused for omit-
' ing their mention, sooner than enlarging on
' their importance."
The material objection of the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee to this appropriation
seems to be founded upon the assumption that
we have already too many navy-yards. He
seems to think that two would be amply suffi-
cient; and, in proof of this, refers to Great
Britain, the greatest naval Power in the world,
which, he says, has but two navy-yards of any
importance, while the United States hare seven.
In this opinion I differ entirely with the honor-
able gentleman: on a coast so extensive as ours,
indented by so many bays, harbors, and inlets,
accessible to a hostile fleet, it is all important
that our Navy, charged with the defense of so
extensive a coast, should at every convenient
point have a place of refuge, in case of distress
and pursuit by a superior fleet, and, of course,
naval supplies in case of blockade. If there be
but one navy-yard, the whole force of an enemy
could be concentrated in an attack upon it, and,
if successful, would destroy all the material and
supplies belonging to the whole Navy, and thus,
at one blow, destroy our naval supplies, cripple
our naval operations, and lay open our whole
coast to attack. If there be but two, the same
consequences, to a proportionate extent, would
result. If, however, our navy-yards are extended
at convenient and suitable points along the whole
coast, the capture of one would not so seriously
affect our naval operations, as there would be
ample supplies at others. In addition to this,
they would be more safe, because it is not rea-
sonable to suppose that an enemy could with
safety so divide his fleet and army as to attack
all our navy-yards at the same time; if he did,
