1836.]J___________________APPENDIX TO TH¿ CONGRESSIONAL GLO?
34th Cong..1..1st Sess.            Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia,
_____     rVTovm   onrl     A wnn      mniilr]      Vtvr   inri t^IJ-kti a    mftn.           lX7"iet/1/-i*Vt     ni-iiilnnnn     AZi*n~**l „_         _11__________       mi
243
Ho. OF K.EP6.
our Navy and Army, would, by judicious man
agement, be enabled to beat him in detail.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] contends that upon a principle of economy
we should reduce the number of our navy-yards,
because he thinks the costs of construction, re-
C'rs, &c, are in proportion to the number we
re, and that four will cost as much again as
two.   I do not concur with the honorable gentle-
-nan in this view.   The proposition would be ,
true, if each navy-yard was precisely of the same i
dimensi. ns and constructed with the same mate- I
rial; but it is not to be presumed that the seven
navy-yards are each as large as the two would
be, if there were but two; on the contrary, the
extended system is calculated to reduce the di-
mensions, foreach navy-yard, in its construction,
will have reference to the character of the harbor
and the importance of the* point, and would be
constructed either on a large or contracted scale,
as these facta might render expedient.    Eight
navy-yards may not, in fact, cost more than two,
depending entirely upon the scale of their con-
struction.   The argument deduced from the fact
that England has but two important navy-yards,
is not conclusive, owing to the great dissimilarity
in the situation, of the two countries.   England
is surrounded by the ocean, has a territorial ex- I
tent not much exceeding that of Virginia and !
Maryland, and is accessible at but few points, j
and has a coast not more than a third of ours in
extent; hence there is no necessity for extending
her navy-yards ,to the same extent as ours.    Eng- '
landJias, m fact, seven navy-yards of all descrip-
tions; but either.of the two referred to by the
gentleman from Tennessee is larger than all of
ours put together,   I decidedly believe our true i
policy is to construct navy-yards at convenient'
distances at every suitable point, to secure sup- !
plies and protection to our Navy, in its operations
on so extensive a coast as ours.                  .            ]
The War Department .in submitting a scheme
of national defense, has properly submitted to the
consideration of Congress a comprehensive plan,
embracing all the important points which need
fortifications, together with the supposed costs of
improving, repairing, and completing existing and
unfinished, works, as well as such as are to be
construe led hereafter. Having done so, with the
reasons for each, it is tht duty ef Congress to
determine which shall be constructed, and when
all or either shall be commenced. The Depart-
ment points out the works, and the necessity for
them—Congress must determine which is. to be
undertaken bow, and which hereafter. The Sec-
retary does not insinuate that we are to undertake
all at the same time; so that the Administration is
unjustly charged with seeking a sudden appro-
priation for every work proposed, so as to exhaust
the surplus in the Treasury.
It being admitted by all that ihere afe important
fortifications in a state of dilapidation and ruin,
and that there are many points without- defense,
which should be provided for, the only question
seems to me to be, the time when this system is
to be commenced ? To this inquiry, reason and
safety would seem to dictate but a single reply,
and that is, now; nuwwe are defenseless; now
we are at peace with the whole world; now we
have ample means; and I cannot see any good
reason for postponing-, unless'we are disposed to
await an unexpected war, and .sacrifice much of
bloodand treasure before^we shall be prepared
to meet it, as was done during the late,war, for
the want of proper defenses. It was a maxim of
the Father of his Country, the great Washington J
that "inpeaee prepare for toar." The sentiment
hag been adopted and strongly recommended by
President Jackson, and its wisdom conclusively
demonstrated, not only by our own experience,
but that of every nation, on earth. I cannot
imagine to my self a more appropriate time, arising
from the fact of our being in a state of profound
Eeace, owing not a cent' of national debt, and
aving ample means. Certain it is we can never
be in a better situation to commence and prose-
cute an efficient system of defense; by postpone-
ment we may be in a worse, but not in a better
condition. Sir, I ask, shall the admonitions of
wisdom from the great Washington be buried
with him in the hallowed tomb of Mount Vernon ?
Wisdom,prudence,discretion—allsayno. Then,
sir, look at New Orleans, Pensacola, Charleston,
Richmond, Petersburg, Norfolk, Washington,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston,
all without sufficient defenses, all exposed to the
attacks of a hostile army; shall they be provided
with defenses? is the question.
The President of the United States, in his
message to Congress of the 23d of February last,
announcing the proffered mediation of Great
Britain, with a wisdom and patriotism which ad-
dresses itself to the confidence and approval of the
American people, availed himself of the maxim of
the beloved Father of his Country, and renews,
in the most energetic manner, the admonition, in
peaceprepare for war; after speaking of the want
of effective preparation in which a contest with
France would nave found us, says: "From the
nature of our institutions, the movements of the Gov-
ernment in preparation for hostilities, must ever be
too slow for the exigencies of unexpected war." In
the concluding paragraph of the message he says;
"If we desire to secure peace, one of the most power-
ful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be
known that we are at all times ready for war." The
honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
seizes hold of these two paragraphs, and charges
upon them inconsistency. He says, if the prin-
ciple of the first paragraph be true, the recom-
mendation of the fatter cannot be effected. With
that deference which I feel for all the opinions of
the honorable gentleman, I feel confident in the
assertion, that the mostfastidious criticism cannot
torture the expression into the slightest incon-
sistency. In the first paragraph, the President,
speaking of the,slow operations of our system,
regards it as too slow to make ample preparation
for sudden, unexpected war; a truth which severe
experience has fully and lamentably taught us.
To avoid this evil; to avoid the serious results of
sudden,unexpected hostilities, and the consequent
calamities attendant uponit, he urges on the nation
the necessity of being always prepared to repel
every aggression, when or wherever it may come;
he warns us against the effects of that lethargy
incident to our institutions, of postponing our
preparations for repelling aggression until the
danger is upon us. The mt ssage is hot only
consistent, bat wise and patriotic.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee here,
in very emphatic terms, inquired what was meant
by the maxim, " in peace prepare for war.'' Does
it mean, said he, that preparation made by the
monarchies of Europe, ,by a system of large
standing armies and heavy taxation.' To this I
answer, no. Washington meant no such thing,
nor does the President, mean any such thing.
Our system is opposed to standing armies; so
was Washington,and so is the President opposed
to them; they mean by the maxim,'' in peace pre-
pare for war," the preparation of a well-organized
and well-disciplined militia, and all the material
of war, with suitable means of defenses, so ar-
ranged that they may be brought into speedy
action in eases of emergency; such a system as
Washington recommended, followed by. Jeffer-
son, Madison, and Monroe, and such as the
President has now recommended. If, I could
suspect the President of favoring a large stand-
ing army I would, without hesitation, not only
abandon his Administration, but would do my
utmost to opposeit. But, sir, he means no such
thing; he values liberty and our free institutions
too highly; he has made, too many sacrifices to
preserve them.
„,The honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] without indicating that most oí all
of the fortifications proposed are not necessary
to our security, inquires whether this is the
proper time, being on the eve of a presidential elec-
tion, and whether we have such confidence in the
ability and integrity of those who will have the dis-
bursement of the appropriations, as to justify us in
making themi These are not the words, but I
think the substance of what the honorable gen-
tleman said. As to the objection growing out
of the fact that we are on the eve of a presiden-
tial election, I think it is not of much force; for
if a system of national defense is postponed
until the nation is clear of the agitation and ex-
citement of a presidential election, we shall never
commence the work; for so soon as one election
is over the agitation of another commences, and
thus the subject is perpetually agitated, and
would perpetually bar any action upon this sub-
ject. As to the question of confidence, I will
only now say that I have sufficient confidence in
the Administration to confide to its care the dis-
bursement of the funds necessary to be appro-
priated for all necessary works of defense; a con-
fidence, I think, well justified by the experience
of the past, as I shall hereafter be able to prove
most satisfactorily when I come to reply to the
gentleman's charges against it.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Thompson,] who so ably and so eloquently
addressed the committee on this subject, made no
particular objection to any item of appropriation
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means. He professed, and no doubt sincerely,
a willingness and readiness to vote liberal appro-
Enations for the purposes of national defense,
ut did not signify whether he approved all or
either of the appropriations proposed, not even
the one now under consideration. The objection
was, that many of them are not recommended
by the Departments having charge of the various
branches of the public service, and that they
were not based upon executive estimates, as they
should be. The Executive ,has done all it could
do. It has reported to you the true condition of
the defenses of the country and the Navy; in its
annual reports it has pointed out where defenses
are needed, and estimated the cost upon the best
data within its reach; it has recommended im-
provements in the "Navy and navy-yards, and
■estimated the costs; it remains for Congress to
conform its action to those estimates according as
it may deem them accurate and necessary for the
public service. All inquiries from the House or
its committees have had as prompt answers as
circumstances would permit. But I do not under-
stand the reason why nothing can be done here
without t executive recommendation and executive
estimates. I cannot perceive why this House or
a committee may Hot act upon its own knowledge,
without regard to executive recommendation or
executive estimate, when it perceives measures
necessary for the public service. It is true, the
Constitution requires the Executive, from time
to time, to recommend such measures as it may
deem necessary for the public good; but the Con-
stitution does not require, Congress to limit its
action to the measures recommended by the Ex-
ecutive, or to adopt them. Congress has no bar-
rier to its action but the limits of the Constitution;
and it is the Department principally charged with
these duties to which the country looks for wise
and salutary legislation. Hitherto the Executive
has been, according to some, too officious and
intermeddling, taking too much responsibility; now
all responsibility is to be .thrown upon the Exec-
utive, and gentlemen will not act upon some sub-
jects without ereewtwe recommendation and execu-
tive estimates.
The debate on the part of my friend from South
Carolina ■ [Mr, Thompson] was confined princi-
pally to a charge of inequality favorable to the
North in the naval appropriation bill, by which
to prove favoritism to the North and neglect of the
South. In order to do this, the honorable gentle-
man has exhibited a table showing proposed
appropriations to the Ndrth exceeding those
proposed' for' the South by about $11,000,000.
Ttiis table; taking the principle upon which the
calculation is based, is true; but the principle is
wrong, and the calculation, however accurate as
to figures,is wrong in-its results. The honorable
gentleman, in order to sustain the immense dis-
parity which his table exhibits, has counted Vir-
ginia a noriftern State, and classed the proposed
expenditures upon the defenses of the Chesapeake
with appropriations for what he calls the favored
northern region. Virginia has hitherto been
classed and considered a southern State. Her
defenses must be considered southern; they afford
protection and defense not only to Virginia, but
to Maryland, and North Carolina, mainly to the
latter, and thcyha\e been considered the most
important on our whole maritime frontier. Vir-
ginia will not ask to be classed with the North or
South; she is content with being Virginia, and
1
