248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
■■      - — ■                     ■       .                                                                   t--------      -    -    ---------------------"-------------------"-----------------------------------------------------—-----------------------------—------------------------------■-----------------------
24th Cong....1st Sess.            Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of R
EPS.
my colleague [Mr. Mercer.] My honorable
colleague, [Mr. Archer,] when the amendment
was offered, called for the ayes and noes, and, to
our gratification, it was rejected by the votes of "the
party" from New York, united with the strict con-
structionists of the South. "VVe congratulated our-
selves upon the triumph; and I remember well
that I was cordially congratulated by several
gentlemen from New York upon the evidence
which they had then given us that they were with
the South on the question of internal improve-
ments. I relied upon their evidences and their
smiles, but was doomed to disappointment, and,
in turn, to defeat. My colleague [Mr. Mercer]
and the national Republicans, as they are called,
generally, seeing the manner in which their favo-
rite appropriation for surveys had been defeated,
turned round and united with the strict construc-
tionists in voting against the harbors of .A/em York
and Ohio. Thus we, in fact, defeated the whole
bill; but the rejection lasted only twenty-four hours,
for the moment "ifte party" of New York saw
their harbors fail, tltey forgot they were against the
principles of internal improvement whiclt they admit-
ted, and all admit, is involved in the appropriation
for surveys, came in the next day, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote rejecting the amendment of
my colleague: it was moved by Mr. Beardslet,
of New York. The amendment, then,was passed
by their votes. The vote rejecting the harbors was
then reconsidered—the bill containing surveys
and harbors was passed, and the President of the
United States signed and sanctioned the act with all
its features of internal improvement in every form.
Mr. GARLAND resumed.   I do not doubt at
all the truth of the statement of my friend from
Virginia.   I know he would make no intentional
misstatement; nor is it material to my argument
to vindicate or defend the course of members on
this floor, who may act inconsistently with them-
selves; that is their own business, with which I
have no  concern, and with which I shall not
meddle; but I do not think the annual appropria-
tion of $30,000, referred to by my colleague, at
all conflicts with the truth of the assertion; for
there is nothing in it, nor has there been any
practice under it, incompatible with the principles
of the Maysville veto.   The first appropriation
for plans and surveys was made on the 30th. of
April, 1824, and is in these words:   " Be it en-
' acted, Sec,  That the President of the United
' States is hereby authorized to cause the neces-
' sary surveys, plans, and estimates to be made
' of the routes of such roads and canals as he
' may deem of national importance in a commer-
' ciaf or military point of view, or necessary for
' the transportation of the public mail; designat-
* ing, in the case of each canal, what points may
' be made capable of sloop navigation," &c, in
which the surveys to be made are to be for works
of " national importance," ana in its execution re-
stricted to such works as are of national import-
ance in a commercial or military point of view, or
necessary for the transportation of the public mail.
The first appropriation for this object during this
Administration is in these words:   " For defrtiy-
' ing the expenses incidental to making examina-
' tions and surveys for national works under the act
' of thirtieth April, one thousand eight hundred
' and twenty-four, &c, $30,000." Act of May
31, 1830; in which the appropriation directly re-
fers to the surveys, &c, contemplated by the act
of 1824, and only incorporates the principles of
that act.    Every appropriation since is in the
same language, and is made to procure the sur-
veys,  plans, &c, contemplated by the act of
1824; and are expressly restricted to the objects
named in that act.    Whatever, then, is wrong in
the annual appropriation referred to by my friend
from Virginia, is to be traced to the act of 1824,
for which the Republican Administration of Mr.
Monroe is responsible.    In that act, the distinc-
tion is taken between local and national works, and
is the distinction taken in the Maysville veto, and
running throughout the messages of President
Jackson.
Í admit, sir, for I never will disguise truth for
any consideration, that this annual appropriation
pf $30,000 contains within it a principle of internal
improvement, not an unrestricted and unlimited
principle, such as was claimed by the preceding
administration,but a restricted principle restricted
to national works, the very principle of the veto.
Yet, sir, I am free to confess that this principle
is broader than my own notion of constitutional
power, and incompatible with the strict doctrine
of the Virginia school upon this subject. I dis-
agree with the President as to the power which
he asserts over rivers within a State, or where
the junsdiction of two States extends over it.
I am not attempting to prove that the doctrines
of the President are entirely in accordance with
the Virginia doctrines upon this subject; I know
they are not, and he never pretended that they
were. I am only contending that he is consistent
with himself in principle and practice in relation
to this subject, and in this practice he has done
much, very much, to restore the practice of the
Government to the true constitutional standard,
for which he has my sincere thanks.
To prove that the practice of the Administration,
in the expenditure of the annual appropriation
for surveys, &c., before referred to, has been in
accordance with the principles of the veto, I here
read an extract from the report of the able and
intelligent head of the Topographical Department,
charged with the duty of making surveys, &c.,
upon the principle upon which this fund is ex-
pended, and proving that not one cent has been
expended upon_ local works: " The rules (says
' the report) which have been prescribed for this
' office in these matters are as follows: That, 1st,
' surveys ordered by law, and for which there
' are generally specific appropriations, should be
' attended to.
"2. Surveys ordered by resolutions of Con-
* gress. The expenses of these are paid out of
' the annual appropriation for surveys, including
' the pay of the civil engineers, which is taken
' out of the same appropriation.
" 3. Surveys of a national, or highly interesting
' commercial character, applied for by States or
' incorporated companies. In these cases such
' officers as can be spared (with their instruments)
' are allowed to be assigned. Ml other expenses,
' including those for additional engineers or addi-
' tional instruments, are supplied by the parlies inter-
' ested in the survey, the United States being subjected
' to no charge on these accounts; or, in other words,
' confining the aid from the United States to the mere
' loan of such engineers, and of such instruments as
' can be conveniently spared."
Here, then, is proof that the manner in which
this annual appropriation is disbursed, is compat-
ible with the strictestletter of the Maysville veto.
I ask, then, what survey has been made in con-
flict with it? Mr. Mercer said, "that as his
colleague had called for a case, he would give the
survey for ashipcanal around the Niagara falls."
It is true the survey of the canal designated
by my honorable colleague [Mr. Mercer] was
made by the Topographical Department, but not
one cent of the expense was paid out of the public
money; it was paid for by private subscription.
My colleague also designates the Marshill road,
in the State of Maine, as a local work, at war
with the principles of the Maysville veto. This,
sir, is a military road, constructed from a mil-
itary post on the Maine and Canada frontier, into
the interior of Maine, by which supphesare trans-
ported to that post, and is the only road by which
they can be transported. This being a military
road, and necessary to military operation, con-
nected with a military post, is certainly constitu-
tional. I think the cases singled out are not at
all at war with the professed principles of the
President, and that I have succeeded in proving
that his practices upon this subject are in strict
conformity with his professed principles.
The charge of prodigal and excessive expendi-
ture upon works of internal improvement, by this
Administration, when impartially and thoroughly
examined, will be found unsustainable. The
whole amount expended is $4,930,176 92, includ-
ing the expenditures of the year 1829; for the
expenditures of 1829 were the result of appropri-
ations made in the preceding Administration.
There must also be deducted the whole expendi-
ture upon the Cumberland road, amounting to
$2,600,511. This road was authorized and com-
menced in Mr. Jefferson's Administration, has
been the subject of appropriations by every suc-
ceeding Administration, and could not with pro-
priety be vetoed by the President, as the whole
work, so far as completed, would have been lost.
The acts I regard as unconstitutional, although
sanctioned by high authority of Mr. Jefferson,
and shall vote against any further appropriation
for it. The President, in his Maysville veto, ex-
pressly disapprobates the original law; yet he
avowed his determination not to arrest works
commenced by his predecessors. From this
amount is also to be deducted #388,200 93 for
expenditures upon works authorized and com-
menced by preceding Administrations, leaving
the net sum of $1,941,434 56, expended by author-
ity of the present Administration, and for which
it is alone responsible. This expenditure, mod-
erate when compared with the amount charged
upon the Administration by its opponents, has
been expended principally in the improvement of
bays, harbors, and navigable rivers, for the ac-
commodation of foreign and domestic commerce,
and for the improvement of the Territories which
are entirely dependent upon the Government.
View this subject, then, in its true light, and all
will admit that, in relation to it, gross injustice
has been done to this Administration. In its
course there is much to approve,but little to dis-
approve.
But if the amount of expenditure upon objects
of internal improvement nas elicited so much
alarm, I ask how much is the country indebted
to the firmness of the President in arresting the
many local and extravagant schemes which were
proposed, and about to be proposed, when the
Maysville veto was presented ? It is said there
were in bills and reports, in both Houses, in the
session preceding the Maysville veto, schemes of
a general and local character, which would have
cost the Government upwards of $100,000,000.
Mr. MERCER interposed and said, that the
statement was not true; that he had before pro-
nounced it false; that all the bills and schemes
reported by the committees would not have cost
one-fifth of that sum.
Mr. GARLAND. I make the statement, Mr.
Chairman, upon the authority of the President's
message of December, 1834, which I now have
before me. Whether the President or my col-
league is mistaken, I shall not here stop to determ-
ine; it is a matter of calculation. The reports
and bills are here, and will speak for themselves,
and correct afty error of calculation in relation
to them. Whether the error be with my col-
league or the President, it is immaterial now for
me to determine, for, in either case, a very prodi-
gal and excessive expenditure has been prevented.
This is not all upon the same authority; it is
stated that there were petitions and memorials
for works of internal improvement, which were
estimated at about $100,000,000 more. If this
be so, and I do not doubt it, I ask if the country
does not owe a heavy debt of gratitude to the
present Administration for the achievement of so
much of principle and of economy? I leave the
impartial to decide upon this subject. Whatever
blame there is must rest upon Congress, as the
annexed table shows what has been estimated by
the Administration, for purposes of internal im-
provement, and what has been appropriated by
Congress:
Estimate.              Jlppropriation.
1831............#639,216 59       $1,035,494 44
1832..........1,018,811 23          1,280,006 75
1833..........1,011,983 30         1,090,953 30
1834..........1,523,871 00         1,777,757 36
$4,193,882 12
«5,194,111 85
4,193,882 12
Excess over Executive estimates..$1,000,229 73
The increase of works necessarily increased
estimates for their continuance.
The next subject of complaint in support of
the charge that this Administration has not prac-
ticed upon its professed principles is, the extrav-
agance and prodigality of its expenditures. In
determining the truth of this charge it is neces-
sary to determine the true signification and mean-
ing of the word economy; whether the principle
of economy is to be determined by the necessity,
