1836.]
APPENDIX Td THE CONGRESSIONAL GIJOBE.
fi58
24th CoKG....1st Sess.
Naty Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Hm «tf R pa.
so as to refer the election of Senators directly to
the people.    (Page 378.)
February 19: no effort made by Mr. Gilmer
to take up his resolutions.
February 25: Mr. Wilde moved to suspend
the rules, so as to take up and consider the reso-
lutions of Mr. Gilmer—yeas 112, nays 92.
By tMwmimous consent, the consideration of the
resolutions were suspended for the present, and
the House proceeded to dispatch business on the
Speaker's table.
Same day,resolutions taken up, and, on motion
of Mr. Gilmer, amended. The amendment does
not materially vary the original resolutions, and
need not be repeated.    (See Journal, 483.)
Same day, Air. Speight moved an amend-
ment, that the presidential term should be six,
instead of four years; and the President to be
ineligible to a second term. (Journal, page 454.)
Rejected—yeas 41, nayB 162.
Same day, Mr. Gholbow offered an amend'
merit by striking out some passages. (Journal,
455.)
February 27th: Mr. Gn.MS.ft moved to «spend
the several orders of the day, to take up and
consider the resolutions; many of the friends of
the Administration voting hi favor of taking up—
among them Mr. Polk—and many against it,
and many of the Opposition voting both for and
against.
Same day, the consideration of the resolutions
was resumed, and Mr. Gholsox withdrew bis
amendment.
Mr. Gorham (an opposition member) moved
to lay the resolutions o  the table.
Mr. Btueos (an opposition member) moved to
adjourn: rejected—yeas 38, nays 186.   (Page
Motion to lay on the table-, rejected—yeas 39>
nays 129.   (Pake 488.)
After further debate, Mr. Vmt>** o .L moved
to adjourn: rejected—yeas 59, nays 112. (Page
480.)
Debate resumed. Mr. Plummeu, & friend of
Judge White, was addressing the House, when
he was called to order by Mr. Wise, on the
ground that his remarks were irrelevant, imper'-
tinent, and profane: decided to be Out of order,
but had leave to proceed—yeas 136, nays 38.
(Page 480.)
After further debate, the House adjourned.
(Page 481.) This was on the 28th of February,
but six days before the expiration, and is the
last proceeding On this resolution.
Ttehonoreblegentlemanfrom Tennessee states
mat the majority of the select committee, to
which the President's message, and the resolu-
tions referred to, was committed, wa# composed
of a majority of the friends of the Vice President,
the purity and fidelity of ¡some of whom cannot
be doubted; and from thence strongly insinuates
thai the difficulty with the committee in coming
to an agreement  chargeable to their opposition
to the proposed amendment. 1 think that the
history of the pregreseof this proposition proves,
most clearly, that the honorable gentleman has
ascribed the failure to the Wrong causé. There
is little doubt that Mr  Gilmer sought to ingraft
opon the report of the committee all the proposi-
tions and details contained in the resolution which
he submitted to the House on the 31*t of January,
involving a variety of propositions of very serious
and important concern, and deserving grave and
deliberate consideration; for" it was said in the
House, by Mr'. Speight Of North Care  *, "that
'although the committee &*  «• * «**> agrtf-
'itunt, generally, l*ey rffcf <#**> «átkeme-eéétpHmt,
'to that part rtlatiti to the thctixm-of PrttHent aaH
'Vice President of the United Statu." This is
proof conclusive that, upon the suftpl* preposi-
tion of taking from the House of Répíesentatlveh
any partkibatie* in the eleetion of President and
Vice President, the committer found no difficulty
in coming ft  art agreement; bu* that the conflict
of opinion arose upon the proposition afterwards
submitted to the House by Mr. Gilme*; and
that this was the real cause why there was no
action by the committee; for, let it be remarked
that, on the very day Mr. Gfikrte* reported that
the committee could come to no agreement, he
submitted his resolution*!
The views of the present incumbent of the
chair, [Mr. Polk,] to whom some reference has
been made by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, were favorable to this amendment of the
Constitution. In the discussion upon Mr. Gilmer's
resolutions, he pointed out what he regarded a
defect in the resolutions, and made the remarks
which 1 will now read: Mr. Polk said " he be-
' lieved he had discovered a very important omis-
• sion in the resolutions; they nowhere stated the
«number of votes to which each State was enti-
'tled, although they laid down the mode and
• manner in which the elections should be held
'Mr. P. said, that his views in many points re-
« sembled those of the gentleman from Georgia;
• but in making important fundamental changes
'in our Constitution it became the House to
'pause and deliberate. Mr. P. was, for a single
' term, against on eleetion by that House, and would
• in all eases confiné the eleetion tó the people; but
' he did not think that they should pass upon so
' weighty a subject in half an hour's deliberation.
• He again avowed himself in favor of the princi-
' pies of the resolutions, and referred to his for-
• mer course in support of them."
The approbation, then, of the present Speaker,
of the proposed amendment, is not a matter of
doubt. It is expressed in the remarks which 1
have quoted, in the most unequivocal terms; and
the manifest inclination of a large majority of the
friends of the Administration in favor of the
amendment, is to be found in their votes upon
every question taken by yeas and nays upon this
subject. Whet , therefore,it is considered that the
last session of Congress was what is familiarly
called A short session; that the proposition in-
volved alterations and amendments in the Consti-
tution,of the most grave and important character;
the late period when they were called up; and that
Mr. GBmér attio time seriously pressed the de 
cisive action of the House upon the subject, the
propriety of the course taken by the House is
strikingly manifest, and will be approved by the
eOubiry. These • amendments and alterations
were, no doubt, introduced merely for the consid-
eration of the people,-to-be finally acted upon at
the present session.- ■ A ■report upon this subject
has been made by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and will, no doubt, be-acted opon by the House
-during the present session. But, sir, the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee has himself been
numbered among the friends of this amendment
of the Constitution'/ it has been earnestly pressed
by the President ever since-hi  inauguration into
office. I ask, then, why it is the gentleman him-
self has not been found pressing this amendment,
it being, in his- view, eo vejy-important? ' The
gentleman stands involved in all the consequences
of the failure of the majority, of which He was
one, to act apon this subject, and mast take his
■hare of responsibility to the people.
The honorable gentleman, in alluding to some
of the members of the select committee, to whose
consideration the'reaolutions were referred, spoke
of them as gentlemen whose party fidelity could
not be deuttedi This, sir, is a compliment of no
ordinary character; and I appeal to the testimony
of the honorable gentleman hiras*If, afforded in
« speech ascribed to him, (whether justly or not
I do not know, for I find merely an extract in the
-newspapers,) delivered at Nashville since the hist
session of Congeess. In speaking of the diflU
caltSes under which the Administration bbowtd in
relation to the public deposits, he «aide              '
"It vwj not spcktki* tlu JrUn&tf the JMndnta-
s trattm tUfod'oniidtd tf; itvta  soft , true and t*fé,
. From this expression, i asa tute ttae genÜenula
from Tennessee will not «egáfai howat pm*j0Mk
'{% with airy displeasure! 'Upon the whole,  I
thiwk the gentleman irdm'Tenhestee has railed
to fix upon the fMeod&of the A3*miniswatioi , nf
what he calls "the part*," the responsibility <M?
the failure of the amendment, or any insincerity
in their advocacy of it.                  •        i '
Much has been said, Mr. Chairman, by all the
gentlemen who have preceded me in this debate,
about the irhmense surplus ih the Treasury* and
its rapid increase. I here submit a statement
showing the actual amount of the surplus at the
close of the laatyaar; an;d what-wül be its prob-
able amount at the close of the current year, d*>
pendent upon the appropriations of the present
session.
1.  The actual surplus in the Treasury on the
1st of January, 1836, after deducting unavailable
funds, and all outstanding appropriations, was
about #18,000,000.
The balance on hand was about $25,731,152,
and the outstanding appropriations near eight
millions. This surplus was larger thaa had been
previously estimated, on account of the great im*
portations in the last quarter of the year, made
before the apprehended difficulties with France
should probably end in commercial restrictions
and war; and on account of the unexpected con-
tinuance of extravagant speculations in public
lands through the months of November and De 
cember.
2.  The amount of the surplus at the close of
1836 will of course depend on the receipts during
the year and the expenditures, which have not
yet been ascertained for a single month with en-
tire accuracy.
But if the estimates made' in the last annual
report of the receipts should be exceeded by
three or four millions of dollars, as seems prob-
able from the large imports to supply the destruc-
tion ef goods by fire in New York, and from a
continuance in January and February of large
purchases of public lanas, then the whole receipts
in the year may be expected to equal about
|25,000,000; The receipts from lands are so un-
certain, they may exceed or fall short <r[ the
allowance included in the above computation.
I do not see any indications that the United
States Bank intends to pay into the Treasury
much, if any, of our'capital stock during 1836, so
as to swell the surplus from that source.
From this $25,000,000 is to be deducted the
expenditure during 1836, of new appropriations',
which hare been estimated in the annual report
at about #23,000,000.
_ If the expenditures in 1886 of new appropria-
tions should equal that sum, the balance of re-
ceipts in the year* would exceed the expenditure
about #2,000,000.
But if to those expenditures, as estimated seven
months ago, are added the new hems for the Flor-
ida war) and other incidents, equaling #5^066^806
the balance of expenditures over receipts would
be #3,000,000, and thus what might be chafed a
surplus in the'Treasury, January, 183T, would
be only about #15,000,000, instead of what it was
January 1,1836, of about #18,000,000.
Should Congress, however, appropriate still
more to fortifications and the Navy, to build cus-
tom-houses, &c., &c, than was contemplated in
the estimates submitted last December, (and it is
expected they may to the amount of at least six
or seven millions,) all that excess will pro-tanto
reduce the surplus below fifteen nulhons, sad
make it not over seven or eight millioiis. So if
the- receipts from duties are actually postponed
much to subsequent years by the New York fire
bill, or are diminished by any large remission of
duties, the surplus will be further reduced. Oa
the contrary, the receipts from lafnd ,lfac.+may be
larger, and then it will be increased.
From thir statement, there was actually i 
the Treasury, ai the close of the year, about
#10,000,000, after deducting actual expenditures,
and unexpended smpronciation  whidk «mat be
expended; And thW sir,i **inHBSaisB*wrtu*
over; which.the Eaceeutive wieids ait uacontroUEd
«nthocstr* ■"* *"* ^r*™** tte-natíod ir'to be
onrnipW.! Sir,it.^true^iti iBpittly-uicimasing,
taáwiM-rfwtitMiiir totdw so, amies  we pees the
ftowsmrrapproOTatie* trills. Sin tms smlus,
with the decreasing duties under the act of 1M2,
WiH riot-remma tong,*MiDUgh H-aitawnts m cal-
calati.ni almost*  #5O/00ft<00Ü,but will be oiriyia
etletdotioct, mrt in cash. I am  Mr.. Chairman,
much amused at the change in the state of things'.
Two yeawagn we hemd nothing but wofal pro-
tofeedea of •*- bankrupt Treasury «ndr a rutned
people A resort to direct taxation, arising from
the ftíly andusurpationa of this Administration,
medicted with great confidence.   Th  very
year was the period of fiilnHment^when, 1© and
behold! we are not alarmed on account ot-abank-
rupt Treasury and a ruined country, but, sir,
