1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
24th Cong....1st Sess.
ftavy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
' principle in the republican creed, give healthful
'action to the system."
If nnv man can discern in these views of the
President the slightest accordance with the prin-
ciples of the bill from the Senate, he has more
acuteness than I have. The Senate's bill proposes
to repeal the limitation of four years entirely,
while the President recommends an enlargement
of the limitation of four years to nearly all the
offices under ¡lie Government; certainly a very
material difference. The Senate's bill requires
the President to assign his reasons for removal;
the President nowhere intimates the propriety of
such a requisition.
Mr. Chairman, it was a leading object in the
formation of our Government, to divide it into
three separate and independent departments,
legislative, executive, and judicial, leaving each,
as far as practicable, uncontrolled and untram-
meled in its action by the interference of the
other. This is a constitutional division and a
constitutional object; the principle has been sanc-
tioned by our most distinguished patriots and
statesmen. The executive power is placed in the
hands of the President by the Constitution; and
however unwise the investment, if it be so, he
cannot be divested of it but by constitutional
amendment. Among the most efficient powers
vested by the Constitution in the Prrtsident, is the
power of removal from office. The importance
attached to this executive power is well illustrated
by the fact, that in the first session of Congress,
after the formation of the Constitution, a provis-
ion attached to the bill organizing the State De-
partment, authorizing the President to remove
the Secretary from office at pleasure, was stricken
out on the ground that the power was constitu-
tional and could not be conferred by law. The
proposition to strike out that provision gave rise
to a long and able debate, in which the question,
whether the power of removal was derived from
the Constitution or not,.was ably and elaborately
discussed. Mr. Madison, who participated
largely in that debate, said, while discussing the
President's power of removal:
" But there is another part of the Constitution which in-
clines, in my judgment, to favor the construction I put upon
it- The President is required to take care that the laws, be
faithfully executed. If the duty to see the laws faithfully exe-
cuted be required at the hands of the Executive Magistrate, it
would seem that it was generally intended he should have
that species of power which is necessary to accomplish that
end. Now, if the officer appointed is not to depend upon
the President for his official existence, but iwon a distinct
body, I confess I do not see how the President can take
care that the laws be faithfully executed."
In the same speech he said:
" If any thing in its nature is executive, it must he that
power which is employed in superintending and seeing tl-at
the laws are faithfully executed."
Again Mr. Madison said:
" 1 think it absolutely necessary that the President should
have the power of removal from office; it will make him in a
peculiar manner responsible for their conduct, and subject
him to impeachment himself, if he suffer them to perpetrate,
with impunity, high crimes and misdemeanors against the
United States, or neglect to superintend their conduct so as
tochecktheirexcesaes. On the constitutionality of the dec-
laration, I have no manner of doubt."
Mr. Giles, in a debate in 1802, upon the judi-
ciary bill, expressed the same opinion.   He said:
" In relation to newspaper scribblers, Mr. Jefferson once
«aid : ' Let them stand undisturbed, as monuments of the
safety with which error of opinion may be tolerated, where
reason is left free to combat it.'
"Mr. Giles. The President is authorized, without
limitation, to commission all the officers of the United
States. The question arises, by what tenure ? The reply
is, according to his pleasure or discretion. It was not dif-
ficult to foresee that, if the President was fully empowered
to commission as he pleased, he would commission during
his pleasure. The Legislature has no more -control over
an officer who holds an executive commission, during the
pleasure of the President, than over a judicial officer,
holding his office during good behavior—the remedy given
by the Constitution being the same in both cases, to wit:
impeachment. Nor is there any reason why the office of
the one should be less subject to the discretion of the
Legislature than the office of the other; and it seems to
be universally agreed, that although the Legislature cannot
deprive an executive officer of his office in any other way
than by impeachment during the continuance of such
oflite, yet the office is always subject to be abolished. The
fame reasoning will hold with equal force respecting a
judge and a judicial officer. The reason why the Execu-
tive is proscribed from the removal of a judge, is, to secure
to the judge the complete independence of the President,
who is not responsible for the discharge of judicial duties;
out the removal is perfectly correct in the case of an
' executive officer, because the President is highly respons- |
lblc for the due diseliaige of executive duties.   The Legis-
lature is not responsible for either, and, of course, stands
in the same constitutional relation to both.    There is the
same remedy against both—impeachment."
The late eminent. Judge Tucker, of Virginia,
expressed the same opinion. In the appendix to
his commentary upon Elaekstone, he said:
'■ The Constitution has made ample provision for his aid
in these respects, by asi-iginni; to linn ministers, to whom
the conduct of each of the executive departments may lie
committed,from whom he may require all necessary inlorm-
ation, as also their opinions in writing upon any sulnect
relating to the duties of their respective offices ; and whom
he may, moreover, remove at pleasuie."
In further support of this claim of constitutional
power for the Executive, I here quote from Mr.
Calhoun's speech upon the removal of the de-
posits in 1834.    In that speech he said:
" I cannot doubt that the President has, under the Con-
stitution1, the right of removal from office; nor can I doubt
that the power of removal, wherever it exists, does from
necessity involve the power of general supervision ; nor can
I doubt that it might be constitutionally exercised in refer-
ence to the deposits. Reverse the present case. Sup-
pose the late Secretary, instead of being against, hart been
in favor of the removal, and that the President, instead of
for, had been against it, deeming their removal not only
inexpedient, but, under the circumstances, illegal; would
any man doubt, that, under such circumstances, he had a
j right to remove his Secretary, if ifwere the only means of
preventing the removal of the deposits i Nay, would it
not have been his indispensable duty to have removed him ?
| And had he not, would not he have been universally and
justly held responsible ?"
In further support of this claim, I quote from
Mr. Clay's speech at Fowler's Garden, in which,
while he declaimed against the abuse, by fair
inference admitted the constitutional power of
removal.
" The President is invested with the tremendous power of
dismission, to be exercised for the public good, and not to
gratify any private passions orpurposes. It was conferred
to prevent the public from suffering through faithless or in-
competent officers. It was made summary, because, if the
slow process of trial before a judicial tribunal were resorted
to, the public might be greatly injured during the progress
and priorto the decision of the case."  .
These opinions are founded upon the principle
that the President, being charged by the Consti-
| tution with the whole executive power, is respon-
sible to the country for the due and faithful exe-
I cution of the laws: his oath requires it at his
j hands.    In support of this opinion, I quote from
Mr. Jefferson's letter to Monsieur De Tracy:
" While the tranquil and steady tenor of our single Ex-
ecutive, during a course of twenty-two years of the roost
tempestuous times the history of the world has ever pre-
sented, gives a rational hope that this important problem is
at length solved. Aided by the counsels of a cabinet of
heads of Departments, originally four, but now five, with
whom the President consults, either singly or all together,
he has the benefit of their wisdom and information, brings
their views to one center, and produces an unity of action
and direction in all the branches of the Government. The
excellence of this construction of the executive power has
already manifested itself here under very opposite circum-
stance. During the Administration of our first President,
his Cabinet of four members was equally divided by as
marked an opposition of principle as monarchism and re-
publicanism could bring into conflict. Had that Cabinet been
1 a directory, like positive and negative quantities in algebra,
the opposing wills would have balanced each other, and
! produced a state of absolute inaction. But the President
i heard with calmness the opinions and reasons of each, de-
I cided the course to be pursued, and kept the Government
; steadily in it, unaffected by the agitation. Thepubhcknevv
well the dissensions of the Cabinet, but never had an uneasy
thought on their account, because they knew also they had
provided a regulating power which would keep the machine
in steady movement."
I also refer to Mr. Madison's opinion in the
debate before referred to, and just quoted. I also
refer to Judge Tucker's commentary on Black-
stone, appendix to 1st volume, part 1, in which
he says:
" The true point of responsibility rests upon the shortness
of the period for vihich a President of the United State  is
elected, and the power which the people possess of rejecting
him at a succeeding election."
The same able author says:
" Responsibility pursues him (the President) in every situ-
ation, whether active or passive; sleeping or awake a sen-
timent the truth of which is confirmed by that unerring test,
experience."
And to the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, expressed
in a letter to General Hamilton in 1828, in which
he says:
" No relation can be more confidential than that between
the President and members of the Cabinet, as his constitu-
tional advisers, charged as he is with the executive duties
of the Government, which were vested in a single person
to give energy and promptitude in execution."
The principle of unity in the executive de-
partment, as maintained by all our distinguished
statesmen, necessarily attaches to it responsibil-
ity, and with that responsibility the power of re-
moval; for it would be most outrageous to hold
the President responsible for the faithful execu-
tion of the laws, and at the same time compel him
to retain in office a set of unworthy officers, who
would thwart his views' and resist his authority,
preventing the prompt and faithful execution of
the laws. I should have thought the construc-
tion of the Constitution, by its very authors, the
uniform practice ever since, would have settled
this principle so far as to prevent any effort to
change it by acts of Congress. In this, however,
I am mistaken; and this bill from the Senate has
that object in view.
Regarding, as 1 do, that the power of removal
is a power conferred on the President by the
Constitution, I have not examined into the details
of the bill with a view to ascertain their probable
effects; but, at the threshold, find it a bill to re-
peal a constitutional principle by operation of
law. The executive and legislative departments
being both creatures of the Constitution, and co-
ordinate branches of the Government, I cannot
consent that the one shall destroy or impair the
independent constitutional powers of the other.
Hence, sir, I am, in principle opposed to this
bill; it seeks to destroy, by law, the power of
removal conferred by the Constitution. Mr.
Chairman, it will be dangerous to permit such
insidious encroachments, by law, as these, upon
the Constitution; the principles of the Constitu-
tion should be preserved unimpaired, and when-
ever the construction of its powers is doubtful,
the only safe way to settle the question of power
is to appeal to the source of all power—the peo-
ple. Sir, upon this question, I am asked to re-
peal, by law, a power of the Constitution ac-
knowledged and acted upon for near fifty years.
Gentlemen should pause, and reflect well upon
the consequences of the act before they consum-
mate it. I, for one, will not touch this power by
law.
There is another important question connected
with this bill from the Senate, and that is, whether
it is not, in its effects^ calculated not only to impair
the constitutional power of the Executive, but to
add, to a dangerous extent, to the legislative
power. Sir, while I admit that there is danger
to liberty and' our free institutions in the construc-
tion of the executive department, and that it
should be watched, with unsleeping and untiring
vigilance, by a people jealous of their liberties,
yet I believe that there is more danger to liberty
and free institutions in the legislative department,
growing out of its immense powers, than from
the Executive; for it has in its hands the power
of war and taxation—the two most dangerous
powers to liberty which could be imparted to it.
Waiving my own views, 1 here subjoin an ex-
tract from the forty-eighth number of the Feder-
alist, page 248:
" The founders of our republics have so much merit for
the wisdom which they have displayed, that "no task can be
less pleasing than that of pointing out the errors into which
they have fallen. A respect for truth, however, obliges us
to remark, that they ieem never for a moment to have
turned their eyes from the danger to liberty, from the over-
grown and all-grasping prerogative of an hereditary magis-
trate, supported and fortified by an hereditary riranch of the
legislative authority. They seem never to nave recollected
the danger from legislative usurpations, which, by assem-
bling all power in the same hands, must lead to the same
tyranny as is threatened by executive usurpation.
"In a Government where numerous and extensive pre-
rogatives are placed in the hands of a hereditary monarch,
the executive department is very justly regarded as the
source of danger, and watched with all the jealousy which
a zeal for liberty ought to inspire. In a democracy, where
a multitude of people exercise in person the legislative func-
tions, ahd are continually exposed, by their incapacity for
regular deliberation and concerted measures, to the am-
bitious intrigues of their executive magistrates, tyranny
may well be apprehended, on some favorable emergency, to
start up in the same quarter. But in a representative re-
public, where the executive magistracy is carefully limited,
both in the extent and the duration of its power, and where
the legislative power is exercised by an assembly, which is
inspired, by a supposed influence over the people, with an
intrepid confidence in its own strength, which is suffi-
ciently numerous to feel all the passions which actuate a
multitude, yet not so numerous as to be incapable of pur-
suing the objects of its passions by means which reason
prescribes, it is against the enterprising ambition of this
