256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation BiU—Mr. Garland, of Virginia.
Ho. of Reps.
department that the people ought to indulge all their jeal-
ous and oxhau-t all their precautions
•' The legislative department derives a superiority in our
Government  from other cncumstances. Unconstitutional
poiveis being at once more exten-ive, and less susceptible
of precise limits, it can, with the greater facility, mask,
under complicated and indirect measures, the encroach-
ments which it makes on the coordinate depirtments. It
is not unfrequentlv a que-tion of real meet} in legislative
bodies, whether the operation of a particular measure will
or will not extend be\ond the legislative sphere. On the
other side, the executive power being restrained within a
narrower compass, and being more simple in its nature, and
the judiciary being described by landmarks still less uncer-
tain, projects of u-urpation by either of these departments
would immediately betray and deleat themselves. Nor is
this all: as the legislative department alone has aecess to the
pockets ol the people, and has in some constitutions full
discretion, and in all a prevailing influence over the pecu-
niary rewards of those who fill the other departments, a
dependence is thus created in the latter, which gives still
greater facdity to encroachments of the former."
These reasons are satisfactory to my mind, and
are strengthened by the fact, that all the violent
breaches of the Constitution, the alien and sedi-
tion laws, the two national banks, the tariff, and
internal improvement system, and various others,
have had their origin in the legislative depart-
ment.
The principle of this bill is objectionable in
another point of view. If, in requiring the Pres-
ident to assign his reasons for removing an ex-
ecutive officer, the Senate only means to have the
reasons without any action upon them, then it
enables the President to stamp infamy and dis-
grace upon the character of any public officer,
who, from personal hostility or any other cause,
he may think proper to select for his victim. If
the Senate means that any action should be had
in relation to the removal, then it involves the
truth of the facts communicated by the President,
and this would present the undignified and dis-
graceful aspect of the trial of a question of ve-
racity between the President of the United States
and the removed officer—the Senate sitting in
judgment between them. Sir, this would be the
inevitable result, and who is willing to see an
officer thus disgraced, or the President of the
United States a party to an action of slander for
the discharge of his official duties? I for one, sir,
cannot consent to do it. There is no power, sir,
under the Government which may not oe abused.
We must, as far as we can, prevent it by ample
responsibility. I am as much opposed to pro-
scription as many of the opponents of the Ad-
ministration who profess opposition but practice
it to the utmost extremity, possibly can be.
If this bill be passed, it creates a life estate in
all the offices to which it applies, removes the
force of responsibility, and tends to the utter neg-
lect of the public service; for withoot ample and
sure responsibility there is but little hope of se-
curing fidelity in the discharge of public duties.
The next subject to which I shall call the at-
tention of the committee, growing out of this dis-
cussion, is that affecting our French relations.
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee charges
that all the apprehensions expressed of a state of
hostihties growing out of our relations with France
were merely pretended, to delude and deceive the
people; and that, in fact, no apprehensions of a
collision were ever entertained by the Adminis-
tration and its friends; but, he says, if the appre-
hensions were serious, the Administration was
criminally   negligent in  their preparations for
such an event, and that it may take either horn
of the dilemma.    In this opinion, Mr. Chairman,
I think that the honorable gentleman is entirely
mistaken.   Sir, I propose briefly to examine the
history of our controversy with France, and to
present the prominent fact  in their proper point
of view before the American people.   It will not
be denied, I presume, by any mah, that the insult
of our flag, and spoliations upon our commerce,
capturing and burning our ships from 1606 to
1810, under the Berlin and Milan and other de-
crees, were outrages, unless redressed, which
¿'ustified war.    If these shameless and flagrant
reaches of national law, insults upon our flag,
and  confiscation  of our property, were good
causes of war, I ask the committee when was that
cause of war removed, and our grievances re-
dressed  Not, sir, till by the treaty of July, 1831.
If that treaty was an atonement for insult, and
a satisfaction for injuries, the existence of the I
insult and injury was acknowledged, and every
principle of honesty, honor, and good faith re-
quired that its stipulations should be fulfilled.
The treaty is unconditional upon its face; and
how, sir, has it been fulfilled? First, by dishon-
oring a draft drawn by our Government for the
first annual installment due under the treaty.
Secondly, by pretending that she had been in-
sulted by the President in his message to Con-
gress of December, 1834. I propose, briefly, to
examine these two pretensions.
The apology for dishonoring the draft is, that
the French Legislature had not made the appro-
priations necessary to fulfill the treaty. The
treaty was executed on the 4th of July, 1831; was
ratified by our Government on the 21st of Febru-
ary, 1832, and the fact communicated to the
French Government prior to the 8th of April,
1832. The French Chambers were then in ses-
sion, and no application made by the Government
for any appropriation. The next session of the
Chambers commenced on the 19th of November,
1832, and continued till the 25th of April, 1833;
no appropriation was proposed to the Chambers
till the 6th of April, near the close of the session;
no final action was had at that session. The next
session commenced on the 26th of April, and con-
tinued till the 26th of June, 1833; a bill of in-
demnity was introduced into the Chambers, but
no final action was had. In April, 1834, a new
session commenced, nearly three years after the
execution of the treaty, and two installments due;
the appropriation was applied for and refused.
The communication to our Minister of the fact,
that the Chambers had refused the appropriation,
was accompanied with the regrets of the King,
and a promise that, so soon as the pending elec-
tions were over, the new Chambers should be
assembled, and the appropriation again pressed.
The elections closed; the Chambers were not
convened as promised by the Kin^; and thus
stood the matter at the opening of the last session
of Congress. We had negotiated for twenty
years, took an insufficient indemnity, and then,
sir, we had been delayed another three years, in
the fulfillment of a plain, simple, unconditional
treaty. In addition to this, there was annexed
to the bill of indemnity, an article favorable to
French productions in our port, which reads
thus:
"The wtnes of Prance, from and after the exchange of
the ratifications of the present convention, «hall be admitted
to consumption in the States of the Union, at duties which
shall not exceed the following rates by the gallon, (such as
is used at present for wines in the United States,) to wit:
six cents for red wines in casks; ten cent3 for white wines
in casks; and twenty-two cents for wines of all sorts m
bottles. The proportions existing between the duties on
French wines thus reduced, and the general rates of the
tanff which went into operation the first of January, 1829,
shall be maintained, in case the Government of the United
States should think proper to dimmish those general rates
in a new tanff". In consideration of this stipulation, which
shall be binding on the United States for ten years, the
French Government abandons the reclamations which it
had formed in relation to the eighth article of the treaty of
cession of Louisiana It engajes, moreover, to establish
on the long staple cottons of the United ftates, which, after
the exchange of the ratifications of the present convention,
shall be brought directly thence to France by the vessels of
the United States or by French vessels, the game duties as
on short staple cottons."
This article, as was acknowledged by the
French Ministry, during the whole time of this
protraction, our Government was faithfully ful-
filling, and lost to the revenue, in the reduced du-
ties, hear $5,000,000. This was gross prevarica-
tion, injustice, and fra&d, wWher perpetrated by
the King or the Chambers, and demanded the
strongest resentment.
The President having this state of things befóte
him, Without any explanation -frorh the King why
the Chambers were not assembled according to
promise, made his communication to Congress,
stating the truth of the case, and recommendjng
that Congress, if it thought any further action
Should be had at this time, «hould authorize re-
prisals, in case the French Chambers should again
refuse the appropriation. The following is the
language of thisrecpmmendation: "Since France,
'in violation of the pledges given through her
' Minister here, has delayed her final action so long
'that her decision will not probably be known in
' time to be communicated to this Congress, Irec-,
' vmmend that a law be passed authorizing reprisals I
' upon French property, in case provision shall not be
' made for the payment of the debt at the approaching
'session of the French Chambers: such a measure
'ought not tobe considered by France a menace."
This is the paragraph in the message -which in-
sulted the French Chambers, whose sensibilities
seem to have been much more acute than their
sense of justice. What was it in this message
which could reasonably have been tortured into
a menace or insult> Was it that it recommended
to Congress to provide a suitable remedy in case
of another refusal to pay the money? Certainly
not; for a final refusal to perform the treaty
would have been good cause for war. Was it
that the President should express a doubt of the
fidelity of France in fulfilling the treaty ? Cer-
tainly not; for the Chambers had previously re-
fused, which was good cause of suspicion, to
say the least of it. The recommendation was
contingent, and based upon the fact that the ses-
sion of Congress, would constitutionally expire on
the 4th of March following, before the final action
of the French Government could probably be as-
certained. Suppose the French Government had
finally refused ; what was to be done ? surrender
a claim acknowledged and payment promised un-
der the high obligations of a treaty ? No Ameri-
can will say this. It was not the money alone
that required us to demand the fulfillment of the
treaty; it was a higher and more important con-
sideration : it was the faith of treaties—the obliga-
tion of national compact. How would it tell to
posterity that this high-spirited Republic had re-
ceived outrage and insult, had stipulated satisfac-
tion by treaty, and yet would not coerce its ob-
servance? Sir, we compel the little Indian tribes
and other weak nations to perform with punctual
fidelity their treaties. Is, then, France to be ex-
cused because she is powerful' No, sir; I would
spend millions to compel the execution of this
treaty; not for the paltry sum of $5,000,000 in-
volved in the controversy, but for the preservation
of the important principle of national faith—the
faith of treaties. Tins message, which has been
regarded as a menace, although the truth of the
statements have not been questioned, has been
trumpeted forth as menacing and insulting to
France, and even justifying the refusal of the
French Government to fulfill the treaty, although
there is an express disclaimer in the message of
any such design. After this message was received,
the French Chambers made an appropriation to
fulfill the tieaty, but annexed to it a condition that
the money should not be paid until an explana-
tion was made.
The manner in which the explanation was to
be made, demanded by the condition annexed to
the law of the Chambers, is, as avowed by the
Duke de Broghe,in his letter of the 26th October,
1835, in reply to Mr. Barton's inquiry whether
the French Government would fix any detei mín-
ate period when it would pay the money. " To-
' morrow, (says the Duke,) to-day, if the Govern-
' ment oj the United States is ready on its part to
4 declare to us, by address, its claim (reclamation to
' us) officially, in writing, that it regrets the mis-
' understanding which has arisen between the coun-
4 tries, that this misunderstanding is founded upon
' a mistake, and that it never entered into its inten-
' tions (pensée) to call in question the good faith of
' the French Government, nor to taking a menacing
' attitude towards France."
This condition, which was one of national dis-
honor and disgrace, the President indignantly
refused to comply with. After the President's
message, the French Government withdrew its
Minister here, and oflfered ours at that court his
passports. On the 25th of February, the Presi-
dent addressed the following message to both
Houses of Congress:
" To the Senate apd House of Representatiiet
of the United States:
" I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary of
State, with copies of all the letters received from Mr. Liv-
ingston since the message to the House of Representatives
of the 6th instant, of the instructions given to that Minister,
and of all the late correspondence with the French Gov-
ernment in Pans, or m VVa-hington. except <i noti of M.
Seruner, which, for the reasons stated in the repon, is not
now communicated.
" It will be seen that ihave deemed it roy duty to instruct
Mr Livingston to quit France, with his legation, find r turn
to the United States, if an applanation tur thetulti.li.Kiit
of tbe convention shall be refused by the Chambers.
