1636.]
APfBfíOíX TO THE CONPRESSIOJHAL GLOBE.
257
24th Coko....1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation JBUU-Mr. Garland, 0/ Virginia.
Ho. or Rcps.
«Thesubject being now,in all its present aspects, before
Conercss, whose right it is to decide what measures are to
be pursued on that event, I deem it unnecessary to make j
fanner recommendation, being confident that, on their
part, everything will be done to maintain the rights and
honor of the country which the occasion requires.
"ANDREW JACKSON.      j
In which he states the true condition of the j
controversy, and says he relies upon Congress to
do its duty to the country. On the 26th of Feb- '
roary the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
House of RepresentatiTes reported, among others,
a resolution: " Thai preparation ought t  he nade
ie meet any emergency growing out of ow relations
vilk France."
On the 28th of February Mr. Archer, of Vir-
ginia, offered this resolution in the House of
Representatives:
"Resolved, That In the just expectation that the Gov-
ernment of France will have made provision, or will make
provision, fox carrying into effect the stipulations of the
treaty of indemnity with that Government of the 4th of
July, 1831, this House will forbear, at the present time, to
adopt any measure in relation to that subject."
This resolution, which waa certainly a peaet
offering, was rejected by the House; and, after
various propositions, on the 2d of March the fol-
lowing resolution was offered and unanimously
adopted:
" Resolvti, That, in the opinion of this House, the treaty
of the 4th of July, 1831, should be maintained, and its ex-
ecatna insisted on."
On the next day a contingent appropriation of
§3,000,000 was adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives. Thus, sir, we have this case: the treaty
bad been executed without condition; France pro-
fessed to be insulted, and refused to fulfill the
treaty unless the American Government made an
apology or explanation. The American Govern-
ment refused. The House of Representatives
adopted a resolution that the fulfillment of the
treaty should be insisted on, and had voted a con-
tingent appropriation of 13,000,000 to meet emer-
gencies; and yet we are told by the gentleman
from Tennessee that the Administration never
apprehended any collision. If there was not good
canse to apprehend collision, there is no state of
things which can produce apprehension in the
relations of two Governments, each persisting in
its course, and withdrawing all diplomatic rela-
tions.
This assertion of the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee is very incompatible with the notes
which echoed through the country when the last
annual message waa delivered. It was then as-
serted, that although the message was, according
to some, pacific in appearance, it was toar in dis-
guite. Others said it was war altogether; that
the President was determined on war; that his
message repeated, without modification, the state-
ments of the preceding message, and that it
would not be satisfactory; that it was designed
to produce war, and war we should have; that
the preceding message contained the precise dis-
claimer that this did, which was not deemed sat-
isfactory. Then, air, the President desired war,
and nothing but war: now, sir, the case ia altered.
The message is received in France, and is entirely
satisfactory. There is seen in it in the United
States what cannot be seen in it in France—tear
ta disguise. Immediately on its reception, (al-
though the mediation of England ia in progress,)
the French Government, accepts this toar in dis-
gvite—this insulting explanation, as entirely satis-
factory, and notifies our Government that the
money is ready.
The truth is, Mr. Chairman, the message which
gave offense, and the message which removed it,
are precisely the same. They Assert the same
charges of want of faith, and contain the same
disclaimer; and if one was offensive the other
was. But the secret of the whole matter is, the
French Executive never did regard the message
of 1834 of so offensive a character as to justify a
refusal to perform the treaty. The first discovery
that the message waa insulting in its character,
was at home, by the opposition journals. _ I hold
in my hand an article in a very influential journal
of this city, in which the message was denounced
as offensive, and that the French Government
should so regard it.   It reads thus:
"Be this a  it may, the language held to Fraaca ia this
No. 17
massage must be regarded as most unfortunate, whether we
regard the object to be gained, or the evils and dangers to be
avoided. If anything could serve to delay for a long time,
if not to postpone forever, the payment of our claims on
that Government, it is the tone of intimidation and menace
used by the Chief Magistrate on this occasion, should the
French nation unhappily not distinguish between the per-
sonal opinions and feelings of the individual who occupies
that station, and that of the people of whom, in our foreign
intercourse, he is the restricted and limited representative.
The message, we know, disclaims all intention of menace.
But while the language of menace is held, the disclaimer
will go for nothing—we bad almost said ought to go for
nothing— with a proud, fiery, chivalrous, and powerful
nation."
This denunciation, with many of like kind from
other journals, reached Paris eotemporaneously
with the message; more than this, this article in-
sinuates that the American people regarded the
message in this light, and would not sustain the
President. In this state of things, the Chamber
of Deputies might well conclude, if the American
press and a large portion of the American people
regarded the message offensive, they would be
bound so to regard it themselves; and I have no
doubt this was the cause, although I do not in-
tend to intimate it waa co-designed, why the con-
dition was annexed to the law, requiring expla-
nation ; and the ascertainment of their mistake in
the sentiments of the American people, is the
reason why a disclaimer in the first message, not
sufficient to avoid offense, was sufficient tn the
second to remove it. The quarrel is ended; and
now, sir, those who thought the President desired
war, designed tear, and would have war, suddenly
ascertain that the whole was a delusion, to prac-
tice upon the credulity Of the American people
for electioneering purposes, and that the Presi-
dent neither desired, designed, or expected war.
Gentlemen were wrong then, andaré wrong now,
although at opposite points of the compass. The
French King and Ministry never regarded the
message as an act of the Government to which
France should takeexception; their whole course
has been taken in obedience to the condition im-
posed by the Chamber. To sustain me in this
assertion, I here read an extract from Mr. Hu-
man's (the Minister of Finance) speech on pre-
senting the bill of indemnity to the French Cham-
bers, January 15,1835:
" General Jackson has been in error respecting the eitent
of the faculties conferred upon us by the constitution of
the State; but if he has been mistaken as to the laws of
our country, we will not fall into the same error with regard
to the institutions of the United States. Now, the spirit
and letter of those institutions authorize as to regard the
document above named (the message) as the expression of
an opinion merely personal, so long as that opinion has not
received'the sanction of either the other two branches of
the American Government. The message is a Government
act, which is still incomplete, and should not lead to any
of those determinations which France is in the liabit of
taking in reply to a threat or an insult."
Again he says:
" The maintenance of the national dignity was the first
object of its solicitude. You know, gentlemen, the means
adopted for its security. Bat as the treaty of July Has not
become less just or less advantageous; as the conduct of
the President of the United States has,not disturbed the
basis of equality and reason on which' that compromise
reposes, the Government has persevered in its determination
to present it to yna again. An engagement has been entered
into, and the honor pf France requires that it should be
accomplished."
. Again:
" Id thus speaking, we wish only to render due consid-
eration to truths long admitted, to place them in array
against passing impressions, and especially to declare that
France imputes neither to the people nor to the Government
of the United States the sentiments and propositions lately
expressed by the President We willingly view his message
to Congress as the hasty act of one branch of the Govern-
ment only, and the honor of the nation commands us to
persist in that honorable coarse which has ever been the
policy of the King's Government."
I think upon the whole it is perfectly manifest
to every impartial mind that there was good cause
to expect hostilities, which nothing but tha fact,
which could not have been anticipated, that
France receded from her ground, has prevented.
In doing so she has done much to retrieve her
character from the dishonor of her first position.
Whether the appropriation for fortifications
during the last session was lost by the Senate or
House of Representatives I shall not inquire, not
being then a member. The Senate certainly lost
the three million appropriation, and, if the neces-
sities of the country had called for it, would have
been responsible to the nation, for the provision
which they proposed in lieu of it was grossly bad-
equate. Her apology, that there was no execu-
tive recommendation, is answered by the message
of the 25th of February.
The gentleman from Tennessee says, if the
President had seriously apprehended hostilities
with France, it was his duty to have called Con-
gress together, to provide the necessary means
for defense, and not have waited till the opening
of the present session. Sir, the last Congress
expired on the 4th of March. The elections in
most of the States did not take place till late in
the summer and fall, several not till November.
So that there was no Congress which could have
been called together, unless many of the States
had been unrepresented. It was with a view to
this state of things that the three million appro-
priation was made by the House of Represent-
atives.
_ The honorable gentleman from Tennessee fe-
licitates the country on the great magnanimity
and forbearance of France, and its escape from
damage and dishonor, under such circumstances of
high provocation. Sir, I am astonished at the
forbearance of France. What had she to for-
bear .' The full measure of her resentment for
this great outrage upon her susceptibilities, was
to withhold the money; and I feel confident if our
Government had pressed the demand no further,
she would have forborne till the end of time.
The whole course of France upon this subject
has been one of equivocation, prevarication, in-
justice, and delay. We had pressed our demands
for twenty years. She evaded them, sometimes
on the ground that there was nothing due; some-
times that the Government of the restoration was
not responsible for the spoliations of Napoleon;
sometimes that other Governments had committed
the same outrages, and that we had not pressed
our claims to indemnity; sometimes one pretext,
and then another; and sometimes the communi-
cations of our Ministers, pressing our claims,
would remain unanswered for months, until
finally all hope seemed to be abandoned. After
twenty years, however, of vexatious and pro-
voking negotiations and delays, the treaty was
executed; and I have already shown the fidelity
and promptitude of its fulfillment. The gentle-
man ought rather to admire the patience and for-
bearance of his own Government.
This treaty, Mr. Chairman, although, unani-
mously ratified by the Senate, has b«<en made a
fruitful theme of in vective anddenunciation against
Mr. Rive , the Minister who negotiated it; and
even the French Government has been excused
for not performing the treaty, because they had
been overreachei, although that Government has
over and over again disclaimed it. Has Mr.
Rives in this negotiation secured a larger amount
of indemnity than was just? I answer no. The
reports of both the French commission and our
own prove that it was not. Has he accepted less
than he ought to have done ? In a simple calcu-
lation of dollars and cents, perhaps he has much
less; yet, sir, when in the treaty the obligations
of the eighth article of the Louisiana treaty, is
taken into the account, and the propriety of a
compromise of a tleng standing controversy the
treaty is a favorabjfe one. I here annex the seventh
and eighth article of the Louisiana treaty, that
it may be seen how important that stipulation
was:                                                      '
«ARTHJLt 7. As if is reciprocan? «Matageeus to the
commerce of France and the United etaiee.toejujeurage
the communication of boto nations ;for a limited time fn-tba
country ceded V the present treaty, until general arrange-
ments' relative to the commerce of both nations maybe
agreed on, ft has been agreed between the contracting
■artie , that the Frenen ships coming directly from France,
oran* of her colonies, loaded only with the. produce or
manufactures of France or her said colonies ¡or the snips or
Soain coming directly from Spain or any of her eolomes,
loaded only w*h th* produce of manufactures of Spain 
bar eoieaies, «hall be admitted during the space of twelve
yeais in the porta of New Orleans, and in all other legal
ports of entry within the ceded Territory, in the same man-
ner as the ships of the United States coming directly from
France or Sain, or any of tbeh- colonies, without being
subject to any other or greater doty on merchandise, or
other or greater tonnage than those paid by the citizens of
the United States.                                                __
"Article 8. In Altare, and forever after the expiration
of the twelve yean, the ships of France shall be treated
upon the same footing of the moat favored nations in the
ports abovementioned."
