1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
25£
24th Cong....1st Sess.               Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. of Reps.
from Massachusetts has attached himself to the
?arty supporting the Administration ? If he has,
have not heard him make the avowal. On the
contrary, some of the severest thrusts which I
have heard given to the Administration during
this session, have been given by that gentleman.
If he acts with us, it can only be because he pre-
fers our party to the Opposition, although he
does not seem to estimate either very highly.
Although I have essentially differed with that
gentleman upon many important questions, I
neverdoubtea, norcan any man doubt his integrity
or patriotism. If, then, he chooses to give his
vote and his influence to our candidate, I shall be
pleased, although I shall concede to him nothing
of principle. Is this, then, sir, an objection to
our party ? I answer the interrogatory from high
authority—the authority of the gentleman from
Tennessee himself, in a speech delivered at Nash-
ville last fall.    He said:
" It cannot be a serious objection that Judge White is
willing to receive tbe support of any portion or the Oppo-
sition which may prefer him to his competitor. This may
be a ground of prejudice with heated partisans; bat with
mea of unprejudiced reason it is no objection, and none
sucb consider it so. Connecticut is not the less welcome to
tie Jackson ranks, nor is she likely to be less efficient in
mtffort of the Jackson ftrrty, because, at the election two
yean ago, a portion of the freemen of that State, who lately
gave their votes in support of tbe Administration ticket,
gave them to the Opposition candidates."
If the gentleman's present argument be sound,
it is a two-edged sword, and cuts both ways, for
what do we see ? Judge White, who is sustained
by the honorable gentleman, was a strong advo-
cate of the proclamation and force bill, in its
strongest features. Governor Tyler, who is at-
tached to the same ticket as Vice President, was
the bitter and uncompromising opponent of both.
He denounced the proclamation as ultra-Federal,
and the force bill as a bloody and Botany Bay hill, ,
and gloried that he was the only man in the Sen- ¡
ate whose vote was recorded against it. Slight
matters of difference are insuperable as to the
Administration,but opposite,permanent,irrecon-
cilable differences a matter of small moment with
the Opposition.
Now, sir, upon the whole, what are the vio-
lent breaches of the Constitution by this Admin-
istration, to which the gentleman refers? Are
they to be found in the crippling of the system
of internal improvement; the reduction of the
high tariff of 1828; the overthrow of the United
States Bank, and the defeat of the land bill, or in
our extended foreign relations, and increased and
increasing commerce, oar elevated national char-
acter, and the happiness and prosperity of the
American people i   Judge ye.
With the President's preferences or prejudices
I have nothing to do; he is an American citizen—
a free man. The office of President does not
take from him the freedom of speech, and the
expression of his opinions. As to the questions
of delicacy and propriety attached to the Presi-
dent as a man, I have no concern; I can only
look to the administration of the Government;
with this I am in the main satisfied, perfectly
satisfied, and have no regret that I have cordially
supported it. The President will soon retire from
office; and when the bitterness and asperity of
party shall have passed away, and calm and im-
partial reflection succeed, I do not doubt that the
course of the Administration will, in the general,
be decidedly approved, and the memory of the
President honored by most, if not all, of his op-
ponents, for his distinguished and valuable ser-
vices, both civil and military.
DEFENSE OF TUB ADMXNlSTHATIOIf.
SPEECH OF HON7Á. VANDERPOEL,
OF NEW TORK,
In trc House or Remesektativb ,
April 6,1836.
The House having under consideration, as in Committee
of the Whole, the bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 1837—
Mr. VANDERPOEL said:
Mr. Chairman: Had the honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Robertson] closed his argu-
ment on yesterday, and thus justified the hope
that we could this morning have taken the ques-
tion, I would not have obtruded upon this com-
mittee any observations of my own in relation to
the bill now before you; but as now the whole of
this day will inevitably be devoted to its consider-
ation, I may indulge the hope that the remarks
which I intend to submit will not at all retard its
passage.
The solicitude which my honorable colleague,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Cambreleng,] has so long discov-
ered to secure the early passage of this bill is not
only a very natural but a very laudable solicitude.
The public service is said to suffer 'for want of
the ordinary annual appropriations, at least so
far as the naval service is concerned. My hon-
orable colleague has not consumed the time of
this House with long and unnecessary speeches.
He reported to us the annual appropriation bills
at a stage of the session as early, if not earlier
than they were reported in preceding years. He
has, from time to time, urged the consideration
of them with an earnestness and courtesy that
became the responsible station which he occu-
Íiies; and if, sir, their finul passage should be so
ong delayed as to prejudice the public interest,
my honorable colleague will at least be able to
enjoy the consolation of having faithfully dis-
charged his duty.
The debate upon this bill has indeed token
an unexpectedly wide range. The Committee of
Ways and Means, at an early stage of the ses-
sion, reported this ordinary appropriation bill,
providing for the pay of officers, provisions, ord-
nance and ordnance stores, and the improvement
of navy-yards. The honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] very soon after the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had commenced its labors upon this bill, moved
to reduce the amount proposed to be appropriated
for the yard at Portsmouth, in New Hampshire,
one half, and intimated his intention to move a
proportional reduction as to alt the other yards
for which the bill proposes appropriations. Well,
sir, upon this motion we had several days desul-
tory skirmishing, of talk confined to the subject
immediately and fairly under consideration. The
honorable mover of the amendment himself made
some two or three very guarded speeches in favor
of his own amendment, and we had good reason
to hope that nearly all the little five and ten min-
utes speeches were exhausted, and that soon,
very soon, we should be permitted to take the
question; when lo! an honorable and eloquent
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] with a bolder spirit than had yet distin-
fuished any of the orators that haa preceded
im, in a speech of some two or three hours,
launched forth into an unexpectedly extensive
range of debate, and pressed topics into the ser-
vice that might of themselves. have served as
fruitful themes for orators for the residue of the
session.
The partiality of this Government in the distri-
bution of its favors or its bounties; the system of
absorption, withoutanyirrigalionin return, which
had so nearly drained the poor persecuted South;
the necessity of amending your Constitution, so
as to dispose of your surplus revenue among the
States, according to the ratio of their population
and representation—these, arid a great variety of
kindred topics, were deemed neither irrelevant or
far-fetched by that honorable gentleman; and from
the course which the debate subsequently took,
it seemed, indeed, that we were launched upon a
wide ocean, without the ability to determine,
with any degree of certainty, when we should
be able to anchor or see land again. As matters
then stood, we could hardly hope of getting to
safe moorings again before the reign of the dog-
star.
At this stage of otir proceedings, the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] again suc-
ceeded in getting the floor. Having repented of
his original intention to reduce the appropriations
for all the navy-yards' one half, those South as
well as North; and probably convinced, by the
speech of the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, that a certain section of the country
had very peculiar claims, he all at once withdrew
his original motion, and proposed wholly to
"expunge" the appropriation for the yard at Ports-
mouth ; and in support of his substituted motion
favored us with a speech, which was indeed a
miserable illustration of the justice of those com-
plaints which are constantly doled out here about
trammeling gentlemen in debate. It was, in truth,
the most striking exemplification of the freedom
and latitude of debate tolerated here or in any other
legislative body, that I have ever yet witnessed.
It was a speech four days long, one day longer
than the French revolution!!
In some respects it was a most cheering and
consoling example to many of us here, who,
when we undertake to speak, are ofttimes troubled
withthat most reasonable, though inconvenient
requisition, always to keep within hailing dis-
tance of the point under discussion. It was most
encouraging to some in another particular. It
taught ambitious young orators here that if once
laden with a speech, it matters but little what
hook they hang it upon, and that anything like
affinity between a speech and the legitimate sub-
ject of a speech, is not a matter of so much
consequence here as most gentlemen are very
naturally disposed to imagine when they first
enter this Hall. But, sir, it was replete with
much encouragement and consolation to us in
some other particulars. The illustrious source
from which it emanated gives it authority; and
it has taught us that terseness and compactness,
and that lucidus ordo which all rhetoricians and
logicians have (from the time of Quintillian to
the present day) regarded as essential to a good
discourse, are not indispensable requisites here;
and I very strongly apprehend, sir, that the force
of the precedent will be illustrated by the perform-
ance which is now being executed.
Sir, the course of remarks in which the honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] saw
fit to indulge, sounded strangely in my ears,
coming, as it did, from one who had been for
years the open and avowed friend of our illustri-
ous Chief Magistrate; when the honorable gen-
tleman descanted so eloquently upon the force
and danger of party organization—when he in-
dulged so flippantly, and with so much facility,
in the stale and hackneyed catch-words of the Op-
position of" the party," (words which danced
so conspicuously through his labored speech,)
and when he descanted so earnestly upon the
dangerous application of executive power and
executive influence, under the administration of
our present Chief Magistrate, methought that he
was only reiterating those threadbare doctrines
and standing complaints which the opposition
to every Democratic Administration have, under
all names and all guises, promulgated, from the
days of Mr. Jefferson to the present era; and
when the honorable gentleman told us that the
party supporting the present Administration had
forsaken Us principles, but that he still adhered
steadfastly to his—when he told us, in effect, that
there were one hundred and forty supporters of
the President, and of the existing Administra-
tion upon this floor, with many of whom he had
formerly acted, who were going all wrong*—who
were propagating and sanctioning all sorts of
political heresies and abominations, but that he
remained orthodox, and fully invested with his
pristine political purity, it occurred to me that
the honorable gentleman had full as much confi-1
dence in his own infallibility, and full a  Httle
respect and deference for the opinions* of that
majority with which he had formerly acted, as
once had a memorable and self-complacent juror,
who, after, in the fullness of his own self-suffi-
ciency, keeping out his associates far two days'
and two nights, and inflexibly determined not to
adopt their conclusion, indignantly declared that
they were eleven of the most obstinate and wrong-
headed men he had ever seen or acted with in-his
life.
In what light has the President, and the party
supporting the President, been exhibited here by
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell'] Sir, I took his very words down, and
cannot, therefore, be mistaken as to the senti-
ments he uttered. He told us that considerations
now exist, which prevent the country from having
the benefit of the President's popularity; that it
is very difficult, if not impossible, for a majority
