1836.1
A«pENMx to rm tsmmassioükL cííjom
26i
24th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. ór Reps.
men of the minority are already beginning to
lecture the majority for not executing the business
of the House, but take special care at the same
time to inveigh most indignantly against the pre-
vious question. They tell us that little or nothing
has as yet been accomplished, and that the ma-
jority will be held responsible. How can we
pass bills if gentlemen will eternally talk about
them; and what the remedy for this retarding,
talking disease but the previous question ? I hope,
sir, that the vocabulary of epithet will no longer
be ransacked to find terms strong enough to char-
acterize the " previous question," and that after
a subject has been fairly debated, so that every
gentleman must have made up his mind as to its
merits, we shall witness no more scruples about
the exercise of the most salutary power with
which a legislative body was ever invested; and
if gentlemen by this means lose the opportunity
of making their speeches for the benefit of their
constituents, the remedy is a full and an easy
one. Let them write off their speeches and print
them.   We have high authority in the honorable
fentleasan from 'Massachusetts, now in my eye,
Mr. Adihs,} for printing unspoken speeches; and
am not certain that it is not decidedly the best
mode of delivering them to the nation add to the
world; for I have long thought that speeches are
made for any practical purpose but to produce i
conviction here.
But it is high time that I should take leave of
the President-making portion of the speech of
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee and say t
something about the subject now before the com-
mittee.   Preliminary, however, to the views I
propose to submit, I will premise, that there is
oae circumstance connected with this discussion '
which is indeed a fair subject of congratulation.
It is this, sir, that is all the speeches which have <
been yet made, there has been no demonstration '
of hostility to your Navy; no seeming unwilling- i
■jess to make liberal appropriations towards fos-
tering and cherishing it.  This is, sir, as it should
be.    Our position, our habits, our enterprise, our
pursuits, and the experience we have already had
M a nation, plead loudly, eloquently, and most
irresistibly, the cause of the Navy.    We are al-
ready the second commercial nation on the globe;
soon, very soon, we shall be the first. The history
of civilized nations tells us, that to carry on an
extensive and successful commerce for a long
series of years, without an efficient navy to de-
fend and protect it, is just as impossible as it is
for the fruits of the earth to grow without the
sun and rains of heaven to warm and nourish
them.   The pirate muatbe driven from the ocean.
The refined European, the Turk, and the Hindoo,
the barbarian, and the native of the remotest isl-
ands of the Pacific, must be taught to respect
your flag.   There is no place on the habitable
globe where may not be seen the evidences of
American genius and enterprise; and wherever
the American citizen is pushing his lawful ad-
venture to bring new treasures into the country,
there ought you to be able, if necessary, to cheer
hi  onward course, by displaying the stars and
«tripes of his native land.   Your Navy should
be put upon a footing strong enough to convince
the world that it is not mere empty bravado when
you proclaim the motto—" Millions for defense;
*tt a tent for tribute."
The honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Beli] seems to think that we have too many
navy-yards, to consist with the economy and
efficiency of the service. The utility of having a
«amber of navy-yards, located along a cost take
ours, must be obvious to every gentleman who
will bestow upon the subject a little reflection.
The honorable gentleman frota Maine, chairman
of the Na-vat Committee, [Mr. J Aim*,] has moat
ably and triumphantly demonstrated it, and has
anticipated most of the considerations which I
had intended to urge upon this point. We fcatve
a vast extent of coast, with numerata* large estu-
aries, «nd very much exposed to ati enemy in
time of war, whether he be powerful, or compar-
atively insignificant. The object of your navy-
yardB is to build and equip your ships, to enable
you to keep on band, at proper places, a suitable
supply of materials for repairs and manufacture
of vessels of war* and, if necessary, to furnish a
shelter far the vessels belonging i   ar Nary,
and to afford them every possible facility to refit
and enter again upon their cruises.
There are, it seems, two kinds of depots neces-
sary, building and manufacturing yards, and
those for repairs and equipping; and some of the
yards we now have are exclusively devoted to
one or the other purpose, and some to both, and
the attention that I have been able to bestow
upon the subject, has convinced me that we could
not now reduce the number of yards without
prejudice to the publie service, if we had but
one or two yards, and were to get into a war
with one of the great naval Powers of Europe,
the enemy would at once invest those naval sta-
tions, and prevent vessels from coming in or
going out. Suppose that^ in the event of a war
with such great naval PoWer suddenly breaking
out, we had but two naval depots, and eight or
ten of our vessels were out upon a cruise of four¿
five, and six months, or a year. The first move-
ment of the enemy would be to invest those Sta-
tions. Then, how could your vessels enter to
refit or repair? This could not be the ease, if we
had several naval stations scattered along the
coast. It would not be possible for any of the
great naval Powers to blockade all of them effect-
ually. But, it is asked, why has notOreat Britain
increased her naval stations ? The honorable
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Jarvis] has shown
you that Great Britain has increased the number
of her navy-yards, but if she had not, it would
not militate against the necessity of our main-
taining at least six or seven. The same reasons
do not exist for the increase of the naval depots'
of Great Britain that seem to indicate the neces-
sity of our maintaining at least the number we
now have. Oor navy-yards are, or should be,
located in reference to the facilities that may exist
for acquiring the particular material which is to
be used at the particular station. They should
be located in reference to proximity to timber,
and other materials necessary to be used. Not
so as to Great Britain. She gets her timber from
the Cañadas, from Norway, and from other
quarters of die globe; and, from herimiular posi-
tion ,one station is about a* con venient aw another,
in regard to materials required at her naval depots.
Nor need she increase her naval stations for feat
of the exposure or blockade of a. very limited
number. She has naval force enough to protect
them, and to always secure to her ships free
ingress and egress. If England, then, had adopted
the policy represented as hers by one honorable
gentleman, different as is our position, and as Ere
owf means of defense, it furnishes bo reason i*
favor of our following it.
Thebilt now under consideration, Mr. Chair-
man , proposes no new works, no new navy-yards.
The amount proposed to be appropriated is rather
larger than usual; and so far as it exceeds the
ordinary annual appropriation may be regarded,
and has been regarded, as an extraordinary ap-
propriation in the course of this debate. Follow-
ing, then, the example of honorable gentlemen
who have preceded me in this discussion, I may
as well here as on any other occasion say what
I have to say in favor of the course which I in-
tend to pursue upon propositions involving ex-
traordinary appropriations for the permanent de-
fense of our country. Whether the particular
item of extraordinary appropriation be great or
small is wholly immaterial; it may still afford a
fit opportunity for the expression of those senti-
ments that may influence us in favoring or op-
posing liberal appropriations for our country's
defense.
While, sir, on the one hand I consider an eco 
nomical administration of the Government, as a
general principle, an object that no Representa-
tiva should lose sight of, yet it has been my habit
to think that, in the execution of the high and
important trusts confided to us here, our love of
economy should oat be «o all-absorbing as to pro-
duce a forgetfirlnesa of, or inattention to, some of
the high duties that are enjoined upon us by the
Constitution. It has also been my inclination to
believe, While here, that the protection of our im-
mense and rapidly-extending commerce, and the
securing means of defense to our eommon coun-
try  were objects ihat came not only within the
range of our powers, but of our duties, and that
the unreasonable neglsct of these great objects
for the purpose of saving the public treasure,
would be as preposterous as would be that econ-
omy in the husbandman which would induce him
to expose his crops to trespasses and destruction,
rather than incur the expense neeessary to guard
and fence his fields; yes, sir, that the folly and
delinquency would be more palpable in propor-
tion to the greater interest jeoparded in the one
case than in the other. Is it not a gross misno-
mer, sir, to call that true economy which loses
sight of national defense and national security;
which would take no caution from the infinite
causes and the awful ravages of war which the
history of nations discloses; which would permit
your cities to be sacked, your sea-board to be
desolated, and your great commercial interests to
be exposed to constant depredations, rather than
afford them that protection which your bloated
Treasury now enables you to do? Gentlemen are
Welcome to all the credit and all the honor that
such an economy can secure to them. I trust
that a majority of this House will not enter the
list of competition for the glory of such an equiv-
ocal virtue.
It is the part of wisdom to profit from recent
experience. Who, two years ago, could have
imagined that the first Monday of December,
1835, would have found tía so near a rupture
with Franco as we actually were at the com-
mencement of the? present -session of Congress*
We should remember, that as Our commerce ex-
tends, will the causes of collision with other na-
tions increase; and that tnan must, indeed, have
read the history of nations- to very little purpose
who has not learned that a very extended com-:
merce, without proportional means to protect h,
will eventually incur embarrassments and ob-
structions, against which nought but an efficient
naval force is a sure preventive.
The question must, at this session of Congress,
be boldly met and determined, whether your sys-
tem of fortifications is to be extended, and your
Navy is to be reasonably increased, or whether
you will resort to the demoralizing and worse
than Utopian scheme of dividing your surplus
revenue among the States; thus consolidating the
States by making this great Federal head the al-
moner—the éentral source of revenue ttvits con-
stituent members? While deliberating Upon this
great subject, should we not invoke the spirit of
union, df concord, and of patriotism?
The Secretary of your Treasury, in his annual
report, tells you that after satisfying all claims
upon yottrTreasury, founded upon past and ordi-
nary appropriations, there was at the commence-
ment of the present session of Congress a pretty
large surplus in your Treasury which would not
be required for the ordinary purposes of the Gov-
ernment, and which might be applied to other
purposes not included in the estimates, and lib-
erally aid in promoting any constitutional object
which Congress may deem most expedient. The
exact amount of Surplus has been a subject of
speculation and dispute with many gentlemen.
It now satisfactorily appears, from information
furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury to a
member of the other branch of this Legislature,
that on the 1st day of January last the actual sur-
plus was about sixteen millions of dollars. This
is, indeed, a fair subject of exultation to many of
us whose recoBeetions can extend back only two
short years. Then you were told by the panic-
makers of that day that your country was ruined,
that a general mildewed national prosperity and
an empty Treasury would be the certain fruit of
the great measure upon which such oceans of
curses were heaped. It was even said that your
Treasury could not be found. Only two short
years have elapsed, and where is there aught now
to justify these gloomy forebodings? Where
now are these prophets of terror and distress?
Why, sir, we find them racking their invention
for the best means of easing your bloated Treas-
ury of its contents. Should these false and un-
fortunate prophets wonder at the evidences every-
where exhibited, that the confidence of the people
in them is on the vxme— nay, that it is gone for-
ever 1
What, sir, is the best, the most judicious mode
of disposing of this surplus revenue ? 1st. Shall
we immediately reduce your tariff of duties upon
protected articles, and retain this surplus in order
