264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
24th Cong....Ist Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Vanderpoel.
Ho. of Reps.
invade the West or Southwest, and it is enough
for my constituents that a portion of the Repub-
lic is invaded; as against the foreign foe, we are,
we should be, one united, indivisible whole. Let
the enemy strike a blow upon the remotest ex-
tremity of this widely extended country, and it
is instantly felt at the heart, and at the other ex-
tremity. So, when victory perches upon the
American standard, whether on the banks of the
Niagara or the plains of New Orleans, every true
American citizen, no matter where his lines may
be cast, shares in the joy and the glory of the
achievement. It is our country's arms that tri-
umph, and we rejoice. It is our country's foe
that is victorious,and we mourn. Expend your
money to defend any one vulnerable point of your
country, and, speaking as a patriot, you expend
it for the benefit of the whole country. Partial
appropriations for the defense of the country,
because it so happens that necessity compels us
to spend more in one State than in another!
Jealousy, for such cause, isunworthy of the high-
minded men whom we represent.
A few years ago the savage Black Hawk made
most sanguinary incursions upon the borderers of
one or more of your western States; a national
force was summoned to the scene of action to
subdue him.    It cost the nation, perhaps, two
million dollars to put him down; and think you,
sir, that any gentleman from this side of the
mountain would have dared to have urged to this
national disbursement the contracted objection,
that the money was spent exclusively for the
benefit of your western borderers, and that they
therefore ought to have paid the whole or the
greater proportion of the expense of this war?
That man very much underrates the patriotism
of the Atlantic States, who imagines that, within
their borders, there could ever have been found a
single man with a soul contracted enough to urge
such an objection.    An Indian war has broken
out in Florida.   The national purse is opened,
and the national force is ordered to put it down.
It will cost the nation more than two million dol-
lars.   Is there any gentleman here who would
dare to say that ius unjust to tax the whole nation
with the expense of this local, this neighborhood
war ?   Yet my constituents are not immediately
affected by it. The constituents of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who opposes al-
most all extraordinary appropriations, are not
immediately affected by it; but, sir, they would
not come up to our standard of Kentucky chiv-
alry, if, for this reason, they would not freely
contribute their full share of blood and treasure
towards terminating this local though desolating
war.   We have, in days gone by, had our Sem-
inole wars, and our Creek wars.  The nation has,
as it should have done, prosecuted them to a suc-
cessful termination, though not one twentieth part
of the nation was immediately affected by them, '
yet it was enough for nineteen twentieths of this
Union, that their fellow-countrymen, their wives
and children were exposed to, or suffered, all the
horrors of savage warfare.    They never mur-
mured; nor will they, so long as they deserve the
name and retain the character of American citi-
zens, murmur because they are required to con-
tribute to such purposes.
I speak in no unkind or taunting spirit, when
I say that constant and most liberal drafts have
been made upon your Treasury for the removal
of Indians, and extinguishing Indian titles. A
treaty has just been entered into with theChero-
kees, which is now before the Senate for its rati-
fication, by which you stipulate to pay them
f5,600,000. Were we to look at the sums of
money thus expended, through a contracted me-
dium, we might say that these Indians, thus
bought out and thus removed at this enormous
expense, did not molest or incommode the citi-
zens of the middle or northern States, and that
they ought not to be thus constantly taxed for
their removal; but if I know the people of the
North, their Representatives here would gain but
little favor with their constituents, if they should
take such selfish and anti-national ground. Let
them urge such objections, and their people
"would shake them off like dew-drops from the lion's
mane." When western gentlemen tell us that
the West is not benefited by expenditures for
expenses upon your sea-board, they assume an
entirely erroneous position. Why enlarge your ¡
Navy and fortify your commercial cities, but to j
defend the commerce of the country, a commerce I
in which the farmer or merchant of the remotest ¡
corner of Missouri may be as much interested
as those who reside in the immediate vicinity of
your commercial cities? In a large commercial
country sea-board fortifications and an adequate
Navy should always coexist. The experience
of the last fifty years amply demonstrates this.
We have also had experience enough to convince
us that agriculture and commerce must, for years
to come, be the great means of wealth to this
country. The productions of our rich and ex-
tensive soil cannot be locked up within our bor-
ders. They must find vent abroad; and if to
insure them a safe transit to their destination
fortifications and ships are necessary, expendi-
tures for such objects are as beneficial to the
hardy yeomanry of Illinois and Indiana as to the
inhabitants of your sea-board; nay, more, in pro-
portion to the greater agricultural surplus which
they raise for foreign consumption. The south-
em States own but little of the tonnage of the
country; but in the event of a war, would the}'
not be most vitally interested in the commerce ¡
of the nation, and in a Navy adequate to its sup-
port? Would not their great staples, which look
to foreign markets, be most imminently exposed?
This matter was well understood here a year ago
by western and southern gentlemen, when we
were under the apprehension of a French war.
I well recollect two speeches—the one made by
an honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Hardin,] and the other by a distinguished gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] in which
the losses that their respective constituents would
sustain, in consequence of a war, were portrayed
in most appalling colors. It was not then be-
lieved or supposed by any one that the remote
position of Kentucky from the sea-board would
exempt her from the pecuniary losses always
inseparable from war.
You are destined soon—very soon, to be the
greatest commercial nation on the globe. You are
already the second, taking your commercial ship-
ping interest as your standard. You are only the
seventh naval power; you ought to be at least the
third. Our country is constantly developing new
resources; and if its future advances in wealth
and greatness shall justify the hopes of its friends
and the fears of its enemies, the day is not far dis-
tant when in commerce and in wealth we will be
first among the nations; and then, sir, it will not
be enough to have those mighty possessions.
We must have at' hand the ability—the ready
means to protect and defend them.
We should always bear in mind, sir, that the
glorious example of our success in free govern-
ment is not looked at with over-much compla-
cency by crowned heads and potentates. Sooner
or later its influence will be exhibited by a mighty
shaking among the nations of Europe. They will
be able to trace the convulsions which rack them
to their true source; and woe to us then if we
shall be unprepared for the trials and conflicts
which may then await us. And if then, sir, they
shall attempt to save their trembling thrones by
a united giant struggle to extinguish this bright
western orb of freedom, which is shooting its
vivid rays athwart the dark vnllcys of Europe,
illustrating to its benighted subjects the charms
of free government; and if, at such a crisis, they
shall be encouraged by the brilliant temptation
of a commerce dotting every ocean, without the
means of defending it either at home or on the
deep, then will we indeed discover how worse
than miserable was that parsimony which, in the
days of our abundance and prosperity, had
grudged a few millions for the purposes of na-
tional defense!
While upon this subject, I may, and I hope
without giving offense to many gentlemen here,
who are honestly impressed with the idea that
the South and West have not equally participated
in the public bounties, bring a fact or two to their
knowledge, of which all, perhaps, are not ap-
prised. By looking back into the documentary
history of the country, for only two years, you
will find that in 1821 your Secretary of the Treas-
ury made a very able and voluminous report on
the present system of keeping the public money.
To this report was appended a table showing
where the public moneys, appropriated for the
year 1824, were expended; and from this it ap-
pears that the whole expenditures of appropria-
tions for 1834, was $21,293,200; that the whole
collections of 1834, were $20,624,717; that the
expenditures less than collections in the eastern
States, was $28,908; that the expenditure more
than collection, in the southern and southwestern
States, was $957,218; that the expenditure more
than collection,in the western Statrs was$867,470;
making an excess of expenditure in the southern
and western States of $1,824,688.
It also appears from this same table, that about
one third of all your naval expenditures were
made at Norfolk in that year. This, sir, does
not look much like draining the North and East
at the expense of the South and West.
Again, sir: for the benefit of which section of
your country more particularly has your little
army hitherto been maintained? What sections
of your country since the peace of 1815, have
most required its presence? It has been most
needed at your western and southwestern posts,
and in the vicinity of your Indian tribes. Since
the last war, sir, an epauleted gentleman in the
service of the United States, is a very rare object
in my district.
It has been said,too, that the West and south-
west are constantly filling your Treasury with
moneys paid for your public lands, and that this
Government is constantly draining the West of
its available means in the avails of your public
lands. Sir, illiberality to the purchasers of, and
the settlers upon, your public lands, is certainly
the last thing with which this Government is
justly chargeable. No nation on earth was ever
more liberal than we have been in the disposition
of our public domain. Last summer, when in
his Britannic Majesty's dominions I heard our
liberal policy in relation to our public lands con-
trasted with that which obtained in the Cañadas.
I heard it stated that our very liberal policy had
a tendency to drive all the emigrants who passed
up the St. Lawrence, directly into the United
States.
It is entirely wrong, to say that the immense
sums of money that have so recently flowed into
your Treasury as avails of the public lands are
contributed exclusively by the West; millions of
the capital of the Atlantic States and Atlantic
cities have been invested in your public lands;
and I might go further, and show to you that,
large as are the revenues that have recently been
received from your public lands, they have not
yet yielded to the Government as much as they
cost the Government. 1 have in my hands, sir,
a document, being a report made by the Secretary
of the Treasury to the other branch of the Legis-
lature, on the 25th day of January last, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate on the
subject of the public lands. From this, it ap-
pears that your public lands have cost the na-
tion..............................$63,608,232
And that the amount received for them
to the 25th of January last, was
only............................57,652,207
Leaving them still a debtor to the
Government in...................$5,946,025
Gentlemen can refer to the document to which
I have above alluded, for the particulars that con-
stitute the above sum of more than sixty-three
million dollars. The main items are the Louis-
iana purchase, the expenditure under the head of
the Indian department from the commencement
of the Government, the amount paid for the Flor-
idas, the expenses of the land offices, and the
expense of surveying the public lands. I repeat,
sir, that I indulge in this course of remark not in
any taunting spirit; not to induce the belief that
more has been done for the West and Southwest
than ought to have been done, (for I do not
cherish this belief,) but to convince, if possible,
our brethren of the West and Southwest, that
they have not been forgotten or neglected, and
that their fellow-citizens of the sea-board have
not engrossed an undue share of the favors and
the bounties of this Government. Let us then,
sir, discard that narrow feeling, which would
oppose a national work,  because the  money
