1836. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL «HjQBB.
acs
24th Coi«í....1st Sess.
■Maritime Defense^—-Mr^Jarvis,
Hq-oeUets;
appropriated for its construction is not to be
expended in our immediate neighborhood—oppo-
sition founded on such feelings is unworthy of
the high places we here hold. It is the emana-
tion of a spirit contracted and selfish. It was
not such a spirit which achieved the independence
of this Republic. It is not such a spirit which
can urge us on to the high destiny which, but for '
ourselves, awaits us.
Sir, it appears to me that the inducements that
now urge us to make liberal appropriations for
our country's defense, to increase our Navy, and
extend our system of fortifications, are ofirresist-
ible force. Our commerce is daily extending, and
in proportion as it spreads wider and wider, will
the causes of our rupture with foreign nations
increase. Nations are but masses of individuals,
and every day's experience teaches us that indi-
viduals who are engaged in extended commercial
operations are more exposed to controversies and
litigations than those who are engaged in more
quiet and limited pursuits; and though the cloud
of war that so lately hung over us has been dis-
pelled, yet, in the ever-varying current of national
interests and national events, who can tell how
soon we maybe called upon to expend our blood
and our treasure in defense of our dearest national
interests' Recent occurrences should not, they,
csnnef, fail to awaken throughout the country
more respect for the familiar and almost hack-
neyed, though sound maxim of the father of his
Country, "mpeace to be prepared forwar." The
wisdom of this advice is demonstrated not only
-' by the observation of the disposition of nations,
bat of individuals.   The man who is willing and
~ able to repel assault, is not apt to be molested
by the braggart and the bully. All experience
teaches us that the best way to avoid attack is
never to court it, but always to be prepared to
meet k firmly, come when and hew it may.
. Those who would otherwise molest you will then
be apt to act upon the principle that " the better
part of valor is discretion;" just so with nations,
< sir.
To conclude, then, sir, we have an overflewifig
-Treasury; we hav* lately had most threatening
relations with one of the most powerful nations
- of Europe; a vastly extended and almost defense-
- less sea-board; a Navy Which, much as it has con-
tributed to the honor of the country, ranks only
with that of some of the smallerPowers of Europe;
and (what seemed to be quite indispensable to
some gentlemen on another occasion) the recom-
mendation of the President tr> make li be ral appro-
priation to objects of defense. What, sir, are the
suggeatiónsof wisdom and patriotism under such
circumstances? Shall we adopt a policy that
shall prove our love of money stronger than our
love of country r   When the nation has so lately
-  beetl threatened with a rupture, shall we hoard
our treasure with the miser's spirit? emulate the
example of Patrick Henry's hero, and cling to
our "beef, beef, beef," our money, money, money,
rather than promptly execute the great duty of
• common defense, authorized, if not inculcated,
by the Constitution? No, sir, the noble and
chivalrous spirit which achieved our independ-
ence, and the example which We owe to the cause
of free government throughout the1 world, forbid
it. Those eloquent monitors urge us now in the
days of our plenty and prosperity, to secure the
means of defending our happy country, that kings
and despots may be faithless and ambitious, and
yet the free born citizens of America may sit
under their own vine-and fig tree, '* none daring
to moled or make them afraid."
uÁ&reasE depenses.
SPEECH OF HON. LEONARD JARVIS,
OP MTAINE,
In the House or Representatives,
April 4,1836,
The hill making appropriations for the support of the
Navy foe die year 1837 being before the House as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Hamek ia the chair)—
Mr. JARVIS said:
Mr. Chairman: Were it not for the daily an-
nunciation made by you upon resuming the chair,
that the question before the committee is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, to
strike out of the bill which is under consideration
the appropriation of $67,000 for the repairs and
improvements of the navy-yard at Portsmouth, '
it would be difficult to determine upon what sub-
ject we are called upon to deliberate. The debate
has beep of such a rambling character that the
true question before thecommittee has been nearly
kept out of view. Upon the two motions of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] first to
reduce the appropriation for the New Hampshire
navy-yard one half, and afterwards to strike it
out altogether, we have had arguments upon the
expediency of reducing the numberof navy-yards,
of creating a new one upon the shores of Narra-
ganset bay, and of expending three millions of
dollars upon the navy-yard at Pensacola. -We
have had a touch upon fortifications, on ship-
building, on nullification, with a sprinkling of
disunion. We have heard also about the Bank
of the United States and the gold currency and
the surplus revenue. Office-holders have come
in for their share of notice; and there have been
eulogies upon Senators and engineers, and attacks
upon the present and all preceding Administra-
tions. ' It is unnecessary to say that there have
been diatribes against the President, for no debate
would be perfect without that ingredient. Sir,
this little navy-yard of the Granite State has been
prolific as Pandora's box, and there is hope, too,
at the bottom, that after gentlemen shall have
blown off their steam, and been allowed at pleas-
ure \o confound the- freedom of debate with its
licentiousness, the business of the nation will be
suffered to proceed, and a vote be token upon the
Navy bill before the service has seriously suffered
for want of the appropriations.
' The gentleman from Tennessee, whose motion
is the cause of all the delay which has oecurred
in the progress of an Appropriation' bill, which
contains nothing of ah obnoxious character, noth-
ing which heretofore, in the utmost bitterness of
party feeling, would have<prevented its immediate
and undisputed passage, after being a member
of this House for eight years, and after having
voted hundreds of thousands for these nary-¡yards
which he would now abolish, pounces, on a sud-
den, upon an old report of the navy tornmission-
ers, which had been repudiated by the subsequent
-and continued action of Congress, and consigned
to that receptacle of things forgotten on earth,
the documentlibraryof this House; and, in virtue
of this document, delays the navy appropriation
bill, and calls upon us to stop and inquire with
him into the expediency of reducing the number
of our navy-yards.
Sir, I must confess myself disappointed in the
course of that gentleman! Having constantly
'voted with him until now upon all the eventful
questions which have thrown an intense interest
over the passing history of Congress for the last
five years, and having seen in the public journals,
during the last year, while he was a candidate for
reelection, the professions of his attachment to
the Administration, I was not prepared for this
opposition. The Administration is the same Ad-
ministration heretofore supported by him; it is
Pursuing the same course heretofore approved'by
in , and not by him alone, but by a large major-
ity of the people of the United States, from Mis-
souri to Maine—and yet he styles his old political
friends, with whom he has stood shoulder to shoul-
der, in so many trying Scenes, the gentlemen on
the other side! He has left us, then! He has
abandoned us for the enemy! Instead of being
a distinguished supporter and champion of the
Administration of the favorite son of Tennessee,
he-seeks to thwartand embarrass it! Sir, I wish
him joy of his change!
.1 pray the committee to bear id mind the na-
ture of the bill against which his opposition is
first directed. It is a bill making appropriations
for the naval service, reported in the usual form
by the usual committee, upon the usual esti-
mates. It is a bill providing for the pay And
subsistence of our officers and seamen; for the
repair and equipment of our ships, and for the im-
provement and repair of our navy-yards. During
the time that I have had a seat on this door, a
bill of a similar character has been passed early
in each succeeding session, without question and
without delay.   I pray the committee also to
recollect the time when this opposition was first
manifested. It was at the time when a war-cloud
was lowering over the Country—when a contest
was expected with the second maritime Power in
Europe, and when the uncertain character of our
foreign relations rendered it necessary for us to
urge, with all possible haste, our preparations
for defense. It is a time like this, and upon a
bill of this description, that the gentleman from
Tennessoe selects to break ground against the
Administration! But whence the sudden flood
of light which has gushed upon his benighted
eyeballs, ^disclosing deformity w-here all before
was fair? Is it a " Srrnr"-beam, reflected from
the " Draptau tan  tacke," from the " spotless
banner," unfurled as a signal, and -adopted as a
marvelous- proper war-cry by a «ertain little
knot of politicians, and fastened on them in utter
derision by those against whom it was vainly
raised ?
Let os examine the grounds upon which the
fen tie man has placed ilia opposition to the bill,
le says there are too many navy-yards. I would
ask if thisquestidn is never to be settled? Sir,
the six navy-yards upon the Atlantic were estab-
lished prior to the Administration of Mr. Jeffer-
son. The questions of tbe> expediency of re-
ducing their number, and of changing'their loca-
tion, have been repeatedly before Congress, and
the result ha  uniformly been th&seMe—namely,
an implied refusal to make any change, and a
determination to continue the yards a* at present
established, manifested by additional appropri*
«tions for their improvement. This was the con-
stant course until tfte year 1827, when the Nine-
teenth Congress seemed decided by its action to
remove-all doubt... In that year the Committee
on Naval Affairs «f the House repotted against
the establishment of navy-yards at Baltimore,
Narraganse* Bay, arid New London ; and an act
was passed for the gradual improvema'ni of the
Navy of the United States, the sixtfc section of
Which is in the following vdrdsr
« Ank M it fn>8ter enacted,■ That the President  f the
United State  be,*o<l he hesihy i , «.utlmriMil ta cause the
navy-yarda of the United S|aj£s t  he tb.oroui.lily examined,
and plana to be prepared and sanctioned by,the .President,,
for the improvement <Sf the sSirie, antl the preservatúrn of
the public property therein ; from which plans n  deflation
«hall hereafter be made, but by bis speeast linter.?'
In pursuance Of thi*'aoth<WÍHilioh, the'Presi-
dent caused the several yardsi  t Portswiimth,
Boston, New York, Pbil*<tet£riiaJ Washington,
Norfolk,and Pensacola,to besurrteyed, and plans
to-be made, which1-were'approved by Mm, and
are now to be seen in the office of the Navy com-
missioners. It is for the purpose of carrying
these plans into effect that the appropriations are
asked for now, ns they have been asked for in
every preceding year of this Administration,
which, in this respect, has only followed the ex-
ample of the Administration to which it swecieded
in pursuing what seemed to'be the settled'and
invariable policy of tile country.
From the time when the first «troke was struck
upon our navy-yards' up to the- time when the
gentleman from Tennessee weis Arst called to* give
his powerful aid in the councils of tha nation—
which was the very epoch of tire passage of the
act to which I have referred—a penou comprising
twenty.seven or twenty-eight years, the whole
amount of the appropriations for all oar aavy-
yardswasontyP,M6ia0 ; tBfcrinp«be time that
.gentleman has been in Co sr«c ,«he<limo«ints -
propria«dfortheéamsy r«a*tw*esir|Sj848,M9;
and if we add thereto the cost of the dry-docks at
Norfolk and Charleston, -which" have both been
constructed within this period,, the hoaorable gen-
tleman will havejBjtnctioned or permitted *n ex-
penditure upon these navyv-yardsjSoitie of which
now give him so much uneasiness, of f5M368,890!
.Sir, me gentleman has placed himself in an uiw-
pleasant dilemma. If these establishment  wens
not necessary, how can he justify himself for
permitting so large an expenditure upon them
without one word of caution or expostulation ?
If they were necessary, what reason, what ex-
cuse can he offer, for arresting the progress of
this appropriation bill through his opposition to
them ?
It would seem to be almost superfluous to enter
into an argument to show the impolicy of redu-
cing our navy-.yards, but I will, nevertheless, ask
