266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Jarvis.
Ho. op Reps.
the índuhrence of the committee for a few minutes
to enable me to glance at this question. The
French have a proverb, that " a mouse with one
hole is soon caught " This saying is peculiarly
app'icable here. If we had but one or two naval
stations, how easy would it be for an enemy that
was powerful upon the ocean to blockade our
whole fleet, increase the number to what we now
have, and it becomes impracticable. Besides, if
an enemy were to attack and succeed in destroy-
ing one of our seven naval aisenals,the shock
would scarcely be felt, but if all our naval stoies
were concentrated upon one or two points, the
destruction of either would be a blow from which
it would be impossible to recover during the con-
tinuance of a war, and which might produce a
disastrous issue to the conflict. Again, by having
our navy-yards scattered along our extensive
coast, much greater activity might be given to
their operations in time of war, a* the sei vices of
all the ship carpenters in their immediate neigh-
borhood could be secured, whereas, whether the
establishments were large or small, no moie ship
builders could be procured to labor in them than
were to be found in their vicinity, unless at an
increased expense. Our people are migratory in
their disposition; but they are also a calculating
people. When they pull up their stakes, it is
because they expect to find greater profit and
advantage from setting them down elsewhere.
Sir, they will not suffer you to transplant them,
unless you make it for their interest. You may
carry your establishments to them, but you can-
not bring them to yourestabhshments. The whole
power of the United States has been exerted in
vain to build up one city, while villages, towns,
and cities have started upas if by magic, without
our aid or the aid of the States, in every section
of our country. The gentleman from Tennessee
cited the example of Great Britain as conclusive
against the multiplication of navy-yards. He
represented that nation as having only two great
naval establishments, and of course referred to
those at Portsmouth and Plymouth. Sir, I know
not what that gentleman may consider as great
naval establishments, but in England there are
seven dock yards, the least of which is far superior
to the greatest of ours. Four of these are between
London and the mouth of the Thames, they are
situated at Deptford, Woolwich, Chathams, and
Sheerness; then come the two great yards of
Portsmouth and Plymouth, upon the shores of
the English Channel, and then at the confluence
of the Bristol and St. George's channels, in the
magnificent harbor of Milford Haven, is the new
establishment of Pembroke, which it is the inten-
tion of the British Government to make one of the
first, if not the first, naval station in the world.
This is the furthest from London of all the docks,
and yet the distance is only two hundred and
thirty-seven miles. I will mention a few of the
improvements at some of the establishments which
the gentleman considers of an inferior class.
The dock-yard at Deptford contains thirty-one
acres; it has two wet docks, one of wnich covers
an acre and a half, and the other two acres, it
has three building slips for men-of-war, a basin,
two mast-ponds, twenty forges for anchors, be-
sides mast-houses, timber-sheds, &c , and there
are employed in it, in time of peace, one thousand
artificeis.
The dock-yard at Woolwich is a mile long; it
has two diy-docks, several slips for building,
three mast-ponds, a boat-pond, a rope-walk four
hundred yaids long, and employs fifteen hundred
workmen in time of peace.
The establishment at Chatham is one mile in
extent along the river; it has two basins, four
docks, six building slips, twenty-one forges, store-
houses six hundred and forty feet long, a sail-loft
two hundred and nine feet long, and an extensive
rope-walk.
The yard at Sheerness contains sixty acres, it
was formerly used only for building frigates, and
for making slight repairs, but it has been rebuilt
since the peace of 1815 at a cost of $14,400,000,
and is, perhaps, the first in Europe; it has an
extensive quay-wall, a basin capable of contain-
ing six first-rate ships of the line, two basins for
smaller vessels, three dry-docks, and the largest
store-house in England.
In France there are no less than thirteen naval
establishments, of which I will enumerate five,
which aie infinitely superior to anything we can
boast of. These are the works at Cherbourg, in
the English Channel, where the labor of man has,
byiaising an ai tificial island, created a secure
roadstead, and where a superb basin, large enough
to contain a fleet, has been blown out of the solid
rock. Then theic is Brest, at the mouth of the
Chinnel, the establishments in the Lone, and at
Rochefoit, in the Bay of Biscay, and at Toulon,
in the Mediterranean. Su, I hope that our self-
conceit may not lead us to suppose that we are
wiser than all the rest of the world, and that a
policy pursued unvaryingly by all the Adminis-
trations of Great Britain, and by all the Govern-
ments of Fiance, will not be rejected without
mature dehbeiation—moie dehbeiation than can
or ought to be bestowed upon it as an incident to
an appiopriation bill. It is a po'icy, too, which
is better calculated foroui Confederacy, and moie
imperiously required by us, than by either of the
nations to which I have referred. The vast extent
of our sea-board, and the consequent impossi-
bility of a concentration of our physical means,
call loudly for this system. The very nature of
our fedeiative Republic makes it one of indis-
pensable necessity—a necessity which does not
exist elsewhere, but which has never been lost
sight of by any Administration, as is shown by
the endeavor to apportion, as far as practicable,
the expenditures of our Government among the
different sections of our country.
With regard to the appropriation which is re-
quired by the Navy commissioneis for the Ports-
mouth navy-yard, it is less by $26,000 than the
estimate made by the commander of that yard,
who is not an eastern man,and who can have no
interest in the appropriation but the inteiest of
his country. Since the proposition was made to
reduce this expenditure, I have received a letter
from the lieutenant of that yard, who does not
expect to be continued there, who is not a citizen
of New Hampshue, and whose pecuniary inter-
ests cannot in any way be affected by the decision
of Congress in this matter. He writes to me that
the appropriation is absolutely necessary; and
that the timber at that yard has suffered hereto-
fore for want of suitable accommodations. Me-
thinks it would be quite as prudert to rely upon
the estimates of the Navy commissioners, con-
firmed as they are by the impartial and unbiased
opinions of the officers of the yaid, as to take a
leap in the dark with those who determine, with-
out showing any grounds for their decision, that
the appropnation ought to be reduced.
Sir, I peifectly agree with my honoiable col-
league, who sits before me, [Mi. Evans,] in his
contempt of the argument resorted to by a Ports-
mouth newspaper, and transferred to the columns
of the Globe. I trust that, in the location of our
public works we shall never debase ourselves
by investigating the state of the ballot-box. If we
stooped to this inquiry, we should have nothing
permanent, and everything would depend upon
the changes in the political atmosphere. The
only inquiry for us to make is, whether the ap-
piopnationa are necessary and proper. If they
aie, let us grant them, though eveiy vote in the
place where they are to be expended should be
given against the Administration; if they are not,
I say let them be withholden, though every vote
in that place should be such as the majority in
this House could desire.
In the article referred to by my honorable col-
league, I was amused by the rhodomontade of
i the writer in calling the harbor of Portsmouth
the best harbor in the world; but I am not dis-
posed to quanel with him for the extravagance
of his eulogy. Su, this is the only haibor of the
State; it is the poor man's ewe lamb, and it is
no wonder that they are disposed to praise and
to cherish it. There is no doubt, however, of its
being a very good harbor, and a navy-yard is
well situated there as an adjunct to that of Bos-
ton. It furnishes a good port under their lee to
all vessels bound to Boston from the east, and
that may not be able to weather Cape Ann, the
eastern point of Boston bay. If they should fall
to leeward of this cape, they can up helm, and
bear away for Portsmouth, where they are at
once in from sea, and safe from storm.
Sir, I should not have said a word respecting
the advantages of my own State, if another mem-
ber from it had not spoken in doubtful tei ms of
them in his eagerness to sustain the New Hamp-
shire navy-yard, and if the honorable gentleman
fiom Virginia who preceded me in tins debate
had not made an argument foi that yard " on the
score of the benefit it was to Maine " The State
of Maine derives no advantage whatever fiom
the location of this navy yaid on her western
frontier, and I trust the gentleman fiom Virginia
will permit me to set him right in this particular.
And with regaid to the natuial advantages of the
sea coast of my own State, in companson with
Poitsmouth, I am sure that I shall be sustained
by every one acquainted with the shores of the
United States east of Boston, in the assertion
which I here make, that as harbors of refuge, as
situations for navy-yaids, as stations foi fleets,
there are many harbois ¡n Maine decidedly su-
peiior to that of New Hampshue. Among many
others, I will mention Wiscasset, where a fleet
of the largest size may ride in safety in fiom five
to twelve fathoms water, on good holdinggiound,
perfectly land-locked, and secure from the ene-
my, Booth bay, so well known to our numerous
coasters, and in which I have counted more than
seventy vessels, which had sought shelter there
at the same moment from the threatening of a
storm; the waters of the Penobscot, in which,
among other harbors, is that of Castine, which
the Bi itish know so well how to appreciate, and
of which it is said in a report of Commodoie
Bainbridge, " that it has great stiength, fiom its
' natural situation. Its bold water and excellent
' harbor affording shelterfor the largest fleets, its
' accessibility at all seasons of the year, its fa-
' vorable situation for the entry of puzes, &c,
' and Us geographical position, make its po&ses-
' sion an object of the highest consequence in the
' event of another war with Great Butain." The
only other haibor which I will mention, is the
magnificent sound running up into the heart of
Mount Desert, where all the navies of the world
might ride in security, peifectly sheltered from
wind and sea, and which, if it belonged to any
other State, would be the theme of many an elab-
orate encomium, and the occasion of many along
speech. Seveial of these haibors have the ad-
vantage which the gentleman from Rhode Island
claims exclusively for Narraganset bay—that of
being accessible with a northwest wind. They
do not, like that bay, labor under the disadvantage
of being easily blockaded; and by their position,
stietching into the Atlantic, they are very im-
poitant in a military point of view. Sir, my
honoiable colleague [Mr. Evans] said there were
more haibois in Maine than on the whole South
Atlantic frontier. He would have been nearer
the maik if he had said, there were more good
harbors in Maine than in all the rest of the Uni-
ted States.
Thegentleman fiom Massachusetts on my right,
[Mr. Phillips,] found a novel reason for opposing
this bill, or tather, he found two The first was
that theie was a balance of appropriations. Sir,
if the gentleman had examined this matter, he
would have found that, from the institution of
our Government, the average of the balances of
appiopuations was about thirty-seven and a half
per cent. Sir, these balances arise from the very
necessity of the case. The estimates for the ser-
vice of the ensuing year must be made before the
1st of December, and the supplies may not be
voted befoie a quaiter or a third of the year has
elapsed. Until the act has passed, no contracts
can be made, no engagement enteied into. So
that, though the supplies aie nominally for the
calendar year, yet in reality they are for twelve
months, beginning with the month of May. If
the whole amount of the appropriations should,
therefore, be inconsiderately expended before the
month of Januaiy, there would be a cessation of
labor on all the public works for nearly, if not
quite, one third part of the year Besides, pay-
ments are not made until the work is executed;
and unforeseen causes may prevent or retard the
fulfillment of contracts; or the very nature of the
contract may require moie time than a year for
its completion, or the contractor may entirely fail
to comply with his engagements, in all of which
cases balances must of necessity be accumulated.
As an instance in point may be adduced the large
