268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Jarvis.
Ho. of Reps.
Atlantic was removed and his place was supplied |
by a Secretary from the South Atlantic, a polit-
ical friend of the gentleman from South Carolina.
What course does he take? This South Atlantic
Secretary will surely take care of the South, and
the railway will bo erected with all possible des-
patch ! Is it so? Sir, if you will turn to the
report of Mr. Secretary Branch you will see that,
after referring to the report of the engineer who
had been appointed to make the examination, he
says: " It has not been deemed advisable since
' the receipt of the report to take any new order
« on the subject, in consequence of the great diffi-
1 cullies and heavy expense attendant upon its
•construction as therein represented." By ref-
erence to the report of the very able and practical
engineer who was employed, it will be seen that
the difficulties to be overcome were not of a char-
acter that would have prevented a northern Sec-
retary from going ahead, and that the whole ex-
pense, including an allowance of twenty-five per
cent, for contingencies, was estimated at only
$77,682. Truly, a Secretary of the Navy from
the South Atlantic does not appear to be of much
avail to Pensacola, and the Gulf section would
fare better in the hands of an enemy from the
North, than under the nursing care of such a
friend as this from the South.
But I have not yet done with Pensacola, of
which the gentleman from South Carolina has
made himself the champion. He calls upon us
to appropriate two million nine hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for that yard, and threatens us
with the loss of the regular appropriation bill for
the usual purposes of the Navy unless this be
granted. Sir, this threat sounded harsh upon my
ear: it was out of place. The gentleman will
learn, if he should make the attempt, that the
House of Representatives of the United States is
not to be operated upon by such influences. This
House will give much from reasonable consider-
ations: it may, too often, perhaps, give from
kindness. But, sir, it never has had, and I trust
it never wilt have, a boon extorted from it by a
menace. Sir, even if there were danger in the
threat, I would tell the gentleman that he would,
by making it, injure, rather than promote, the
object he has in view. But, sir, it is harmless;
there is no terror in it. I am confident that upon
reflection the gentleman himself would revolt at
such a proceeding, and would be the last to sus-
tain such a proposition. What! because this
House will not agree to introduce into an ordinary
appropriation bill an appropriation of a most
extraordinary character—an appropriation unpa-
ralleled in extravagance, which has not been rec- ,
ommended by the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment, or examined by a committee of the
legislative—because the House objects to an ap-
propriation of this amount, introduced in this
manner, the pledged faith of the nation is to be
violated, and our officers and sailors are to remain
unpaid! Sir, there is not a member of this body
who will defend so monstrous a suggestion!
I have said that this appropriation would be of
extravagance without a parallel. It is so by the
gentleman's own showing. There have already
been expended upon the navy-yard at Pensacola
upwards of four hundred thousand dollars; and
we are asked for nearly three millions more!
Undoubtedly this expenditure would render the
Pensacola navy-yard the first in theUnited States,
since it would be nearly, if not quite, as much as
'the aggregate of the expenditures upon our two
-most important yards, namely, those at Norfolk
and Boston, from the*time of their purchase up
to the present day! Not so, sir. This appro-
priation, the gentleman tells us, will only serve
to place Pensacola upon a footing with the least
of the ?Vtlantic navy-yards.
I take the gentleman's own assertions, and I
ask the committee whether they are prepared to
expend upon Pensacola nearly as much as the
whole cost of the navy-yards at Boston and Nor-
folk, when all that they can promise themselves
from such an expenditure is to put it on a footing
with the navy-yard at Philadelphia, which has
not cost one twentieth part of that sum? But the
honorable gentleman has not done justice to Pen-
sacola; he has derived his information from some
source which is unworthy of reliance; he has
been grossly deceived.
He tells us, also, that not even a long-boat can
be repaired there. If his information on this
head is from the same quarter, I cannot place any
dependance upon it; and it would seem strange
indeed if, after an expenditure of between four
and five hundred thousand dollars upon that yard,
it were in so destitute a condition as he asserts.
If it were so, what must we think of Pensacola?
The whole amount expended upon all our navy-
yards, except Washington, prior to February,
1806, was as follows:
Portsmouth........................$33,249 07
Boston............................80,521 94
New York.........................89,555 50
Philadelphia.......................41,180 84
Norfolk...........................52,748 78
$297,256 13
There have been expended at Pensacola
$419,748 05, being $122,491 92 more than was
expended on the five yards above enumerated,
from their creation to 1806; and yet we had con-
trived to keep our ships of war in a very tolerable
state of efficiency. We were able to repair not
only our long-boats, but those noble frigates,
which are unsurpassed by any vessels that we
have since built—which freed us from paying
tribute to the Barbary Powers, and gave so good
an account of the English heart of oak. Now,
if, after so great an expenditure as has been made
at Pensacola, there should exist such a lamentable
deficiency as the gentleman from South Carolina
would have us believe, it must be occasioned either
by a wasteful expenditure of the appropriations,
which I am not disposed to admit without con-
clusive evidence, when I recollect the high char-
acter of the officers who have been stationed
there: or else it must have arisen from the entire
unfitness of the place for a navy-yard, which I
am equally unprepared to allow.
But this navy-yard, for the culpable neglect of
which the Administration is to be made respons-
ible, has received its full share of attention and
expenditure since its establishment, as will be
evident from the following facts. During the
eleven years which have elapsed since the estab-
lishment of the yard at Pensacola, the whole
amount of expenditures, exclusive of those for
dry-docks, on the six Atlantic navy-yards, has
been $2,395,074 95, being, on an average, about
$399,179 16 for each yard; while the amount ex-
pended on Pensacola is $419,748 05, or upwards
of twenty thousand five hundred dollars more
than the average. The average estimate for Ports-
mouth, New York, Philadelphia, and Washing-
ton in the bill now before the committee is only
$50,132 50; while the amount proposed for Pen-
sacola is $64,000. In addition to this sum, the
Committee on Naval Affairs have recommended
an appropriation of $200,000 for constructing a
hydraulic dock or a marine railway, and for re-
moving the bar at the entrance of the bay of Pen-
sacola. The gentleman from South Carolina
seemed to think that it was the potency of his
thunder which had brought this appropriation to
the view of the House, and I am sorry to be
obliged to disturb his self-complacency. The bill
for this improvement was decided on by the com-
mittee many days before the gentleman favored
us with his views; and I had been prevented from
reporting it to the House by the question of the
North Carolina election, which, it will be remem-
bered, prevented for a number of days the reports
of committees from being made. So far as I am
individually concerned, I can assure the gentle-
; man that the course pursued by him in this de-
| bate, if it had produced any effect whatever, would
have retarded instead of accelerating the action
| of the committee. Sir, the Committee on Naval
Affairs agreed unanimously that the experiment
of removing the har at Pensacola was worthy of
i trial, but they are by no means so confident in
the result as the gentleman from South Carolina.
| He refers to the successful experiment which has
¡ been made in removing the bar at Nantucket, as
an earnest of what may be expected at Pensacola;
but he was very unfortunate in his example, for
the attempt to remove the bar at Nantucket has
proved to be an entire failure. 1 hope that it may
be otherwise at Pensacola; but I put it to the good
sense of the committee whether, under these cir-
cumstances, the practicability of deepening the
water ought not tobe ascertained before we plunge
headlong in to an expense of millions, which would
be useless unless that object can be effected—un-
less, indeed, the committee should be disposed to
aid the views of speculators, without regard to
the public interest.
It was painful to me to hear what seemed to bo
the crowning reason for th^ lavish expenditure
which has been urged upon us. It was distinctly
stated that the " Sop to Cerberus" was not suf-
ficiently large. This was an unusual sound to
be borne on southern breezes. The gentlemen
who have heretofore represented the interests of
the South may have been rash—may have been
impetuous, but they always manifested a gener-
ous spirit. Ambition may have been theirs—
towering, overweening ambition—but it was un-
tainted with avarice. Their views with regard
to the national expenditure were liberal, enlight-
ened, patriotic. They would have indignantly
repelled the proposition of working by the rule-
of-three, to ascertain whether the South had re-
ceived its share of expenditures.
Sir, it is irksome to me to take such a view of
the subject. For my own part, I ask not where
the revenue has been expended; whether in the
North or the South, the East or the West. I
only ask that it may be expended in the most
judicious manner. In saying this I speak not
my own sentiments alone; but I consider myself
the organ of the State which I have, in part, the
honor top represent. Maine never has been ob-
trusive with her claims, and she never will be.
The third State in point of tonnage, furnishing
a large proportion of the seamen of the United
States, and with more good harbors than can be
found in all the other States of the Confederacy,
she has but a small proportion of your naval offi-
cers; not a fort of any importance to defend her
numerous bays and harbors, and not a navy-
yard upon her extended coast. I say not this
as a matter of complaint, but rather of pride. I
rejoice that our citizens can take care of them-
selves; that they exercise their industry at home,
instead of besetting the Executive for appoint-
ments in the Army and Navy, or in the public
offices at the seat of Government; that they pay
their share of the revenue Of the country; ay,
sir, and scot and lot, too, without complaining
that it is not expended within our borders. She
has increased, and is increasing, rapidly in wealth
and in population, unaided by the favors of the
General Government. She cares not for your
patronage, and she scorns to ask for it. Look
in your public offices here, and how many citi-
zens of Maine will you find, from the heads of
Departments down to the most insignificant of
your clerks? Sir, amid the whole host I know
of but one ! Let us compare the number of offi-
cers of the Navy furnished by commercial Maine
and by the plantation State of South Carolina.
The former has a free white population, accord-
ing to the last census, of three hundred and nine-
ty-eight thousand two hundred and sixty; the
latter of two hundred and fifty-seven thousand
eight hundred and sixty-three. The whole num-
ber of captains, commanders, lieutenants, and
midshipmen in the Navy are seven hundred and
eighty-five, of which the proportion of South
Carolina, according to her free white population,
would be nineteen, and of Maine twenty-nine;
but South Carolina has forty, and Maine has
twenty. The former has double her proportion;
the latter has nearly one third less than she is
entitled to!
The gentleman complains of the monstrous
inequality in the disbursements for fortifications,
and in the distribution of our forts and garrisons.
Sir, I'confess myself at a loss to comprehend him.
If he had said that the North had a right to com-
plain, and that the South Atlantic and Gulf fron-
tier had received more than their share, he would
h&ve the advantage of being sustained by existing
facts. When we get to talking about shares, (sir,
I detest the word,) we must first determine upon
what these shares are to be founded. Shall they
be in proportion to the population, or to the num-
ber and importance of the ports to be defended,
or of the magnitude of the commerce to be pro-
tected ? Take either, take all—the result will still
be the same.
