1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSfON AL GLOBE.
269
24th Cons..  1st Sess.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Jareis.
Ho. of Rkps.
The North Atlantic frontier of the gentleman
comprises the sea-board of the Atlantic States from
Maine to Virginia, inclusive; the South Atlantic
and Gulf frontiers comprehend the shores of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, and Louisiana. The first division con-
sists of twelve States, who have upon this floor
one hundred and forty-two Representatives; the
latter is composed of five States and one Terri-
tory, having thirty-nine Representatives and one
Delegate. The expenditures for fortifications
have been as follows:
North Atlantic frontier...........$5,830,886 00
South Atlantic and Gulf..........4,527,227 00
Dividing these sums by States and Represent-
atives, the following result is produced:
For each State of the North Atlantic.$485,907 17
For each State and Territory of the
South Atlantic and Gulf.........757,871 17
For each Representative of the North
Atlantic........................    41,062 58
For each Representative of the South
Atlantic and Gulf...............  113,680 67
Butifwe wishto see a specimen of" monstrous
inequality," we must compare the five Atlantic
States of New England with the five States and
the Territory of the South Atlantic and Gulf.
Nem         South Mian-
England,      tic and Gulf.
White population........1,653,564     1,325,534
Portsofentry...........            33               24
Forts where the presence
of custom-house officers
is considered necessary,          115               44
Tonnage of vessels built..      95,145          4,648
Tonnage of vessels owned,
exclusive of steamboats,    807,425         88,900
Tonnage   of  vessels   en-
tered................    448,592       269,796
Forts completed.........          -                    ,9
Cost of forts completed...          -       $2,820,690
Forts under construction..             3                6
Expended upon forts un-
der construction.......f 1,119,678  $1,726,537
Let me crave the attention of the committee te
a comparison between complaining South Caro-
lina and uncomplaining Maine:
** ■     <££L
Free white population....    398,260        257,863
Tonnage of vessels built,
79forl...............      51,687              650
Tonnage of vessels owned,
exclusive of steamboats,
18forl...............    225,297         12,238
Tonnage of vessels enter-
ing, 27 for 10..........    151,281         54,259
Portsofentry, 4 for 1....            12                 3
Hospital money collected,         .
Siforl...............#4,67171       $870 42
Forts finished...........          -                     1
Forts under construction,          •                     2
Expended upon forts un-
der construction........           -         $324,426
But though so much has been expended upon
the fortifications of Charleston harbor, i t is not the
fault of the Administration that the expenditures
have not been still greater. The operations on
Fort Sumter, which is nearly in the center of
the lower part of Charleston harbor, have been
suspended since the- month of November, 1834.
The general position and character of this work
were decided upon daring the admiflistration of
the War Department by a distinguished gentle-
man of the South; the first appropriation for the
fortifications in Charleston harbor were made in
1828, and active operations on Fort Sumter were
begun in 1829, since which period the work had
steadily advanced, and a  rapidly as the nature
of it would permit. It was founded on a sand
bank, or shoal, no part of which was ever left
bare at the lowest tides, and over much of which
the water is never less than eight or ten feet deep.
This shoal, after having been selected for the
position of a fort under the administration of the
War Department by a distinguished citizen of
that State, after it had been occupied by the Gov-
ernment of the United States for more than five
years, and the foundation of the fort had begun
to show itself above the water, was granted by
the State of South Carolina, on tUe 5tl  day of
May, 1834, to " William Lavall, his heirs and
assigns, forever, in free and common socage."
It is called in the grant " a plantation or tract of
land," and it is granted with all woods, trees,
and appurtenances thereunto belonging. Woods
and trees upon a sand bank covered with salt
water could hardly be expected, and the only
appurtenances are the constructions of the United
States. This grant has arrested the progress of
the work, and if such impediments are inter-
posed, however unintentionally, by the State
authorities, it does appear to me that the Admin-
istration will stand excused, even if it should not
be over-zealous in renewing its operations until
it is made secure from the assaults of John Doe
and Richard Roe.
The gentleman from South Carolina says, that
" this gross, this monstrous inequality exists in
the distribution of arsenals, forts, and garrisons."
Let the committee say whether there be any more
foundation for this complaint than for the others.
There are seventeen arsenals, which are thus dis-
tributed:
North MUm~          South MUmtie       Lakes «tul Wat-
tie, 8.                   and Gulf, 4.             em waters, 5.
Augusta, Maine.      Augusta, Ga.            Vergenncs,   Ver-
Watertown,Mas3.    Mt. Vernon, Ala.       mont, near Lake
Watervllet, N.Y.     Appalactiiola, F1.       Chaniplafn.
Frankfort, Penn.     Baton Rouge, La.    Detroit, Mica.
Fikesville, Md.                                         Borne, N.Y., near
Washington, D.C.                                       Lake Ontario.
Fort Monroe, Va.                                      Pittsburg, Pa., oh
Richmond, Va.                                            the Ohio.
St. Louis, Mo.
Such are the positions of the arsenals. The
honorable gentleman from South Carolina, how-
ever, places twelve on the North Atlantic, which
he could only effect by transporting Lake Cham-
plain, Lake Michigan, Lake Ontario and the river
Ohio, to the Atlantic coast.
Let os now examine the distribution of our
forts, posts, ami garrisons. The Army of the
United States censista of one hundred and six-
teen companies, which art distributed among
fifty-two forts and-posts as fallows:
Fart*          Cam-
md fmU.       pqnies.
North Atlantic............         15      •      22
South Atlantic and Gulf. ..         18            27
Lake and Western frontier,         19             67
52
116
Before the reduction of the Array, when we
had a southern Secretary, the Army, exclusive
of the staff, amounted to nine thousand pne hun-
dred and eighty-nine officers and men; of whom
two thousand six hundred and sixty-seven were
stationed en the North Atlantic. We had then
twenty-nine per cent, of the Army in that section
of the country. The proportion has since been
reduced to nineteen per cent. Before the gentle-
man made this complaint against the Adminis-
tration, he would have done well to have con-
sulted his friend, the former Secretary.
The geti tie man mentions a fact, and leaves it
to others to draw their own inferences. " For
once," he says, " in the history of our Govern-
ment, all the heads of Departments charged with
our internal affairs are from the,favorite North."
Sir, I have shown that, in relation to the Navy,
the South had no reason to exult in the southern
Secretary; and the reference I have just made
with relation to the distribution of the Army is
conclusive, that under the present Secretary the
North is not so much favored as it was when
that Department was administered by a- distin-
guished citizen of South Carolina. What, then,
is the fair inference to be drawn? Surely net
that any undue partiality has been manifested
by the Administration toward*} the; northern seer
tion of the Confederacy. Permit me, in my turo,
to mention a fact, and to leave it to others to draw
the inference from it. For once in the history of
our Government, the Departments are distributed
with «one show of equality; and the gentleman
from South Carolina finds cause for remark, if
not for complaint, in this distribution. Sir, how
was it when this Administration came into power?
Let it be borne in mind that the President was
from the Southwest, and that the Vice President
was from the South. How were the Cabinet offi-
cers distributed then? Two were from the South,
two from lb  Southwest, and tWQ ftftss til  mid-
dle States. This " monstrous inequality' does
not exist at present; for each section of the coun-
try is represented in the Cabinet. The Secretary
of State is from the South, the Secretary of the
Treasury is from the East, the Secretary of War
from the Northwest, the Secretary of the Navy
and the Attorney General from the middle States,
and the Postmaster General from the southwest.
Sir, I consider the present, like the former dis-
tribution, to have been the effect of chance; for I
do not believe that it belongs to the character of
the President to be influenced by calculations of
this nature; he is above them.
i Sir, I will mention-but one other complaint
1 made by the-honorable gentleman from South
Carolina. It is the coast survey, whieh has not
i yet extended to the South. Now, I presume the
gentleman will admit that there ought not to be
I half a dozen places of beginning; at least such
was the opinion in 1816, when it was undertaken,
and when Loag Island was selected as the locality
for a base line-. .The triangulation was commenced
i  the following year, when two distinguished
citizens of Georgia and South Carolina were
members of the Cabinet, and was suspended in
r the year 1818, in consequence of the repeal of
the law by which the survey was authorized. In
1832, the act to provide for the coast survey was
revived, and it wasconsidered expedient to recom-
mence the work where it was left off, the pro-
Friety of which no one will undertake to dispute,
t is proceeding towards the South, and in due
time will reach South Carolina. . The gentleman
asks, why has uot the southern and Gulf frontier
been explored? My answer is, that it ha  been
explored, and not only so, but that great attention
has bean- paid to the survey of that coast. Sir,
the following is a list of the places surveyed to
the south of Cape Halteras, viz: Ocracoele, Beaur
fort* /North Carolina,) Cape Lookout Shoals,
Cape Fear river, Fryingpan Shoals, Charleston,
Savannah, St, Augustine, St. Mary' , St. John's
river, Key West, Dry Tortugas, St. Joseph's,
Penaacola, Mobile, and the whole coast of Louis-
iana has been examined as far as the river Atcha-
falaya.
The gentleman: from- South Carolina has had
the «oroplaisanee to inform us of the rate at whieh
he valuta his vote. If we will erect three armories
somewhere or other, (for really the gentleman
has not told us exactly where,) nine arse onto at
place  of his selection, a navy-yard n\ Charles-
ton or Port Royal, and another on> the coast of
Georgia, an extensive yard at Pensacola, with a
dry-dock, and materials for buildhjg the largest
ships, a naval station at Key West, and a perfect
Moro Castle there—" let alUhis be done, says
the gentleman, "aed he will not withhold any-
thing that may be reasonably required by the
North;" in other words, make idle, use less exr
penditures, wherever my caprice may dictate,
and then I will grant the North whatever I may
consider reasonable! Sir, the enunciation of such
a proposition is the best «newer to it!
The gentleman would fain persuade «• that
there are admirable situations for navy-yards on
his south Atlantic frontier. He says that Charles-
ton, Port Royal, and Brunswick, Present every
possible advantage. Thar* are, however, two
important defiqiencie  which he has entirely over-
looked; namely the want of water and the want
of  hÍB^!arpe tefe. AH three are barred harbors;
there is not water at tb« entrance of tb« best of
them for «vfrigattH «ad at Charlestpa the** *s_not
enough for even o«* large aloops-of-war. With
regard to ««other Moro Castle at Key West, I
would observe that if it should be thought neces-
sary to Beleet opre of the Florida keys  the Dry
Tortugas offer a better harbor and   healthier
situation. But it would be well to pause before
we ingraft a project of this kind upon «a appro-
priation bill. There cannot be a doubt that either
of the positions are favorably situated for eon-
trolling the commerce ©f the leeward West India
islands; but would it therefore be advisable to
erect fortifications upon either of them ? Would
Great Britain permit us to bridle her commerce
;with her islands in the Caribbean sea? Sir, she
has gone to war on a less occasion. She might
permit us to expend some eight or ten millions in
fortifications, but she would then take possession
of them for herself.   An insular establishment,
