270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
like the one in question, can only belong to the
ereatest naval Power, unless through sufferance.
Your castles would no more withstand the force
of Great Britain than did the Moro Castle of the
Spaniards in 1762. Or if it were possible to ren-
der them impregnable by assault, the slow but
sure process of blockade would cause the meteor
flag of England to float upon their battlements as
it did upon those of Malta. Sir, it is enough for
us that these formidable positions belong to the
United States, and cannot be occupied by an
enemy to our annoyance, unless we should be
wad enough to erect fortifications there ourselves.
The gentleman from South Carolina, though
so eager for large appropriations at the South,
recommends that we should wait at the North for
a reduction of the high rate of wages.   As my
honorable colleague spoke of the gentleman's
classical attainments, he will permit me to remind
him of the rustic in Horace who waited for the
river to pass by.   While countless millions of
acres remain unoccupied within the limits of our
Republic, the high price of labor must continue.
It would be as reasonable to wait for the passing
by of the stream of the Father of Waters—the
mighty Mississippi—in order to traverse the bed i
of that river dry shod, as to postpone our prep- i
arations for defense until the rate of wages in :'
this country shall be diminished.   The citizen of
our Republic spurns at the thought of being a
bondsman, and  will not brook & taskmaster. !
Hardy, persevering, and industrious, with his ax
on his shoulder, he journeys to the far West, and
with a strong arm and stout heart, he hews for
himself a home and independence, a competency
and even affluence, in the forests of that favored
region.    While this spirit endures, the demand
for labor will exceed the supply, and the high rate
of wages will be sustained.    And who is there ,
that would wish to have a change come over the
spirit of our citizens ?   Sir, it is of more avail for
the preservation of liberty than all your parch-
ments; it is the only safeguard of our Republic.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
seems to have compared notes with the gentleman
from South Carolina: they both harp upon the '
same string. Fault must be found with the Ad-
ministration; and a fault has been discovered by
the former gentleman for which I was not pre-
pared. It is that contractors are found at the
North who will furnish sugar to the Navy '
cheaper than it can be supplied at New Orleans! ¡
Now, air, if this were the fact, I do not perceive j
that it affords a legitimate cause of complaint I
against the Administration. The supplies for j
the Army and Navy are procured by contract, I
and the contractor who will furnish at the cheap-
est rate has the preference, whether he belongs
to the South or to the North. And if the citizens
of New England should be satisfied with a smaller
profit, or should be able to make better calcula-
tions, and be enabled, in consequence, to engross
the supply of our soldiers and sailors, with what
reason—with what propriety, let me ask, can this
be fashioned into a charge against this or any
other Administration ? I am disposed to believe
that this wiil be found to be an enduring subject
of complaint, and that even the rice of South Car-
olina and the live-oak of Florida will be furnished
by contractors of the eastern and middle States.
But with regard to the article of sugar, which the
honorable gentleman lays so much to heart, it
gives me pleasure to relieve his anxiety by assur-
ing him that it is not a component part of either
the Army or the Navy rations. There is indeed
a bill reported to the House, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole, by which several ben-
eficial changes are made in the Navy ration, and
among others is one which gives to honest Jack
an allowance of sugar and tea, instead of keeping
him dependent for these two articles upon the
purser. Now it is possible that this bill may not
have escaped the vigilance of the gentleman from
Tennessee; and through his natural sagacity, or
being possessed of the Scottish gift of second
sight, he may have foreseen that this bill would
become a law, and that the contract for groceries
under it would be taken by some shrewd Yan-
kee; and he therefore determined to layan anchor
to windward, as a sailor would say, and make
his complaint now for what is to take place a
year hence.
Maritime Defenses—Mr. Jarvis.
Sir, I regret the effort which is made to excite
jealousy and ill-feeling towards the North, by
representing it as monopolizing the supply of the
Navy. The contracts it may monopolize, but
the furnishing of the supplies is beyond the con-
trol of any contractor. The laws of nature can-
not be changed by contracts. The Navy is sup-
plied from every section of our widely-extended
Republic. From the South are received the
masts, the planks, the ship timber, the naval
stores, the rice, tobacco, and sugar; from the
western and middle States are furnished, I be-
lieve, exclusively, the flour and whisky and iron,
and from these States, and from New England,
are supplied the gunpowder, the butter, cheese,
pork, and beef. Sir, it may not be generally
known that even the far West contributes towards
the supply of the latter article. The cattle which
are raised in that boundless region are driven to
Ohio to revel in the luxuriant fertility of that
favored State; and, when fattened, are driven to
New York, and even to Boston, for the supply
of those markets. The South, too, furnishes the
cotton, which, in the eastern and middle States,
is manufactured into sail-cloth for the hammocks
and bags of our seamen, and the light sails of our
ships; and our canvas is made in New York and
New Jersey, from foreign hemp, which is pur-
chased by the exportation of our own produce.
It is not the fault of the Administration that this
article is not purchased in the western States. It
will be preferred whenever our western brethren
shall see fit to water-rot it. The desire to use
our own productions on board our ships of war
has been carried to even a blamable excess. In
order to propitiate the South, rice has been made
a component part of the sailor's ration. Now, it
is well known to every Navy officer, that Jack
has no fondness for this article of food; and that
he grudges every drop of water which is used in
boiling it. We may, perhaps, be told that rice
is good for the scurvy; and so it is; but tea is
still better, and would, moreover, be highly ac-
ceptable to our mariners.
Sir, my friend from Virginia, who preceded me
in this debate, [Mr. Garland,] having alluded
to what had fallen from one of his colleagues in
a former debate, respecting the opinions of one
of the Commissioners of the Navy, I feel myself
called upon to do justice to that officer. The
conversation took place between the commis-
sioner and two members of the Naval Committee,
of which I was one. It was free and unreserved,
and was certainly not intended to be repeated.
If every word that is uttered by officers of Gov-
ernment, not confidentially, but in the fullness
of confidence, that private opinions and conversa-
tions will not be divulged to the world, are to be
trumpeted forth on this floor, the intercourse
between those officers and the members of the
House must soon become strictly official. The
purport of the observations of the commissioner,
as understood by me, was, that as France had
for many years paid great attention to her Navy,
we should not at first contend on equal terms;
that she could bring such a force to act against
us as would be an overmatch for the superior
skill and bravery of our seamen; that three years
would be required to develop our resources; that
the final issue would be favorable to the United
States; and that no honor would be lost in the
intermediate time. The impression made on my
mind by the conversation was, that it was intended
for a stimulus to prompt and vigorous action,
and for nothing more.
In the attacks made about the same time upon
the Navy, it was charged that $65,000,000 had
been expended upon it since the war, and yet,
that it was in a deplorable state. Now, the
whole amount of appropriations since the peace
of 1815, for the increase of the Navy, has been
only..............................$14,034,000
Add amount of appropriations for re-
pairs ...........................   9,495,872
And the value of our vessels in 1816..    3,660,000
And you will have the whole amount
to be accounted for, which is.... .$27,189,872
Here are twenty-seven millions instead of sixty-
five, which arc accounted for as follows:
Ho. of Reps.
Value of vessels afloat and building.. 46,913 000
Materials on hand..................* 5^762310
Dry-docks, improvements in navy-
yards, and care of live-oak planta-
tions, paid out of this fund........   1,863,178
In the Treasury, to meet existing and
future engagements..............   2,563,475
$17,101,963
Leaving a balance of #10,087,909, or half a
million a year for the operation of deterioration
and decay, to which the Navy like everything
earthly is liable, and which cannot be avoided. °
Sir, I will not follow gentlemen any further
through the mazes of this debate, not even to
touch upon the favorite subject of the approach-
ing election of President.  I can say, in the words
of the admirable squire of the worthy knight of
La Mancha, that " I neithermake king, normar
king."   That matter I leave to the people of the
United States, to whom it rightfully belongs, not
doubting their sagacity to detect and counteract
the project which is on foot to deprive them of
the privilege of electing their own Chief Magis-
i trate.    But let me warn the friends of those can-
j didates who, having no other hope and no other
bond of union, are seeking to produce this result,
I that even if success were to attend their machi-
1 nations—of which I can discover no prospect—
no advantage could accrue to them from it.  Their
administration would be a minority administra-
j tion, powerless for good or for evil, which, after
I a rickety, uncomfortable existence of four years.
! would sink into nothingness, under the oppro-
j brious rebuke of an indignant people.
I     Mr. Chairman, it was my intention, before I
sat down, to have alluded to the general interests
of the Navy, though perhaps not strictly in order
on the discussion of this bill; but 1 have already
trespassed upon the indulgence of the committee
much longer than I intended, and I am warned to
forbear by the time which I have already occu-
pied the floor.    I will not, however, resume my
seat without expressing a hope, earnestly cher-
ished , that there will be found a majority in this
Congress who are disposed to render our Navy
more  commensurate with the  demands of our
widely extended commerce, with our revenue,
our population, and our boundless resources; and
that some scheme may be devised to give promo-
tion and active service to our officers of the inferior
grades in the Navy, who are lingering on under
our present system, sick at heart from hope long
deferred, and who will grow gray, wither, and
sink through decrepitude into unknown graves,
without the chance of arriving at the command
of even a frigate!   Sir, this picture may appear
overcharged, but the colors and the pencil are
those of stern, unvarying truth.
In the five years from 1831 to 1835 inclusive,
the promotions in the Navy have been as follows:
Nine commanders to be post captains, twenty-
one lieutenants to be commanders, sixty-three
Eassed midshipmen to be lieutenants, and two
undred and twelve midshipmen to be passed
midshipmen. There are at present forty com-
manders, two hundred and fifty-seven lieutenants,
and one hundred and ninety-nine passed midship-
men. At the present rate of promotion it will
will require sixteen years to make a passed mid-
shipman a lieutenant; sixty-one years more to
make this lieutenant a commander; and twenty-
two years more to make this commander a post
captain. Nowallowingthatamidshipman should
enter into the service at the earliest age at which
he ought to be received, which is fourteen years,
and that he passes his examination at the ear-
liest opportunity, which is after six years ser-
vice, and, to use a phrase formerly much in vogue
in New England,'«if he should live and do well,
and God should spare his life," he may at the
ripe, patriarchal age of one hundred and nineteen
years totter on the quarter-deck of a frigate of
the second class, the junior captain in the Navy
of the United States !
Sir, this requires amendment, and it must be
looked to. We amass materials for building,
but we neglect the personal of the Navy. So far
as ships are concerned, a Navy may be created
in twelve or eighteen months, but your ships are
worse than useless without officers.   The story
