1836.]
AÍ*PÉNt>IX TO THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
271
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
of the French revolution is pregnant with instruc-
tion in this respect. During that agitating period
teñerais were made, as if by inspiration, who
affled and defeated the veteran marshals of the
ancient Governments. Genius, kindled at the
torch of enthusiasm, was found sufficient to supply
the place of experience. But it was not thus upon
the ocean. Skill in seamanship, to be attained
only by experience, is necessary to place your
ship to advantage alongside of the enemy, to keep
« her in a favorable position, and to profit by any
unforeseen changes that may occur, and then
clear bull-dog fighting will do the rest. The
French had the latter, but they could not acquire
the former. Their old officers belonged to the
nobility, and had emigrated, or were guillotined,
and new ones could not be created on shore. The
French fought upon the water even more desper-
ately than upon land, but the tri-colored flag
of tne Republic and the Empire was constantly
doomed to strike to the triple cross of her more
skillful and equally daring rival. But something
more than skill is required. - You must have the
warm blood and the high pulse of youth. The
caution of old age is not calculated for the ocean;
gray-headed lieutenants are but of place on ship-
board.
Sir, let me repeat 'the hope that the Twentv-
Fourth Congress will be the epocha for the estab-
lishment of a permanent, self-regulating, self-cor-
recting system for our Navy, which shall render
the wooden walls of our Republic as renowned
in story as the wooden walls of the nation to
which we trace our origin, the Island Empire of
the eastern world; our glorious mother, first in
the arts of war, first in the arts of peace, to
whom is given the proud destiny never to be
surpassed, unless by this, her fairer daughter of
the western hemisphere! Sir, with this hope I
conclude.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. B. BROWN,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
Ik the Senate, March 7,1836,
On the Memorial of the Society of Friends, of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the Abolition of Slavery
in the District of Columbia. The question being on the
reception of the Petition—
Mr. BROWN said: Before the question on
receiving the petition was taken, he owed it to
himself, as well as to the importance of the sub-
ject which they were about to decide on, to pre-
sent 8<.me additional views to those already given
by him at an early period of the session in sap-
port of the vote which he felt it his duty to give.
Sensibly alive as he was to everything which
night menace the great interests of the South,
and fixed in his determination as he was to guard
against every attempt, so far as he could, to in-
terfere with those interests, yet he could not but
express his regret at the exaggerated representa-
tions which had been so often indulged in by
gentlemen in the course of this debate, to prove
that the abolition party (if party they could be
called) had increased to a dangerous and alarm-
ing extent.
If (said Mr. B.) a southern planter had chanced
to enter the Senate Chamber when the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
was addressing it on this subject a few days since,
he would have imagined that a proposition for
the immediate emancipation of slavery was under
consideration; that a vital blow had already been
aimed at the great interests of the South, which
required the most determined and energetic resist-
ance. What, sir, would have been his surprise,
after hearing the eloquent picture of the dangers
to which we were said to be exposed, when he
had learnt that there was not only no proposition
of that kind made by any member, but that the
doctrine of abolition was repudiated by almost
every individual who had a seat in either of the
Halls of Congress! He would venture to Say,
that on no question which had ever agitated the
public mind, from the foundation of the Govern-
mentto this time, had there been so much una-
nimity of sentiment as had been expressed, in
Congress and out of Congress, in opposition to
the fanatical movements which had taken place
in some portions of the North! If (said Mr. B.)
the honorable gentleman [Mr. Preston] can
make good his case, if he can establish the
existence of the danger which he supposes to
exist in regard to the subject of slavery, he, for
one, would be prepared to leave the station which
his constituents had assigned him here, and return
home, and warn them to take the proper steps
for their own defense. He rejoiced, however,
that a state of things existed far different from
that, which was, in a great degree, but the creation
of the gentleman's vivid imagination.
The honorable gentleman had professed a most
anxious desire that the citizens of the South
should be correctly informed as to the true state
of things to the North, in regard to this ques-
tion, and the extent and magnitude of the danger
which menaced them. He regretted that the
gentleman, in the anxiety of bis wish to furnish
correct information to the South, had omitted,
almost entirely, the testimony which had been
most abundantly borne, with few exceptions, by
every man to the North of distinction and prom-
inence in public life, while he seemed to give cre-
dence to the statements of the Abolitionists, who
had artfully sought every means to exhibit their
strength, in the most imposing manner, on'
paper.                                                      '
The course pursued by-many gentlemen, in
the progress of this discussion, was to him one
of astonishment. Many of those who liad ad-
dressed the Senate on it had relied on the testi-
mony of the Molitionists themselves to prove that
their cause was progressing. He should, indeed,
think it strange, on a trial at law, if either a
suitor or his counsel in a court were to assail a
man's character, and shouW afterwards be found
relying on his evidence to make out their case!
Most of the gentlemen who oppose the receiving
these petitions have denounced the Abolitionists
as the most vile and criminal of men, in all of
-hich he concurred; and most of them, in the
-• .Tie speeches, here read fromthe papers and pam-
phlets of the same men to make out the existence of
a dangerous and alarming state of feeling to the
North on the subject of slavery. He thought it
against every rule of evidence, as understood in
courts of law, that an individual, after having
discredited a witness, should claim for him any
degree of weight, if he should afterwards produce
him to testify in his behalf.-
Much had been said about insults which the
South was subjected to, by the introduction of
these petitions. This had been appealed to as a
strong circumstance against receiving them. What
was his surprise, then, at hearing honorable gen-
tlemen, in the course of their speeches, read many
of the most abusive and insulting extracts from
Abolition papers and pamphlets! What had be-
come of that fastidious delicacy—what had be-
come of that insulted feeling, of which we had
heard so much ? These extracts were worse,
much worse, than any language used in the pe-
titions; yet they had been openly read by gentle-
men in the Senate, who could not submit to the
insult of receiving petitions! From their lan-
guage, one would have supposed that they would
as soon have worn the shirt of Nessus, famed in
fabulous story for inflicting the severest pain on
those who wore it, as in any way to have handled
much less read these incendiary publications.
Mr. B. said, gentlemen had not only read in their
places here most offensive extracts from these
publications, but they had incorporated them in
their speeches, to be issued from the daily press
of this city throughout the country. In this way,
and by the aid of gentlemen representing some
of the southern States, incendiary matter had
been propagated to an extent which the Aboli-
tionists could not have done themselves by years
of labor and perseverance. Three daily papers
were published in this city, circulating through
the remotest part of the country; and in perform-
ing their duty to report the speeches of members
of Congress, their columns, at different periods
of the session, had been filled with very many
containing matter of this kind. The Abolitionists
had been very properly deprived of the opportu-
nity to abuse the privileges of the naril,by-ttM *
mitting publications of an incendiary character
through it. Not so was it with the speeches of
members of Congress. On them there was no
restriction; and to many of them were the Abo-
litionists indebted for sending to the South their
fanatical effusions; which, but for that circum-
stance, must have remained in deserved contempt
and obscurity. This, too, (said he,) had been
done bv gentlemen who could not for a moment
allow the petitions to be received in obedience to
the high injunctions of the Constitution as re-
garded the right of petition, although there was
a certainty that the Senate would not entertain
the objects of the petitioners for a moment, but,
after being in possession of it, would stamp their
condemnation on it, by rejection or otherwise!
Mr. B. said that himself and others from the
South who acted with him on this occasion had
been charged with dividing the South on this
question. He repelled the charge as unsustnined
by the whole history of petitions in regard to the
question of slavery from an early day of our Gov-
ernment. It had been the uniform practiee of Con-
gress to receive them in relation to this District,
and had been constantly voted for and acquiesced
in by the most wise and patriotic men from the
South. 'Congress had heretofore wisely given
them a silent direction, and had thus avoided the
ill-advised course which had this Bession been
taken, and which every hour admonished us was
pregnant with the greatest evil. It was not his
friends who had divided the South on this occa-
sion; but it Was those who had thought proper
to take a different course than that heretofore
taken by the southern representatives who had
produced the division; ay, not only divided the
South, but had divided from themselves by pursu-
ing a different course from that taken by them on
former occasions in respect to this question. Mr.
B. here referred to the Journals of the Senate at
the session of 1833 and 1834, and that of 1834
and 1835. In the former, several petitions in
favor of abolition in the District of Columbia, had
been presented in the Senate. In the course of
the latter, a number more had been presented at
different periods of the session, allot which were
not only received, but honored with a reference
to the Committee on the District of Columbia
without opposition from a single individual of
that body, and, consequently, by the unanimous
consent of the Senate.- The Senators from South
Carolina were then members of this body, and
must have acquiesced in this course. Most of
the gentlemen at present members of this body
from the South, and who now oppose the simple
reception of these petitions, were then belonging
to it, and must likewise have assented to the dis-
position made of them. He repeated, therefore,
that it tea* not those who acted with him on this
occasion who had contributed to divide the South,
but it was those who now raised the question out
of which this debate had sprung who had pro-
duced that division, and had even done more—
had divided from the course formerly pursued by them-
selves.
Mr. B. «aid he was at a loss to understand how
it happened that gentlemen thought so differently
from what they had done in the years 1834 and
1835. Was it because this happened to be tht
year 1836?
It had been charged (said Mr. B.) against those
with whom he acted, by one of the Senators from
South Carolina, that they had introduced topic 
of a party and political character intb this debate1.
What motive or what inducement could they
hare in connectmg party politic  with this ques-
tion ? On the contrary, it  «* lAot very connection
which himself and his friends had constantly
deprecated as being fraught with the most per-
nicious consequences to the whole country. The
gentleman's usually faithful memory had not
served him well on this occasion. Did he not
remember that his colleague had, but a short time
before that, exhibited in the Senate an abolition
paper, ahd had sought to connect with it the
names of two distinguished individuals, candi-
dates for high offices, when it was promptly stated
by a member on this floor that the paper so
exhibited was one of inveterate enmity to the
cause which it had pretended to espouse, and had
assumed that guise the more fully to accomplish its
purposes of political .hatred >
