272
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Co.vg....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Brown.
[March 7,
Senate.
Mr. PRESTON, in explanation, said he did
riot in tend to attach blame to either political party,
if he was so understood.
Mr. i;RO\VN said he was happy to hear the
gentleman disclaim making the imputation which
he had understood htm to make, lie well knew
the untiring effort  which partisan politicians
and editors of newspapers of a certain political
cast are making to connect this question with
party politics.
It had been urged as an argument in favor of
the motion to refuse to receive the petition, that
it would have the effect to arrest the progress of
the Abolitionists, if the doors of Congress were
closed against them. He could not believe that
it would produce the result which seemed to be
•o confidently anticipated by some Senators.
The tendency of such a course would be far more
likely to aid their designs, and increase their
strength, than to put them down. It would enable
them to take shelter from the storm of public
indignation, which then threatened them, under
the constitutional provision which secures the
right of petition to the humblest and meanest
individual. It would give them a weapon to use
against our friends to the north; in short, in hia
estimation it would have the effect to weaken
those in that section of our country, yho had
taken an open and manly stand in behalf of the
South, while on the other hand it would tend to
strengthen our enemies. Were there any so little
experienced in the knowledge of human nature
as not to know that there is no individual, how-
ever abject and degraded he might be, if brought
before a court of justice, to answer to a criminal
charge, and he is deprived of the rights on his
trial which the laws secure to all without distinc-
tion, but would have sympathies enlisted in his
behalf in the community around him, which,
under other circumstances, would have remained
unmoved ? Similar to this would be the effect of
refusing the constitutional right of petition in this
case. So much for the probable effect of such a
course on public opinion to the north. A few
words, then, as to the probable effect on the
Abolitionists themselves. He could not believe
that it would operate to cure that mental insanity
on this subject, which had seized on them. Did
gentlemen really believe that a decision of the
Senate not to receive their petitions, would have
the efficacy attributed to it? Did they hope to
convince their judgments by such decision? If
so, he thought they would be greatly deceived,
for when had a rooted prejudice been plucked
from the human mind by such a course engen-
dered in the dark and brooding spirit of fanat-
icism ?
Mr. B. said that the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Swift] had, in answer to a call made on
him by a member of that body, borne testimony
to the increase in the number of abolition societies
in his State since he had left home to attend Con-
gress. He regretted that the gentleman had not
communicated another very important fact, in
connection with this subject, in relation to his
State. He had been informed from a source which
he could not doubt, that the Legislature of Ver-
mont had, at its session held some time during
the last fall, rejected resolutions which had been
brought forward in favor of abolishing slavery in
the District of Columbia by a very large majority
—one much larger than had been given against
resolutions of the same character at the session
of the preceding year. It would therefore seem,
from this indication—and surely il was a very
fair one by which to judge of public opinion—
that the abolition party in that State had been on
the decrease down to the meeting of the Legisla-
ture of that State, which he believed was a thort
time before the commencement of the present session
of Congress. If, therefore, the number of Aboli-
tionists had increased as the gentleman says it
had done, as he has been informed since his ar-
rival here, the inference is very strong that it had
received a new impulse from the excited discus-
sions which commenced here at a very early
period of the present session of Congress. It
gave still stronger confirmation of the pernicious
consequences of the course which had produced
the discussion of this subject in the Halls of Con-
gress. The spirit of abolitionism, if it was ex-
tending as was represented, had, in his opinion,
been enabled to do so from the aliment afforded
it by the agitation of the subject here. It was
by that alone that it could be kept alive to any
extent. Agitation on this most exciting subject,
like one of the most powerful passions of the
human breast, " makes the meat on which it
feeds."
Mr. B. said that he could not but trace, in his
own mind, a very strong similitude between the
history of the memorable panic session and that
of the present session, in connection with this
subject. When Congress had met, at the com-
mencement of the former, and some time after
the removal of the deposits, the public mind was
comparatively tranquil, and but little was heard
of distress; but no sooner had it assembled, and
speeches, calculated to alarm the fears of the
countrv, were every day thrown upon it, than
the public mind became excited, and its appre-
hensions aroused. When the present session of
Congress commenced, although the people of the
southern States had been in a state of high ex-
citement in the summer months, in consequence
of the movements of the Abolitionists, yet they
had become comparatively tranquilized after the
almost universal demonstration of public opinion
at the North. An expression more general, a
manifestation of public sentiment more strong
and universal never had been given before, in
that quarter, on any great question pertaining
even to their own immediate interests, than was
shown in the proceedings of the numerous public
meetings assembled to discountenance the move-
ments of the fanatics. To this had been added
the powerful energies of the Post Office Depart-
ment to protect us from the dissemination of in-
cendiary publications; all of which had naturally,
in a great degree, allayed public feeling. Whether
another panic was to be gotten up, and the public
mind again to be disturbed, remained to be seen.
He trusted that the good sense of the country
would not yield to it, and that it would meet the
same fate in public opinion which its predecessor
had done.
It had been repeatedly urged (said Mr. B.) that
the rights of the South would be surrendered, and
its dignity and honor insulted, if these petitions
were received; and those members of the Senate
from the South who intended to vote for their
reception, had been more especially alluded to in
no very complimentary terms. The dignity and
honor of the South insulted ! He could not admit
that any of the miserable effusions of the deluded
persons —composed, as a large portion of item
were confidently said to be, of women and chil-
dren—could insult the people of the South. As
a Senator from one of the southern States, he felt
that the elevation of the body of which he was a
member was too high for it to notice with so much
gravity these contemptible papers, and that the
objects themselves were too low to enter into a
question seriously of dignity or honor with. If
he were to do so, he did not believe that he should
either promote the one or advance the other.
In regard to the great interests of the South,
he hoped he might be allowed to say, that other
Senators representing the southern States, and
who intended to vote to receive the petitions, had
the same high motives of fidelity to their con-
stituents, of sacred regard to all the ties of social
and other obligations which united them to their
immediate portion of country, in an extent as
great as could possibly operate on the Senators
from South Carolina. He could not admit that
any were the exclusive depositaries of southern
honor or of southern interests. He did not doubt
if danger at any time should threaten the South,
if an attempt should be made to interfere with
her domestic institutions, by violence or in any
other way, but that those who thought differently
on this question from the Senators from South
Carolina, would be as prompt to repel it at all
hazards as they could possibly be.
He could not (said Mr. B.) pass over a remark
made by an honorable Senator [Mr. Preston]
when addressing the Senate on this subject, with-
out especially replying to it. That gentleman
had alluded to the feeling which pervaded Eng-
land and France on the subject of slavery, and
had represented the moral power and sympathies
: of the greater portion of the Christian world to
! i be against us.   Mr. B. denied the conclusion to
which the gentleman had come, and as one of the
j representatives coming from the South, would
; put in a plea in her behalf. If the question of
slavery were at this time an original one if it
were now for the first time about to be introduced
into the southern country ns tin institution, then
he would admit that the conclusion was just.
But in the circumstances which surround us, in
the situation which we find ourselves placed, and
in the present actual condition of the South, were
to be found a necessity so strong and inexorable
for the continuance of this institution, as to afford
the most perfect and triumphant justification in
the eyes of the statesman, the moralist, and the
philanthropist, whatever opinion they might en-
tertain on the abstract question.
Let us suppose (said Mr. B.) that what the
gentleman had, in the extravagance of his im-
agination, considered might possibly occur, that
some modern fanatic like him who, in the days
of darkness and superstition, had spread over
Europe a religious frenzy that ended in the famous
crusade, should, in any part of our country, at-
tempt to set on foot such an expedition against
the domestic institutions of the South by an ap-
peal to the fanatical feelings of ignorance or mis-
guided religion, what, in all probability, would
be his fate, and that of his wicked and deluded
followers? Why, every Christian sympathy
which is felt in the human breast—every enno-
bling sentiment that belongs to our nature—every
patriotic remembrance of our common efforts in a
common cause—the indignant sense of the whole
country at the attempt of such a wicked and
daring atrocity, would all unite to bring down on
the heads of those engaged in it a vengeance so
speedy that they would be annihilated by their
own countrymen before they could pass beyond
the confines of a single county in their own State!
Such were his impressions as to the sympathies
and feelings of the great body of citizens of the
non-slaveholding States, derived, as they were,
from most respectable and intelligent gentlemen.
He would say a word or two as to the influence
of the moral power of the nations in Europe,
against the South, of which mention had been
made. He believed, on examination that the very
reverse of the picture which had been given,
would be found more likely to be true. The
Government of Great Britain had much more to
apprehend from the moral influence of our ex-
ample as a nation, than we had from theirs. The
South, which had been spoken of as having ar-
rayed against it such a host of influences and
sympathies, had borne a most conspicuous and
important agency in conducting the Government
ana public offices of this nation. The names of
her distinguished sons — her Washington, her
Jefferson, and Madison, animated the friends of
liberty in every part of the civilized world. He
did not believe any portion of the world had pro-
duced greater moral effect on the destinies of the
age, than had the principles and examples of the
eminent statesmen of the South, who had filled
the executive department of the Federal Govern-
ment for a period of forty years. The public
journals of England, in particular, were almost
continually filled with expressions of admiration
at the cheering and brilliant results which each
year was unfolding under our system of govern-
ment. The rapid march of reform was hastened
by the example; and he again repeated, that the
moral power of our Confederacy, though it was
composed in part of slaveholding States, was
much more felt in Europe, than any effect that
they could produce against us.
Mr. B. believed if those who represented the
southern States in Congress united, as they had
been called on to do, and, by a solemn vote, de-
nied the constitutional right of petition on the
plea that ihe abuse of the privilege, in this in-
: stance, justified a sacrifice of the great principle
| involved in it, and then, indeed, the South would
1 no longer be considered  as furnishing, in her
¡ statesmen, the champions of constitutional hb-
j erty.who had always been among the first to fly
I to its succor; but it would do more to lessen that
moral influence, which she had exercised in the
councils of the nation, than any other stand
which he had ever before taken.
Mr. B., in conclusion, expressed his unabated
I confidence in that good sense, liberal feeling, and
