1836,]
Appffypi%. TQTpiS, QjOtKQRjE^SIQNA^ GLOBE.
27a
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation BiU-~Mr. Cushman.-
Ho. oí Reps.
patriotism which pervaded the great mass of
American citizens,both in the South and North;
and in all the great difficulties which had existed
in our progress as a nation, had proven them-
selves abundantly competent to overcome them.
He did not doubt their success in this instance, !
and believed that they would again exert the
game happy effect.                                               I
NAVY APPROPRIATION BIW..
SPEECH OF HON. S. CÜSHMAN,
OF NSW HAMPSHIRE,                    |
In the House or Representatives,
Jlpril 7,1836,                            ,
Ob the bill malHng appropriations for the improvement of
Navy-Yards, fee.
Mr. CUSHMAN rose and addressed the House
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: Owing to the lateness of the
hour of the day, considering the length of time
that this bill has been before the House, and
believing, as I do, that the public interests are
suffering in consequence of the delay in making
appropriations for the naval service, I shall con-
fine myself to a very few remarks upon the
subject now under consideration. On a former
occasion, about two months since, I had the honor
of addressing the House relative to the appro-
priations which have been recommended by the
committee for the improvement of the navy-yard
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. The remarks
which I then made were elicited by a motion .
submitted by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] to strike out one half of the sum
which had been recommended for that purpose;
which motion 1 opposed, on the ground that it'
would be prejudicial to the public service. At
that time I conceived it to be my duty to give a
very minute description of the abovementioned
naval station, in order that I might satisfy, if it
were possible, every member of this House that
it was one of the most favorable positions for a
large naval depot of any in the United States; that
nature had, in a great measure, protected it from
the assaults of the enemy. At all events, that a
very small force would secure it from depredation
by an invading foe.
Another important fact which I then offered for
the consideration of the House—a fact which I
then thought, and which I still firmly believe,
ought to be sufficient to put this question entirely
at rest, was that the above-mentioned navy-yard
was-accessible at all seasons of (he year. As
proof of this fact, reference is made to a memo-
rial of the citizens of Portsmouth, presented to
the Senate of the United States in February, 1827.
Speaking of the harbor of Portsmouth, the fol-
lowing language is used: "His never, even in the .
'jnoft intense cold of «inter, obstructed by tee; and
'the fact is remarkable that, for severed weeks past,
'and at the present time, while all our other naval
'pork art dosed with ice, Ms is as free and open as
' at midsummer." This was the authority upon
which I then stated, that while all other harbor 
north of the Potomac were rendered inaccessible
in consequence of the ice, the one at Portsmouth
was entirely free from any such obstruction*;
that m the coldest weather of the coldest winters
this harbor was open to the whole world. It was
Upon this ground also that I theh Stated the fact
to which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Cüíhinc] took an exception—that while Boston
harbor was frozen tip from four to sft weeks, the
due at Portsmouth was entirely free from ice. If
any member of this House then supposed that I
was stating a- feet with my own knowledge, per-
mit me here to say that I did not intend to be so
understood. But, tór, being it little surprised by
the reply made by that honorable gentleman,!
embraced the irst opportunity in my power to
obtain further evidence upon that subject, and
from the receipt of Which I am prepared  repeat
that the fact as then stated by me was substan-
tially true.
I nave said this much, not from any prejudices
which I indulge toward the inhabitants of the city
No. 18
of Boston, oMhe State in which that flourishing
city is situate'd. Neither did I make that state-
ment with an expectation that the merits of one
place were to be enhanced by detracting from the
merits of others. I would not do this, any more
than I would endeavor to establish a good repu-
tation of a friend by slandering his neighbor.
There are occasions, however, when comparisons
ought to be made, and I believe this to be one of
them; when an attempt is made by some gentle-
men of this House, to produce an impression that
the naval depository in that part of the country
to'which I belong ought not to receive the patron-
age of the General Government.
Mr. Speaker, within a few days past, it seems
that old things have been done away, and one
thing, at least, has become new. I allude to the
first motion made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see to reduce the appropriations for the improve-
ment of the navy-yard at Portsmouth one half.
This motion, which was made two months ago,
has, for some reason or other, been withdrawn,
and a motion made by the same gentleman to
strike'out the whole sum. The gentleman says
that he has adopted this course for the purpose
of throwing open the whole ground, so as to dis-
cuss the propriety or the impropriety of consol-
idating the navy-yards agreeable to the report óf
the Navy Commissioners of 1827. Although this
course was entirely unexpected, yet,sir, I have no
right to complain. I am willing to meet the ques-
tion either upon its most unlimited extent, or
within a more narrow compass, as may best suit
the disposition of those who desire to discuss this
subject. And, sir, it is now my intention, if it
be possible, to satisfy every member of this
House that the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, is not one of the best places for a
national depot, but that it is the1 very best which
has been selected for an establishment of this pur-
pose in the whole country.
The truth, so far as I have the power, I now
shall proceed to establish, and I hope it may be
done to the satisfaction of every gentleman pres-
ent; after which it is my intention to ask their
indulgence while 1 can make a few remarks rela-
tive to the report above mentioned, to which the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee has alluded.
In addition to the recommendations which have
heretofore been mentioned, I wish to call the at-
tention óf the House to the fact, that ships are
built at this place at less expense than at any
other place in the country—I mean where the
Government has carried on ship-building to any
great extent. It is supposed by some that ships
can be built as cheap and as welt at Penaacola as
at Portsmouth. This cannot, at present, be sat-
isfactorily determined; but, save that plate, there
has been ri^ne; and I presume that the Govern-
ment will not, in all future time, find a place
where ships will be built so welt and so cheap as
at Portsmouth. In the first place I would refer
to the presumptive evidence which the past his-
tory of the country furnishes to prove tpis point.
Many years since, while New Hampshire was.
one of the! British colonies, those whose duty it
was to manage the affairs of that Government in
this particular branch of the public service, se-
lected Portsmouth as the most favorable spot for
the above purpose. And in everything apper-
taining to the naval service I believe no one will
doubt their sagacity.' And from the earliest pe-
riod of the-history ofthat State and of the coun-
try to the present time, this has been considered
one of the most favorable places for shíp-buíltf-
irtg, bothf'for the public and merchant service, of
any in the United States. If I am not mistaken
in my recollections, this is the favOred soot where
was erected and'combleted the first Vessel which
was ever built in this country-, at any rate it is
the place where the first public ship was built.
This, of itself, ought to awaken such associations,
in the mind of the patriot as not to abandon this"
Slace, unless the public good shall imperiously
emand such a sacrifice. But, sir, for proof of
such an important fact, I will not ask the House
to rely alone upon presumptive evidence. I Jiave
in my-possessiOn a public document which puts
this subject entirely at rest. It is a letter from
the late Secretary of the Navy, Mr, Southard,
-  -  t         .->   \          ,i   ,'    .    .i :    .   J  i.
dated the 9th of February, 1827, wherein it is
stated that the schooner Alligator, which was
built at Boston, cost the Government the sum
of................................$22,745 65
When the Porpoise, a schooner of the
same class, was built at Portsmouth
for the sum of...................20,408 75
Making a saving of expenditure in this
one small transaction of...........   2,336 90
By this we perceive that there is a saving of at
least ten per cent, by building ships here rather
than at Boston, only sixty miles south of that
place. And any gentleman who will please to
examine this document will find that the average
expense between ship-building at Portsmouth and
the other nayy-yaras in the country is twenty
per cent, less than at other places.
Again, sir, it is said by those who have had
experience on this subject, that timber and other
materials which are extensively used in ship-
building are less liable to receive injury at this
place than in more southern latitudes; that tim-
ber, during the time of its dockage, does not be-
come worm-eaten in those waters, and that iron
does not suffer so much from rust at that place
as to other navy-yards. These are considerations
which ought to have, and I doubt not will have,
great weight in governing the, final action of Con-
gress upon this subject. It is well known to those
who have any experience in this business, that
timber, before it can be rendered fit for the
builder's use, ought for a long time to be im-
mersed in salt water; and if it should during this
period become worm-eaten, it of course is very
much injured, if not rendered entirely worthless.
It is well known also to those who are conversant
with this branch of the public service, that im-
mense quantities of iron are used in the construc-
tion of ships, and that it is necessary for the
Government to have at all times large supplies in
store for that purpose. Hence it becomes very
important that those places, if any such can be
found, should be selected for the storage of those
supplies where that article is the least liable to
receive injury. I do not assert the above-men-
tioned facts Upon my own knowledge; but, sir,
they are facts which have been communicated to
me by those whose duty it was to know them,
and whose statements are entitled to the most
implicit confidence; and if the facta are so, then
should the navy-yard at Portsmouth be patron-
ized by every statesman in the couhtry.
Once more, ¡sir: the depth of water in the Pis-
cataqua river gives this place a decided advantage
of all others as a naval depot in the United States.
There is not a navy-yard in the country, unless
Norfolk make an exception, where the largest
ships of the Navy can, with ease and with safety,
gain access, save the one at Portsmouth. In
proof of this fact, I again ask leave to refef the
members of this House to the aforesaid memorial.
It is there stated, and without the fear of contra-
diction, that "at the lowest tides there are ten'
«fathoms, or sixty feet, at the entrance through
' the main channel (of the riyer) to the návy-
< yard, and at the navy-yard, where ships of the
' largest class may lay,' and from whence they
' may proceed to sea at dead low water, a desid-
' eratum not to be found at ahy other naval sta-„
< tion in the United States," 'This fact, if it stood'
alone, entirely alone, itfo$il4 be,.a sufficient.reason
why this national depository stiiJuJd' «ever be
abandoned; but; on the contrary, it shotfW be a'
sufficient reason why it should receive,'in all
future tipie, the patronage Of the General Govern-
ment and the unceasing influence of those who
administer its importan* concerns. Admit this
fact, and eveh in fc. timé of profound peace the
Goverrfment could not safely and conveniently
carry on its naval operations without this place.
It is true that those stips-of-the-line which are
ordered to the South A^atatic or into the Pacific
ocean nlay, on their return, perchance, gain
access td the navy-yard at Norfolk, and there
receive a speedy refit for the public service. But,
sir, what is to Be done with those in the Mediter-
ranean or the Eastern Seas? Shall they also be
compelled to sail along the whole of the eastern
[coast to the Chesapeake bay, before they can
