1836.]
APPENlM TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.                  Northern Éoundary of Ohio—Mr. Ewing,
Senate.
new ? Has not the Government always selected
artificers, mechanics, and «hip carpenters? Most
assuredly. And I apprehend that not a single
instance can be pointed out where the Govern-
ment has met with any difficulty in obtaining the
first rate of workmen in sufficient numbers to
complete all the works which have been con-
templated by the Government; and as it respects
my own State, the General Government may rest
assured that she may there always be furnished
with a sufficient number of the first class of work-
men, at reasonable, fixed, and moderate wages.
My belief is, that by reducing the number of
navy-yards agreeable to the plan proposed in the
above-mentioned report, the wages of artificers,
shipcarpenters.and mechanics would be increased
instead of being diminished, because there would,
in that case, be a much more limited circle than
die Government now has, from which to make
a selection. Supposing Congress should, at its
present session, make provision for building eight
ships, would it not be as cheap for the Govern-
ment to build one at each of the navy-yards, as
to build four at Norfolk, and the other four on
the waters of the Narraganset bay? It appears
to me that every gentleman most answer this
question in the affirmative. And he would do it
upon the ground that the wages of a thousand
men would be the same, whether they were all to
be concentrated into one place or dispersed into
ten places. Neither can it make any difference
as to the expense of those whose duty it is to
superintend this branch of the national service,
especially in a time of peace, because more or
less of them are to be found in almost every town
and city on the Atlantic coast, and their salaries
are the same, whether they are diversified or con-
centrated.
But, sir, although the plan laid'down in this
report, of having two magnificent national depos-
itories, one on the Chesapeake, and the other on
the Narraganset bay,and retaining those at Wash-
ington and Boston as auxiliaries thereunto, might
possibly answer for the public service in a time
of peace; but in that case, what would be the
situation of the country in a time of war ? It is
to such a period that we should direct our atten-
tion, when we are about to make appropriations
for the improvement of the navy-yards, for the
increase of the Navy, and forfortifications. Might
not both of these great depositories'be blockaded,
and by that means the country be cut off from
all supplies for the Navy ? Would not these two
places, in the case of a war, be more easily block-
aded, and in that event more liable to be block-
aded than any two places on the whole Atlantic
coast ? Let the history of the revolutionary war,
as well as the history of the late war, answer
that question. I may also refer to this very re-
port to prove that fact; forthe Navy commission'
era say, " our past sufferings admonish us that
the Chesapeake bay and the waters near Rhode
Island are our most vulnerable points."
A fine recommendation this for the only two
national depots in the country! If the authors of
that production had been speaking of fortifica-
tions, then might they have said with propriety
thatthese are two of the "most vulnerable points'*
in the country, and therefore the means of defense
should be sufficient to render them invulnerable.
But, sir, let these two places becoVne the only
depositories for naval stores, and the general ren-
dezvous of our Navy, past experience will show
that the best and the highest interests of the coun-
try would thereby be put in jeopardy. I hope
and trust, sir, that neither this nor any other
Administration will ever carry into execution any
such project. And, sir, if the opinion of this
House should accord with my own, then the
sums mentioned in the bill under consideration
for the improvement of navy-yards wilt be appro-
priated for that laudable purpose. This brings
me to the time when it is proper to go into a con-
sideration of that part of the subject; I roust,
therefore, ask the indulgence of the House'for a
few moments while I submit a remark or two
relative to the several items included in the report
of the Navy commissioners.
Mr. Speaker, as to that part of the subject
relating to the estimates, or the amount which it
""ay require to complete the public works which
have been mentioned, I do not pretend to be a
suitable judge. This is no part of my duty,unless
it be apparent that the sum asked for should be
very extravagant, manifesting a disposition to
squander away the public money in a wanton
manner. This responsibility should be made to
rest where it ought, that is, on the honorable gen-
tleman at the head of the Navy Department.
But, sir, as to the necessity of making the im-
provements which have been recommended by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, I have no doubt.
Thi  naval depot, as its merits became more
extensively known, has been made to assume a
rank but little inferior, if any, to similar insti-
tutions in the country. Two ship-houses were
erected many years since, in-which there are two
of the first rate of ships. The foundation for a
third ship-house has been laid, and will probably
be completed the ensuing season. Very exten-
sive supplies of ship timber have been sent to
this yard, which requires attention; and, as a
part of my argument opon this part of the sub-
ject, I wish to refer the committee to one or two
paragraphs contained in the report which has
been so often alluded to.
The Navy Commissioners ssry, that "from
• necessity, ever since the creation of our Navy,
' we have been compelled to use, to a great extent,
' unseasoned timberin the construction and repair
' of our ships; hence- immense expenditures and
' great loss of time, (invaluable in war,) arising
' from the necessity of frequent repairing them."
The same report then proceeds to provide a
remedy for this great evil, which is as follows,
namely  " Provide extensive supplies of ship tim-
' ber, and place it in a state to be well seasoned
' before it is used; and for this purpose they
' recommend that the timber be immersed in
' water for twelve months, then taken up and
' placed undercover, to protect it against the sun,
' rain, and high winds; its immersion will render
' it less liable to split or rent. - It should not be
«taken out of the water, however, excepting early
' in the spring, if it can be avoided; and it should:,"
' after being cawed or reduced to proper sizes
' required in ship-building, be- put under sheds
' so constructed as to admit of a free circulation
' of air, but at the same time to shield it from too
• much exposure to the *un and strong currents
' of air. It is believed' that if timber used in ship-
< building should undergo a process like this,
' their durability would be increased two-fold."
If these facts be true, then add to those one
other, viz; there is at this place extensive supplies
of ship timber unprovided for. It would seem
that no one would for a moment object to the
appropriations contained in this bill. Every gen-
tleman «an ftadily conceive that so long as it
shaHbe necessary and expedient to have an ample
supply of maBts, spars, boats, and other naval
supplies constantly on hand, so long it will be
necessary arid expedient to have mast houses,
boat houses, and timber sheds. I hope, there-
fore', Chat the sum named in the bill will be appro-'
priated for those purposes.
i '._________•______________LH
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.  . v
SPEECH OF, HON.THOMAS EWING,
OF OHIO,
1* vni SenaM, DetbnbérW, 1835,
On introducta}! the Bill to settle *qd determine the Northern
Boundary Line of (be $tat%of Ohio.        ,
Mr.'EWING said:   _ .         '    •  '
- Mr. Prwtoent: I feel it due to tfie'importance
of the measure which I'propose, and to public ex-
pectation and public opinion in my State,* that I
C resent, at this early stage of the proceeding, a
rief summary at least of the question to which
this bill will give rise. I feel it the more important,
to* do so, as public Opinion abroad, throughout
the Union, has been assailed, and in some meas-
ure preoccupied, with papers issuing from various
quarters inimical to the proposed measure, papers
in which a one-sided view of the case has been
presented; and in some instances erroneous state-
ments of public documents have, in the over-aeal
of individuals to establish their favorite position,
been sent abroad as a part of the political history
and of the law and truth of the case. I wish, in
behalf of Ohio, that the facts as they exist may
go forth to the public in such small compass that
they may be seen, examined, and understood.
And I wish, by reference to documents here, and
all the documents that I think bear upon the ques-
tion, to lighten the labor of gentlemen who wish
to examine it, and form their judgment. This
being my object, I shall attempt little argument,
and indulge in no discussion.
The bill, so far as relates to Ohio, is the same
in all its provisions with that which I have twice
offered in the Senate, which has twice passed this
body, and which has been twice lost among the
unfinished business of the House. A few words
are necessary, however, to explain the full pur-
port of its provisions. The act of Congress of
the 30th of April, 1802, "authorizing the inhabit-
ants of the eastern division of the northwestern
territory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment," directs that the contemplated State shall
be bounded " on the north by an east and west
line, drawn through the southerly extreme of
Lake Michigan," "running east until it shall
intersect Lake .Erie on the territorial line; thence
with the same through Lake Erie to the Penn-
sylvania line." Under this law the convention
met, and formed the constitution of Ohio; but
fearing that the mouth and estuary of an import-
ant river,which had its course within the State,
would be excluded by the prescribed boundary,
the convention accepted it, with a proviso which
is found in the sixth section of the seventh article
of the constitution, and is in the following words:
"Provided, always, and it is hereby (tally understood and
declared by this convention, that, if the southerly bend or
entrance of Lake Michigan should extend so far south that
aline drawn due east from it should not intersect Labe
Ene, Or if it should intersect the said Lake east of the mouth
of the Miami of the Lakes, then and in that case, with the
assent of the Congress of the United States, the northern
boundary of the State shall be established by and extend to
a line running from the southerly extremity of Lake Mich-
igan to the most northerly cape of the Miami Bay," " thence
northeast to the territorial line, and by the said territorial
line to the Pennsylvania line."
Now, sir, the position of Lake Michigan is
proved to be, as was apprehended by the frame rs
of the constitution of Ohio. The southerly ex-
treme of Lake Michigan is bo far south that a line
drawn from it due east, cuts off the mouth of'the
Miami of the Lakes, and intersects Lake Erie
many miles east of that river; and this bill copies
substantially the above recited proviso of the con 
stitution of Ohio, and will, if it become a law,
give the express assent of Congress to the bound-
ary designated therein. The objections to the
boundary named in the act of* Congress, is best
understood by reference to a map of the country,
which Senators will find upon their tables. .It
will be seen that the Miami of the Lake, a large
and navigable river, the largest I believe which
flows northward into that chain of Lakes, has
almost its whole course in Ohio, and its whole
and entire navigable course in Ohio and Indiana,
except the last eight miles, and its mouth and
bay, or estuary, which are cat off by this_ east
and west line, and thrown into another jurisdic-
tion, that of the Territory of Michigan.
I can acqujt at once the framers of the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the Congress which passed
the law of April 30,1809,'of the apparent neglect
of the just interests of the great civil division of
our country which comprises the community
which those acts called into being. They had
fixed, according to their belief of the geographical
relations of the country, boundaries to that State
which were totally unexceptionable. The line,
as they had fixed it, did,, as they believed, instead
of cutting off from Ohio the mouth of the Miami
of the Lake, extend northward beyond the river
Raisin, to the head of the lake, or rather above
it, near the mouth of the Detroit river. I refer
to an ancient map of the country, the same which
was of the highest authority at the time of the
passage of the ordinance and the act of 1802, to
show what was their purpose, and what were
their opinions as to this boundary. It is a sin-
gular case of an error affecting a division of land
or á tract of country. It is not a mistake in the
position of aft objectwhich forms part of abound-
ary; but the position of a very remote object,
