278
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Documentary History—Mr. Huntsman.
Ho. of Reps.
not close, and that one of them must be varied ;
by legislative enactment or judicial construction, :
or the State of Ohio has no boundary. This state
of things could not have been in accordance with
the intent and purpose of the framers of the law
of April 30, 1802.
The line, then, so far as it touches the bound-
ary of Ohio, was intended, by the Congress of
the United States, to be where it appears on
Mitchell's map, and the other maps of the day.
If this were the case—if two individuals contract-
ing for the transfer of land, who had been gov-
erned in their contract by a plat spread out before
them, and if such contract had Deen made, and
such map exhibited as showing the boundary be-
tween individuals, I ask every land lawyer here, if
a reference in the deed to some remote object as
that from which one of the boundary lines should
emanate, when the position of that object was
proved to have been mistaken by the parties,
would control the bounds of the grant? Inequity
would it ? Would it between man and man, the
facts being fully made out? Would it be per-
mitted to defeat the manifest intent and purpose
of both parties? We know well it would not.
We know that where the lines and bounds of a
tract of land are shown by the vender to the pur-
chaser, either upon the ground or on a plat, and
the description in the deed does not cover it, no
matter whether by accident or design, a court of
equity will hold the conveyance to be according
to the boundary shown, and so correct the deed.
In the acts of Governments there is no distinc-
tion between law and equity. The appeal to law,
as it regards a nation, is an appeal to the national
sense of justice, and an obligation much less
strong than that which would move a court of
equity in the case of an individual, ought to be
sufficient, especially in a case like this, to com-
mand the action of a just and generous nation.
But Congress not only intended to give a
boundary which included the mouth of the Miami
of the Lake, and its bay, but the people of Ohio,
in convention, asked and expected to receive it.
They believed the line included the Miami bay,
and a doubt was for the first time thrown upon
it by information received from a trapper who
returned from the shores of Lake Michigan while
the convention was in session, which caused the
insertion of the proviso in the seventh section of
the sixth article of the constitution. This con-
stitution was accepted by Congress without a
syllable, yea or nay, on the subject of the proviso.
It was accepted altogether, the proviso forming
a part of it. No objection was urged to it by
Congress, or by the committee of Congress which
reported on the constitution. And when we con-
sider that this proviso was fully and entirely in
accordance with the end and aim of the resolution
of Congress of the 7th of July, 1786, which asks
of Virginia a modification of her deed of cession,
with a view to regard natural boundaries, and
the commercial relations of the contemplated
States; that it accorded with the views of the
Legislature of Virginia, who changed their deed
of cession for that express and declared purpose.
That it accords with the views of the framers of
the ordinance of 1787, as appears by the map of
their day, showing theiropinion of the line which
should bound the contemplated States; that it
accords also with the opinion of the Congress
who passed the law under which Ohio formed
her constitution and State government; that this
proviso, the solemn act of that people met in
convention, declares that, as a part of their con-
stitution, they ask and claim of Congress that
boundary; and, finally, when it is considered that
the whole constitution was accepted without a
dissent to that proviso, I think a strong case of
equitable, if not legal right, is presented on the
part of Ohio for the definitive sanction of the
boundary which she claims; and that it is an
irresistible appeal to the sense of justice of the
nation. And I, for one, care not whether this act
be passed on the ground that Ohio is entitled to
the boundary claimed by law, by equity, or on
principles of political justice and expediency; but
sure I am that the people of,that State feel strongly
that the concession is due them, and that dissat-
isfaction will be general and deep if it be with-
held.
But it is said that the rights of Michigan are im-
plicated in the adjustment proposed by this bill,
and that it cannot pass without doing injustice
to that Territory; but for myself I can discover
nothing solid in this objection. I have already
shown that that Territory has no right to any
particular boundary, either by virtue of the ordi-
nance of 1787, or any of the acts of Congress. If
I have succeeded in establishing this, what is left
of her claim on those general principles of polit-
ical justice and expediency to which I have ap-
pealed in behalf of Ohio?
Michigan   is a temporary territorial govern-
ment, extending over about  one  hundred and
seventy-seven  thousand  square miles of terri-
tory, equal in extent to three of the largest States
in the Union.  It was called into existence by an
act of Congress; and so long as it continues a Ter-
ritory, it is subject to be changed and modified,
as to boundary and extent, at the pleasure of the
same power.   The inhabitants have their rights
as American citizens secured under the ordinance
of 1787,'and various acts of Congress; but they
have no territorial rights; and Michigan, as such,
has none against the will of Congress.     The
question of expediency only then occurs in be-
half of a State that is to be hereafter formed north
of Ohio and Indiana; and I ask, is it expedient
that that State should hold the mouth of the
Miami, which has its whole navigable course in
Ohio and Indiana, and control its entrance ? Those
two States are constructing a canal connecting
the Miami bay with the Wabash river; and that
grand work is now delayed, awaiting the decision
of this question.    I ask, is it expedient that a
¡ State, which you are to form hereafter north of
: these two States, should hold this outlet of the
vast region which is intersected by this canal?
That the new State should have delivered to her
the key, and be the sole keeper of the entrance
to the noble edifice erected by the industry and
¡ enterprise of her neighbors? It is not right. And
I the pride of those States must be wounded, and
their sense of justice outraged, by such a de-
termination.   But, again, what policy is there in
giving the new State, when it shall be created,
the jurisdiction over this disputed territory?   Is
the territory of that State without it likely to be
too small, or does it want for navigable commu-
nication ?   Neither.    One hundred and seventy-
seven thousand square miles—an extent equal to
the three largest States in the Union—must be
formed into no more than two States, and its
eastern  portion has  advantages  of. navigation
equaled by few States on the Atlantic sea-board.
¡     Then, with respect to those who belong to the
! unclaimed part of the Territory, who profess to
be contending for their rights, and who accuse
Ohio of ambition, and usurpation, and injustice:
what is their claim, and for what do they con-
tend ?   Not the right of self-government, or the
right to choose their own rulers, or the jurisdic-
tion to which they shall be attached—for nothing
of this is sought to be wrested from them: but
they claim to govern their neighbors, who deny
them allegiance.   Or, if not to govern them, they
wish to force into their fellowship and fraternity
those who turn from them with fear and aversion,
and who seek protection from Ohio, whom they
think more regardful of their feelings, and more
friendly to their interests.   Those who, in the
plenitude of their chivalry, wish to protect the
weak against the strong, would do well to think
of extending that protection over this people, who,
if attached to Michigan, will feel themselves de-
livered over to a kind of political bondage, and
into the hands of those whom they look upon as
their adversaries and rivals.
Something is surely due to the opinions and
feelings of these people of the disputed territory.
If joined to Michigan, they cannot and they will
not be content with their condition. They con-
tend against it now, like men who are struggling
for all that they hold dear and sacred, and against
whatever is deemed most calamitous. They think
(but I cannot answer for the correctness of their
opinion) that, instead of enjoying the privileges
of freemen; instead of being placed in the hands
of a fostering and paternal government, which
would watch over and protect their interests, and
aid in the improvement of their natural advant-
ages, and in the development of their resources__
they would be delivered  over to a bitter adver-
sary, and a determined and inveterate rival.
Mr. President, I ask in behalf of Ohio, and I
most earnestly ask, an early decision of this ques-
tion. It has been, for years past, the victim of
procrastination. For more than twenty years
has Ohio presented herself, year after year, at the
bar of Congress, as a petitioner for what she
deems her right—what this body, whenever it
has spoken has declared to be her's, either on
principles of justice or of national policy, but she
has been delayed, postponed, and the measure
for her redress lost in the other House, without
a hearing had or an opinion elicited. I trust
and hope that it now approaches a termination,
and that its result will be such as to satisfy the
public mind, and calm the dissatisfactions of our
people.
Letter to Hon. Samuel F. Vinton.
Dear Sir: Agreeably to your request, I have carefully
examined the map of Lake Erie, as laid down and marked
out by the commissioners to settle the boundary line under
the treaty of Ghent, and find the latitude of the most south-
ern point to be 41° 39/ 43", as nearly as I can ascertain by
the scale, but the measurement may possibly vary a second
or so from the truth.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant,
THOMAS P. JONES,
Office of archives, Dejartment of State.
Washington, January 14, 1835.
The following is a copy of the bill introduced
by Mr. Ewing:
A bill to settle and establish the northern boundary line of
the State of Ohio.
Be it enacted, <■<:., That the northern boundary of the
State of Ohio shall be established by, and extend to, a
direct line running from the southern extremity of Lake
Michigan to the most northerly cape of the Miami bay;
thence northeast to the northern boundary line of the
United States; thence with said line to the Pennsylvania
line.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the boundary
line surveyed, marked, and designated agreeably to "An
act to authorize the President of the United States to ascer-
tain and designate the northern boundary of the State of
Indiana," approved March the -second,, eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, shall be deemed and taken as the east
and west line mentioned in the constitution of the State of
Indiana, drawn through a point ten miles north of the
southern extreme of Lake Michigan, and shall be and
forever remain the northern boundary of said State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the northern
boundary line ascertained, surveyed, and marked agreeably
to a law of Congress, entitled " An act to ascertain and
mark the line between the State of Alabama and the Ter-
ritory of Florida, and the northern boundary of the State
of Illinois, and for other purposes," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, shall be deemed and
taken as the line west from the middle of Lake Michigan,
in north latitude forty-two degrees thirty minutes, to the
middle of the Mississippi river, as defined in the act of
Congress entitled " An act to enable the people of Illinois
Territory to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States," approved eighteenth of
April, eighteen hundred and eighteen, and shall be and
forever remain the northern boundary line of said State.
Passed the Senate January 7, 1835.
Attest:                 WALTER LOWRIE, Secretary.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORY.
REMARKS OF HON. A.  HUNTSMAN,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
April 18, 1836,
On the question of concurring with the Committee of the
Whole to strike out the following clause from the Gen-
eral Appropriation bill: " For the Documentary History
of the American Revolution, per act of 2d March, 1833,
$20,000."
Mr. HUNTSMAN rose and addressed the
House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: We are called upon to give a
▼ote in regard to an item of twenty thousand dol-
lars to pay Messrs. Clarke and Force for printing
and binding into books the Documentary History
of the Revolution. This is to be done by virtue
of a former act of Congress, by the operation of
