1836,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Documentary History—Mr. Huntsman.
Ho. of Reps.
which, it seems, the Treasury of the nation is to
suffer nearly to the amount of a half million of
dollars, and the common people of the country,
out of whose pockets the most of this money
comes, are not to be benefited one cent. This item
is the sum now demanded in addition to the sum
of twenty thousand dollars granted heretofore,
and enormous sums hereafter, which, by the im-
providence of the contract, we will be called upon
to rote in future times. I cannot return to my i
constituents, and render a just account to them ¡
of my actings and doings here, with the expect- i
ation of meeting their approbation, without en-
tering my most solemn protest against this un-
sound, unjust, and indiscreet appropriation. It
claims to be predicated upon a contract made by
the late Secretary of State, Mr. Livingston, under
an act of Congress, the stipulations of which were
that the Government was to pay for each copy
of the volumes the sum of thirteen dollars and
forty cents. There was no limitation to the num-
ber of volumes in the first instance; and the un-
dertakers could, if they were so disposed, con-
tinue and extend the publications until the volumes
would reach one hundred, and thereby draw one
or two millions of dollars out of the Treasury.
Such a construction can be put upon this con-
tract that every old newspaper, pamphlet, alma-
nac, advertisement, Tom Paine's writings, camp
songs, and other trash, if it even has the remotest
reference to the scenes of the Revolution, or any-
thing that was written during the war, can be
baptized by the name of revolutionary documents,
and be placed iir these volumes. Is it expected ,
by any person that this catchpenny contrivance is
to be depended upon, in after times, as a correct
history of the revolutionary transactions which
give immortality to our ancestry, and place us in
aland of equal laws and equal rights? Surely
no one has the credulity to hazard such a suppo-
sition !                                                                         i
But this is by far the least objectionable part of
this transaction. It appears by one portion of
the contract, that fifteen hundred copies of this
work are to be struck, and by a subsequent mod-
ification of the contract, it is limited to twenty
volumes; yet it is stipulated that the members of
Congress who passed the law were to have one
' copy of each volume of the Whole work for their
private use. I am desirous, sir, that it may be dis-
tinctly understood, that I do not cast any imputa-
tions upon the motives of the honorable members
of Congress who gave this vote, for I suppose
' them all to be honorable nun; yet it may be useful
to examine how this subject has worked in its
practical operation. There are two hundred and
eighty-eight members in Congress. Each mem-
ber of that Congress who passed this law is to
get one copy of these volumes; fifteen dollars or
thereabouts per volume, for twenty volumes, will
amount to three hundred dollars to each member.
This amount of three hundred dollars to each
member, multiplied by two hundred and eighty-
eight, amounts to the sum of eighty-six thousand
dollars to members of Congress alone. Subjects
similar to these were canvassed in my district;
the principle was disapproved of, ana .1 cannot
assent to them here. I take the liberty to pro-
test most solemnly against it in the name and on
behalf of my constituents.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] has been quite luminous in his dis-
play of ancient and modern lore in advocating
this appropriation. But, if I had any doubts re-
maining as to its impropriety; the gentleman has
entirely removed them, for he has not only con-
vinced me that my first impressions are right, but
has given us such information as "enables me to
see clearly how the Government has been so
grossly cheated in this contract. He informs us
that great prudence and economy was observed
in making the contract by the late Secretary of
State, (Mr. Livingston,) who is a man of very
superior political information, as well as an ac-
complished scholar, possessing the finest order
of literary attainments. This solves the riddle.
I have a most exalted opinion of the talents, the
integrity, and the pure and undented republican-
ism of the gentleman spoken of. It stood by him
in the times that tried men's souls; he was one of
the forlorn hope in *98, that laid bare his arm
against aristocracy; and the god of political bat-
tles enabled him, with his small band, to prevail.
They planted the standard of republicanism upon
the ramparts of the Constitution, where, I hope,
it will wave triumphantly forever. , But, sir, if I
were about to engage in a contract in any of the
business concerns of this life, those gentlemen of
vast literary attainments, who know every thing in
the books, and Rule or nothing out of them, who can
take you by a luminous path through the whole
circle of sciences, but who will lead you into a
quagmire as soon as the purchase of a pig or a
lamb is the subject of action, are the last men in
all Christendom that I should select to make a
contract for me. If you employ one of them to
trade a horse a common countryman will cheat
him out of one half the value of the animal. If
you employ them to contract for the publication
of a few books, they will get cheated out of one
half million of dollars, a  the Secretary was in this
instance by the original contract. If you employ
them to negotiate about a boundary line, they
will get cheated out of a tract of country as large
as all Texas, as was done by the Florida treaty in
1819. This serves to convince us at once, that
they cannot descend from their high literary cog-
itations, and mix with us mortals in the common
spheres of life to a sufficient extent to understand
anything about contracts.
There are many people in this world who have
all sorts of sense but common sense, which is much
the most useful to nine tenths of the human
.family. Those person* who have no opportu-
nities to acquire more than a common education,
who acquire their worldly substance by the toil
of their hands and the sweat of their brows—al-
though they may not have been raised at the feet
of Gamaliel, nor descended from parents who
rolled in wealth and. splendor; who fared sumptu-
ously every day; who could pass their children
through the schools, academies, and colleges, and
finish with a diploma marked with the insignia
orinitialsof Bachelor of Arts, Doctor of Divinity,
&c, inscribed with such flourishes'as to suffocate
a common countryman in any attempt to pro-
nounce them—yet, sir, these men know the value
of the property they have acquired by their labor
most accurately, and are at all times Teady to
place a proper estimate upon the value of prop-
erty or the value of labor. Notwithstanding they
might not be enabled to spell the word Congress
without beginning with a K, they have a fund
of common sense, acquired by the study of men
and things, added to a close observance of the
ordinary transactions of life, which never can be
found in the books, nor yet in seminaries of edu-
cation. These are the people to make prudent
contracts for you. The Government, in this con-
tract, made through the medium of the literati,
has been vastly overreached. Yes, sir, a con-
tract has been fastened down upon us, by which
near half a million of dollars is now claimed for
these books, although not one of them has issued
from the press. One gentleman, who was a mem-
ber of Congress at the passage of this law, has
sold his interest in it for ten dollars, when, at the
same time, it will cost the Government about
three hundred to print and publish it, or, in other
words, to pay the contractors for doing it. This
is a description of economy which 1 hope the
Lord will deliver us from shortly.
It was said in argument by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] (I always listen to
that gentleman with pleasure,) that notwithstand-
ing the wording of the contract might seem to
limit the contractors to the documentary history
of the Revolution, yet they might fairly incorpo-
rate matter going far antecedent to the time, by
way of collecting materials, tracing the causes
and effects which led to the Revolution; that
Chief Justice Marshall, in writing the life of
Washington, wrote a whole volume which was
entirely introductory to the main history of one
man only; and that the publishers,in this instance,
might write many volumes where a host of
heroes were concerned, and in arranging the many
incidents and transactions which happened ante-
cedent to and led to the Revolution. If this doc-
trine be correct, the history might commence at
Magna Charta, when the sturdy Englishmen
took the sword in one hand and their honor in
the other, and effected a revolution which gained
strength from time to time by the revolution of
1688, by the protection of rights, and in many
other instances; but was never finally consum-
mated until the glorious achievement of Ameri-
can independence. Such a course as this might
enable the publishers to swell the work to five
hundred volumes instead of twenty, and by this
process bankrupt the Treasury.
It has been strongly insisted by the gentle-
men from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] Rhode
Island, [Mr. Pearce,] and Georgia, [Mr. Glass-
cock,] that this contract cannot be rescinded—
that, like the laws of the Medes and Persians, it
altereth not; that it would be a stain upon the
honor of the Government to rescind it. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts alleges that in this
case, if it were five millions, he would not hesi-
tate to fulfill the contract any more than if it were
for five dollars; that one of the gentlemen to whom
this contract was given was long the Clerk of this
House, was the Clerk at the time, and that he is
advantageously known as a gentleman. Be it so;
I know nothing of the gentleman; I have never
seen him to my knowledge, and, consequently,
have neither partialities for nor prejudices against
him; but this much I do know, from some little
experience I have had in legislative bodies, that
sometimes these Clerks become very popular
among the members; they pass to and fro among
them, and render many little services. Some-
times, in a convenient ante-room, there may be
some eool,u>holesome water to drink, and the mem-
bers are invited in. The conclusion is that this
Clerk is a very clever fellow; and by these and
other little attentions the Clerk gets the contract,
the members the books, and Uncle Sam   taxed
with the costs; so ends the farce ! I do not know
that any such things happened here; for, as An-
tony said, I suppose they were all honorable
men. I therefore will vote to rescind this con-
tract.
I am told that the materials for the first and
second volumes of the book are collected, digested,
and arranged. 1 am perfectly willing to pay for
them and stop. If the undertakers shall suffer
any damages by the reason of the contract being
rescinded, I am willing to vote them a liberal
compensation for the time, trouble, and expense
they havespent orincurred. This,between nation
and nation, individual and individual, is the Uno
all over the world. A man may refuse to complete
his contract, and conclude to pay the damages
incident thereupon. It is frequent in all nations.
I will call one instance to the recollection of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, which perhaps
may change his opinion in regard to any dis-
honor being attached to the Government, if this
contract is suspended in its further progress. If
I remember rightly, the treaty made with France
during the American Revolution, bound this Gov-
ernment in an offensive and defensive treaty with
France, to defend that Government with men,
money, &c, against all the enemies of France.
Afterwards,in General Washington's time, when
John Adams was a member of the Government,
France called upon this Government to fulfill
her contracts, and aid her in the war she then
waged—the most solemn of any contract that could
be entered into by mankind, and by which our
independence was secured, existed in this treaty.
Did General Washington and his Cabinet think
it was dishonorable to decline fulfilling it ? France
complained as loudly then as the gentleman from
Massachusetts does now about a breach of faith,
of dishonor, and what not; but General Wash-
ington, John Adams, and the great men of those
times, who were associated in the Cabinet, abso-
lutely refused to fulfill the treaty; and if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts considers that this
was dishonorable, I hope it will not be put in this
book that is about to be pressed upon us and the
world in the present case.
But I am told by the honorable members of this
House, that these undertakers represented that
the work could be done for one fourth of what is
now demanded. If so, there was a fraudulent
representation by them, for which the contract
ou ht to be set aside; and by paying them a rea-
sonable remuneration for damage or loss, there
is neither dishonor nor injustice.   Two or three
