1836.]
A^PPfefrelX TO TfíE COftGRÉSSlbNAL GtiOtíE.
881
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Documentary History of the Revolution—Mr. S7nith.
Ho. of Heps.
tempted is now represented by construction to
be.
There is another view of this subject which
occurs to me, to disprove entirely the position
that the honor of the nation, or that this Congress,
is in equity bound to fulfill the enormous expendi-
ture of half a million of dollars for books now
pressed upon us. I appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to say, (and he perhaps has as '
deep an interest, all things considered, in having
as perfect a work as possible,) if we must have
any work of the high character he has described
as desirable. I will appeal also to every gentle-
man having a seat upon this floor, whether they
believe that the Congress of the United States, if
at any time it should intend to attempt a his-
torical compilation so extensive and magnificent
as that now represented to be embraced by this
contract, would have passed by the long catalogue
of great and splendid names engraven upon your
nation's annals, and upon the pages of your
national literature,and fallen upon Messrs. Clarke
and Force as the suitable persons to engage in
the great undertaking? Is it reasonable? Is it
credible ? I intend to say nothing disrespectful
of those gentlemen as men-, I speak of their qual-
ifications in reference to such a work as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has described. Are
they qualified for it? Sir, that gentleman will not
say it. And this consideration, of itself, demon-
strates that it could not be that the Congress of
1833 had in view any such work, or any such
contract as the one now attempted to be imposed
upon us.
There is another consideration which charac-
terizes this contract, and has not yet been alluded
to—a consideration which may well operate as a
release of Congress from proceeding further into
the contract. Mr. Livingston was imposed upon,
in my humble judgment, in the price to which he
was induced to assent to for the proposed work.
By the terms of the act of 1833 the rate of ex-
pense was not to exceed the actual cost per vol-
ume of the Diplomatic Correspondence which
had been, or was being printed.   The contract
reads: "And whereas it has been ascertained,
' by the report of the agent in the Department of
«State, that the edition of the Diplomatic Corre-
'spondence now printing will cost two dollars
' and twenty cents per volume, without any index
■thereto;" also that the average cost with an
index thereto would be two dollars thirty-one and
a half cents per volume, " which would amount
to the cost of four mills and one fourth of a mill
per pag? of said edition."   It is to be remarked
that " the report of the agent in the Department
of State" here alluded to, and by which Mr.
Livingston was made to believe that " the actual
cost" of the Diplomatic Correspondence was two
dollars thirty-one and a half cents per volume, is
nowhere to be found among the papers connected
with the contract; and if so, it has entirely es-
caped my investigation.    Who this agent was
does not appear.   I, however, undertake to say
that in this report Mr. Livingston was egre-
giously imposed upon  or the agent who made it
must have been imposed upon.  Refer the details
of that report, whatever they may have been, to
any number of impartial practical printers inthe
United States out of this city, with inquiries into
the accuracy of its conclusion, and I verily believe
that nine in every ten of them will tell you that
the same work can be executed, and the very best
security can be had in* contract for the execu-
tion of it, at less than two thirds, if not one half,
of the price thus reported.    Refer the subject to
a jury of practical printers in this city, or to a
committee of any number—to those who have no
interest in the matter—to honest and impartial
men, and they will tell you, I have no doubt,
that " the actual cost " of the Diplomatic Corre-
spondence is not two thirds of the sum which
Mr. Livingston was made to believe.   It may be
true that the cost of the work, if executed in this
city, might necessarily be greater than at Phila-
delphia, New York, or Boston; but the memo-
rialists were not required to have the work exe-
cuted A<re, but wherever it could be executed
upon the most reasonable terms.    Yet, executed
where it may be, it is not in the nature of things
for such a work at this day to cost such a sum as
is now attempted, under this contract, to be fast-
ened upon the Government. In this particular,
therefore, if I am not entirely mistaken—and I
admit this is matter of judgment entirely—the
contract was not made in good faith, and is not
binding upon the Government in honor nor in
equity.
Sir, there are other views which will justify
us in halting where we are in this matter. The
terms of the contract are yet incomplete. Con-
gress is not bound to adopt, in the particulars
notyet agreed upon, the terms which the memo-
rialists may dictate or prescribe. I ask gentle-
men to tell me where, in the act of the 3d of
March, 1833, the number of copies of the pro-
posed history to be taken by Congress is speci-
fied ? It is not there at all. But, in the contract
of Mr. Livingston, it is true, the number of fif-
teen hundred is assumed. But even this is not
the most essential point. Let any gentleman
answer—where is there any agreement between
Congress and the memorialists as to the number
of volumes which each copy of the work is to con-
sist of? There is no such agreement yet com-
pleted. In this most important particular the
agreement is yet incomplete, and remains to be
consummated before Clark and Force are author-
ized to proceed a step further under the partial
contract, or the contract relating to other parts
of the work, which has been made. Messrs.
Clark and Force have proposed, as reported by
Mr. Forsyth two years since, to limit them-
selves to twenty volumes per copy, "leaving
Congress afterwards to determine whether, if
any papers should remain,.the work should be
further extended." Any person can feadily un-
derstand what this condition means. It is true
that in a letter of subsequent date from Clark and
Force, which has been read by the Clerk, the
proposition is now made by them to limit the fif-
teen hundred copies to twenty volumes each un-
conditionally. All this is admission that this
important part of the contract is open to dis-
agreement between the parties; and, until it shall
have been concluded, the parts agreed upon be-
come nugatory. Sir, I am in favor of stopping
all appropriations for the work until this, por-
tion of the detail in the contract has been dom-
pletely settled, either under the resolution refer-
red to by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to which I have before adverted, or in some other
way.
But, sir, there is another and most essential
point in this contract which is yet open and
incomplete. It is as important, in fact, as either
the number of copies you are to take of the pro-
posed work, or the number of volumes of which
each copy is to consist. I now allude to the num-
ber of pages, or magnitude of each volume. The
pages of each volume, the size heing folio, may
be eight hundred, twelve hundred, or two thou-
sand, without a disregard of proportions, just as
these contractors may determine, if Congress be
actually bound upon this point; and consequently
the work may vary from half a million of dollars
expense to that of a million of dollars, and even
more widely. And is it to be contended that we
are to stop all further inquiry, or modification of
the enterprise, and be told that the nation *s honor
is violated because we do not assent to make
appropriations to carry out such a construction
of this contract? Sir, I maintain that upon this
point Congress has a right to stop, and refuse all
further appropriation, until a definite agreement
and understanding has been made between the
parties respecting it. It is a point open to differ-
ence of opinion. It is a most essential point
involved by this contract, and until this difference
shall have been adjusted, the Contract is inebm-
plete, and neither party is but partially bound.
And the fault of this, sir, lies as much with the
memorialists as with Congress. They induced
Congress into this position, and placed themselves
there voluntarily, and it is not for them, nor for
any one else, to accuse the nation of meanness or
dishonor, if there be a refusal on the part of
Congress to come up now to Messrs. Clarke and
Force's particular and favorite terms respecting
it.
It has been told us that the memorialist* have
progressed in their work, and cannot stop with-
out great loss. They say in a letter that has been
read by the Clerk, that they hive been at great
expense in collecting materials from the State!of
Georgia, from New Hampshire, and I believe
they mention a third State, and then add elsewhere.
Now, sir, it is known to be the first dictate of
policy, when a person is desirous of magnifying
any class of his labors, to select for specification
those portions which will tell most for his pur-
pose. I know not what have been the expenses
of these gentlemen in the State of Georgia, or in
the third State which I believe was mentioned;
but I have been informed that in the State of New
Hampshire the aggregate of their expense does
not exceed one thousand five hundred dollars*
and if so, taking all of the old States from whose
archives it may be necessary to draw materials,
the amount already expended cannot be so enor-
mously large as to require Congress to appropriate
another twenty thousand dollars upon the sum of
twenty thousand dollars heretofore appropriated,
for the purpose of indemnifying them prior to the
investigation of the matter now resting with the
Committee of Ways and Means, shall have taken
place.
Mr. Speaker, from the views I have thus taken
of the subject—from the facts contained in the
papers connected with Clarke and Force's ori-
ginal memorial, if there be any weight in them,I
am persuaded that the appropriation now con-
tained in the bill for this Documentary History
should be stricken out. We are justified in put-
ting a stop to the alleged contract; first, because
it is made to assume a shape and magnitude now
which, was not, and could not have been contem-
plated by the act of 1833 on the part of Congress,
if it-were on the part of the memorialists; and
because the contract, thus magnified, is an impo-
sition upon Congress; and next, because the price
of the work imposed upon Mr. Livingston, orupon
the agent of the State Department, is an imposition
upon Congress. It cannot have been ascertained in
good faith to be the actual cost of a work like the
Diplomatic Correspondence. I admit this is a
matter of judgment on my part, and I may be
mistaken-,-yet I do not believe it. It should be
investigated before this additional appropriation
is made. We may justly stop where we are in
ourappropriations, because the terms of xhe agree-
ment between Congress and Clarke ¡and Force,
are yet incomplete; the agreement is yet unfin-
ished in its details, and in its more important
details, about which a wide difference may be
entertained by the two parties. Both the number
of volumes of which each copy is to consist, and
the number of pages or magnitude of those vol-
umes, are yet to be agreed upon. Nor is it for
these memorialists to complain if we stop at either
of these points. They induced Congress into a
false position. If they did not do it designedly,
if they did not mean to impose upon Congress a
contract that was fraudulent on their own part,
(and Ido not assert it-was so,) they lit least know-
ingly permitted Congress to pass the act of 1833,
upon their own application, without coming to a
definite understanding upon the subject of it, or
suspecting the magnitude now attributed to it.
If there be trouble brought upon then), therefore,
they have been mainly instrumental in inducing
it. It is their fault. But, sir, I am not opposed
to treating them fairly. I am in favor of the course
in which the Committee of Ways and Means have
been instructed upon the subject. 1 would not
do them injustice in any course. I would redeem
their loss, if the conclusion be to sfop the publi-
cation entirely, and indemnify them even to the
extreme of generosity, although they have induced
the difficulty upon themselves. But, sir, until
investigation is had, and until a new understand-
ing is entered into, respecting the open and un-
settled and disputed parts of the contract, I am
opposed to appropriating one additional doUar
for the execution of the work, and hope that
the appropriation will be stricken out of the
bill.
* Mr. Smith Ins been sm<^nfornréd,ttar althtragh the
actual payment  for materials m New Hampshire have been
less than the sum «tated, the labilities incurred therefor are
about two thousand dollars. But probably less of the doc-
umentary history of that State thar of any other of the
original States has been heretofore puMisbed,-«nd conse-
quently copies from there will be more eitensive than from
almost any other sute.
