282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration Party—Mr. Boon.
Ho. of Reps.
DEFENSE OF THE ADMINISTRATION PARTY.
REMARKS OF HON. R. BOON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 19, 1836,
In reply to some remarks which had been made by Mr.
Whittlesey, of Ohio, on the General Appropriation
bill, while under discussion on the 19th of April, 1836.
Mr. BOON said that he had not risen to make
a speech, but merely to say that it had become an
every day practice with certain gentlemen of a
certain political party opposed to the present Ad-
ministration, to rise in their places on this floor,
and charge this Administration and its friends
with acts of fraud and corruption in the broadest
rjossible terms. The Opposition, in politics, (said
Mr. B.,) have charged this Administration with
fraud and villany, and the friends of the Admin-
istration have been charged with having mani-
fested a disposition to stifle debate on this floor,
and an inquiry into the abuses which have been
charged upon this Administration by the party in
politics opposed to it. We have been told too,
by the same party, that this Administration and
its friends have given pledge  which they do not
intend to comply with. Mr. B. said, that for
himself, no pledge whatever had been given, that
he would not comply with to the very letter. He
said that he was in favor of a thorough investi-
gation into the affairs of the Government; but he
would not, (he said,) ever consent to, or permit
the Opposition, in politics, to dictate a course for
him to pursue in any matter whatever.
Mr. B. continued by saying that we have heard
much from the Opposition about promised "re-
trenchment and reform" under the present Ad-
ministration, and have had thrown in our faces,
by a set of political demagogues on this floor, the
Btale charge of fraud and corruption having been
practiced under this Administration. Sir, I repel
the foul charge with indignation, and throw back
the slander upon those who have thought fit to
utter those false charges against this Administra-
tion and its friends. Mr. B. here said that he
would just mention a single case of fraud and
corruption by an officer of the Government under
the late Administration, as a full offset against all
"the false charges which have been made by the
friends of that Administration now in power. I
allude (said Mr. B.) to the defalcation of Tobias
Watkins. Where, I ask, were those Treasury
dogs and.friends of the late Administration, and
now fault-finding gentry, when those enormous
frauds upon the Treasury were committed by
Tobias Watkins? Were those gentlemen, who
are now in the daily habit of charging this Ad-
ministration with acts of frauds and corruption,
as vigilant in searching out and exposing to
public view the frauds and corruptions which
occurred under the Administration which imme-
diately preceded the present Administration ? No,
Mr. Speaker; these very same fault-finding gen-
tlemen were then as silent as the grave on the
subject of fraud and corruption! And it was not
until the present Administration came into power,
that the fraud committed by Tobias Watkins
was ferreted out and exposed to public view by
the vigilance and watchfulness of Amos Kendall.
The party opposed to the present Administration
are in the daily habit of making charges, but they
have proven nothing, whilst the frauds committed
byTobias Watkins under the late Administration
have been proven in a court of justice, and the
confines of a public jail have been, in part, his
reward. I hope that, with these facts and cir-
cumstances staring the Opposition in the face, we
shall hear no more about alleged frauds and cor-
ruptions under the present Administration. Mr.
Speaker, I will not detain the House longer by
any additional remarks.
INCENDIARY PUBLICATIONS.
SPEECH  OF  HON. T.  MORRIS,
OF OHIO,
In the Senate, April 13,1836,
On the bill to prohibit the circulation of Incendiary Publi-
cations through the Mails.
Mr. MORRIS said:
Mr. President: I understood the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Niles] to say, in the course of i
his remarks, that if the amendment he offered ,
should be adopted by the Senate, still he could
not, consistent with his views on the subject, vote
for the final passage of the bill. If such are his
suggestions, I regret that he has offered the
amendment; for I think it but just that he should
leave the bill in the hands of its friends, who ap-
prove its principles, and permit them to make it
as perfect as possible, according to their judg-
ment, before they present it to us for our final
vote on the question of its passage. Opposed
myself both to the bill and the amendment upon
the broad principle that its passage would be an
abuse of the legitimate power of Congress, its
details are, to my mind, of but little importance;
for I cannot possibly see any shape in which the
principle contained both in the amendment and
the bill could be presented to my understanding
that would induce me to vote for it; yet I hold it
to be fair and correct legislation, especially in so
important a matter as this, that the friends of the
bill should, in its progress, have the entire man-
agement; and on my part I should be glad that
no obstacle was thrown in their way; and I beg
leave to suggest to my honorable friend from
Connecticut to wi'hdraw his amendment, and
permit the bill to travel on to its final passage
under the guidance of those who introduced it.
Sir, I have said that I was opposed to the bill;
it contemplates the exercise of a new power or
powers, in a new form, over the Post Office and
mails of the United States; and if the power con-
templated be not unconstitutional, it is, to my
mind, a most dangerous abuse. " Congress shall
have power to establish post offices and post
roads." Those words, as used in the Constitu-
tion, have an evident reference to an existing
state of things, and the use for which post offices
and post roads was intended—for the purpose of
a free intercommunication of thoughts and opin-
ions between the citizens of different parts of the
country; and was deemed of so much import-
ance, that the power to provide for its safety was
vested in Congress; and the words " to estab-
lish" were used to denote that Congress had the
power to fix, unalterably and immovably, be-
yond the interference of any State power, the ,
entire operations of the Post Office, and the travel
of the mail throughout every part of our extended
Republic. The Post Office establishment was
not intended as an attribute of the power of Gov-
ernment, but as a means by which that power
should be exercised for the benefitof the citizens
individually, by providing a channel of free and '
full communication between them, though re- |
siding in different sections of the country; and ,
that their letters, papers, or pamphlets, should
pass without any hindrance or molestation from
State authority. This principle has never been
considered as a proper charge on the revenue of
the country; but Congress have provided that it
shall be supported and paid for by those who use
it—Congress being vested with its management,
and guarantying its safety and fidelity. The use
of the mail, then, is in the nature of a reserved
right, with which no law ought to interfere. It
is not, then, a Government machine exclusively,
which Congress can withdraw at pleasure, or
render nugatory by the acts of its officers; but
Congress have the power to regulate the ex-
penses of the Department, and fix its income, so
that the Government shall at no time be subject
to, or chargeable with, any expense of the estab-
lishment; and the postage has, from time to time,
been regulated accordingly.
It is true that the mail is a great convenience,
and probably a necessary appendage to the Gov-
ernment; but I consider this not to be the first
and most important object; it is second to the
safety of intercommunication between the citi-
zens of this extensive Republic. Though this
was the primary object, yet Congress has, in the
regulation of the mail, levied a tax on those who
make use of this privilege to the full extent of all
the purposes of Government, by the exercise of
the franking privilege. I somewhat question the
correctness of this franking power while the Gov-
ernment contributes nothing towards the support
of the Post Office establishment, because it is in
the nature of a direct tax in the rates of postage !
which is levied upon those only who use the I
mail, while all such taxes ought to be apportioned
among the States according to their respective
numbers. But, sir, it is not necessary for the
purpose I have in view to examine tins point.
That Congress have power to regulate the mail,
and prescribe what shall be carried therein, I do
not deny; but I insist that this power is confined
to the material, not the moral, matter to be con-
veyed. Congress can prescribe the weight, the
bulk, and the kind of material which shall not
be conveyed by mail, but the material must be
judged by its outward appearance alone, and not
by breaking any envelope or seal for the purpose
of ascertaining this fact; for instance, no post-
master would be bound to put into the mail a
piece of sheet iron or tin of the shape or size of
a common letter, even on the payment of postage
according to established rates; and why not?
Because it is the usual means of conveying men-
tal property only, and because its very texture
would tend to the destruction of papers and doc-
uments which the mail was designed to convey,
and which is its legitimate business. Butifeven
an article of the above kind was carefully folded
in the usual paper envelope, sealed, directed,
and put into the post office, it would be a dan-
gerous exercise of power indeed to permit a dep-
uty postmaster to refuse its conveyance in the
mail because he should judge it contained im-
proper matter.
But, sir, I would say to the Senator from Con-
necticut, that this amendment affords no redeem-
ing quality to the dangerous principles of this
bill by confining its operation to postmasters in
the slaveholding States. Can we, can Congress,
take from any citizen in such State any personal
right or privilege, or regulate, under any circum-
stances, the manner of this engagement? I should
think not. Suppose a letter, package, or even a
pictorial represantation, folded and directed in
the usual manner, and put into any post office in
the United States: I would ask the gentleman
whose property that letter or pamphlet is ? Does
it remain the property of him who deposited it?
I think not. And though postmasters might, as
a mere act of courtesy, permit the depositor to
take it back from the mail, yet he would not be
bound to do so, because it is his sworn duty to
forward all packages which, in their common
outward appearance, are such as are commonly
sent by the mail. In a letter or package, when
left in a post office, the property of the United
States or Post Office Department? Surely not;
no one will contend for this-. It is, then, the
property of the person to whom it is directed,
and the United States have given a solemn con-
stitutional pledge that they will convey it to him,
without permitting its contents to be inspected,
or suffering it in  any degree or manner to be
1 detained or injured beyond what must necessarily
, take place in its passage.
Sir, what would be thought of the honor, or
even honesty of an individual who would receive
a letter or printed document, under a general or
special promise that he would deliver it safely to
the person to whom it was directed, and should
afterwards retain or destroy it, because he should
be of the opinion it contained offensive matter?
Every honorable mind can furnish a ready an-
swer. And what, sir, shall Le thought of the
honor of this Government, which, after having
declared that " the right of the people to be se-
cure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects,
against unreasonable searches and seizures,
should not be violated," and that no State shall
pass any law impairing the obligation of con-
tracts; who, after having received into its pos-
session, for the purpose of carriage and safe
delivery, the papers and property of one of its
citizens, (for printed publications and letters are
property, as well as papers,) suffer this property
to be seized and detained, by the most unreason-
able of all means—that of the belief of a post-
master that it contained something touching the
subject of slavery? or permit the States, by any
law or regulation therein, to violate, or rather
impair the obligation of the contract on the part
of the United States for the delivery; as well as
that existing between the person who sent, and
him who has paid for the publication or docu-
ment, and for its transportation? Sir, the very
thought that this Government is, or ever will be,
