1836,]                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSfONAit GLOBE.                                      283
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
disposed to listen to a regulation of this kind, j
must, in my humble judgment, meet with the
most decided disapprobation of the great majority
of the American people. We, sir, frequently
lose sight of our argument, by attempting to ex-
tend it too much into generalities; the mind, by
attempting to embrace too many ideas, is apt to
become confused. I will, then, make a single
case for an illustration of the subject; and I will
take one as strong as the honorable Senator from
South Carolina could desire. Suppose I and a
citizen of the gentleman's own State should see
proper to subscribe and pay for a New York
abolition paper, or the proceedings of an aboli-
tion society. These tracts, by the laws of New
York, are legitimate property, and he would vio-
late no law, either human or Divine, in making
such purchase. The United States has an estab-
lishment, the Post Office, by which the Govern-
ment has given a general notice that all property
of this kind shall be conveyed for a given price;
he pays that price, and his property thus pur-
chased, is sent to the post office in New York for
that purpose; and, according to the gentleman's
theory, this property is to be seized by an officer
of this Government, without warrant, detained
on mere suspicion, or with a knowledge of its
contents, I care not which, and without the knowl-
edge of the person to whom it belongs, and finally
destroyed; and that too, in the very face of these
sacred pledges given in the Constitution for the
inviolability of its contracts, and the security of
papers thus sent. I should tremble for the lib-
erties of roy country could I suppose, for a mo-
ment, that Congress would adopt a principle of
this kind; the very suggestion, coming from the
quarter it does, is sufficient to give alarm.
But, sir, permit me to turn the tables on the
gentleman.   He, toe, has had within his State a
proceeding which caused much excitement both
• within and without the Stats; I mean the attempt
to nullify acts of Congress on the subject of the
tariff.   I assure the gentleman I do not mention
this with any unkind feelings whatever.   -if, in
that excitement, societies had been formed, and
. publications made in the State, for instance, in
which I reside, in «id of the doctrines contended
for by the gentleman and his friends in South
Carolina, I ask the gentleman what he would
have thought and said if an act of Congress had
. been passed to prevent the proceedings of those
societies, and such publications in newspapers,
from being sent by the mail to any citizen of
South Carolina?   Sir, I have no doubt he would
have condemned the Government in the strongest
and moat emphatic manner, for the bare attempt
thus to embargo public opinion; but we are now
called on, in the most impressive manner, to
sustain a like measure, by the provisions of the
bill now before us—a bill new in 'its character,
, unthought of by any former Congress, and, in
my opinion, well  calculated  to produce more ,
excess and wide-spread discontent throughout
the country than any measure that has been sub-
mitted to the consideration of this body since the
existence of the Government.   And pray upon
what ground is this extraordinary call made upon
our judgment, addressed to our feelings, and, I
had almost said, in despite of our patience?   It
is upon the ground that the General Government
is bound to respect the laws of the States, to aid
in their execution, and to permit its own officers,
in the discharge of their duties, as required by
acts of Congress, to be subject to the control of
State laws, and liable to punishment for the per-
formance of those very duties. And it is further
insisted that slavery is a domestic or State regu-
lation; that the property of the master in his slave
is guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States; and that it is the duty of Congress to
provide by law, in obedience to the wishes of
the slavebolding States, or any one of them, that
no pamphlet, newspaper, handbill, or other paper,
printed or written, or pictorial representation,
touching the subject of slavery, shall be sent into
any State, Territory, or district, whereby the
laws of such State, Territory, or district, their
circulation is prohibited. Sir, the whole doctrine
is founded in error; that fatal error which would
subject the laws of Congress to the different
- policy of twenty-four States, and thus entirely
destroy the usefulness and benefits which this
Government was intended, and is calculated, to
administer.
In support of this strange, wild, and visionary
doctrine, we—the free States I mean—are called
on to put the gag into the mouths of our citizens
—to declare that they have no right to talk—to
preach or to pray on the subject of slavery; that
we must put down societies who meet for -such
purposes; that we shall not be permitted to send
abroad our thoughts or our opinions upon the
abstract question of slavery; that the very liberty
of thought, of speech, and of the press, shall be
so embarrassed as to be, in many instances, de-
nied us; and if not entirely prohibited, rendered,
in a great degree, useless. All this is required
to be done by an act of this Government, out of
respect to laws of one or more, of the slavehold-
ing States. Sir, I deny the whole argument, and
all its inferences, with but one single exception,
and it is that which declares that slavery is a
domestic or State regulation. While I freely' ad-
mit this as my opinion, as my vote on the admis-
sion of Arkansas into the Union will prove, and
although I may view slavery both as a moral and
political evil, yet while we assure our brethren of
the South and slavebolding States, in the spirit
of truth and candor, that we have no power to
interfere with their domestic regulations, and
that our sense of the moral wrong cannot cause
us pain for a breach of our political duties im-
posed on us by our own consent, with a full
knowledge of their condition; and that, under
our social compact, we would be bound to aid
them in the suppression of any insurrection,
whether servile or free, that should become too
powerful for their own laws; if, after all these
assurances made by us—and I repeat it with the
utmost candor—I think.it unkind, if not unjust
towards us, that gentlemen should not be satis-
fied, but still require of us another condition—
that we should acknowledge that slavery is guar-
antied by the Constitution of the United States;
and though I have heard that doctrine often re-
peated, I have heard no express denial—a denial
which I now venture to make in this Senate, and
before the American people; and on behalf of the
State I, is part, represent here, as well as myself,
I enter my most solemn protest against it. This
is the important point in this vthole controversy;
and on it I wish so to express myself, not only
that I may be understood, but that it may be, as
far as I am able to make it, impossible to mis-
understand me,
I deny that the right of property is guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States, or that
the right of the master to his slave as property,
is founded on, or arises from, that instrument.
Property in slaves, as well as other things, is a
mere .creature of law, and in this country is en-
tirely the creature of State laws. The words
llave or slavery, is not to be found in the Consti-
tution of the United States; and bya bare perusal
of that instrument, without a knowledge of the
past, no one would suppose that slavery existed
in any form in this Republic. Yet I am willing
to admit, that the Constitution was formed with
a knowledge existing in its framers, that slavery
did in fact exist in the different States; yet the
slave is treated as a person, not a thing; and as
a person, not as property, is represented in Con-
gress. Hence provision is made in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that no person who is
held to service or labor in one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in con-
sequence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
charged from service or labor, but shall be deliv-
ered up on the claim of the party to whom such
service or labor is due. This provision of the
Constitution of the United States only recognizes
the existence of a person held to service or labor,
under the laws of a State, and in its application
would as well be understood to mean a white as
a colored person, and one held to labor for a term
of years, as well as a slave for life; and I cannot
consent that this provision disproves the position
I assume, that the Constitution of the United
States does not guaranty the right of property
in slaves; yet I have heard this so often and so
earnestly asserted, that I begin to feel some con-
cern , that, should this doctrine remain much longer
without being contradioted, it might become the
settled doctrine of the country, and produce the
most mischievous consequences to the non-slave-
holding States; for if it be true, and can be main-
! tained, the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina or any other gentleman, may bring his hun-
dreds or thousands of slaves into the State of
Ohio, cause them to labor there as long as shall
suit his convenience, and withdraw them at pleas-
ure, and no law or regulation of my State, no,
not even the constitutional prohibition against
slavery, could reach his case, or afford us any
security against this innovation, for the Consti-
tution of the United States, and the laws of Con-
gress made in pursuance thereof, shall be, Or is,
the supreme law of the land, and the judges in
every State are bound thereby; anything in the
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding.
It seems to me that the free States have a thou-
sand times more just cause for fear and alarm,
while gentlemen so strongly assert their consti-
tutional right to their slaves, that they will at-
tempt to introduce slavery into the free States,
than the slavebolding States have that we shall
attempt to interfere in any manner with the ques-
tion of slavery as settled by the laws of their own
States. They are attempting to overwhelm us
by the power of this Government, while we deny
the right of Congress or the Legislature of any
State to interfere with the internal regulations or
police of another State; but while we deny this
[ power of legal action, we contend that no institu-
■ tion of any State, or of this Government, can or
ought to be exempt from the moral power of
public opinion—that power by which the whole
| fabric of our institutions ought to live, move, and
have its being.
| If the argument as to the constitutional ques-
tion of the right of property in persons be sacred
and inviolable, it is certainly much stronger and
more forcible when applied to property in things;
! and although a State might by penal enactments
endeavor to prevent any person from bringing
into its jurisdiction, for use or for sale, playing-
cards, or gambling machines of any description,
yet as these articles might be considered prop-
erty, and the right of the owner secured under
the Constitution of the United States, such penal
enactments would be vain,and useless attempts.
A state of things of this kind would be most de-
plorable indeed, and, one to which, I think,, the
people of the United States would not long and
tamely submit. Yet if these things were manu-
factured in a sister State, held and recognized as
valuable property there, our condition would be
far.worse. Should Congress, by the exercise of
its power, attempt to prevent us from speaking,
writing, printing, publishing, and forming socie-
ties for the exercise of all our moral power in
order to induce the people of our sister States to
refrain from such practices, and of sending by
mail all such proceedings, in order to induce them
to abandon their pursuits, by proving that they
were both moral and political evils? Yet such is
the doctrine of the bill now before us, a plain
exposition of which is its best refutation.
There has been another topic constantly con-
nected with this subject, that if abolition societies
and papers were not put down, and incendiary
publications (as they are called here) prevented
from being sent into the slaveholding States, the
Union must and would be dissolved, and that
the South would take care of her own interests,
and that she was sufficiently able to do so. I
regret, as I have before expressed myself on an-
other subject, that I so often hear this threat of a
dissolution of the Union; it is, however, a vain
and idle threat, calculated to effect no good, but
may do some mischief. We are sometimes spoken
of as a family of States, and the allusion is not
an inappropriate one. What family, I would
ask, could long continue in harmony, if any one
of its members, on the least dissatisfaction with
the general economy pursued, should always be
found declaring that he or she would dissolve the
union of the family, or secede from it altogether ?
No family could long continue happy and pros-
perous under such a state of things, nor could
partners in business ever be successful, or labor
together in peace, if one of them should on every
