1836.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. JEtng\
$f 4TE.
holding States, were laws "necessary and proper"
for the maintenance of harmony, and a proper
intercourse among the States? Were they ne-
cessary and proper for the preservation of an
interest they were intended and obviously calcu-
lated to destroy? No; they were unnecessary
and improper for this or any other constitutional
purpose. And yet it was said by the Senator
from Carolina that we had no independent power
to modify or repeal them; we were under the
strange necessity of doing wrong, until the States
might meet, ana legislate, and compel us to do
right; thereby creating a fundamental necessity
for a collision between the two Governments.
Why, (said Mr. K.,) so far from being compelled
to carry these abolition papers, in the spirit of
the Constitution we have no power to carry them.
This resulted (he «aid) from the acknowledged
right ef the States to stop them. All admitted
this right in the States; and upon what principle
was it? It was simply on the principle, that the
circulation of such matter was not necessary for
national purposes, and was inconsistent with
rights which belonged exclusively to the slave-
holding States. If we had a right to send thera,
the States had no right to stop them. In sending
these papers byoux laws* we assumed the right
to seno them. This assumption was either right,
or it was wrong. If right, the States had no right
to interfere with us; and if wrong, we should
give them no-occasion to do so. Rights (he said)
might be coexistent and concurrent; but they
could never be coexistent and inconsistent. Hav-
ing no right, then, to use any means inconsistent,
with the acknowledged rights of the States, we
could not be compelled to do so through the Post
Office power, which was limited by the purposes
of the grant, and should be carried: into effect by
laws " necessary and proper" to effect the pur-
poses for Which the power was granted, and not
to effect the purposes for which the power was
not granted. If these positions were true, it was
plain that Congress had aright to regulate its own,
action under its own power, with a due regard,
to those rights of the States recognized in the
Constitution, and it was the duty of Congress tq
do so.
Mr. K.t after laying down these general prin-
ciples, proceeded to notice the specific objections,
The first, he said, was, that any modification of
our laws preventing the circulation, through the
. marl, of abolition matter, would abridge the free-
dom of the press. And where did gentlemen,
trader mis sacred right of the freedom of the
press, obtain for the Abolitionists the right to use
this Government as an involuntary instrument
for the abolition of slavery in the slaveholding
States? They claimed it under the amendment
of the Constitution, which provides that " Con-
' gress shall make no law respecting an establish -
* ment of religion, of prohibiting the free exercise
' thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or
* of the press, or of the right of the people peaee-
* ably to assemble and petition the Government
* for a redress of grievances." Now, (said Mr.
K.,) those who have been here during the session
must feel somewhat astonished at the awful
respect which is paid by the Senator from Caro-
lina, to one right secured by this amendment,
when they recollect the unceremonious manner
in which "he4 treated another, expressly seewei in
the same article. It would be seen that this was
the same article in which the right of petition
was expressly secured to the worst, a  well as
the best citizens, and to petition for the worst as
well as the best objects. And yet the Senator had
refused to receive petitions on the subject of slái-
very, and had agitated the country for months,
by making war on a parcel of womenand chil-
dren ,disappointed old maids, and boarding school
misses; the former class having, perhaps, lost aU
sympathies with the world, anil the latter not
having learned anything about it. These peti-
tions, such as they were, were not permitted,
imder an express right, to ask Congress, in its
discretion, to abolish slavery in this District of
Columbia, whilst the same Senator, under the
■sme clause, looked beyond the Constitution for a
remote implication, to secure to the same persons
the active and efficient agency of the Government
to Abolish slavery in all the slaveholding States.
Although the Senator from South Carolina had
been long a politician, he seemed very subject to
the emotion of astonishment during the present
session,and on one or two occasions had expressed
astonishment at him, (Mr. K.) As for himseif,
however, though only a few years in politics, he
had already ceased to become astonished at apy-'
thing, or he should be amazed at the different
positions assumed by the Senator on the same
amendment of the Constitution. By petitioning
Congress the petitions could do no harm, unless
Congress did it for them- They, gave us notice
of their existence and designs in the least dan-
gerous-way, unless we made it dangerous. No
one ever intimated that to refuse to receive these
petitions would diminish the number of Aboli-
tionists; on the contrary, it was well known it
would increase them; and whilst they were in the
country plotting mischief, he wished to know who
they were, where they were, and what were their
views and designs. All insisted this^ was import-
ant information for the South; and,as a southern
man, if he had his- wishes, he would like for
every Abolitionist, man, wqroan, and child, in
the United States, to petition Congress on the
subject, if he could only be assured that their;
petitions vyould be prudently, treated, These,
petitions not only gave us the sentiments rand
designs of these people, and showed us where
they lived-, but kept the South advised of the
feelings of Congress on the subject, which was.
all-important to that section of country. With,
such admonition, the South coutd never be taken,
by surprise. In every view of the subject, even,
on the spore of expediency, the moré he had
reflected, the better was he satisfied With the
course he. had prOposed,'0a the right of petition.
Something was gained by receiving, and certainly
nothing lost by it. He- was led to this short
digression (he said) upon a motion long since
disposed of, in consequence, of Ae subject having
been revived by thje. Senator [Mr. Calhoun} who
had again caqt censure on those who had Voted
against his motion not to receive petitions.
Mr. r\. then returned to the first position in the.
report, and asked what was the freedom of the
press? How wai it secured? For what pur*
pos«s, and to whom? The security prov-ideo;for
the freedom of the press, was by a restriction on
the National Legislature, intended to prevent any
active interference with that rights as it existed!
in the States at the time the Constitution was
adopted- The provision was only declaratory of
a preexisting right, accompanied by an engage-
ment not to disturb it. That freedom consisted
in the right to print and publish ,whatev«r might
be permitted by the law* of the State, whose cit-
izens insisted upon the right. The privilege was
a. reserved one, and could not be disturbed within
the jurisdictional limits of any State, by any act-
ive interference of the General Government what-
ever, But as the rigiit was a State right, as the
privilege was a local one, (and so.ackaowjedged
in the report,) it could not be extended by ex-
pression or implication, or by Stat  or nations}
agency, unless some paramount constitutional
purpose required it. Did any such paramount
constitutional purpose require the extension here ?
He thought not. The right, like every other
constitutional right, must be reconciled with other
constitutional rights secured to the citizen in the
same instrument. Most of the States, he be-
lieved, had similar provisions in their own con-
stitutions for the protection of the freedom of the
press; and yet it had never been seriously, or at
any rate successfully, contended that such pro-
vision was a protection to the. libeler or .slan-
derer; and why? It was because, such an exten-
sion of the privilege would be inconsistent with
other private rights secured to the citizens under
the same constitution, and was not at all neces-
sary to the reasonable and usefuí enjoyment of
the right. Each provision could be made effect-
ual, and answer all its useful purposes without
any conflict between them. Any claim, then,
(said Mr, K.,) which the freedom of the press
has to our attention in this place, especially when
the claim is an implied one, must be reconciled
with other claims secured to the citizen under the
same Constitution. The rights of domestic sla-
very were State rigj t*i fhe freedom of the press
was a State right; and they could be easily recon-
ciled on the principle that they did not necessa-
rily interfere with each other, and should not be
permitted to do so. The freedom of the press in
the State of Maine should not interfere with the
rights of slavery in the State of Mississippi. As
domestic slavery in Mississippi should not inter-
fere with the freedom of the press in Maine, and
as the States could not infterere with each other
in these State rights; how could they ask the
General Government to lend them its agency t&
do so, when, that Government was by its Consti-
tution bound to protect and respect both rights ?
How, then, did we .abridge, the freedom of the
press by withholding the national agency from
all means calculated: to abolish slavery in the
slaveholding States,. w¿ien the national Govern-
ment had no power for this purpose, either ex-
pressed or implied ? We do not (said hie) pro-
pose to prevept the printing, and publishing, or
even the circulation of any matter pernijtted by
the laws of the respective States within the limits
of the States where printed and published; and
as the right was. acknowledged to be a. State
right, it could not be further insiste^ on, except
for 'purposes purely national, and. therefore not
conflicting with the rights of other States. The
power ■"&> given to keep up a" spcial, friendly,
and commercial intercourse among the people of
the States; and, so far as it extended an' inter-
course among the people of the different States,
it was the creature of the Constitution; must be
confined to its objects, and could not he used to
destroy an-interest which we had no fight to
touch; and which, on the contrary, bylhe Con-
stitution, we were bound to secure.
Further, %^r. ft, said,) h was. admitted that if
the freedom of the press tyas infringed by such
modification of Our luws as proposed bythe pres-
ident, it was done by implication. Was there,
then, any implied, right in the citizen, t  claim an
involuntary agency of the General Gjovferament
in the circulation, pf any matter beyond the limits
of his own Staje which by the laws qf that State
might be there priqted and published? If so,
from what source was. such a right derived? It
could only attach as a necessary and proper means
to¡some constitutional end. What was that con-
stitutional end here i The Senator from, Carolina
insisted that the right to pr|ng,and^nlptfsh jmnbed
the right to circulate; and as the, rust, Ufflee
power was surrendered to trie General Govern-
ment, there was,an implied right to claim the
agency of that Government in the circulation of
whatever a State might permit to be. printed arid
published. As the rignt to print and publish was
acknowledged by the Senator to be a local and
State right, it was a little strange how the inci-
dent could be extended beyond the principal
power. The truth was, that tne Post QfR6e power
was itself a distinct .power, and could only be
called on to execute its, own proper purposes  or
by implication as> accessary and, proper to some
other constitutional end. And he again asked,
what was, that constitutional end here ? The
abolition of slavery in ihi slaveholding States. 
It could be none ofhef. And, wfes' tapt,tlje consti-
tutional end which so irresistibly drew1 after it, as
an incident, the involuntary ageney of the Gov-
ernment in the circulation of matter calculate^ to
abolish slavery in tne *lav«ho(ding States? When
insisieí on because itj proposed an unconstitu-
tional wi. Biirt the Senator from Carolina most
strongly insisted (hV said) that an implied right
claimed far an. vneonstUM^onalpvrvpse shoulddefeat
Á¿ Qserrtse of an express power, token that exerctse
was proposed far 4 purpose acknowledged to be con-
stitukonaí. He would ask the Senator how U
was possible to abridge a liberty of the citizen by
denying to him the means of doing that which
he had no liberty todo?
He thought, then, that it was perfectly plain
that the freedom of the press could not  by im-
plication, be made to control an expressly dele-
gated power for purposes inconsistent with the
objects of that power, and the general purposes
of the-national compact. It could not, in this
case, be made the cloak for any such unauthor-
