286
APPENDIX TO THE COIVGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. King.
Senate.
ized mischief as that which was placed under its
protection.
Mr. K. said the construction put upon another
law* had been referred to in the report as author-
ity; but it was plain there was no analogy what-
ever; for in that law printing and publication
were directly acted on within the States, and that by
the assumption of a power nowhere granted. Unau-
thorized power was assumed to violate rights ex-
pressly reserved to the States; whilst here we so
exercise a potter expressly granted in such way as
to respeet the rights of the States. Mr. K. took
leave of this brarch of the subject, and proceeded
to notice the second ground; that such regulation
would asset t a power fatal to the rights of the
States.
Mr. K. said that he had already stated that he
thought this a most extraordinary position; and,
when considered in reference to the subject, he
still thought so. The Senator had stated that it
was perfectly plain that if we could say what we
would not carry, we might say what we would
carry, and enforce its circulation. This might be
very plain to the chairman of the committee, but
it was very far from being plain to him, (Mr. K.)
Propositions, the identity of which depended on
easy conditions, were very convenient and pop-
ular with popular reasoners, from the great lati-
tude which they gave to the speaker, and the
inexhaustible materials for argument which they
usually afford. By the use of them the orator
could frequently lot himself off into a train of
easy reasoning without any assignable limitation
whatever. He had the advantages of the theory
of the northern diver (whose name he had for-
gotten) whose theory was, that it was just as
easy to do one thing as another. He believed,
however, that he had furnished a practical refu-
tation of his own theory in the end; for he found
it perfectly easy to leap down from an elevation
of one hundred feet into a gulf of water below,
but did not find it so easy to leap back again.
The error of the chairman of the committee, he
said, (if it be one, and he believed it to be, with
all due respect,) seemed to him to have arisen
from a misapprehension of the nature of the ques-
tion he was deciding. The question was one on
the affirmation of power under a limited Consti-
tution. We could run with the current of consti-
tutional authority, but we could not run against
it; and the Senator might just as well say, that
if a man had power to swim down the falls of
Niagara, it was perfectly plain that he had power
to swim up them. We never asserted a right to
exceed a limited power by acting strictly within it.
The Army (he said) was confided to the General
Government, but a protection was also provided
to the citizen in the Constitution against the quar-
tering of soldiers on him in time of peace. Ac-
cording to the doctrine of the report, if we were
to pass a law to make that protection efficient,
and^as a matter of discipline, punish the officer
for a violation of it, we would thereby assert the
power to violate the right at pleasure in face of
the Constitution. As a further illustration of the
doctrine of the report, Mr. K. instanced the pro-
prietor of a freehold, who had full authority on
his own estate, but had no power to cross the
line and trespass on the land of his neighbor; and
yet, if he wished to respect his neighbor's rights
and forbid his servants to commit trespasses, and
punished their disobedience, he thereby, accord-
ing to this doctrine, asserted a right to trespass
on his neighbor at pleasure. The plain difference
in all these cases (Mr. K. said) was, that we
had power in the one case and no power in the
other.
The power here was limited by the purposes
for which it was to be exercised; we could go
with the Constitution, but could not go against it.
We could act within our constitutional limits,
but could not go beyond them. Whether we
could enforce the circulation of a paper through
the mail in the slaveholding States, would depend
on its character. If it were a commercial letter,
a bill of exchange, a bill of lading, a war despatch,
or any other paper fÜrly connected with the
granted powers and social relations as established
* Alien and sedition law.
by the Constitution and not inconsistent with the
reserved rights of the States, in that case its cir-
culation might be enforced. If of a different char-
acter, it could not be enforced, and the State
whose acknowleged rights might bo affected,
could interfere and arrest the cumulation. Each
Government should act within its own powers,
and in doing so asserted no right to go beyond
them.
But (Mr. K. said) it was a waste of time to
dwell longer upon this report, as the bill reported
by the chairman of the committee was a practical
refutation of every principle laid down in the re-
Cort up to that part of it which recommended the
ill. The bill proposed to Congress to do that
which the report said Congress had no power to
do.
The position assumed in the report was, that
the amended article before referred to deprived
Congress of all power over the subject, because
" it was the object of this provision to place the
' freedom of the press beyond the potsible interfcr-
' ence of Congress," &c. "It withdraws from
' Congress all right of interference with the press
' in anyform or shape whatever." This (he said)
was the language of the report; and as the right
to circulate was assumed as an incident to this
freedom of the press, any interference with cir-
culation, by refusing to transmit anything the
States might permit to be published, was consid-
ered a violation of the right. Now what are the
provisions of the bill ? If it does not interfere
" in some form or shape " with the circulation of
matter the printing and publishing of which is
perfectly lawful in the State where published, I
care nothing for it. Mr. K. read the bill, and
said it would be seen that it prevented the trans-
mission by mail of papers, &c, on the subject
of domestic slavery, from one State to another,
when by the laws of the State to which the same
was directed the circulation of such papers was
prohibited. Here was an "interference" by
Congress with circulation, and he thought a very
strong and extensive interference; and how did
the Senator reconcile this interference with the
principles of his report? Why, the constitutional
difficulty was removed by the cooperation of the
State. Cooperation with the State! and how
could the General Government cooperate in an act
which, according to the report, it is deprived of
" all right of interference in, in any manner or
shape whatever?" How could this Government
act in conjunction with another agent when it
was under a constitutional restriction not to act
at all?
But this (said Mr. K.) is far from being the
worse of it. The freedom of the press, as ac-
knowledged in the report, is strictly a State right;
and, as a State right, implies a right to circulate
through the mail whatever the State may permit
to be printed and published. It is the freedom
of the press in the non-slaveholding Stales, then,
that is affected by the law. Is this sacred con-
stitutional right released by the cooperation of
the State? The cooperation of what State? The
State whose rights are to be affected ? Not at all.
According to this doctrine the sacred reserved
right of the freedom of the press in the State of
Maine may be abolished in an instant by the
action of the Legislature of the State of Missis-
sippi. The people of Maine, though secured by
the sacred guarantees of the Constitution, in a
reserved right beyond "anypossible interference
whatever" by the General Government, may be
capitally punished by that same Government for
the exercise of this right, by the consent of the State
of Mississippi. Why, what a jumble of incon-
sistent political powers and inefficient constitu-
tional securities is found here ! That the consti-
tutional powers of the General Government could
be enlarged by the action of a single State, and
enlarged, too, in its operation over the rights of
States that do not cooperate or consent, was one of
the strangest doctrines that had ever grown out
of the heresies of modern times.
The truth is, (said Mr. K.,) we have the power
to act in this matter under the Constitution, or we
have no power at all. We cannot derive any
power from the laws of one State to act upon the
citizens of another. We derive our power here
under the Constitution, which gives us exclusive
charge of the Post Office Department. Under
this power we can pass all proper laws, and pun-
ish their infraction, which carry into effect the
objects of the power, and duly respect the rights
of the States. Here was the source from which
we derived our power; and he hoped gentlemen
would not refuse to vote for the bill because they
could not agree to the principles of the report or
reconcile it with the bill.
He did not know how the chairman of the
committee could have fallen into this thorough
inconsistency, unless it was that he had seen the
recommendation, and took it for granted it must
be all wrong, as it had been made by the Presi-
dent. But on further consideration he had found
it right, and that the South expected something
to be done; and hence this Opposition report
accompanied by an Administration bill. Yes,
(said Mr. K.,) an Administration bill. I wish
my friends to understand that, and hope they
will not fall into the same error with regard to the
chairman of the committee that he did in regard
to the President, and take it for granted that the
bill is wrong because it has been reported by the
Senator from Carolina. Sir, the bill is right, and
precisely conformable to the views of the Presi-
dent, against which the report is made. Mr. K.
then read that part of the message which indicated
the character of the law that the President recom-
mended, as follows:
" In leaving other branches of this interesting
' subject to the State authorities, to whom they
' properly belong, it is nevertheless proper for
' Congress to take such measures as will prevent
' the Post Office Department, which was designed
' to foster an amicable intercourse and correspond-
' ence between all the members of the Confederacy,
' from being used as an instrument of an opposite
' character. The General Government, to which
' the great trust is confided of preserving inviolate
' the relations created among the States by the
' Constitution, is especially bound to avoid, in
' its own action, anything that may disturb them.
' I would therefore call the special attention of
• Congress to the subject, and respectfully suggest
' the propriety of passing such a law as will pro-
' hibit, under severe penalties, the circulation in
' the southern States, through -the mail, of incen-
' diary publications, intended to instigate the
' slaves to insurrection."
No new power was asserted here. On the con-
trary, the power of the States over the whole sub-
ject of slavery is ad mitted. The Post Office power
is asserted to be in the General Government, and
we are only recommended to use it in such way
as not to disturb the rights we acknowledge in
these States. These are precisely the principles
of the bill. We might adopt the laws of the
States where we acknowledge their right to pass
them, without deriving any authority from them.
In placing this confidence in the States, where we
wish them to aid us in respecting their rights in
the exercise of ours, we had only to see that the
law to be adopted was such as they had a right
to pass. This was done in the bill which con-
fined the laws to be adopted to the subject of do-
mestic slavery, which all acknowledge to be under
the exclusive jurisdiction of the slaveholding
States.
Mr. K. next proceeded to notice the arguments
of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.1
who had attacked the bill principally on the ground
of expediency. He had stated that " it took the
whole Post Office power from the General Gov-
ernment, and gave it to the States." Not at all
—not a particle of Post Office power was claimed
by, or given to the States by the bill. The General
Government was only so regulating that power
in itself, as to respect the rights of the States.
But the Senator further objected (Mr. K. said)
because it would be establishing an inquisitorial
power in the Post Office Department; and did the
Senator from Massachusetts propose anything
better? It was certainly unfortunate that any of
our citizens should league themselves with for-
eigners, and engage in a species of mischief that
makes any extraordinary measures necessary,
either by the State or General Government?
But when men were disposed (he said) to
trouble the peace of society, they could only be
counteracted by laws. Laws could not be admin-
