«90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
God, and that the " Bible was a lie." Whatwas
the result' After thev succeeded in transferring
the propei ty of the nation from those who had
accumulated it, to those w ho had none, then thev
chan ed hallelujahs to their imaginaiy system of
equah'v, evtn while tnc blood of virtue and of
innocence flowed in wide-spread sluices from the
guillotine, under the hands of Robespieire and
Damon. The same svvoid that was raised on
hi^li atLodi and Marengo, to vindicate the equal
rights ot republican France, was soon, very soon,
grasped by the hand of a tyrant and despot, who
wavcditdnppingwith blood over an enslaved and
unhappy people. Let no man proclaim umversal
equality as practically to be enforctd in any so-
ciety on earth, unless he is piepared to appeal to
universal revolution to sustain it.
Mr. Speaker, we are denounced before the
woild for holding a race amongst us in domestic
servitude. It is not my province, nor is this the
place, to expound the precepts of divine law;
but I lay down this proposition as universally
true, that there is not, nor ever was, a society
organized under one political system for a period
long enough to constitute an era, where one cjaas
would not practically and substantially own an-
other class in some shape or form. Let not gtn-
tlemen from the North start at this truth, we are
yet, as a people, in our infancy. Society has
not j et been pressed dow n into its classifications.
Let us live through an «i a, and then we shall dis-
cover this great truth All society settles down
into a classification of capitalists and laborers.
The former will own the latter, either collectively
through the Government, or individually in a
state of domestic servitude, as exists in the south-
ern States of this Confederacy. The only con-
test in the world is between the two systems.
If laborers ever obtain the political power of a
country, it is in fact in a state of revolution,
which must end in substantially transferring
property to themselves until they shall become
capitalists, unless those who have it shall appeal
to the sword and a standing army to protect it.
This is the history of all civilized people. There
is not a Government in Christendom that does
not rest upon this power, except our own, and
here we have substituted for open force consti-
tutions and the concentrated public opinion of
communities. But we have not yet lived through
experience, and it is yet to be seen whether
bribery, corruption, ana fiaud shall not take the
place, for the present, of the Constitution and
public opinion, and finally force the old appeal to
the sword. To illustrate this position, take one
hundred men, and organize them under one Gov-
ernment, and start them with your imaginary
notion of all being equal. What is the result  The
Creator has made some more active, more econ-
omical, more industrious than others, and in five
years, in all human probability, forty out of the
hundred will accumulate property, while sixty
will not. The political power must be supported
by taxes and revenue, and if all have equal
power, the sixty will lay taxes upon the forty,
and distribute the revenue, not amongst the forty,
but amongst themselves. This will, in time,
substantially transfer the property of the forty
to the sixty, or the former must appeal to the
sword, when twenty out of the sixty will be
paid to constitute a standing army, and form the
oasis of power in the forty. Let it be under-
stood that, in the political action of classes, the
restraints of public opinion and public responsi-
bility do not operate through a series of years;
but that man, acting in his collective capacity, is
essentially impelled by his appetites, his passions,
and his interests. It is only in his individual ca-
pacity that he becomes an intellectual, moral, and
virtuous being.
Let us analyze any Government on earth: take,
for instance, the British Constitution. The House
of Lords represents the landed capitalists of Great
Britain; the House of Commons the commercial
and manufacturing capitalists; and both together
represent the aggregate capitalists of the country.
The King is supported as a third power, to check
and balance the two other equal powers, and give
vigor to the system. They are mutually inter-
ested in one thing only, and that is to ascertain
what the labor of the nation will live on; and all
G*er and above that they take and divide among
themselves, and the interests they represent, by
the power of raising revenue, and in its distribu-
tion. This they do in the ten thousand shapes
and forms which human ingenuity and wicked-
ness can invent, through a standing army and
navy, the civil and diplomatic corps, and half a
million of pensioned profligates, besides the
whole system of taxation, by which all capital is
kept at home. But nothing but open agrarianism
can much longer keep in peace and suojectionan
excited and hungry multitude, who, under the
cry of the "poor against the rich," may be
raised to clamor for vengeance around the vaults
of hoarded wealth.
The capitalists north of Mason and Dixon's
line have precisely the same interest in the labor
of the country that the capitalists of England
have in their labor. Hence it is that they want
a strong Federal Government, through which
they may more effectually control the labor of
the nation. But it is precisely the reverse with
us     We alieady have not only a right to the
f)roceeds of oui laborers, but we own a class of
aborers themselves. Hence it is that we want
a strong Government at home and a weak one
here, except so far as concerns our foreign rela-
tions. And hence it is that no doctrine, that
makes this Government controlled by the simple
action of a majority of mere numbers, can be
more desolating and fatal in its effects upon us.
This, sir, is the basis of all difference between the
slaveholding and non-slaveholding States of this
Confederacy. But let me say to gentlemen who
represent the great class of capitalists in the
North, beware that you do not drive us into a
separate system; for, if you do, as certain as the
decrees of Heaven, you will be compelled to ap-
peal to the sword to maintain yourselves at home.
It may not come in your day, but your children's
children will be covered with the blood of domes-
tic factions, and a plundering mob contending for
power and conquest.
Mr. Speaker, let us look for a moment into
this sudden ciusade, raised all over the world
against domestic servitude.    The British Gov-
ernment violated the rights of property to eman-
cipate a race in the West Indies, only to throw
them  upon   the  world,   strolling  vagrants  and
vagabonds.   And it is íemarkablo, that the same
Minister who held in his hand the act of emanci-
pation to the black man abroad, rose in his seat
to congratulate the nation that he was enabled to
withdraw troops from foreign stations, and to
"place them in the manufacturing districts" at
home, " to keep down insurrection and disturb-
ance."   While a mistaken sympathy, and bigo-
ted and fanatical religion, can prompt men to feci
for the imaginary evils of the black or red man
of distant legions, there seems to be no heart for
the suffering and slavery of the white man at
home.  The same Government that suffered itself
to be forced to an act of emancipation, through
the influence of stupid fanaticism, aided by the
instigations of the British East India Company
for the purposes of gain and monopoly, actually
holds in political vassalage at home, Ireland, the
land  of   genius  and  eloquence.     While  seven
millions of men ai ound them feel all the pressure
of despotism and abject slavery, in want and
misery, they have the hardihood and shameless-
ness to proclaim emancipation abroad.    While
England holds in bondage one hundred millions
of human beings in her East India possessions,
where, if any native should dare to raise a voice,
even although that voice should be that of a female
princess, against British clemency or the British
Government, immediately fifty thousand bayo-
nets would spring up for plunder and murder,
yet, sir, while this is notonously the case, she
has the hypocrisy to preach univeisal emancipa-
tion.
Take, sir, a case nearer home. In the city of
New York it is that societies upon societies have
been formed, and thousands upon thousands
raised to alleviate the evils of the far South, and
to regenerate our country. Go into that city,
visit " Five Points," and then gaze, if you can,
upon the scenes of wretchedness, guilt, woe, and
misery. Behold thousands upon thousands, of
all hues and complexions, dragging their starving
and emaciated forms from their dens and cellars
into the light and warmth of day to support sink-
ing nature. I solemnly believe there is more want,
more evil, and more suffering in that Bínele city'
than exists from the Potomac to the Mississippi!
It would take all the resources of their societies
to relieve those who suffer at home. Ytt the
stupidity, bigotry, and fanaticism of modern da\ s,
which are sweeping through the land, seem only
to seek out distant objects, when the imagination
exaggerates evil on which to exercise their blind
and ignorant benevolence.
Mr. Speaker, as to the particular treatment of
those we avow to hold in bondage, and our pe-
culiar rights in them, I scorn to vindicate either
the one or the other here. But let me say, sir,
that our system of domestic servitude, whpre all
the sympathies and interests that can bind indi-
vidual capitalists and individual laborers together
exist, is the same patriarchal system that existed
in the first ages of society. Our classification is
into blacks and whites, and we openly avow be-
fore the world that we own the former through
both intellectual and physical force. We have
nothing to conceal or disguise. Ours is the an-
cient system of society that existed amongst the
Greeks and the Romans, and, to a certain extent,
in the feudal serf system of the Gallic race. And
here let me refer, when the world supposes it full
of intrinsic weakness and evil—let me but refer to
a single instance I allude to Attica, when there
were five hundred and thnty-six thousand souls,
and out of them only one hundred and twenty-
two thousand free citizens. And where does the
world look for the highest specimens of art, and
taste, and refinement' Where for the loftiest and
purest strains of poetry and eloquence' Where
for the noblest and most exalted examples of
arms and patriotism, but to Athens. Ours is
a frank and bold system that sustains itself by
open and undisguised power. And, let me say,
that here consists the great difference between
the ancients and the moderns: the former were
more open, frank, and bold, the latter have more
ingenuity, duplicity, and cunning. The modern
system of ruling classes through the Government
and party ascendency rests upon duplicity, brib-
ery, and fraud.
Hence rt is that there has not been, for the last
hundred years, a statute passed in Great Britain,
professing to give equal rights and privileges to
the great mass of the people, whose preamble is
not full of falsehood and hypocrisy. Public men
are trained up from the institutions of modern
society, to practice deception, duplicity, flattery,
and fraud, that one half of society may rule the
other half.
Look, for instance, to the State of New York
as things now exist there. We find an artful,
profligate, and daring party, leagued together by
moneyed corporations—by the distribution of
offices, and the power and terror of perfect or-
ganization, for the open purpose of swaying the
political destinies of the country. Sir, I solemnly
believe that, for baseness of purpose and in de-
grading means, no party has ever risen in any
civilized country to equal it, since the Jacobinic
clubs of France held their midnight meetings;
when no man dare whisper the secrets of his
heart, even to the partner of his bosom, without
being arraigned under their terrible inquisition.
I appeal to the minority from that State on this
floor, to know if they do not live nnder a system
of political vassalage, in which the dominant
party openly spread out upon their banners
" booty, booty,s'"the spoils of victory belong
to the conquerors' " and under this vile standard
call upon their mercenary bands to gather in the
plunder of a sacked camp. Sir, they preach
democracy and universal equality to us, and
practise political despotism, at home. This is
the cant, duplicity, and profligacy of modern
times.
Mr. Speaker, I owe, perhaps, an apology to
this House for speaking so plain; but, sir, I have
been taught from my father's board to disguise
no sentiment I entertain. I know I have uttered
sentiments little calculated to please those inter-
ests that now hold the destinies of the country m
their hands. I know that what I have said is ill
calculated for popularity in this country, but i
speak the truth as I believe it to exist, and asK
no favors of any man or set of men living, save
my own constituents.
