292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Moore.
Senate.
vas under discussion at a late hour on a former |
dav. and, in order to make what  he had no '
doubt they would receive as a suitable return for
that indulgence, he promised to be as brief in his
remarks as possible; and he would not even now
trespass upon their patience for a single moment,
except for the peculiar course of remark that had
been indulged in by certain Senators, and the
hiffh state of excitement which prevailed in the
section of country from which  he came, con- ,
nected with the subject.
Mr. M. desired to assure the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] who introduced
this petition, that, in anything he should say, or
in the vote which he was about to record against
receiving the petition, he was not influenced by
any want of regard for that orderly and highly
respectable body of men from which it emanated;
for he believed in his heart, as a profession, the
Society of the Quakers or Friends had as much
to command his regard as any other. It was
true (he said) there were certain points in their
creed or book of faith to which he could by no
means subscribe.
But it was claimed for these petitioners that
they had assumed their attitude before the Senate
under the Constitution, and that the Senate had
no right to refuse to receive their petition.
Mr. M. said it was with great deference—great
deference, indeed—to the opinion of others, that
he begged leave to say, in his opinion, that that
article in the Constitution which guaranties to the
citizens of the country the right peacably to as-
semble and petition for the redress of grievances,
had nothing to do with this matter whatever; that
it was entirely foreign to the subject; and asked
whether Congress was about to pass any law
having for its object the infringement of this right,
thus secured, peaceably to assemble and petition
for the redress of grievances. Was any such
proposition pending ? No. Had these petition-
ers complained of any grievance with which they
were afflicted? No. They had complained of
the existence of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia as a grievance, and they had complained of
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, which
they had been pleased to denounce in no meas-
ured terms. They had also taken the liberty to
denounce those who participated in that trade.
And to these allegations he said he would make
a single reply. He said, if slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia be an evil oragrievance, it was
one which it belonged exclusively to'the people
of the District to adopt the necessary measures
to redress and be relieved of, and not to the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania. And as regarded the traffic
carried on in the persons of slaves, this had been
the case ever since the Government was estab-
lished; and he was glad to know this property ,
was secured and guarantied, not only to the citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, but to thecitizens
of all the slaveholding States, by that sacred in-
strument, the Constitution of the land, which we
were all sworn to support. He said he regretted
that these petitioners had, in this instance, vio-
lated a rule of propriety in their own deportment
which he believed they very seldom violated upon
any ordinary occasion. He alluded to the rule
called by some "agolden one," by others "the
eleventh commandment," " thatenjoined the duty
upon each member in society to attend to his own
business, and let his neighbors alone."
These petitioners had unceremoniously left their
own domestic firesides, and had thrusted them
here before the Senate, and demanded that they
should be permitted to meddle with their neigh-
bors' concerns. Suppose (said Mr. M.) these
petitioners were to take it into their heads that
the existence of slavery in Alabama, or in any
other State, or suppose they were to imagine the
liberty of speech or the freedom of the press, to
the extent they have been exercised of late, were
grievances, (and he could not doubt but many
would agree with him that the freedom of the
press had been grossly abused and licentious,)
yet would a petition, embracing these topics, be
received by this Senate?   He thought not.
Then, as to the language in which this petition
is couched, although it was not as offensive as
that employed in other petitions on the same sub-
ject, yet it was certainly highly objectionable;
for he said it could not be disguised that, in this
petition was a serious charge—made, it was true,
more directly against the good people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, but it also included a portion
of his constituents.   The slave trade in the Dis-
trict is denounced, and those who participate in
it are denounced as being as base, as criminal,
and as guilty, as if they were to be concerned in
the African slave trade, which it was known our
laws have characterized piracy, and annexed to
its commission a capital punishment.    He said he
must be permitted, as iar as his constituents were
concerned, to enter in their behalf " the plea of
not guilty," and he would go further, and say
they were not only not guilty, but entirely inno-
cent, and not only innocent, but slandered.    He
said he would enter the same plea in favor of his
colleague [Mr. King] and himself, for they, too,
had purchased slaves in the District for their own.
plantations; and he was unwilling to admit that
they had committed any crime, much less one of
so serious an import as that charged.
j     Mr. M. said he would feel it his duty to say
more in defense of the moral character and repu-
I tation of the people in the South, who had been
wantonly assailed as regarded the treatment to
their slaves; but upon this branch of the subject
he had been anticipated by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh ,] who had been so
happy in putting this matter in its proper point
of view, that but little was left for him, except to
tender the honorable Senator his thanks, and the
thanks of his constituents, which he had no doubt
he would receive as he would the gratulations of
hi  own constituents, the citizens of the Ancient
Dominion, whose honor, views, and principles,
constitutional rights, and privileges, he had so
¡ ably and eloquently defended and supported.
I     Mr. M. said, on this point he would only add,
I that, to those who knew the southern people
¡ best, there would be no difficulty in doing them
1 justice;  they would at once admit that  these
attacks were made either through a gross ignor-
ance of their character, or from a design willfully
to misrepresent them.    The  principles  of hu-
manity, (said Mr. M.,) (which he fondly hoped
had as much influence in a southern as a northern
climate,) as well as a proper regard for their own
interest, dictated a different treatment to their
1 slaves.    Sir, (said he,) they constitute our prop-
' erty, our wealth, and, in some instances, our all.
Gur interest, therefore, requires that we should
see that they are treated with humanity, in order
that we may derive the greatest possible advant-
age from  their  services.    And, sir, (said Mr.
M.,) I will not hesitate to say they were well
treated, well fed, well clothed, furnished with
comfortable dwellings to shelter them from the
cold and from the, rain—yes, sir, and they are
well satisfied, and well contented, too, and would
remain so, if permitted, if these officious inter-
meddlers, these enemies of our peace, these insti-
gators  of insurrection,  would  only stay  their
hand, would let us alone.   And surely we have a
right to demand this much; less will not quiet
or satisfy the South.
As a suitable commentary upon the manner in
which the South has been slandered and abused,
and a suitable commentary, too, upon the char-
acter of those base incendiary productions with
which that section of country has been literally
inundated of late, he would refer to a little book
that had by accident got into his hands; it con-
tained some plates, engravings, &c, one object
of whieh was doubtless to place the southern
people in the most odious and degraded point of
view that it was possible to imagine, at the same
time that it laid the foundation for rebellion and
insurrection among a portion of our population.
He would not say that this was a principal ob-
ject in the authors of this work, but he would
say, this was among the natural consequences of
productions of this character, connected with an-
other result not much less objectionable—the cre-
ating prejudice and ill-will in the breast of the
northern against the southern people. Mr. M.
said, no person of sensibility, of whatever po-
litical party he might be, whether he hailed from
the South or the North, the East or the West,
could read a half page in this pamphlet, and be
able to suppress the most indignant feeling.   Sir,
(said Mr. M.,) will the Senate excuse me for
reading one sentence only, on the first page, as
a sample of the work? Here Mr. M. read as
follows:
" One of the reasons why the southern Sfntes advocated
the purchase of Louisiana and Florida was, that they misht
be able to recover their runaways, as well as to open a mar-
ket tor their surplus slaves, and increase the number ot the
slaveholding States.
" For the same recsons, they now urge the purchase of
Texas."
Was ever a more foul calumny or base libel
published against any community or class of
citizens ?
Sir, (said Mr. M.,) I wish this incendiary au-
thor, whilst lie was so very learned and orthodox
in the reasons assigned which influenced the re-
publican administration of Mr. Jefferson in the
purchase of Louisiana, had been pleased to fur-
nish us with those which influenced the course
of certain politicians in getting up and transmit-
ting to Senators here, and members on the other
j floor of the National Legislature, instructions by
I which an opposition was made to the admission
! of Missouri into the Federal family, unless she
would come in with á restriction as regards sla-
| very, and which opposition was waged and prose-
I cuted with a spirit and violence that threatened
| the integrity of the Uníonitself.    Mr. M. doubted
not but this author, from his peculiar locality,
could have informed us whether that opposition
was predicated upon political considerations, in
order to prevent an accession of political power,
in proportion to the black population, which is
entitled to representation according to the prin-
ciples of the Federal Constitution, or whether it
proceeded from the dictate of humane and phi-
! lanthropic motives, which these fanatics make
great profession of, without possessing the least
particle of such feeling.
1 Mr. M. said he had intended to nave prosecuted
1 this inquiry with a view to ascertain, if possible,
the secret motive and latent springs which gave
rise to the instructions and opposition alluded to j
but (he said) he feared he would be deemed as
approaching forbidden ground. He was well
aware some would think it unkind to open old
wounds. Some honorable Senators deprecated
discussion on this subject; they deprecated ex-
citement—caused by whom? Not by us who
oppose the reception of these petitions, but by
those who get them up and send them here. He
was well apprised that the fears and sensibilities
! of certain gentlemen were easily aroused, lest by
inquiry and discussion a political partisan leader
should be involved. He, therefore, would not
prosecute this subject further; he would not even
say what he had intended to say, and what might
be very well said in connection with this subject,
but would return to the petition of the citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia. And Mr. M. desired
fo know where was the utility of receiving this
petition for the avowed purpose of rejecting it im-
mediately. Would the petitioners consider them-
selves as being treated with more respect by
giving this direction to it than if its reception was
refused? Would they be inclined to appreciate
that right, guarantied by the Constitution,peace-
ably to assemble and petition for the redress of
grievances, of which gentlemen talk so much, as
being worth one cent, if it only extends to the
right of having a petition read, and the prayer
contained therein forthwith rejected, without
having it referred or even considered in any man-
ner ? Gentlemen attempt to draw a distinction
between a proposition to reject the petition and
one to reject the prayer of the petition; but surely
this is a distinction without a difference, and
so he imagined the Quakers of Pennsylvania
would think.
Mr. M. asked whether this procedure was ne-
cessary in order to give Congress jurisdiction in
this case? Was it necessary, in order to hold
out the idea to those petitioners and others who
partake of their views and feelings, that they
have a constitutional right to petition Congress
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia f
Was it necessary, in order to encourage persons
of this description, to continue to harass and
embarrass Congress with applications of this 
