1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
24th Cong....1st Sess.
twenty-five steamers, and twenty-five smaller
vessels—in all one hundred and fifteen vessels
either in commission, or ready to be launched—
would constitute a force of such respectability as
would give protection to our commerce in every
sea, honor to our flag all over the world, and de-
fense at home when the approach of danger re-
quired its arm. He hoped the force proposed
would be granted; that the surplus revenue would
be taken for that purpose, ínsti ad of distribution;
and thatthe rank of admiral should be established.
Mr. B. took up the military branch of the
national defense, and commenced with the report
of Colonel Bomford of the ordnance. Looking
to the results as stated by him, and it was seen
that a sum of $30,000,000, in round numbers,
would be wanted for this branch of the service,
and that the annual appropriations might be
double as large, and in some instances four times
as large, as heretofore. This sum of $30,000,000
embraced seven different heads—armories, arse-
nals, field artillery, cannon and munitions for
fortifications, small arms, ammunition, and a na-
tional foundery. The amounts were thus distrib-
uted:
Two national armories.............$1,050,000
Fourteen arsenals..................    1,746,000
Nine hundred and twenty-six pieces
of field artillery, with carnages, &c., 576,175
Ordnance and  ordnance  stores and
ammunition for fortifications...... 17,840,249
Small arms and ace outer me nts......    8,243,113
Ammunition for field service........       200,000
A national foundery...............       300,000
$29,955,537
To the amounts stated under some of these
heads (Mr. B. said) the Secretary of War dis-
sented, and supposed that a sum much less would
be sufficient.    The dissent particularly applied to
the number of small arms and accouterments, and
to the quantity of ordnance and ammunition for
forts.  Admitting that there may be some diminu-
tion on each of these heads, the balance would
still be sufficient for all the purposes of the argu-
ment he was now making; the remainder would
still be sufficient to show that there would be no
money to be spared for distribution, and that the
public defenses require every surplus dollar that
we have got.    To a specific question addressed
to Colonel Bomford, the head of the Ordnance
Department, he answers in writing, that for the
several objects of armories, arsenals, field artil-
lery, ordnance and amunition for fortifications,
small arms and accouterments, ammunition for
field service, and a national foundery, the sum of
$2,000,000, over and above the usual appropria-
tion of about  $1,000,000, can be annually and
beneficially expended until the object is accom-
plished.   This would make $3,000,000 annually
for the ordnance department, and would require
ten years to expend $30,000,000; now, the dis-
tribution bill has but five years to run, and no
diminution in the ordnance estimates can bring
them down to $15,000,000, or even near it.   The
ordnance will, then, require $3,000,000 a year for
a greater number of years than the distribution
bill is to continue; so that, during that whole
time, the ordnance department must be stinted
of money and languish for want of employment,
if this distribution bill takes effect.   The engineer
department is explicit in the statement that it can
beneficially expend $6,000,000, at least, annually,
upon the construction of the fortifications; and
the Navy Board is equally explicit that it can
beneficially employ many millions annually in
the completion  of the  naval defenses.    Here,
then, is an extraordinary demand of twelve or
fourteen millions per annum for the defenses of
the country; and it is certain that this demand
would continue for a longer period than the five
years which the distribution bill is proposed to
run.
Mr. B. would then look into the objects of ex-
penditure belonging to the ordnance department,
and see how far it was proper to postpone and
set aside these objects, for the purpose of seizing
upon the contents of the Treasury, and making
a general distribution of them among the States.
The first object was that of national armories.
At present there were two of these establish-
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Benton.
ments—one at Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, the ¡'
other at Springfield, Massachusetts. Both were '
in the Atlantic States, and both would fall to the '
north of a middle point between Florida and
Maine. The expense of transporting arms and
ordnance from these two armories to all other
parts of the Union was a serious item in their
expense, and besides that item, the harmony of
the Union and the spirit of our Government,
which required a distribution of benefits as well
as of burdens, would enforce the policy of dis-
tributing the expenditures of the Government
wherever it can be done without injury to the
public service. The West has long petitioned
for an armory; the South would be benefited by
one also; and the colonel of ordnance has re-
commended both. He has also recommended an
arsenal in each State in which there is not now
ono; and ho has recommended depots for arms
and munitions of war, in addition to the arsenals,
in some of the exposed or peculiarly situated
States. He has also recommended an ample
fabrication of arms for,the militia of the States,
with field artillery and swords and pistols. All
these recommendations are of the highest mo-
ment; and the whole of them accord with that
principle, and tend to give effect to that policy
which looks to an armed population for the prin-
cipal defense of their country and their liberties.
The second branch of the military defense
which Mr. B. took up was that from the en-
gineer department, embracing the fortifications.
He showed that the sum of $31,560,000 was
estimated by the engineer department for com-
pleting the system of fortifications planned and re-
ported by the Military and Naval Board, in their
reports of 1821 and 1826. This was the sum, he
said, which would yet be required for completing
the system then planned; but the present Secre-
tary of War, Governor Cass, in the report just
made, dissents from that plan in some particulars,
and recommends the organization of a board of
officers further to examine into the subject of
fortifications; and President Jackson, in his mes-
sage covering the Secretary's report, expressly
concurs with him in the particulars in which the
Secretary dissents from the system heretofore
recommended by the board and engineer de-
partment.
The points of dissent (Mr. B. said) were
principally to the magnitude of some of the
large fortifications, and to the erection of forts at
roadsteads and anchorages, which did not cover
towns or inlets.
As an exemplification of his ideas, the Secretary
mentions Fortress Monroe, at Old Point Com-
fort, which covers sixty-three acres of ground,
and would require an armament of four hundred
and twelve pieces of cannon, and which is already
built. At page 12 of his report, the Secretary gave .
his reasons fully and distinctly for objecting to the
magnitude of this work, and which he (Mr. B.)
would recommend every Senator and every citi-
zen to read. The Secretary also objects to the
magnitude of a fort projected at Newport, Rhode
Island, and which might cover twqnty acres,
and gives his reasons at page 14.
Mr. B. considered his own opinions of very
little moment, but thought his position might
make it proper to declare it; he was, therefore,
free to say that he concurred with the Secretary
in his objections to forts of this magnitude. The
plan for the works at New York were in part
questioned by the Secretary, and a reexamination
by a board of officers was recommended. The
plan of defense from the engineer department
recommends three classes of works for the secu-
rity of that great emporium: 1. An exterior class
for the protection of the harbor; 2. An interior
harbor to shut up Raritan bay; 3. Another to
prevent a hostile fleet from approaching the city
through the Sound. Of the first class, the Sec-
retary says: " Its importance cannot be doubted,'
(p. 13 of the report,) and recommends a reex-
amination of the other two classes, and looks
to steam batteries in aid of forts for important
effects.    His words are:
" The situation of New York afforda a fine theater for
the operauon of floating batteries; aud whether a sufficient
number of them would secure it from the designs of an
enemy better than the full completion of the extensive sys-
tem of permanent fortifications recommended, is a question
deserving investigation.   Such an investigation I reeom-
Senate.
mend; and after ail the necessary facts and considerations
are presented, the Government should proceed to placa
tins commercial metropolis of the country in a state oí
seeunty."
As an illustration of his ideas on the policy of
fortifying roadsteads or anchorages to prevent an
enemy from occupying them, the Secretary men-
tions Mount Desert Island, in the State of Maine,
and thus expresses himself:
" It will be perceived, also, that it is proposed to fortify
Mount Desert Island, on the coast of Maine, and that the
expense is estimated at $500,000, and the number of the
garrison competent to maintain it, at one thousand men.
This proposition is rounded, not on the value of this harbor
to us, for it possesses little, and is, in effect, unoccupied,
but on account of its importance to the enemy. Were
there no other secure position they could occupy in that
quarter, and which could not be defended, I should think
the views submitted upon this branch of the subject enti-
tled to great weight. But there are many indentations
upon this coast, affording safe anchorage, and which are
either not capable of being defended, or, from their great
number, would involve an enormous expense, which no
sound views of the subject could justify. An enemy, there-
fore, cannot be deprived of the means of stationing himself
upon this coast. And before tins expenditure at Mount
Desert Island is encountered, it ought to be clearly ascer-
tained that the difference, in its practical advantages to an
enemy, between the occupation of Mount Desert Island
and that of some of the other roadsteads in this quarter
incapable of defense, would be sufliciently great to war-
rant this measure. My present impression is that it would
not.
" And on the subject of roadsteads, generally, with a few
exceptions, depending on their local positions, I am in-
clined to the opinion that any attempt to fortify them would
be injudicious. I do not speak of harbors and inlets which
are occupied by cities and towns, but of mere anchorage
grounds, deriving their value from the shelter they afford.
If all could be defended, and an enemy excluded from
them, the advantages would justify any reasonable expend-
iture. But this is impracticable; and I doubt whether the
circumstances in which most of them differ, give such
marked superiority to those we can defend over those w 
cannot, as to lead to any attempt to fortify them, in the first
instance, and to maintain garrisons in them during a war.
" I have adverted to these particular cases, in order to
present my views more distinctly than I could do by mere
general observations; certainly, not from the remotest
design of criticising the reports and the labors of the able
professional men to whom the subject has been referred,
nor of pursuing the investigation into any further detail.
" I consider the duty of the Government to afford ade-
quate protection to the sea-coast a subject of paramount
obligation; and I believe we are called upon by every con-
sideration of policy to push the necessary arrangements
as rapidly as the circumstances of the country and the
proper execution of the work will allow. I think every
town, large enough to tempt the cupidity of an enemy,
should be defended by works fixed or floating, suited to its
local position, and sufliciently extensive to resist such at-
tempts as would probably be made against it. There will,
of course, after laying down such a general rule, be much
latitude of discreuon in its application. Upon this branch
of the subject, I would give to the opinion of the engineer
officers great and almost controlling weight, after the proper
limitations are established. These relate, principally, to
the magnitude of the works; and if I am correct in the
views I have taken of this branch of the subject, a change
in the system proposed is necessary."
Having shown the points at which he dissented
from the plan of fortifications heretofore project-
ed, the Secretary is equally explicit in snowing
wherein he approves of it.    At page 21, he says:
"I think all the defensive works now in the process of
construction should be finished, agreeably to the plans upon
which they have been projected.
" All the harbors and inlets ujkhi the coast, where there
are cities or towns whose situation and importance create
just apprehension of attack, and particularly where we
I have public naval establishments, should be defended by
works proportioned to any exigency that may probably
arise."
On the subject of steam batteries, in aid of for-
tifications, the Secretary concurs with the board
of 1821 and 1826, and with the engineer depart-
ment, and recommends (p. 23) that—
" Provision should be made for the necessary experiments
to test the superiority of the various plans that may be
offered for the construction and use of steam-batteries; I
mean batteries to be employed as accessories in the defense
of the harbors and inlets, and in aid of the permanent for-
tifications."
The Secretary urgently recommends the re-
organization of a board of officers to examine the
subject of the proposed fortifications generally,
and the vigorous prosecution of the works re-
solved on, with an appropriation at once for the
whole amount of the fort, to be drawn out an-
nually, as needed, and in sums fixed by law.
Here are his recommendations:
"I think that, when the plan of a work has been ap-
proved by Congress, and its construction authorised, the
whole appropriation should be made at once, to be drawn
from the Treasury in annual installments, to be fixed by the
law This mode of appropriation would remedy much or
the uiconvenience which has been felt for years in this
