298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
branch of the public service. The uncertainty respecting
the appropriations annually deranees the business, and the
delav which biennially takes place in the passage of the
necessary law reduces the alternate season of operations
to a comparatively short period. An exact inquiry into the
effect which the present system of making the appropria-
tions has had upon the expense of the works, would prob-
ably exhibit an amount far greater than is generally antici-
pated."
The increase of the corps of engineers, for
which the Senate has twice passed a bill, is also
strongly recommended by him.    He says:
'•The corps of engineers should be increased. The rea-
sons for this measure have been heretofore submitted, and
the proposition has been recommended by you to Congress.
I will merely add. upon the present occasion, that the
officers of this corps are not sufficiently numerous for the
performance of the duties committed to them; and that if
an augmentation does not take place, the public interest
will suffer in a degree far beyond the value of any pecu-
niary considerauon connected with this increase."
With respect to the two bills now depending
for fortifications, he is explicit in recommending
the apeedy passage of the one which contains
appropriations for completing works now in pro-
gress, and for passing the other with the excep-
tion of seven forts which he names, and proposes
to be deferred until a further examination can be
made of their sites and plans. These are his
words:
"There are two bills for fortifications now pending
before Congress. One before the House, amounting to
§2.180,000, and intended to prosecute works already actu-
ally commenced. The estimates for this bill may therefore
be considered necessary in themselves, under any view of
the general subject, and not unreasonable in amount for the
present year, because they include the operations of two
yean. The incidental expenses, however, may be safely
reduced one half, as it will not be necessary to make such
extensive repairs as were considered requisite when the
estimates were prepared.
" The bill pending before the Senate contains appropri-
ations for nineteen new works, and for the sum of if600,000,
to be expended for steam batteries. The estimates on
which this bill was founded were prepared at a time when
prudence required that arrangements should be made for a
different state of things from tbat which now exists. An
examination of the general system of defense was not then
expedient; and the means of protecting the most exposed
points, agreeably to information previously collected, were
asked of Congress. It was no time then to stop, and, in-
stead of prosecuting established plans vigorously, to lose
the period of action by surveys, and examinations, and
discussions. But the opportunity is now afforded, without
danger to the public interest, of applying the principles
suggested to the works under consideration.
" Itcannot be doubted but that fortifications at the follow-
ing places enumerated in this bill will be necessary:
" At Penobscot bay, for the protection of Bangor, fcc; at
Kennebec river; at Portland; at Portsmouth , at Salem ;
at New Bedford ; at New London ; upon Stat en Island ;
at Sollers'Flats ; a redoubt on Federal Point; for the Bar-
ancas; for Fort St. Philip.
" These proposed works all command the approach to
places sufficiently important to justify their construction
under any circumstances tbat will probably exist. I think,
therefore, that the public interest would be promoted by
the passage of the necessary appropriations for them. As
soon as these are made, such of these positions as may ap-
pear to require it can be examined, and the form and ex-
tent of the works adapted to existing circumstances, if any
change be desirable. The construction of those not needing
examination can commence immediately, and that of the
others as soon as the plans are determined upon. By this
proceeding, therefore, a season may be saved in the opera-
tions."
The western and northwestern frontier has re-
ceived the particular attention of the Secretary,
both in the present report and in one previously
made, recommending an increase of the Army and
the addition of rifle and light infantry troops.
That frontier requires great attention. It is one
of extreme length, and open to the incursion of
numerous tribes of Indians. It extends from the
Gulf of Mexico to the Wisconsin, and to the
outlet of Lake Superior. The Indians upon it,
or in striking distance of it, including those in-
tended to be removed by the Government as well
as those actually removed, amount to two hun-
dred and fifty thousand souls, which, at the usual
proportion of men bearing arms in Indian tribes,
one to five, would give about fifty thousand war-
riors. To the incursions of all this mass of In-
dians, the western and northwestern frontier is,
so far as the Federal Government is concerned,
almost entirely open and defenseless. The few
troops in that quarter, too few at any time, have
been called to the Texas frontier, and the people
for the present are left upon their own resources.
Governor Cass has proposed an adequate, appro-
priate, and permanent defense for this extended
and important frontier.    He says:
" I had the honor, in a communication to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate, dated
February 19,1836, a copy of which was sent to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs of the House of
Representatives, to suggest the mode best adapted, in my
opinion, to secure our frontier against the depredations of
the Indians. The basis of the plan was the establishment
of a road from some point upon the Upper Mississippi to
lied river, passing west of Missouri and Arkansas, and the
construction of posts in proper situations along it. I think
the ordinary mode of construction ought not to bo departed
from. Stockaded forts, with log blockhouses, have been
found fully sufficient for all the purposes of defense against
Indians. They may he built speedily, with little expense;
and, when necessary, by the labor of the troops. Our In-
dian boundary has heretofore been a receding, nota station-
ary one, and much of it is yet of this character. And even
where we have planted the Indians who have been removed,
and guarantied their permanent occupation of the posses-
sions assigned to them, we may find it necessary, in the
redemption of the pledge we have given to protect them, to
establish posts upon their exterior boundary, and thus pre-
vent collisions between them and the ruder indigenous tribes
of that region. I think, therefore, that no works of a more
permanent character than these should be constructed upon
our Indian frontier. A cordon established at proper dis-
tances upon such a road, with the requisite means of oper-
ation deposited in the posts, and with competent garrisons
to occupy them, would probably afford greater security to
the advanced settlements than any other measures in onr
power. The dragoons should be kept in motion along it
during the open season of the year, when Indian dis-
turbances are most tobe apprehended, and their presence
and facility of movement would tend powerfnlly to restrain
the predatory disposition of the Indians ; and if any suddPn
impulse should operate or drive them into hostilities, the
means of assembling a strong force, with all necessary sup-
plies, would be at hand. Arid as circumstances permit, the
posts in the Indian country, now in the rear of this proposed
line of operations, should be abandoned, and the garrisons
transferred to it."
Mr. B. said that the reports from which he had
read, taken together, presented a complete system
[ of preparation for the national defense; every arm
| and branch of defense were to be provided for;
¡ an increase of the Navy, including   steamships;
i appropriate fortifications, including steam bat-
teries; armories,founderies, arsenals, with ample
! supplies of arms and munitions of war; an m-
: crease of troops for the West and Northwest; a
line of posts and a military road from the Red
; river to the Wisconsin, in the rear of the settle-
ments, and mounted dragoons to scour the coun-
try; every thing was considered; all was reduced
to system, and a general, adequate, and appro-
priate plan of national defense was presented,
i sufficient to absorb all the surplus revenue, and
wanting nothing but the vote of Congress to
carry it into effect. In this great system of na-
tional defense, the whole Union was equally in-
terested; for the country, in all that concerned
] its defenses, was but a unit, and  every section
j was interested  in the defense  of every other
section, and every individual  citizen was inter-
ested in the defense of the whole population. It
was in vain to say that the Navy was on the sea,
and the fortifications on the sea-board, and that
the citizens in the interior States, or in the valley
of the Mississippi, had no interest  in  these re-
mote defenses.   Such an idea was mistaken and
delusive.    The  inhabitant  of Missouri and of '
Indiana had a direct interest in keeping open the
mouths  of the  rivers,  defending  the   sea-port
towns, and preserving a naval force that would
protect the produce of his labor in crossing the
ocean, and arriving safely in  foreign markets. ¡
All  the  forts  at  the   mouth of the^Mississippi
were just as much for the benefit of the west-
ern  States, as if those States wer-e down at the
mouth of that river.    So of all the  forts on the ,
Gulf of Mexico.     Five forts are completed in ]
the delta of the Mississippi; two are completed
on the Florida or Alabama coast; and seven or
eight more are  projected; all  calculated to give
security to western commerce in passing through i
the Gulf of Mexico.   Much had been done for |
that frontier, but more remained to be done; and '
among the great works contemplated in  that |
quarter were- large establishments at Pensacola, !
Key West, or the  Dry Tortugas.    Large mili-
tary and  naval stations were  contemplated at
these points; and no expenditure or preparations
could exceed in amount the magnitude of the in-
terests to be protected.    On the Atlantic board
the commerce of the States found its way to the
ocean through many outlets from Maine to Flor-
ida; in  the west, on  the contrary, the  whole
commerce of the valley of the  Mississippi, all
that of the Alabama,  of western Florida, and
some part of Georgia, passes through a single
outlet, and reaches the ocean by passing between
Key West and Cuba.
Here, then, is an immense commerce collected
into one channel, compressed into one line and
passing, ns it were," through one gate. This
gives to Key West and the Dry Tortugas an im-
portance hardly possessed by any point on the
globe; for besides commanding the commerce of
the entire West, it will also command that of
Mexico, of the West Indies, of the Carribean
sea, and of South America down to the middle
of that continent at its most eastern projection,
Cape Roque. To understand the cause of all
this, (Mr. R said,) it was necessary to look to
the trade winds, which, blowing across the At-
lantic between the tropics, strike'the South Amer-
ican continent at Cape Roque, follow the retreat-
ing coast of that continent up to the Carribean
sea, and to the Gulf of Mexico, creating the Gulf
stream as they go, and by the combined effect of
a current in the air and in the water, sweeping
all vessels from this side of Cape Roque into its
stream, carrying them round west of Cuba and
bringing them out between Key West and the
Havana. These two positions, then, constitute
the gate through which everything must pass
that comes from the valley of the Mississippi,
from Mexko> and from South America as low
down as Cape Roque. As the masters of the
Mississippi we should be able to predominate in
the Gulf of Mexico, and to do so we must have
treat establishments at Key West and Pensacola.
uch establishments are now proposed; and every
citizen of the West should look upon them as
the guardians of his own immediate interests, the
indispensable safeguard to his own commerce,
and to him the highest, most sacred, and most
beneficial object to which surplus revenue could
be applied. The Gulf of Mexico should be con-
sidered as theestuary of the Mississippi. A naval
and military supremacy should be established in
that Gulf, cost what it might; for without that
supremacy the commerce of the entire West
would lie at the mercy of the fleets and priva-
teers of inimical powers.
Mr. B. returned to the immediate object of his
remarks—to the object of showing that the de-
fenses of the country would absorb every surplus
dollar that would ever be found in the Treasury-
He recapitulated the aggregates of those heads
of expenditure; for the Navy, about forty millions
of dollars, embracing the increase of the Navy,
navy-yards, ordnance, and repairs of vessels for
a series of years; for fortifications, about thirty
millions, reported by the engineer department,
and which sum, after reducing the size of some
of the largest class of forts, not yet commenced,
would still be large enough, with the sum reported
by the Ordnance Department, amounting to near
thirty millions, to make a totality not much less
than one hundred millions, and far more than
sufficient to swallow up all the surpluses which
will ever be found to exist in the Treasury.
Even after deducting much from these estimates,
the remainder will still go beyond any surplus
that will actually be found. Every person knows
that the present year is no criterion for estimat-
ing the revenue; excess of paper issues has inflated
all business, and led to excess in all branches of
the revenue; next year it will be down, and
soon fall as much below the usual level as it now
is above it. More than that; what is now called
a surplus in the Treasury is no surplus, but a
mere accumulation for want of passing the appro-
priation bills. The whole of it is pledged to the
bills which are piled upon our tables, and which
we cannot get passed; for the Opposition is strong
enough to arrest the appropriations—to dam up
the money in the Treasury, and then call that a
surplus which would now be in a course of ex-
penditure, if the necessary appropriation bills
could be passed.
The public defenses will require near one hun-
dred millions of dollars; the annual amount re-
quired for these defenses alone amount to thirteen
or fourteen millions. The engineer department
answers explicitly that it can beneficially expend
six millions of dollars annually; the ordnance that
it can beneficially expend three millions; the
Navy that it can beneficially expend several mil-
lions; and all this for a series of years. This dis-
tribution bill has five years to run, and in that
time, if the money is applied to defense instead
of distribution, the great work of national defense
