300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hatner.
Ho. op Reps.
guilty of a crime, and that he was so influential
that lie could not be reached by the ordinary forms ¡
of law in court, and therefore we are asked to
pass a bill of attainder: ought we to receive the
petition ; Suppose a petition to ask us to pass a
law to prohibit any member of this body from
makimr a speech against the prayer of the peti-
tioners; would we receive it ? Suppose a petition
to be offered asking us to establish a particular
rcheion in this District, or to prohibit any publi-
cation in a newspaper on the subject of abolishing
slaverv, unless it was previously approved of by
a committee: would we, ought we, to receive any
such petition? I think, most certainly, we ought
not. But suppose we have the power, is there
anv Senator who believes we ought to exercise it?
1 trust not. Those who urge the reception of this
petition, which is from the Society of Friends,
have spoken most highly of the petitioners and
the class of citizens to which they belong. In all
this I cheerfully concur. These particular per-
sons are strangers to me. I doubt not the purity
of their motives; the sect to which they belong is
worthy of all the encomiums passed upon it. I
respect and esteem them most highly, and do not
feel that in my composition there is a particle of
unkindness towards them; but I think they would
have us do that which we have no power to do,
and if we had the power, by exercising it we
should do infinite mischief. This these petitioners
do not desire. They have discharged what they
think is their duty by having their petitions pre-
sented; I only discharge mine when I say, consist-
ently with what I feel to be my duty, I cannot
receive them.
But it is further insisted that the right of peti-
tion is a sacred one, that belongs to the nature
of free government, and existed before the for-
mation of our Constitution, and that instrument
did not give the right to petition, but intended
only to secure it. This is sound doctrine, and
has my hearty assent. The people are sovereign;
members are their agents or servants; they have
a right to make known their grievances, real or
imaginary. We can pass no late, we can make
no rule to abridge or destroy that right. But
what do gentlemen mean when they speak of the
right of petition? Do they mean that, when the
petition is presented, we must receive it, and do
that which is prayed for? No. Not one mem-
ber contended for this ; so far from it, they say,
that if the language of the petitioner is disrespect-
ful to the body, or to any member of it, we may
and ought to refuse to receive it.
How is this ? I beg that we may reflect seri-
ously upon this matter. We are about to estab-
lish a doctrine to which I can never yield my
assent. Are we to be exalted above our em-
ployers ? Is our dignity to be of a higher con-
sideration than the property and lives of those
who send us here? If a petition contains matter
charging disgraceful conduct on the Senate, or
any of its members, we may not receive it; but if
it contains matter which is to destroy the slave
property in this District, and in eleven States of
this Union, and also to endanger the lives and
dwellings of every citizen within their limits, we are
bound to receive it. This is the doctrine con-
tained in the arguments. I deny that there is any
such distinction to be found in a single feature of
our political institutions. The truth is, we have
the power, in both instances, to refuse to receive
the petitions, but in exercising it, when we our-
selves only are assailed, we ought always to act
most liberalhf in receiving-, but where the safety,
the lives, and the property of our masters are con-
cerned, we have no right to exercise the same
liberality.
With great deference for the opinions of others,
I think the force of their whole argument rests
on a plain mistake. They argue as if we neve,
became acquainted with the contents of a petitionr
or could consider and decide upon its merits until
after it is received. This is most clearly not
correct. What we have been doing for the last
few weeks is full proof of it. These petitions
have been publicly read; their merits and tend-
ency, and our powers to abolish slavery have
been long under discussion; has any man denied
our right to do so? Not one; the only doubt
suggested is, whether it was prudent to adopt
this course?
By the twenty-fourth rule, when a petition is
presented, the member must briefly state its con-
tents, and what the petitioners wish should be
done. He then asks that the petition may be re-
ceived, and specifies what he wishes to be done
with it after it is received. If no member objects,
for the purpose of saving time, it is received and
disposed of without formally propounding the
question of reception; but if any member objects,
he may call for the reading, and then urge his
reasons why it should not be received. This rule
establishes no new doctrine; it is founded in good
sens^ is perfectly consistent with the right of
Í>etition, and is laid down as the correct practice
>v Mr. Jefferson, in his Manual, at 5>age 140.
What is the right of the petitioner? It consists
in his having free permission to make known to
Congress what he esteems a grievance, and to ask
them to provide a remedy. When his petition
is presented, the duty of Congress commences.
That consists in the members making themselves
acquainted with the contents of the petition, and
granting its prayer, if it be just and consistent
with the public interest, or in refusing to receive
the petition, or making some other disposition
of it, which, in their judgment, will more con-
duce to the good of the community. When we
refuse to receive a petition, we no more destroy or
impair the right of petition, than we do when we
receive the petition and lay it upon the table, or
reject the prayer of it, or refer it to a committee,
who reports that it is unreasonable, and ought
not to be granted. In each of these cases, the
complaint of the petitioner has been heard, con-
sidered, and decided on. In neither instance has
he obtained a redress for what he supposed a
grievance, but each leaves him equally at liberty
to renew his petition at any subsequent period.
Four modes have been suggested by which to
dispose of this and all others on the same sub-
ject.
The first we have been considering, and is to
refuse to receive it.
The second is to receive them, lay them on the
table, and there let them lie.
The third is to receive them, and then instantly
reject the prayer of the petitioners..
The fourth is to receive them, refer them to a
committee, and let that committee make a report
upon them.
I prefer the first, because, when we refuse to
receive the petitions, they are returned to those
who sent them, and it will most strongly dis-
countenance all hope that Congress ever can, or
ever ought to, pass any law upon the subject to
which they refer. In each of the other three we
retain the petitions, place them on our files, in
the custody of our officer, and at any subsequent
session they are here, and it will be competent
for any member to move their reference to a
committee: whereas, if returned to the petitioners,
if they ever again make their appearance, it must
be by their being resent and represented. I think
that plan is the most advisable, and will be most
likely to calm the disturbance in the slave States,
which will most strongly manifest to all, in every
quarter, that Congress will not interfere with
slavery as it exists in the States and in this Dis-
trict.
If these petitions are received, I then think the
disposition of them proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania the next best, that is, immediately
| to reject their prayer.    This would be far prefer-
! able to laying them silently on the table, without
i expressing any opinion whatever.
There is another aspect in which this question
j may be viewed, that has had great influence on
my own mind. Congress sits here as the Legis-
lature of the whole Union, and also as the only
, Legislature for the local concerns of the District of
i Columbia. These petitions do not ask us to make
a general law, operating throughout the whole
Union, but a law, the operations of which are to
be spent entirely upon property within the ten
miles square. Now, if we were in form, as well
as in substance, a local Legislature when acting
on this question, which gentlemen say is to affect
slavery in the District, and nowhere else, would
we be bound to receive these petitions ? No
more than we are bound to receive petitions
from France or Germany. Would gentlemen, if
sitting as members of the Legislature of Alabama,
feel bound to receive petitions from citizens of
Maine or Pennsylvania to emancipate slaves with-
in their own State ? Assuredly not. If that be
so, is it not most reasonable, when we are called
upon to pass an act confined exclusively to this
District, that we should conduct towards the
people here as if in this matter they were our
constituents? Will it not be time enough to re-
ceive petitions on this subject when they are pre-
sented on behalf of those upon whose property
alone it is said the law would operate?
Honorable Senators have told us there are two
classes of Abolitionists, and that public opinion
will soon put down the mischievous class, which is
small in numbers. Gentlemen, I doubt not, think
as they say. All we know is, that our peace
has been very much disturbed by them, whether
few or many. Their newspapers, their pam-
phlets, and pictorial representations have been
plenty. They have come to us through the mail,
and by other means, in great abundance; and, if
we are to live together as one people, they must
stop. It is vain to reason with people about the
liberty of speech and of the press, when their
lives are put at hazard. When the domestic cir-
cle is invaded; when a man is afraid to eat his
provisions, lest his cook has been prevailed on
to mix poison with his food, or dare not go to
sleep, lest the servants will cut the throats of
himself, his wife, and children before he awakes,
he will not endure it; and when he can lay hands
upon those who prompt to such deeds of mis-
chief, he will not wait for the ordinary forms of
law to redress him. He takes the law into his
own hands, and everything which accustoms us
to violate the law is a serious evil in a country as
free as ours, where the laws should govern.
| The honorable Senator from Mississippi has
, shown us something of the feelings of his State,
which has suffered much. In mine, when we
first heard of punishing persons in Mississippi
without legal trial, we thought it all wrong, and
some of our leading newspapers courteously
found fault with it. Their columns were not long
dry until one of these distributors af Abolition
pamphlets was found in our most populous and
respectable city, and an assemblage of our most
orderly and discreet citizens immediately resorted
for redress to the same summary process which
had been used in our sister State. Public opinion
may have done something on this subject. I
know of only one attempt to establish a press
for such publications in any slaveholding State.
The neighbors of the gentleman informed him
that his press would be productive of mischief,
and he must not establish it in their town; he
answered that he held it a high duty, which he
could not dispense with, to proceed, and he would
do so. They replied, if he did, they would con-
sider it their duty to demolish his building, and
sow his types, broadcast, in the streets. This
manifestation of public opinion he respected. He
knew that those with whom he had to deal would
keep their word. He desisted, retired to a neigh-
boring State, where, as I have understood, he is
now publishing his paper.
1 beg gentlemen to consider that it is of no con-
sequence to us whether Abolitionists, in their
States, are many or few; their publications are
numerous; they have already produced much mis-
chief, which, if persisted in, must end in conse-
quences to be forever regretted by us all. For
myself, on the subject of the disposition we may-
make of these petitions, I can have no other wish
than that it may be such as will most tend to allay
excitement, and restore that harmony which is so
essential to the common interest of our whole
country.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. L. HAMER,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 26, 1836,
On the Contested Election from North Carolina,
between David Newland and James Graham.
Mr HAMER addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: A number of gentlemen in the
course of this discussion have expressed their
