1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hatner.
Ho. of Reps.
surprise at the sentiments which have been ad-
vanced by others, in reference to the points in-
volved in this controversy. I must be permitted
to express my surprise at the sentiments which
those gentlemen have themselves maintained.
We are gravely told that we are sitting in a judi-
cial capacity, performing a solemn duty, and
bound to decide according to right and justice.
Whv, we are all aware of that, sir. One gentle-
man, however, inrorms us, that he does not con-
sider himself qualified to decide this question. I
believe I am not misrepresenting the gentleman.
I so understood him at the time, and I find it so
reported in one of the morning papers.
Mr.WISE rose toexplain. What he had said
was this: he did not consider himself " fit" to
decide this question, nor did he consider the gen-
tleman from Ohio " fit" to decide it.
Mr. HAMER said he had not then misunder-
stood the gentleman; he understood him at the
time to include all the members of the House as
unfit to decide the question. A great deal had
been said by that gentleman and others about
party influence upon a case like the present. It
is thought that we cannot adjudge between the
respective claimants without being governed by
this influence. It seemed from the opinions ex-
pressed by some gentlemen that this party influ-
ence, too, was all on one side. He would ask
any gentleman to look over the yeas and nays
taken in this case, or in the case of Moore and
Letcher, or in any other case of a contested elec-
tion in high party times, and he would then ap-
peal to his candor to say whether party consid-
erations influenced the dominant party alone.
Sir, (said he,) if any one attempts to sustain that
position, I apprehend he will find every import-
ant fact upon record tobe decidedly against him.
It would be sufficient to satisfy any one on this
point to turn to the votes given last week upon
the proposition to fix Thursday for the discus-
sion of this report of the Committee of Elections.
If gentlemen would talk about party, they might
there see which political party it was that voted,
lo a man, upon one side of a party line, and which
one it was that crossed that line. He held that
we ought not to be governed by party consider-
ations in such cases; and in that sentiment we
all seemed to agree. But, unfortunately, there
were parties in this, as well as in every other free
country, who professed one thing and practiced
another. It did appear strange, however, that,
after so much had been said upon the influence
of party, we should be informed by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] that both these
individuals, the sitting member and the petitioner,
are of one and the same political party.
Mr. WISE explained: He had spoken cau-
tiously and guardedly. He had understood that,
in their canvass before the people, both gentlemen
had avowed the same principles, but he knew
not what might have been the effect of the magi-
cian's wand since then.
Mr. HAMER did not know, personally, what
these gentlemen's political opinions might be,
with regard to the approaching presidential elec-
tion. He could only know from what he had
heard, that they were both of the same party,
and both opposed to him. If so, he (Mr. H.)
could have no party considerations to govern him;
nor could any other member of the House. Both
of them belonging to one party, their political
friends in the House would be voting between
two friends; and those who differed in sentiment
would be deeiding between two political oppo-
nents. So that, on all side  of the House, every
gentleman would be perfectly unbiased and im-
partial.
The Constitution of the United Slates, he re-
marked, made it our duty to decide this question.
By that instrument this House is made the judge
of the election and qualification of its own mem-
bers. And whether we were " fit" or unfit, in
the language of the gentleman from Virginia, he
would say to that gentleman, and to every other,
that it was our duty to examine ourselves and
prepare our minds, as far as poor human nature
would admit, to investigate this case fully, and
to determine it impartially. We owed it to our-
selves, to the parties interested, and to the coun-
try at large.
All who had spoken in debate had taken oc-
casion to comment upon the importance of this
case. In the views thus expressed he entirely
concurred. But whilst its importance to the
twelfth congressional district of North Carolina,
as well as to the whole country, had been con-
ceded on all hands, some gentlemen had contended
that the individuals claiming the seat have no
interest here. He dissented from this doctrine.
They had a deep interest; one of minor im-
portance, to be sure, to the interest which the
people of the district have; but still a deep and
abiding interest. Sir, (said he,) has not every
member on this floor an interest in the seat he
has here ? Is it not one of the most honorable
positions that can be occupied by mortal man ?
If not, why do gentlemen encounter so much
trouble, anxiety, abuse, and privation, to obtain
the privilege to sit here and deliberate upon the
welfare of our countrymen? Each one has a
right to his seat, derived from the suffrages of
his fellow-citizens; and each of these claimants
has an interest in this question, which he esti-
mates in proportion to the actual value of the
station which he claims, and his supposed chance
of success. We have a duty to discharge, then,
towards these gentlemen themselves, as well as
to the people of the district which they both as-
pire to represent.
He said there had been unreasonable delay in
the decision of this controversy. If we did not
proceed to dispose of such subjects with greater
dispatch, no one would be willing to contest an
election in this House. Contests of this descrip-
tion were always unpopular; there was a strong
feeling in the community against them; and this
was shown by the fact, that very generally, when
the question had been referred back to the peo-
ple, they had decided against the contestor. This
consideration, in connection with the great ex-
pense of collecting testimony, the time lost in ar-
ranging the case for presentation, the suspense
and anxiety attending the trial, and the delay and ,
expense of fpur or five months in Washington,
must necessarily deter almost any man hereafter
from a contest. We were, therefore, setting a
bad pretedent; for, if an individual obtained a
certificate of election, no matter whether by fraud
or accident, either in himself or others, he would
hold his seat and wrongfully represent the dis-
trict for two years; although, upon a fair and full
examination of the polls, all might be perfectly
satisfied that he was not entitled to a place on
that floor. It was wrong to throw any such ob-
stacles in the way of obtaining justice; and he
was sure no gentleman would knowingly con-
tribute to produce such a result.
It was certain, however, that there seemed to
be an unwillingness on the part of the House to
hear discussions of this kind. Itinterferred with
public business of much importance, which it was
supposed ought to take precedence of it; and it
frequently interfered with private bills, which
gentlemen were anxious to have passed. Besides
these difficulties, it required a study of dry de-
tails, of law and fact, which were exceedingly
uninteresting, and which many members were
disinclined to read; because they resided in other
States of the Union, and could feel no particular
interest in the points presented by these details.
In addition to all these considerations, a contest
like the present crowds out certain party debates,
connected with the presidential question, in
which some of us are anxious to engage, or are
very willing to hear. Under the influence of so
many unpropitious causes, it is almost impossible
for an individual to obtain a thorough, patient,
and early investigation of his claims to a seat on
this floor.
This was wrong. It was a question that re-
lated to the organization of the House itself—to
its very existence. It was in fact a question
whether we had a House of Representatives, and
if so, who composed it? It ought, therefore, to
be promptly acted upon and determined. No one
should be permitted to sit there and vote, unless
he had really been elected, and sent to do so by
the people of the district. Without such elec-
tion, his acts were not binding upon the country;
and the community would not acquiesce in the
legislation of unauthorized agents. A case might
be easily imagined where a law of the greatest
consequence should be carried through the House
by the single vote of one member, whose seat
might on the day following be declared vacant,
because he had not been duly elected, and had in
truth never been a member of that body. The
necessity, therefore, of speedy action must, he
thought, be apparent to all, and he trusted no
further delay would be allowed. Already had
four months elapsed since the subject was pre-
sented. The committee had reported some time
in February, and we had been one or two weeks
engaged in the discussion of preliminary points.
Had we decided a single question, orprogressed
a single step in the investigation ? We had not.
He was astonished that gentlemen should occupy
so much time in fighting upon the borders and
skirmishing along the frontiers. Why not come
up to the main question ? Why not advance to
the merits of the controversy, and not consume
week after week in debates about mere incidental
points, that could lead to no practical results?
On this morning, there had been presented a
series of resolutions by the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Rencher,} which it
was said would facilitate our investigations, and,
if adopted,'would show the country and posterity
upon what principles this case is decided. He
denied that such would be their effect. A part
of these propositions were mere truisms. Take,
for example, the first one, that" testimony taken
upon due notice will be received by the House."
All agree to this. But what is " 4m notice ? "
When we have adopted the resolution, we shall
be as ihr from * conclusion as we were before.
Every gentleman will have to determine for him-
self, when a deposition is presented, whether it
has been taken upon "due noticie;" and one will
determine that question in the affirmative, and
another in the negative, according to their re-
spective opinions of what is legal and reasonable
notice; so that nothing is gained by the adoption
Of the gentleman's resolution. Why then discuss
what nobody denies; or adopt that which cannot
furnish us the slightest assistance in the investi-
gation before us?
Others of these resolutions were sufficiently
definite as distinct propositions,'but as regarded
the final result of the contest they were wholly
vague and indefinite. He could not, therefore,
vote for them. They were calculated to mislead
the public mind as to the principles upon which
this caBe might be decided. He did not attribute
any such intention to the gentleman who moved
them; he only spoke of the character -and effect
of the resolutions themselves; he would show
why they were thus deceptive.
Upon the face of these resolutions, if they were
adopted by the House, and the first one should
be so construed as to let in the new testimony
now offered by the sitting member, he [Mr. Gra-
ham] would seem to be clearly and fairly elected
by a majority of the qualified voters of the dis-
trict; and yet he may not be so elected; and a
member of this House who votes for all these
propositions may honestly and properly vote to
admit the petitioner to a seat heie, in place of the
gentleman who now occupies it. This might
seem strange; but it was, nevertheless, true.
For the sake of illustration, he would suppose
a case. A and B have difficulties of a pecuniary
character, which they cannot Settle themselves,
and they refer them to three of their neighbors,
as arbitrators. A's account consists of three
items, of f 1,000 each. The first is a balance of
a book account, the second a balance or a prom-
issory note, and the third a balancé of the pur-
chase money of a tract of land, sold to B, all
of which, he contends, are justly due hrm. B,
on his part, denies the validity of these claims,
alleges they have all been paid, and claims a
balance of $5,000 as justly due him, on a fair
ettlement with A.
The arbitrators, after hearing all the testimony
and arguments, unanimously decide that B's ac-
counts are not established, and must be rejected.
They then take a vote separately upon A's three
items. The first one is rejected, C voting for,
and D and E against it; the second one is re-
jected, D voting for, and C and E against it; the
third is rejected, E voting for, and C and D
against it. Here would appear to be an end of
the case; but it is not so. A vote is then taken
upon the whol  of A's claim, and he is unani-
