302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. of Reps.
mously allowed and awarded $1,000 against B,
C allows him $1,000 on his book account, D a
like sum on the note, and E the same amount
upon the contract for land. Eacli one is per-
fectly satisfied that A is entitled to the $1,000;
upon this point they are unanimous; but each
one has his own particular reason for thinking
so; and each one arrives at the conclusion by his
own course of examination and comparison.
This (he said) was a case perfectly analogous to
the one before the Houae, and it was stated in
such o simple and concise form, that a child might
comprehend it. ;
But apply the same process to a contested elec-
tion. A, the sitting member, has a majority of
one vote, and B claims a majority of fifteen, in
this way: He alleges that two of A's votes were
given by aliens, two by minors, and two by non-
residents, and that the returns from a precinct or
township where A got arhajority of ten votes,
ought to be rejected, on account of the illegal
manner in which the election was conducted.
The subject is referred to a committee, and they
report that B's allegations are sustained, except
as to the precinct, the votes of whieh, in their
opinion, ought to be retained. They conclude
their report with resolutions, declaring that A is
not entitled to a seat, and that B is, having a ma-
jority of five of the whole number of qualified
Votes given in the congressional district.
The House,- composed of two hundred and
forty members* then proceed  to act upon the
sep trate propositions involved in the contestw The
first forty members called sustain the committee
as to the aliens, but the remaining two hundred
decide the votes to be good; the second class of
forty, members sustain the committee as to the
miners, but the first forty and the remaining one
hundred and .sixty reverse the decision of the
committee on that point; the third class of forty
members called, decide with the committee as to
the non-residents, but the first eighty and the
remaining one hundred and twenty are of a differ-
ent opinion; the fourth class of forty vote that
the precinct returns ought to be retained; but the
first one hundred and , twenty and the remaining
eighty decide that it should be rejected. Thus,
every decision of the committee upon these sev-
eral points is reversed; and there would seem-to
be a large majority of the House in favor of the
sitting member. But a vote would then be taken
upon the yuan question, the resolutions of the
committee, which were the results of their inves-
tigation. The classes of members who had been
in the minority upon each several proposition
were all composed of different and distinct indi-
viduals. The first cjass of forty would believe
A to be in a minority of o«e, on account of the
two aliens, and would vote against him; the sec-
ond class of forty would believe him to be in a
minority of one, on account of the two minors;
the third class of forty would believe him to be
in a minority of one, on account of the two non-
residents; and the fourth class of forty would
believe him in a minority of nine, on account of
the illegal votes counted for him in the precinct
or township, which ought to be rejected. These
four classes of forty each, making a majority of
two thirds of the House, would vote against the
sitting member, and thereby sustain the result
at which the committee had arrived; although the
same House, by votes of two hundred to forty,
had reversed all the different preliminary propo-
sitions which were to be found in the report.
The House would arrive at the same conclusion
as the committee; bat they did so by another
mode of reasonings precisely as a judge or juror
often decides a cause-in favor of a party, but for
reasons altogether variant from those assigned by
his advocate. We ought all meet at the same
point at the same time; but in traveling thither,
each one would take the" path that his own judg-
ment or his own fancy might dictate to him.
Was not this proper? Must not each gentleman
be allowed to examine and decide for himself?
Is he not bound to do so ? And is not the com-
mon result of all these examinations and deci-
sions, when thrown together, the judgment of
the House?
From this simple statement it must be apparent
to every gentleman, that all attempts to place
upon record our reasons for deciding this or any
other case must be utterly vain and fruitless. It
would involve members in seeming inconsisten-
cies, which would require continual explanations
to satisfy those who did not understand the whole
case. Ño plan could be devised by the wit of
man which would show precisely upon what
principle the House acted, in coming to a con-
clusion, except to allow each member to make a
speeoh, giving his views of the case at large, or to
offer a string of resolutions, presenting the entire
process of reasoning by which he arrived at the
result that his final vote might indicate to his con-
stituents. This would be utterly impossible. It
would, in the one case, consume the whole year
in making speeches; and in the other, increase the
Journal to an enormous bulk, for no reason could
be assigned why we should vote upon separate
propositions in contested elections, that did not
equally apply to all the other-.business of the
House. To carry out the principle, we. should
occupy the whole session in writing and printing
what nobody would read, to the exclusion of all
the important business of the country. Were
gentlemen prepared for this ? If -not, why did
they urge these doctrines upon the House with
so much zeal? How could this case be distin-
guished from any other? And yet, who ever
thought of asking us to vote in that manner upon
an appropriation for a particular harbor, light-
house, or fortification ? Who has ever required
us so to vote upon a bill to increase or diminish
the duties upon a particular article of com-
merce; to increase the Army or Navy; upon the
admission of new States into the Union, or upon
the allowance or rejection of a claim presented
by an individual? Such demands had never heen
heard of, and yet they were as applicable to the
one case as to the other. He was against them,
because they did not give a fair and impartial view
of the case. They were unjust in their operation.
Th y might be true as far as they went, and yet
they did not tell the whole truth. Whilst they
showed why some members voted in a particular
manner, they grossly misrepresented others, not
only by not showing why they voted differently,
but by implying reasons for their action which
did not exist. All this was manifested by the ar-
gument of the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] who had just addressed
the House. He disagreed both with the majority,
and with the minority of the committee upon
several points involved in this controversy. He
also differed with his colleague, who submitted
these resolutions. He took a view of the case,
which varied in some respects from any hereto-
fore taken; yet he had come to the conclusion
that Mr. Newland was entitled to a seat. So it
was with every member on the floor. Each one
would have his own peculiar views and mode of
reasoning to arrive át a result upon this subject.
Some would think one party elected, and some
the other; and some might believe that neither
was entitled to a-seat, and that the whole matter
should be sent back to the people. To do justice
to all alike, we must allow each one to present his
own views, and have them recorded. He was
therefore in favor of voting directly upon the main
question, without requiring each member to
evince, in detail, to the country, what might be
his opinions upon all the questions of law and
fact involved either in this or any similar contro-
versy.
The first point before the House for consider-
ation, after disposing of these resolutions, is,
shall the sitting member be allowed longer, time
to take testimony? To answer this inquiry, we
must ascertain why he is not ready now. Unless
some good reason can be given why he is un-
prepared, we ought not to admit a further delay.
What are the reasons? The principal one seems
to be, that between the period of his receiving
notice that the election would be contested, and
the commencement of the session, there was not
sufficient time to tako his testimony; that he was
under a " moral obligation" to come here as a
member of Congress; that he was not bound to
employ an agent to take depositions during the
session, because he has a right to be personally
present when they are taken; and therefore his
testimony has not been procured. Now, if this
be a correct view of the subject, longer time
should be allowed.   Let us see if it is so.
If he
under
were under a "moral obligation" to
come here at the commencement of the session
! he is under a " moral obligation1' to stay here
now. The obligation has not diminished. It ¡3
as strong at one period of the session as at
another. Yet he now asks the privilege of vio-
lating this supposed obligation, to go home and
take depositions. This is a singular position.
Or does he intend to remain here and transact
the business through agents? If so, this could
have been done as well at the commencement of
the session as at present. Why did he not leave
agents, when he came on here, to proceed in the
collection of evidence and the cross-examination
of the petitioner's witnesses? If that had been
done, he might have had all the evidence that
could have been obtained in the district, and
would now be perfectly prepared, according to
his own views of the case, to come to a final
hearing. Whose fault is it that he did not do
so? Not Mr. Newland's. Is the latter to suffer
on account of the other's neglect? This is not
just. Whilst we are so cautious about the rights
of one of the parties, we must remember that the
other has rights, too. Each one has an equal
claim to our protection; and before an order is
made to the prejudice of the one, we must be
satisfied that the other is fairly entitled to it upon
principles of equity.
But I deny that there was any such "moral
obligation "upon the sitting member,asis alleged.
We often deceive ourselves in discussing a sub-
ject, by taking things for granted which cannot
be proved, and which are not conceded by our
adversaries. It is said he was morally bound to
come here at the commencement of the session,
and therefore did not stay to take testimony in
the district. Why was he so bound ? Was it
because he was a member of Congress ? That
is denied, and is the very question we are about
to try. The petitioner says he is the member from
that district, and offers the proof to convince us
that such is the fact. How can gentlemen talk
about a moral obligation upon one of the parties
that does not rest upon the other? They stand
precisely upon the same ground with regard to
the seat; each one claiming it, and calling upon
the House to say who has the best title. True,
the sitting member has tempqrary possession of
the place, because he held a certificate of election;
but a certificate is only prima facie evidence, as the
lawyers call it, of a man's right to a seat. It is
not conclusive. Better evidence can be presented
than the certificate, and the petitioner informs us
he has that evidence. The fact, then, that the
sitting member hada certificate created no " moral
obligation" tocóme here. He knew his right to
the seat was contested, that evidence would be
presented here to overthrow his certificate, and
he was bound, if he intended to make a defense,
to stay himself or appoint an agent, and have his
proof collected to sustain his claim. If he did not
choose to do this, and should now lose by it, he
has no one to blame but himself. He cannot set
up a distinction, between the rights of himself and
the petitioner, to produce delay. It is a petitio
princepii, a begging of the question, to assume
this distinction, when the point thus assumed is
not only not admitted, but is peremptorily denied.
If he must be considered a member of Congress at
the commencement of the session, and therefore
not bound to defend his claim, merely because he
has a certificate, he ought, upon the same princi-
ple, to bé considered a member through every
period of the session; and he might claim to remain
here, notwithstanding the testimony may prove
that he ought never to have had a certificate.
Again: it is urged that time shall be allowed,
because he relied upon his protest, and expected
the petitioner's testimony would be rejected.
This is not a tenable position. Gentlemen are
continually reminding us of the rules which pre-
vail in courts of law. In those tribunals every
man is bound to. know what the law is; and if
a party makes an issue upon a legal point, and
relics upon it for his defense, if the court should
decide it against him, he will not be allowed on
that account to delay the opposite party in a
trial upon the merits. If this pnncip e were
adopted, a continuance of the cause could at any
time be obtained by making a legal issue, Lpon
gentlemen's own principles, then, this is not a
