1836.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
24th Cong....1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Homer.
Ho. of Reps.
good reason for delay. The sitting member chose
to make a legal question, protesting against the
legality of the proceedings, and asking the com-
mittee to overrule all the petitioner's testimony;
but in the mean time he should have prepared
for trial. When the legal principle is decided
against him, he cannot expect the petitioner to
wait until he can go five or six hundred miles to
proc-
ure evidence to sustain his claims.    This
would be unreasonable, and cannot therefore be
granted. All judicial tribunals must have a time
when the doors are closed to the admission of
further evidence. Without such a rule, a trial
could never be had. Litigants would grow gray
during the pendency of their lawsuits, and the
proceeding would in fact amount to a denial of
jusüce. If the sitting member were dissatisfied
with the decision of the committee upon any
point, he should have appealed to the House. We
have the right to instruct our committees. They
are always under our control. A decision made
by them, overruling his protest, or refusing him
longer time to procure evidence, could have been
reviewed here and reversed, if we thought proper
to reverse it, the next day after1 it was made, as
well as now.
He made no such appeal, but submitted to the
decision, and there is no reason why we should
now interpose for his relief. It will not do to say
it is a hard case; that injustice will be done by
our refusal of time. The same may be said in
every case in court where the party wants time
granted, but has used no diligence to get ready
for trial. Neither will it do to say that the people
of the district demand longer time, as some gen-
tlemen have said during the discussion. Who
speaks the sentiments of the people ? Who is
the true representative of the people ? That is
what we are about to decide. Whilst one party
alleges that the people want more time, the other
says the people do not want it. - We must de-
cide, therefore, according to all the circumstances,
without reference to either of these declara-
tions.
We come now to the next point in this contro-
versy, which is the admissibility of the deposi-
tions which have arrived here since the decision
and report of the committee. To judge from the
zeal displayed by gentlemen to bring in these de-
positions as proof, we might conclude that the
whole case turned upon this hinge. Indeed it
seems to be tacitly admitted, that without their
reception, taking the case upon the testimony be-
fore the committee, there is a majority of the
legally qualified votes in favor of the' petitioner.
If this be so, we should examine and decide the
proposition to admit this new proof, with the
greater care and' caution. If its effect were only
to swell or diminish the majority of one of the
parties over the other, its admission or rejection
would be of comparatively little importance.
It has been rightly remarked, that we are acting
now as a judicial tribunal, and, as such, must be
governed by the rules adopted in those tribunals
for the administration of justice. We are not
bound by the inflexible rules of any particular
court; nor are we restrained or guided by any
law of Congress upon this subject; it is a matter
of serious regret that there is no law to regulate
these contests. Still, no one will deny that we
ought to be governed by the general principles
observed in all judicial bodies, which secure fair-
ness in the proceedings, and accomplish the ends
of justice in the result. The taking of depositions
is regulated in all the States, either by positive
statute, or by the rules and practice of the courts.
One great principle will be found to prevail uni-
versally, which is, that no undue advantage is to
be gained by either party over the other. In
every court, it will be found, that the opposite
party must either be notified of the time and
place of taking the depositions, so that he may be
present to cross-examine the witnesses, or else he
has time allowed him after they come in, to take
testimony to explain, rebut, or discredit the evi-
dence. The experience of succeeding ages has
shown the wisdom of these rules, and they ought
not to be lightly departed from, even in this
enlightened assembly. Depositions, to be legal,
must be taken before some person authorizedf to
•¿minister oaths; and as a general rule they must
be taken on sufficient notice, allowing something
like twenty-five miles a day to the adverse party,
Sundays excepted, to trave'l to the place of taking
them. In some places he is only required to
travel twenty miles per day. These general
rules, applied to the depositions before us, will
readily determine their admissibility.
They consist of two parcels; the first dated on
the 30th day of November, purporting to be taken
before L. Fullom and Charles Greer, at Buncombe
county; but what part of it is not known.
There was no cross-examination of these wit-
nesses by the petitioner or his counsel; no proof
that they were present. To render them admis-
sible, therefore, proof must be adduced that due
notice was given, and that the depositions were
taken pursuant to the notice, before some person
authorized to swear the witnesses. ' Both these
are wanting. There is no certificate or seal of, a
clerk of the court to show that the persons before
whom the examinations took place were justices
of the peace. Without this, the testimony could
not be admitted in any court in another State or
district: this it a fatal objection. The depositions
do not show, upon their face, where they were
taken, except that it was in Buncombe county.
This is also a fatal objection. Such papers
could not be admitted as proof anywhere in a
well ordered community* In fact they are not
only no depositions, but they are not ef en affida-
vits, and yet we are urged to hear them, for the
purpose of depriving an individual of one of his
dearest privileges, and of excluding from this
House a man said to be elected by the people as
their Representative.
How is it with the second parcel of deposi- 
tions ? They purport to have been taken in Febru-
ary last,dunngthe progress of this investigation,
and after the committee had decided against giv-
ing the parties longer time to take depositions:
These depositions are  inadmissible, because
, taken ex parte,—that is to say, without sufficient
I notice to the adversary.   A notice maybe given
! of the intention to take depositions, yet if it do
i not allow a reasonable time to go to the place of
1 taking them, or if it be given under circumstances
| which excuse the opposite party from attending,
the depositions cannot be used as evidence. There
is no better rule can   be adopted, than   that
which a man has himself prescribed in relation to
others.    The sittiag memberhas laid down a rule
on the subject of admissibility  of evidence in-
his protest, to which I willTéfer for'the purpose
of snowing what he considers ex parte deposi*
tions.    It may be found on pages 21 and 22 of
the report of the committee, and is as follows!
!     " I object particularly to all the depositions taken by the
¡ petitioner at Morgan Ion, Burke county, North Carolina, be-
¡ cause: 1st, They were taken ex parte; 2d, They were
i taken within a few days before the meeting of Congress,
I and after I vas obliged to leave home to attend to my public
dunes."
I Such is his view of the question._ By reference
to page 18 of the same document; it will be seen
that the minority'of the committee agree with him
in opinion. Speaking of the depositions taken at
Morganton, they say:
" A reference to the testimony will show that the sitting
member was not present either in person or by counsel;
or in other words, that the depositions are ex parte. The
sitting member acknowledges thai notice was served on Mm,
but he alleges that a moral obligation, growing out of the
relations in which he stood to his constituents, called him
to Washington, distant from his residence five hundred
miles, and that the friend on whom be relied, and to whom
he bad written, to act far him on mat occasion, was una-
voidably absent. He further alleges, that inasmuch as it
was physically impossible for him to have been at MOrgan-
ton on the 1st of December, and at Washington on the 7th,
points six hundred mile  apart, and as paramount duties
called him to the latter place, the option of attending ¿¿her
in person or by attorney was virtually denied him; which
option he contends ought to have been afforded him, in
order to stamp the depositions there taken with the char-
acter of legal evidence. The consequence of the non-at-
tendance of his agent was, that no cross-examination wat
had in the cases above referred to; and as the undersigned
have no just cause to impute laches to the sitting member,
in not attending himself, or being represented by counsel,
they have come to the conclusion that the depositions thus
taken ought to be rejected."
Here, then, is the rule laid down by the sitting
member, and by the minority, who advocate his
claim to a seat on this floor. Neither he nor they
can complain, if his testimony shall be tried by
the same rule.   It may be replied, that the major-
ity of the committee decided against them, and
admitted the depositions taken at Morganton.
No matter; that does not change the case at all.
Truth is inflexible. If the rule were good against
the petitioner, it is good for him. But besides
this, the minority and the sitting member still
adhere to their position. If they have changed
their ground, why do they not say so? If they
are for equal justice, why not contend for the
admission of these depositions in the alternative?
Why not say, that if the depositions atMorgan-
tort-are admitted, then these ought to be; but if
not, then they should be excluded ? I have heard
no such argument. On the contrary, gentlemen
are insisting absolutely upon reading these depo-
sitions, and expressing great astonishment that
any one should object to them. But to the
rule.
I have already shown that, so far as " moral
obligation" was concerned, these persons are up-
on a perfect equality. If the depositions taken
at Morganton were inadmissible, because the sit-
ting member was obliged to come here and take
his seat, then the depositions taken by him a 
Haywood county, in February last, during the
time the petitioner was compelled to stay here,
(if he did his duty,) are equally inadmissible.
The sitting member insists that he was not bound
to regard the notice served upon him to take de-
positions on the 1st December, because he had to
be here, under a paramount obligation, on the 7th
of the same month. By the same principle, the
petitioner was not bound to regard the notice
served upon him to take depositions at Haywood,
in February, when he was compelled, under a
paramount obligation, to remain here.prosecuting
his claims- to the seat which,he believes is his
right, and to which his antagonist is not properly
entitled. Each one presents the proof of his
claim; the sitting member a certificate of his
election, and the petitioner offers evidence to show
that the certificate ought to have been given to
him, he having a majority of the votes of the dis-
trict. The one creates just as strong a " moral
obligation" as the; other; for from the moment
a notice is given that an election is to be con-
testedj a certificate becomes valueless. This
House cares not who ha  the certificate} they
inquire who has a majority of the legal Yotes.
Whoever shows this in his favor is entitled to be
the representative. So that the notice was given
in this case under circumstances which, according
to the reasoning of the minority and the sitting
member, excused the petitioner from attendance,
and consequently the depositions are exporte and
inadmissible.
But the notice was insufficient in other respects.
A reasonable time must be allowed the party to
travel to the place of taking the depositions. Here
the distance is fixed by the sitting member at six
hundred miles from this place to the district in
which the testimony was taken. What time was
allowed to travel it ? The notice given was eleven
days.
[Here some gentleman remarked that it was
seventeen days. A copy of the notice was handed
to Mr. H., from which it appeared that deposi-
tions were to be taken at various places on differ-
ent days, commencing at the end of eleven or
twelve days, and going on to seventeen or twenty
days; aad it was remarked that none oUhete de-
positions were taken on the days first, named.]
Mr. H. continued. For the purposes of his
argument, it was perfectly immaterial whether
the depositions were taken on the first day named
or notf They were all to be taken in the same
region; and.the party had a right to be present
at the taking of them all, first as well as last. As
a sufficient time had .not been allowed him to
travel to the district before the commencement of
the examination, he was not bound to go at all.
How could he know that the sitting member
would not take testimony on the day first named i
He was bound to suppose he would take it, be-
cause the notice so declared. But even seventeen
or twenty days were not sufficient p.oUce. I wen-
tv-five miles a day for seventeen days, not de-
ducting Sundays, would only have taken him
four hundred and twenty-five miles. He would
still be one hundred miles from the district. 1 he
sitting member ought not to have asked a man to
