304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election?—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. of Reps.
travel fire or six hundred miles in the dead of
winter in twelve days, when he complained of a
notice given to him'in the district on the second
dav of November to take depositions on the first
of December. The testimony was illegal, there-
fore, and must be rejected for this defect, if there
were no other.
But (Mr. H. said) he took a still higher ground
with regard to it. The notice was given in open
violation of the decision of the committee, that no
longer time should be allowed to collect proofs.
Gentlemen had contended that the committee did
not decide that no more proof should be taken;
they only declared that no mott time should be
allowed to take it. He said he meant no disre-
spect to gentlemen in denouncing this distinction
as a mere sophism. When the committee de-
termined that no more time should be given, they
determined that the parties should commence the
trial—should begin the investigation immediately
with the proofs they had. How could they pro-
gress with the trial, and be absent at the saine
time, taking testimony ? Did they mean to allow
one party to entrap the other, by sending off
runners or agents for testimony, whilst the other
rested quietly with what he had-, making oat his
case before the committee í No such tiling. The
door was* closed. No more p*oof was to be ad-
mitted.- This is the only reasonable or sensible
construction to be given to the decision. If either
party was dissatisfied, an appeal lay to the House,
and the committee would have been instructed,
either to allow longer time, or to progress with
the investigation. The decision was submitted
to; and from that moment no proof obtained by
either party is legitimate.*
Various cases tiave been quoted from the pro-
ceedings of courts to show that -this evidence;
ought to be received. We have been told of a
motion to continue a cause on account of an absent
witness; the motion overruled, the trial com-
menced, and the witness unexpectedly appearing;
and we are asked, with an air of triumph, whether
the court would refuse to hear the witness? 1
answer, no. Another case is stated of a similar
motion for continuance, made on account of the.
absence of depositions regularly taken, which
were to be forwarded by mail, hut had notarrived.
The motion is overruled, the trial commences, and
during its progress the' depositions arrive; the
inquiry is made again, whether the court would
not allow them to be read? My answer is, that
in some courts they might be received, and irt
others not. It would depend upon the rules and
practice of the court, and the iffict the introduction
of the testimony would have, to takethe opposite
patty by surprise, and prevent him from having
a fair hearing. In some courts, depositions am
required to be filed a. certain number tif days be-
fore the commencement ef the term. But my
principal answer to both these, and to all the
cases 1 have heardyis, that there is not the slight-
est analogy between them and the caatfe before th«
House.
I will put a case which I think is analogous.
A motion is made by the defendant'for the con-
tinuance of a cause, alleging the absence of wit-
nesses, at the distance of one hundred miles,
whose testimony is necessary to him in the at-
tainment of justice. The court refuse his-appli-
cation, and the trial commences, which is-to last
a week. The next evening the defendant serves
a notice upon the plaintiff to attend at the resi-
dence of the witnesses, two day  thereaft«r,i(trav-*
eling fifty miles a day,) to hear the  examination.
Is there a Jawyev in this House, or á man of
commdn Sense m the-country,-who w4"wkl advise
the plaintiff to go ? Not one. Bui suppose the
defendant, by his agents, 'Were to procuré lh«
depositions, and bring them in during the trial;
would the court receive thorn ? Is there «.lawyer
here who would risk his professional reput*t*oá
by rising and asking the court to reéeive such
testimony? Sir, there is not one. If he wouldi,
there is no court in the United States who worald
listen to him for a moment. Such, in my esti>
mation, is the case now before the House? and
the same principles which would reject the one
set of depositions would equally reject the other.
What would be the eject of admitting this tes-
timony ?   It would be ruinous to the petitioner.
If the sitting member had intended to entrap him,
he could not have devised a surer plan to accom-
plish his object. I do not charge him with any
such design; nor do I intend, in anything I say
upon the present occasion, to impugn his mo-
tives; personally, he has my respect. I speak
only of the effect of his measures. In the first
instance, he refuses to continue the taking of
depositions, on account of a moral obligation to
come here. When the petitioner has followed
him here, he asks leave to go, or send back to
take more testimony. This is refused; and he
then leaps over the moral obligation, the decision
of the committee, and the distance of six hundred
miles, and requires the petitioner to recommence
the examination of witnesses. If testimony thus
taken can be received, the petitioner will be com-
pletely overreached and subjected to the greatest
wijustice.
Yet, after all this, we are told that the objec-
tions against these depositions are " mere techni-
calities !" The sitting member and his friends
say this too; when all of us who look at the
papers must see that he has been making tech-
nical objections from the commencement. He
objected to the notice of contest because it was
aot specific; it did not set out the names of the
witnesses, what they would swear, and the points
on whieh the petitioner would rely in the contest.
This no man could do, for it was impossible to
know beforehand what the witnesses would prove,
or what new facts might leak out during the con-
test. Again, he objected and protested against
receiving the depositions taken at Morganton,
because he had to come to Washington,' and
could nOt.be there "in penon;" although an
agent might have attended then as well as now.
Timely notice was given to him of taking them,
and no advantage sought for or obtained by the
petitioner. He could not anticipate that the sit-
ting member would not remain in the district to
take depositions in December. Indeed he was
bound to believe the contrary, for a notice had
been served upon him by the sitting member to
attend at Franklin on the 7th of December, to
cross-examine witnesses. After such a course
! i.t does not seem kind in him and his friends to
| talk so much about'' technicalities.'' But 1 have
' shown that the defects in this testimony are not
formal and technical; they are substantial, and
i such as no change of mere forms could possibly
¡ remove.
Gentlemen ask if we arte afraid of light ? I
answer, no ! but let the light shine upon both
áidefe; let it come down direct from above, and
not be forced to shine, upon one side; whilst the
ether is left in total darkness. We are asked
if we fear justice. No; it is the very thing we'
seek; but we'do not think it attainable by dis-'
regarding all the rules heretofore observed m its
administration; rules which are founded upon the
wisdom and experience of successive generations
of men, and jpplicitly followed in all similar in-
vestigations in the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try. Again; gentlemen inquire, if we do not be-
lieve the freemen of North Carolina will speak
the truth? I answer, yes; 1 have no doubt of it.
My regard for the freemen of North Carolina is
as high as that of any gentleman upon this floor;
and I would as soon receive their testimony as
the testimony of my own constituents, who, in
point of all that constitutes good citizens and
good patriots, are equal to any like number of
men in the United States. Rut I do not believe
that I ought to vibiate the Constitution or laws of
my country to receive any man's testimony.
When ithas been legally and properly taken, let
it fee received; when itf<sg«ify and improperly
taken, let it he rejected"., This question is to be
settled' withoHt.Teference to the character of the
wittnes , whether good or bad,t?r the State or
disftríeí in which he may fvsid-e. In this senti-i
Itoent I am sure the freemes of North Carolina
will most heartily concur.
There is Snotherquestion connected with these
depositions which ought not to be overlooked.
Somfegentlememafe of opinion, that if d majority
of the House should reject the testimony, yet
those who differ with the majority may read it
and beimiüeBced -by^it, in,coming to their con-
clusion  as to the conlest betweun the parties.
This is an erroneous opinion. As a judicial
body we must decide upen the admissibility of
proof when offered; and if it should be excluded
it cannot be heard by any member of the court.
Suppose a court of justice to be composed of
three judges, and two of them overruled a deposi-
tion because it has not been properly taken; can
the other judge, when he comes to give an opin-
ion upon the merits of the case, be governed by
what was contained in such deposition ? Clearly
not. It has not been before the court during the
discussion. Neither the parties nor their counsel
have commented upon or noticed it. The deci-
sion is made in reference to what has been be-
fore the court. The majority of the judges
themselves would decide the case differently, per-
haps, if the deposition had been admitted. A
majority must rule as well in deciding prelimi-
naries and incidental points as in determining the
main question; and when testimony is once re-
jected, it is no longer in court, and cannot be
regarded by any member of the court, no matter
how much he may be dissatisfied with the deci-
sion of the majority. The same principles apply
here; and if a majority should reject these depo-
sitions, no member of this court will have a right
to consider them in making a final decision be-
tween the sitting member and the petitioner.
Mr. Speaker, I had thought of examining the
facts of the case, and showing, as I think the truth
is, that the petitioner, is entitled to the seat, by
having a clear and decided majority of the legal
votes given at the election. But, as the evidence
has all been upen our tables for several weeks,
giving each one an opportunity to examine for
himself; as the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. McKay] has gone into it at large,
and as I have already detained the House a con-
siderable time, I shall decline doing so. I ought-
not to close, however, without saying a word or
two in reference to the case of Moore and Letcher t
so often adverted to in this debate.
Some gentlemen quote it as good authority upon
various points, whilst others think it ought not to
be regarded as deciding anything. It has been
said that the majority pf the committee reported
that Mr. Moore was entitled to the seat, and then
turned round and voted to send the contest back
to the people, because they could not tell who was
elected. Now, sir, I'was a member of the com-
mittee, and one of the majority who made that
report, I believed then, as I do now, that upon
a fair and impartial investigation of all the facta
of the case, and a proper application of the Con-
stitution and law to those facts, Thomas P. Moore
was duly elected. We reported accordingly.
But, after the subject had been discussed in th 
House for many days; after various decisions of
the House—some for and some against the de-
cisions of the committee; after seeing a majority
of the House declaring one vote to be good upon
certain testimony, and another bad, upon the
same state of facts, we voted for the resolution;
which referred the subjeGt back to the people.
What was that resolutjop } Did it declare that we
could not tell who was,elected ? No, sir, it did no
sueh thing. If it had been so worded as to con-
tain that sentiment, I never would have voted for
it; and I believe I am authorized, from conversan
tions'held both then and since, to say for my
colleagues who were on the committee, ¿hat not
ope of them would have vpted for it,
•It speak  of what the House can dp;.not what
particular individuals in the House bMwved. It,
speaks of the Hquse as a body¡, and not of-indi-
vidual members. We voted for that resolution r
because we-beliqved the House by its decisions
had thrown the case into such confusion—had
eross.ed its own track and ^nado such erroneous
and contradictory decisipris, that it was just as,
UkeJy to decide the case wrong as right. We be-
lieved it better, therefore, to send it directly back
to¡ the people at odcc, and let them do what they
pleased with it; and we voted for the resolution
under these impressions. Sp much for that case.
I rose chiefly to discuss three points; the pro-
priety of voting upon separate propositions; the
motion to grant the sitting member longer time to
take depositions, and the admissibility of the new-
testimony which has come in wnre the report ot
the committee.    Having shown, I think conclu-
