1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
sively that we ought not to vote on these separate
propositions; that no more time should be given,
and that the depositions are wholly inadmissible,
I cheerfully give way to other gentlemen who
are so anxious to obtain the floor.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY CLAY,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the Seíjatb, Jlpril 26, 1836,
Ob the bill for the distribution of the net proceed  of the
sales of the Public Lands, &c.
Mr. CLAY rose to address the Senate in sup-
port of the bill. He observed that more had been
already urged with great ability in its support by
those who had preceded him in debate, than was
necessary to convince even the most skeptical of
the great benefits to be derived from it; and had
he consulted the feelings both of that body and
of himself, he should have remained silent, acqui-
escing in what had been said in behalf of this
measure. But regarding it as one of great and
unmixed public good, conducive in all its results
to the benefit of this whole country, he could not
reconcile it to a sense of duty to leave the burden
of the argument on his friends, able as they had
shown themselves to be.
It was possible that he might, on this occasion,
present some views to the Senate that were new,
or that he might have the power to exhibit those
already offered in a new light, so as to induce a
more favorable opinion for what had not been
sufficiently considered. It was for this purpose, |
therefore, that he ventured to intrude upon the ¡
time of the Senate. His friend from New Jersey, ¡
who sat in front of him, [Mr. Southard,] had !
been reproached by the Senator from New York
[Mr. Wright] with having endeavored to create
alarm in the public mind, and to destroy its con-
fidence in the circulation of the pounty, at a mo-
ment when it was essential that the public property
should be rendered secure. The man who en-
deavored to disturb a just confidence deserved the
highest degree of reprobation; but his fault was
not greater than that committed by him who en-
deavored to inspire a confidence where confidence
was not due. He put it to gentlemen, whether
the sentinel at his post was most culpable who
concealed the approach of danger or the one who
announced it when it was not near. He would
not charge the Senator from New York with
treachery when he endeavpred to impress on the
public mind the belief that all was safe and pros-
perous, as that Senator had endeavored to do.
Still, the public treasure was not in such a.condi-
tion aa warranted the Senator in making such
representations; and if he could, he would inspire
him with one deep and constant apprehension of
its security. His friend had also been reproached,
and with little justice, he thought, with having
indulged in party acrimony. This reproach was
altogether unmerited. His friend had drawn a
picture, a just picture, of the state of the Treas-
ury, and referred to the powers assumed over it
by the Executive. He did not say that the powers
assumed had beep abused by the President or by
those about him—he trusted that it would not be
abused; but he thought that all would agree with
him that the powers assumed were utterly at
variance with the liberties of a free country where
a Constitution and laws prevailed. What was
the state of the Treasury ? According to the re-
turns of the Secretary of the Treasury .last brought
in, there were upwards of forty millions of public
money in about thirty-four banks created by State
authority, composed of money which still be-
longed to the public, part of it being at the credit
of its disbursing officers, which, with the seven
millions of the United States Bank stock, made
a total of about forty millions. The banks in
which these deposits had been made, had an
amount of specie of about eleven millions of dol-
lars, and their total immediate liabilities amounted
to about the sum of ninety-three millions, their
immediate means amounting to only thirty-eight
millions. This great sum was held by banks not
under the control of law.
He regretted that he had not time to examine
No. 20
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury that
came in that morning, but he perceived that he
commenced in a defense and in excuses which
ought not to be necessary on such an occasion.
This great sum might be withdrawn in a moment,
at the fiat of the Secretary, and might be placed
all in one bank, or deposited in a place which was
not a bank; and, without inquiry whether this
power might be abused or not, he asked if it was
not a power too dangerous to be confided to any
one man ? This was the state of things referred
to by the Senator from New Jersey, and which
induced the Senator from New York to reproach
him with having indulged in party feeling. This
power was too great to be trusted to any one
human being. In any one of the three hundred
and sixty-five days of theyear it was in the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury to destroy any
one of these banks, and thus lead to the explosion
of the paper system, in which the property and
credit of such vast numbers were involved. Now,
if they looked to the means of these banks, and
compared them with their immediate liabilities,
they would find that there was very little to en-
courage the idea of the Senator from New York,
that all was safe and prosperous. They had col-
lected from the people of the United States about
forty millions 6f dollars, and placed it in these
thirty-four deposit banks, which gave them no
interest, and no security for the return of the
capital. They could give, in fact, no security,
for if the Secretary of the Treasury were to take
bonds from them, he would do so without the
authority of law, and the bond would be there-
fore void. This money, thus deposited in these
banks, was loaned out, a considerable portion of
it, to.the people of the United States, and the
means of returning this sum, collected from the
whole people, consisted of the notes of those to
whom it had been loaned, and who these were was
not even known to the Secretary of the Treasury
himself. Thus this vast sum was loaned out by
banks, acting without authority, to persons un-
known to the Secretary, and in the case of an
explosion, the loss to the Treasury would be in
proportion to the extent of that explosion. This
had actually occurred, or something like it, after
the close of the last war, and caused the unavail-
able funds which are now in the Treasury. But if
such a pressure were to occur as took place about
the year 1819—want of confidence, or a large ex-
port of specie for the wants of commerce, or a fail-
ure of the crops, or a great reduction of prices of
the great southern staple—if the banks became
affected by any one of these causes, the loss to the
Treasury would be far greater than it was to the
public in 1819. Look now to the state of the
«urrency; confidence in it was already diminish-
ing, and exchanges were greatly deranged, while
bank issues had enormously increased. All this
had arisen from the unfortunate controversy with
the Bank of the United States. The number of
State banks in 1830 was something like three
hundred, and up to January, 1835, they amounted
to nearly seven hundred and fifty, while the cir-
culation was nearly double what it was in 1830.
He had no doubt, if they could get accurate ac-
counts, that the present circulation would be
found to be upwards of one hundred millions,
and the number of bank's eight hundred, all of
them without law, and without responsibility to
the United States. Was this a state of things in
which the Senator from New York could place
himself on the watch-tower and cry that all was
safe ?
When the currency was arrested from the
power of Congress, where was it transferred? It
was not even in the possession of the States; it
was in the possession of these thirty-four banks,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, whose interest
it was that it should be secure, did not know to
whom they had loaned it. The attention of the
Senate had been called by the Senator from Ohio
to a single bank, which had attempted to regulate
the currency, to a certain extent, by prohibiting
the Land Office from taking the notes of other
banks designated by it. And let us see what the
Secretary of the Treasury has done while Con-
gress is legislating on the subject of the currency.
In his letter of the 22d February, he requests
these banks—he puts his commands in the form
of a request—that after the 1st of July next they
will not issue notes of a less denomination than
five dollars; and, at a certain period thereafter,
that they will discontinue the issue of notes of a
less denomination than ten dollars. Now, he was
not about to inquire into the expediency of dis-
continuing the circulation of bank notes under
ten dollars, or into the expediency of making the
currency consist of gold and silver only — this
might be right. It was to the right to exercise
this power, without the sanction of Congress,
that he should call the attention of the Senate.
Where did the Secretary derive this power, con-
ferred on Congress alone, by the Constitution,
and reserved by it from the Executive himself?
The power of taxation was not much greater
than the power of determining the thing on which
taxes should bepaid. Give him the latter power,
the right of determining the modes of taxation,
and he could make it nearly equivalent to the
power of taxation itself. Now, if the Secretary
of the Treasury could declare what should be
the currency of the country—if he could regulate
these banks without the authority of Congress,
this power was capable of being rendered equiv-
alent to the tax-laying power.
No man of ordinary prudence and forecast could
contemplate the existing state of things without
the most serious alarm. It was impossible that
they should continue—that eight hundred banks
should go on, from day to day, to issue so much
paper, and that the twenty-four sovereignties
' should submit to it. It was utterly impossible
but that an explosion must come; though when
it would come he could not pretend to say. They
might differ there about the cause of it, but come
it certainly would. There was a most unnatural
state of things presented—abundance on the one
hand, and scarcity and pressure on the other.
What was the cause of this pressure ? One cause
was the vast portion of public revenue locked up
in the vaults of these banks, or loaned out by
them to persons who might not be able to return
it promptly; and if they loqked to the state of
the public pressure they would find something to
support this opinion. Where was the greatest
pressure at the present moment?   It was at the
Coints where the greatest amount of revenue had
een collected and deposited that the severest
pressure was felt; and of these points the city of
New York, being the greatest both for collection
and deposit, they had every reason to believe,
from the accounts received, suffered the most
from pecuniary pressure. Let us look (said he)
at, other points—at cities where the collections
were not so great, and where comparatively little
was deposited. Take Liouisville, for example,
or any of the cities on the western waters. At
Louisville, where capital always found a ready
employment, there was no pressure, and the
course of exchange demonstrated a state of pros-
perity and security. Go to Cincinnati, or to any
of the southern cities, and it would be found that
the measure ofpressure was equal to the measure
of collection. There was another cause, and that
was the want of confidence, which had caused a
severe pressure in the'money market.
The fact of this pressure was undeniable. It
was severe and alarming, and called loudly for
the application by Congress of any constitutional
means within its power to relieve this distress.
How was the city of New York to be relieved
from the abstraction of eleven millions of dollars?
She was to be relieved from the pressure only by
the distribution of the money in the public Treas-
ury, which would afford immediate relief; and
immediate relief would be afforded to the banks
in that city, and in those other great commercial
cities of Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Boston.
And was it possible Congress could adjourn with-
out distributing this vast treasure? Among the
schemes devised to dispose of this fund was one
of making large appropriations for public defense;
and the term "public defense "had been repeated
in their ears until everybody was sick of hearing
In good old times the Commons of England or
the Congress of the United States did not go to
the Crown in the one case, or the Departments
of State or the Executive in the other to ask how
much they could spend, but cut it down to reduce
it to the proper sum consistent with economy.
But now they goaded and harassed the disburs-
