306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
in" departments to tell them how much, and what
was the maximum amount they could spend.
The Secretary of War, in a document highly
creditable to his sound judgment and discretion,
had told them how much had  been expended;
and it was evident he was against this extrava-
gant system, as he had cautiously avoided indi-
cat'ng any sum that could be expended, and sup-
posed  they were capable of judging for them-
selves.    But this did not suit some gentlemen;
and he was called on a^ain, and it was referred
to Colonel Gratiot; and finally it was referred to
a lieutenant in the service, who had given it as
his opinion that £6,000,000 could be expended.
In other cases they had not only the authority
of the Secretary, but the authority of the Presi-
dent.    But now the Secretary refers it to the
•ame branch of the Department, and Congress
was asked to expend $6,000,000 on the opinion
of a lieutenant.    There could be no diversity of
opinion on this subject.    He asked gentlemen to
look at the condition of the country now, and
compare it with that period when we defended
ourselves so successfully against a powerful na-
tion.   Our population was about doubled since
then.   We had twelve ships of the line finished
or on the stocks, and an additional number of
frigates; and our whole coast, from the Balize to
Norfolk, was increased in all its fortifications.
He adverted to the efficient defenses of New
York, and of the whole north Atlantic coast; and
asked the Senators to look at the Canada fron-
tier, and compare our resources and  strength
there with what it was in 1814, and they would
find it possessed a thousand times the strength
it then did.    We had paid off a debt of upwards
of a hundred millions, and it was ideal to com-
pare our strength then with what it was now.
The introduction of steam power on the father
of rivers, the Mississippi, and other navigable
rivers, baffles all calculations in figures of our
strength.   This thing of making these extrava-
gant calculations in regard to fortifications, &c,
was nothing but an effort to get rid of the sur-
plus.  Appropriations and expenditures were not
synonymous  terms;   appropriating more  than
they could expend would only be turning another'
leaf in the ledger, and charging it against, instead
of leaving it where it stood—to the crpdit of the
Treasury.    The appropriation of last year could
not be expended; they might appropriate it as
they pleased, and they could not expend it; and
to leave it where it was—it was in repositories
that were insecure and unsafe—and the loss of
interest while it remained in these banks alone
would amount to upwards of two millions per
annum-, and, besides the loss of interest, they ran
the risk of losing the capital itself.   What, then,
ought they to do with it?   He answered, dis-
tribute it.
These lands were acquired by cessions from
States, and by treaties from foreign Powers; and
under either mode they came under the general
powers of Congress. The lands acquired by
cession were ceded in consequence of the revolu-
tionary struggle, to pay the debt of the Revolu-
tion, and to satisfy Maryland, New Jersey, and
other States, for the extensive waste lands in
those States. The President, in his message of
1832, had said the object for which they were
ceded having been accomplished, they were then
subject to the disposal of Congress, in such way
as would best satisfy the several States. The
deed of cession from Virginia was prior to the
adoption of the presentConstitution,and Virginia
having been a party to it, it followed that when
the power was concurrtd in by the ceding States,
it was intended to be at the disposal of the States.
The power to dispose of the thing itself, implied
the power to dispose of the proceeds of it. In
the view he had taken of it, under the treaty, the
power to dispose of it was unlimited, if any
Senator doubted the right of Congress to dispose
of the proceeds of the lands in Florida1 and Louis-
iana, he might move to strike out those proceeds,
and they would still have the means of carrying
the bill into effect. He should be able to satisfy
every Senator there could be no doubt of the
power, if they limited it to the deeds of cession.
The language of the deed of cession was that all
lands within the Territories, not granted to offi-
cers and soldiers of the revolutionary army, should
be for the use and benefit of the several States,
(Virginia included.) The title conveyed was to
the use and benefit of the several States, (Virginia
inclusive,) and not for the benefit of the Union.
If the cession was not intended for the benefit of
the States, the language designating the States,
and Virginia inclusive, would not have been
used.
But it has been said that if these lands were
given to the Union for the use of the States, how
could the application of it to the uses of the
Union be justified ? Why, because the applica-
tion of it to the use's of the Union was for the
benefit of the States composing it. The States
had contracted debts which were assumed by the
Union, and therefore to apply them to the pay-
ment of this revolutionary debt, was the great
object of the cession by the State of Virginia, and
such application was for the benefit of the States
composing the Union. If it was intended that
this cession should form a consolidated fund,
why was there any reference to the proportion
of the burdens borne by each State of the general
expenses of the Union, as establishing the mode
of distribution ? No, the fund was to be a com-
mon fund, but the trust was to be applied like
any other trust or ad ministration—though general
in name, it was for the separate and individual
use of each corporator.
Now, recollect that at the date of the Virginia
deed of cession the exactions from the several
members of the Union were in their corporate*
capacities. Suppose, then,Virginia had paid her
portion for the general defense, or chose to pay
in some other form, would she not have an un-
doubted right to demand her portion of this fund,
or this common trust?
The measure of proportion as provided by this
deed to be shared by the States was the measure
of burdens respectively borne by each in the gen-
eral expenses—the measure of contribution, and
the measure of taxation. Now, what was the
principle of the plan before the Senate? It adopted
precisely the same measure of taxation and of
burdens, varying only according to the Constitu-
tion of the "United States. Suppose, again, that
the whole revenue of the United States was, in-
stead of being drawn from imports, drawn from
the States by direct taxation, then they would
have information of what was drawn from each
State. Could they not in that case allow each
State to receive her proportion of this fund, and
to pay the amount of her direct taxation in gross?
Or if a regular account was kept, would not the
State be charged with her portion of direct taxes,
and credited with the amount of her portion of
these lands ?
Suppose that, instead of the funding system
which we had adopted—instead of the General
Government assuming the debts of the States,
each State had been compelled to provide for, and
make payments of its own debts, would it not,
after it had been known that this grant was made
for the express purpose of paying the revolution-
ary debt, have become necessary that this fund
should be divided for the purpose of enabling the
States to pay their debts? If this was not so,
why did Virginia declare that these lands should
be held for the common benefit of all the States,
Virginia inclusive? Now, if these debtahad been
charged to each individual State, was there a
Senator there who doubted that the States would
have come forward, and demanded their share of
this fund? It did not seem, therefore, that the
application of this money to the uses of the Union
weakened the argument. The fund was so ap-
plied, and applied according to the terms of the
deed.
An argument much stronger in favor of the ap-
plication of the fund that was now proposed was,
that they had arrived at the first application of it
by inference only, because the fund being given
for the common benefit of the States, it was in-
ferred that it might rightfully be applied to the
Union which was composed of the States; while
for the application now contemplated, they had
the direct sanction of the deed of cession. If the
old articles of confederation had remained in force,
there would have been no difficulty as to this dis-
tribution, as each State would have paid its own
share of the common burdens, and would have
been entitled to receive her proportionate share
it
of the fund. The mode of taxation, however,
had been changed, and was now laid on con-
sumption, as the only rule by which they could
approximate so nearly to equality. And what
other rule could approach so near ? Taxation on
consumption was in proportion to population;
and, by following it up, they in this bill adopted
the same rule; that is, the burden of taxation
being on the population of the States, the distri-
bution was to be made according to it generally.
This rule of distribution was fair, just, and in
conformity with the terms of the deed of cession.
Did it not rest on the grounds of principle and
reason? The uniform practice of the Govern-
menti down to this very day, had been in con-
formity with this exercise of its power over these
lands. He never knew this power to be ques-
tioned until the veto of the President. All the
Presidents — Mr. Madison, Mr. Jefferson, Mr.
Monroe, and Mr. Adams — had administered
the Government in conformity with this power.
What had the public lands been distributed for >
For almost all the purposes of the country—for
internal improvement, for education, and for be-
neficent purposes. By a humane policy, they
granted lands to the expatriated Poles. They
granted lands to the French; and although they
were given ostensibly for a designated purpose,
'et, in fact, the grants were an absolute bounty,
t was true that Congress had gone too far on
some occasions, but all uniformly acknowledged
that they possessed the power to make the grants.
After referring to the messages of the President
on the subject of the public lands, Mr. C. said,
that supposing this power of Congress over the
public lands to be incontestable, the Senator from
New York [Mr. Wright] contended there was
nothing to distribute. If this were so, the gen-
tleman objected to the bill with some reason; for
if it were true that there was no surplus to dis-
tribute, it was notright that this bill should pass.
But the Senator had met with his match in his
friend from New Jersey, who had most ably re-
futed all his positions, and skown clearly that all
his calculations were founded in error. Mr. C.
then entered into various calculations to show
the amount of the surplus revenue, with that
accruing, and replied to Mr. Wright's argument
that the military bounty lands, the purchase of
Louisiana and Florida, and various other offsets
should be taken from the proceeds of the land
sales, before they could be called net proceeds.
Mr. C. contended, as had been done by Mr.
Crittenden, that the ju risdiction only over Louis-
iana and Florida was of far greater value than the
amount of their purchase, and that the revenues-
derived from New Orleans andLMobile alone, (the
claim of Spain to the latter having been quieted
by the Florida purchase) would pay for these
two provinces over and over.
Louisiana was purchased for the peace and
security of the country, and human figures could
hardly reach the benefits of this acquisition under
the treaty of 1804—and so also of Florida. There
was then virtually a Texan war going on, and
we took possession of the country. He alluded
to a document, drafted by Mr. Madison, which
had been pressed upon him by Mr. C. The joint
possession of Mobile and Pensacola, by the treaty
of 1818-19, would alone justify the sum of money
paid for that accession of territory. Looking at
the great commercial advantages secured, and the
constant emigration opened out by it, with a
statesman's eye, and such as the Senator from
New York [Mr. Wright] had, he would no
doubt have seen the great benefits derived from
it, and that not one cent of those charges nerJ¡'"1
made were chargeable to the public lands. The
policy of removing the Indians beyond the Mis-
sissippi was not for the purpose of getting the
public lands; and the expense of removing them
was not a fair charge upon them. The amount
of the two items, in the purchase of Louisiana
and Florida, was about thirty millions.
The whole product of the public lands was
eighty-three millions; and, eleven millions and
upwards deducted for bounty lands, would leave
upwards of seventy-one millions. Take the
whole claimed by the Senator from New YorK,
[Mr. Wright,] the entire cost of removal and
interest, and the amount would be about twenty-
four millions; so that, however the account wa«
