1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
stated, there was a surplus remaining of about
twenty-four millions
The Senator from New York had objected to
that feature, assigning ten per cent to the new
States He (Mr C ) had been unjustly charged
uith feelings ot hostility towards the new States,
and he thought it particularly hard for the Sen-
ator from Mississippi yesteiday to question the
equity ot this provision. He believed that Sen-
ator had question , d its equity, but not its justice.
Mr W -VLKER said that he had already ex-
plained that it was not against the equity of
giving this ten per cent, fund to the new States,
because he believed that it was not as much as
they were entitled to. He had only said that,
taking the gentleman's argument, there was an
inequality in this grant.
Mr. CLAY said he would show that if any-
thing was wrong in that provision, it was not in
not assigning enough to the new States.    The
principle was founded upon the measure of bur-
dens.   It gave to the people in equal proportion
to their burdens.    He went into a calculation to
show that there was an increase of six per cent,
of population of the new States over the old. The
mode of taxation now pursued was not by direct,
but by indirect, taxation.    The measure of tax-
ation was a measure of burden.  The burden was
the taxation paid on the direct consumption.    It
would take up too much time to go into a detail
of the increase of all the States. The nearer they
got to the period when the next census should be
taken, the more unequal it would be in regard to
the new States; and as he had not time to make
the calculation,he had put it at ten per cent. The
increase of population was where there was the
greatest amount of sales.    The greatest increase
of population was in the new States, and, as they
increased more in population, they got more of
the ten per cent.    By taking into the account the
advantages  accruing  from   the  acquisition  of
Louisiana and Florida in the shape of duties and
direct taxes, and the great benefits derived from
commercial advantages, it would expunge the
debt.   The Senator from New York thought the
customs would dry up; and contended that the
sales were now inordinate in amount, and that
by 1841 we would not receive $1,000,000 from
them, that while  the  customs would   be but
414,000,000, the expenses of Government would
be $17,000,000, so that there would be a defi-
ciency of $2,000,000.    How was it (he asked)
that an Administration that came into power on
the principles of reform was to increase the ex-
penses from #13,000,000 to $17,000,000? But (he
said) it would be caused by the increase of popu-
lation.   The machinery of Government (Mr. C.
said) was the same in an increase of population
as it was now. The salaries of the President and
pay of officers of the Government would be the
same as now.   The late Secretary McLane had
estimated the expenses at only $15,000,000; and
the late Senator from South Carolina, since Gov-
ernor of that State, (Mr. Hayne,) had estimated I
them at $12,000,000.    The Senator from New
York had not served the Senate with any data to
Bhowthemcreasefrom$13,000,000to $17,000,000
He did not wish to see any of the protected arti-
cles in the great principle of compromise touched,
but if it should become necessary, other means
might be resorted to without touching them.
There was one feature in the compromise bill
which was a most happy one, and he was de-
lighted at having borne an important part in that
measure. The whole country seemed to have
been satisfied with it; and best of all, his late
friends, the manufacturers, whom he would be
the last man to desert, and whose interests he had
always supported, had found that it was the best
measure that could have been adopted for them.
That feature was this: There was a large class
of articles on which the power of taxation was
reserved, and the taxes, which might in an emer-
gency be increased without violating the spirit of
the compromise. They had many luxuries which
might be taxed, if the íevenue should fall short.
In their anxiety to reduce the duties, they had
diminished the duties on silks and wines—arti-
cles which might well bear increased taxation.
Why, sir, (said Mr. C ,) we may have abund-
antly enough of revenue for all the wants of the
Government, without resorting to loans or the
lands, simply by taxing luxuries Mr. C. then
went on to show that the receipts of the customs
would probably increase, instead of diminish.
There was reason to believe, that unless a paper
explosion took place, the revenues of this year
would be greater than the last. The first quarter
of the year was estimated at five millions, and the
whole customs of the present year would be up-
wards of twenty millions They might reason-
ably calculate that the revenues of the coming
years would be in proportion to the wealth of
the country and its ability to consume. It was
absurd and out of reason to suppose that there
would be a deficiency from the customs.
Mr. C. having shown, as he said, the power
of distribution and the ability to make it, next
went on to show the expediency of the measure.
It had been objected that if they once commenced
this system they would not be able to get rid of
it Why (he would ask) were they afraid to
trust the States? Recollect (he said) that the
wh ole was founded in the confidence of the people;
and if they found that the system was not a good
one it would undoubtedly be repealed. But gen-
tlemen could not have pronounced a higher eulogy
on this bill than by saying, that if it was once
passed they never would be able to get rid of it;
for the argument inferred that the beneficial effects
of it would be so sensibly felt by the people that
they would not be willing to give it up Could
there be a measure (he said) more calculated to
promote the peace, happiness, and harmony of
the Union than this-? It settled forever that dis-
tracting question of the right to appropriate money
for internal improvements. Could it be believed
that the States of the West would continue to be
satisfied with the vast expenditures of this Gov-
ernment on the sea-board ? The day would come
when the united West and Southwest would de-
mand that this unequal distribution should cease.
But pass this bill, and that question would be
quieted forever. The distribution among the
States would place in each a fund amply sufficient
for all the great purposes of internal improve-
ment and education, to be applied as the States
thought proper There would be no further call
from the States for appropriations for these pur-
poses; and was there not great fitness in enabling
the States to act for themselves, without asking
for tne bounty of the General Government? It
was impossible to imagine anything more fitting
or more proper, with regard to the new States as
well as the old. He would call on gentlemen of
the West to give up their vain idea of appropri-
ating this immense domain to themselves. What
hopes could they have of success in their gradu-
ating projects ? Let them look at the votes of
this session, and say whether there was any
chance of their ever carrying them into effect.
Were they nearer to the accomplishment of their
plans now than they were ten years ago ?
The more these graduating projects were dis-
cussed before the people, the greater would be
the opposition to them. This plan of measuring
the value of the lands by the bed of Procrustes,
and putting lands worth twenty dollars an acre
down to fifty cents, because some were not worth
more, would never meet the approbation of an
intelligent people. And in the meantime, what
were they losing, while they were looking after
an object that could never be gained? They
passed by a measure promising the most incal-
culable benefits, aggrandizing their States, and
enabling them to .keep pace with their neighbors
in internal improvements, and ameliorating the
condition of their people. These were practical,
tangible benefits, which should not be lost sigbt
of in planning wild and visionary schemes which
could never be realized. Mr. C, after eulogizing
the land system, predicted that the time would
come when a measure of this kind would be
adopted by a large majority, if it failed now.
His life for it, (he said,) this measure would,
political opinions apart, find advocates where it
now had opposers. He called the attention of
gentlemen from the new States to the gradual re-
duction of the quantity of unsold lands in each
State, and the increasing favor this must procure
for the scheme of distribution. As the lands in
the new States were sold off, the interest of each
in the lands within it lessened, while their in-
terest in the lands exterior to them increased.
Ohio might already be said to be an old State, and
Indiana and Illinois were rapidly becoming so,
and all these States would in time stand nearly
in the same relation to the public lands that the
old States now did. The argument of the Sen-
ator from New York, that the States would be
íeluctant to^ive up the proceeds of these lands
when the honor or interest of the nation required
it to go to war, was little complimentary to their
patriotism or public spirit. As well might the
gentleman carry the argument a little further, and
say that people were not to be trusted. But he
believed that one of the most favorable features
of this bill was, that it imposed some sort of
restraint on that natural proneness of Republics
to go to war.
In controversies with foreign nations, it was
natural for the people to take part with the Gov-
ernment. The remark of the noble Decatur,
"Our country, right or wrong," was one that
was always felt by this people. He remembered
the events of the last summer, and how near they
were being involved in a war with a foreign
Power; and although he did not approve of the
course of the Administration, yet he would have
given it his most hearty support, had war unfor-
tunately taken place Look at the controversy
between Ohio and Michigan, and say why it was
that all on one side were unanimous in favor of
Ohio, while all on the othei were in favor of
Michigan, if it was not from the natural disposi-
tion of the people to take sides with their Govern-
ment, right or wrong This bill would have a
salutary restraint on the disposition of republics
to go to war, by making it the interest of the
States to pieserve peace. But when the honor
or safety of the country required that they should
go to war, who could doubt the readiness of the
people to make every sacrifice to maintain them'
By passing this bill, that greatest of all inter-
ests, the interest in preserving the Union would
be greatly advanced. There were yet seven hun-
dred millions of acres of land, lying outside of
the States, unappropriated; upon which, it is
true, there were some incumbrances by the unex-
tinguished title of the natives; but from the moment
the" white man put his foot on the lock at Ply-
mouth,or on the shore of Jamestown, commenced
the entire extinction of that unfortunate race of
people; and the Indian lands might all be counted
on as a source of distribution. This system was
not intended for one year alone, but for hundreds
of years In no ¡bales for centuries to come could
they imagine any but large proceeds, and could
they conceive a tie more strong to bind the Union
together than the fact that every year each State
would share with its co-States? There were
other topics connected with this subject, but he
would not detain the Senate with a discussion of
them at this time.
It would be recojlected that this fund would
remain to be distributed when they were cold
and lifeless beneath the clods of the valley.
Long after parties and party strifes had ceased
to exist, this vast fund would continue; then let
them throw aside all their predilections, and come
up to the measure which would improve the
country in so many ways, and suppress all this
excitement, caused by not distributing that which
justly belonged to the people.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
April 1,1836.
The bill to establish the northern boundary line of Ohio,
and for the admission of Michigan into the Union, being
under con«idcraüon—
Mr BENTON rose to vindicate the bill, and
the conduct of the people of Michigan, from the
objections which were taken to them The feen-
ator fiom Ohio who has just resumed his seat,
[Mr Ewing,] objects to the bill itself, and also
to the conduct of the people of Michigan, and
some others object to the extent of the boundaries
which were proposed for the new States.   He
