3Q8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....I st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Ewing, Mr. Benton.
[April 26,
Senate.
said, that Michigan being a frontier both to Can-
ada and the Indians, it was right she should be a
strong State, and rank with those of the first mng-
nitudc With this view, her boundaries were
extended far enough on the Lake Supeuor and
Green bay to include about sixteen 01 eighteen
thousand square miles, which, added to the thirty-
six thousand in the peninsuh, v> ould make about
fifty-four thousand square miles, an extent which,
while it placed her among the great Spates, would
still leave her behind several, which had a content
of about sixty thousand square miles. In point
of territory, then, the new State would be large,
but not the largest, and therefore subject to no
objection on that account. In point of capacity,
to sustain a population, he was sorry to have to
add that the additional sixteen or eighteen thou-
sand square miles would be of small importance,
the general character of the country added being
that of extreme sterility, and chiefly desirable for
its mineral resources, of which copper was a prin-
cipal indication.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] Mr. B. supposed to be in
subrtance a bill intended as a substitute for the
bill reported by the select committee, and in the
usual torm of bills^authonzing the inhabitants of
Territories to hold elections, meet in convention,
frame a constitution, and send it to Congress for
approval.
Mr EWING assented, and said that such was
the character of the amendment which he offered;
that it was mainly copied from the act admitting
the people of Ohio to form a constitution; and
that it differed from the bill of the committee in
some of the boundaries; as it stopped at the
mouth of the Huron instead of going to the Mon-
treal river.
Mr. BENTON resumed, and said that the ob-
ject of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio [Mi. Ewing] was to turn the people
of Michigan back — to consider as nothing all
that they had done—and to require them to begin
anew, under the sanction of an act of Congress,
with holding elections, meeting in convention,
framing a constitution, and sending it on to Con-
gress. This (he said) was the object; and what
related to the boundary was subordinate and in-
cidental, which might be considered under the
committee's bill as well as under the proposed
amendment. The great object was to turn the
people of Michigan back, and make them com-
mence in a regular manner, as it was called, in
contradistinction to the irregular, disorderly, and
revolutionary manner of conducting themselves
which had been imputed to them.
Mr. B. denied that the conduct of the people of
Michigan merited these epithets; but admitting
that they acted without a previous law of Con-
gress, he desired to know whose fault it was >
and would assume to say that no person could
answer that question better than the Senator from
Ohio. He desired to see where the fault lay—
whether m the people of Michigan or in the Con-
gress—whether in their disorderly and revolu-
tionary movement to break into the Union, or in
the refusal of Congress to grant them the prelim-
inary law which had been extended to other Ter-
ritories, and to which Michigan was better en-
titled than any other one had ever been ' These
were the questions, and, happily, the Journals
of the Senate, as well as his own memory, would
enable him to answer them. He would state,
then, that Michigan having, as the Senate well
knew, an absolute and perfect right under the
ordinance to enter the Union when her popula-
tion amounted to sixty thousand souls, and hav-
ing attained that number four years ago, she
applied to Congress for an act to regulate her
admission by the customary formalities, and that
this application had been rejected or neglected
for successive years. Without detaining the
Senate with going over a tedious history of these
applications and rejections, he (Mr. B.) would
refer to the Senate Journal of 1834—two years
ago—and show in what manner the people of
Michigan were then treated.
Mr. B. then read from the Senate Journal, of
May 9th, 1834, as follows:
"The Senate resumed, as m Committee of the Whole,
the bill to enable the people of the eastern division of Mich-
igan to form a constitution and Stale government, and for
the admission of such State into the Union, on an equal
footing with the original States, and for other purpose ,
together with the amendment reported thereto by the select
committee, and, on motion by Mr Ewing tint thej be
laid on the nble, it was determined in the negative—yeas
14, navs20. Sic
' On motion by Mr Cla\ton,
"(hdered, That  aid bill and amendment be laid on the
table "
When he had read these entries from the
Journal, Mr. B said that three points were made
out by them: first, that the people of Michigan
had applied to Congress for the customary bill,
to enable them to form a State government;
secondly, that the Senator from Ohio had moved
to lay tnat bill upon the table; and thirdly that
it was actually laid upon the table; and he would
afterwards show that that order was fatal to the
bill
The next entry he would read from the Journal
was from its proceedings on the 12th day of the
same month; and was in these woids:
"The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill to authorize the people of the 1 crntory of Arkansas
to form a constitution and State government, and for the
admisMOii ot such State into the Unión, upon an eqml
footing with the original States in all re pects whatsoever,
and on motion of Mr. Ewing that it be laid on the table—
yeas 22, najs 20."
i Here (Mr. B. said) it was right to stop and
remark that Michigan and Arkansas were now
I together in the Senate; that bills for the admis-
sion of each of them had been reported; that both
had been made the order for the same day; that
the Arkansas bill would come on when the Mich-
igan bill was finished, and that the fate of one, it
was generally conceded, would be the fate of the
other. What he now wished to remark was that
the people of these two Territories had applied
at the same time years ago; that bills to enable
them to form State governments weie reported
together in the Senate; that the same amend-
ments were offered to both, the same motions to
lay on the table were made in the case of both,
and that the fate of one was the fate of the other;
for neither of the bills ever rose again from that
| fatal table. He said it could not escape observ-
ation that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing]
had made motions in each case to lay these bills
upon the table, and thereby prevented the people
of the two Territories from obtaining the cus-
tomary law to regulate the formalities of their
admission; so that he had prevented them from
doing, two years ago, the very thing which he
was proposing to turn them back for, and make
them, do now. There was a maxim of law
(Mr. B. said) which was also a maxim of rea-
son and justice, and which prohibited any man
from taking advantage of his own wrong; and
certainly this maxim should estop that gentleman
at present, and prevent him from opposing the
admission of these States, and treating them as
irregular, disorderly, and insurrectionary for
holding a convention without a previous law of
Congress, when he himself was the actual «rover
of motions in both cases to lay the bills on the
table, which were then depending, to grant them
these previous laws.                                              ¡
But by what fatality (continued Mr B ) has
that Senator mentioned the word party, and in-
sinuated that there is a design to get in those two
States irregularly and prematurely for party pur-
poses > [Mr. Ewing disclaimed the insinuation ]
Mr. B. continued: The admission of new States
had always been opposed by party, and by the
same party. Kentucky forty years ago, and
Tennessee thirty years ago, and others since,
had been opposed because they were Democratic,
and would add to the strength of Democracy in
the Congress; and he presumed that every ques-
tion, the collateral as well as ths main one, even
to a question of adjournment, would be decided
by party votes in the admission of Michigan and
Arkansas. What party was in power (de-
manded Mr. B.) in the Senate in 1834, when the
initiatory bills for the admission of those two
States were so compendiously disposed of by the
motions to lay on the table'—motions which fore-,
close debate, preclude discussion, and condemn
without the assignment of reasons> What party
was in power then? Was it not the opposition
party?   The party which, by whatsoever name
it may be called, is still the party antagomsticil
to the Democracy' And was not tht fate nf
these bills decided by a clear paity -vote,' Ho
would lead the yeas on the Aikansas bill on the
12th of May: for, after that the Michigan bill
was consideied decided, and was rot called for
again, the fate of one being cotisidued the fate
ot the othei, and the \ote on Arkansas being
taken as the fixed determination of the Senate.
Mr B. read the yeas. They were—Mtssrs.
Bell, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Fieling-
huysen, Kent, King of Georgia, Knight, Moore,
Naudain, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Robbins,
Silsbee, Smith, Sprnguc, Swift, Tomhnson,Wag-
gaman, and Welister—22
A clear party vbte, (continued Mr. B ,) with
the single exception of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. King;] and it was incomprehensible how
the vote could run in such a regular line, upon a
motion to lay on the table, unless it was felt to
be a party measure, and as such to be put down
by paity power
Now, (said Mr. B ,) what: was the precise
measuie thus laid on the table' It was the bill
and the amendment. The bill has been stated,
but the amendment has not, and this poiiit wilt
now be attended to, for it is a gieat aggravation
of the wrong done these Territones. The bill
was to authorize a convention to be held, the
amendment was to authorize a census of the
inhabitants to be taken, and tobe leturned to the
next session of Congiess. Both were laid upon
the table; so that not only was the law to authorize
a convention refused, but even a law to count the
people, to see whether there was population
enough to authorize the formation of State gov-
ernments ■ Even the census was refused ' so that
there seemed to be a determination by the party
then in power in the Senate to do nothing, not
even the most remote and preliminary act, in
favor of these Terntoncs. And how now^can
they be called disorderly, irregular, and revolu-
tionary' So far fiom it that their conduct was
regular and natural. They have a right to admis-
sion; they have been denied the customary for-
malities; they then act in virtue of their own rights;
they form constitutions, and send them here for
our examination So far from being reprehensible,
their conduct was commendable. It showed a
laudable desire to enter the Union. It was not to
get out, but to get into, the Union, that they were
struggling; and he (Mr. B ) deemed so highly
of the benefits and advantages of this Union, that
he could excuse the new States for endeavoring
even to break into it, while he could never excuse
an old one for endeavoring to break out of it.
Mr B then entered into an ample vindication
of the rights of the people of Michigan and
Arkansas to meet in convention, without a pre-
liminary law from Congress, adopt constitutions,
and send them here for examinations. Conven-
tions were original acts of the people. They
depended upon inherent and inalienble rights.
The people of any State may at anytime meet in
convention, without a law of their Legislature,
and without any provision, or against any pro-
vision in their constitution, and may alter or
abolish the whole frame of government, as they
pleased. The sovereign power to govern them-
selves was in the majority, and they could not
be divested of it. The people of these Territories
had rights founded on the ordinance of 1787, in
one case, and on the treaty with France of 1803,
in the other. They had acted upon these rights,
and it was unjustifiable either to stigmatize them
as disorderly now, or to turn them back to the
point they were at two years ago, and at which
point nothing would then be done for them by
those who wished now to turn them back. The
cases of both Territories were clear and strong,
that of Michigan being perhaps the clearest, as
having a precise stipulation, and a right to admis-
sion at sixty thousand, while she now had nearly
thiee times that number, the right of Arkansas
being on a treaty, and her numbers being indis-
putably sufficient, and larger than the population
of several of the new States were at the time of
their admission.                                   ,    .,„,;._
Mr B. said that he had been led by the «dentity
of the subjects to speak of Michigan  "  Arri-
sas together.   Their two cases were similar, and
