1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
jo would be their fates     Other gentlemen had ¡
felt the necessity of defending both at the same
time; and he made his thanks to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr.  Buchanan,]  who  had the
Arkansas bill  in  charge, for the distinguished
ability with which he had come into the contest
on the Michigan bill, and aided those who were
more particularly charged with it.    He repeated
it was an innocent movement for Territories to
make a constitution, and send it to Congress for
examination; and if it was republican, and the
Territory qualified  by  population, the right to
admission was clear and perfect.    He said that
Congress could not reject a constitution, except
in the single case of winch it was the guarantee—
that of its republican character !   It could not reject
for ordinary provisions, for qualifications of voters,
and such minutiae.    These were points of State
regulation exclusively; and the absurdity of mak-
ing them conditions of admission was proved by
the facility of altering all such provisions after
the State was admitted, and when they would
never be submitted to Congress.    The right of
Congress to reject for matter found in the consti-
tution was limited to the feature of republicanism.
Of that Congress was the guarantee.    Whether
the constitution was submitted to her or not—
whether it was an  old  State or a  new one—
Congress was bound to guaranty the republican
character of the State constitution; and for that
purpose had cognizance over all the State consti-
tutions, and for nothing else.-   Anything further
was an invasion of the rights of the States; and
he (Mr. B.) was too truly and sincerely a friend
to the rights of the States to suffer Congress to
meddle with the qualifications of voters in any
State, old or new.    This brought him to the ob-
jection, that the votinz privilege was extended to
the inhabitants of the Territory at the time of the
adoption of the constitution, and not confined to
those who were citizens of the United States. He
left this question where it had been placed by
others, as an affair that belonged to the State,
and which every State had decided for herself,
and many of them so as to give aliens the right
of voting, and even of holding office. He referred
to Illinois, Louisiana, and even Ohio, and asked,
was it not a matter of history that within a few
years past the Legislature of Ohio had decided
that the word " inhabitant" meant citizen ? And
they defined it so because a gentleman who was
a subject of the King of Great Britain was pre-
siding over their deliberations, and might act as
their lieutenant governor.    In conclusion, Mr.
B. said he thought he had completely answered
the material objections of the gentleman from
Ohio.   The first, that Congress had not passed
a law authorizing the people of Michigan to form
a constitution, was met by the proof that they
had made repeated applications, which were re-
jected by the vote of that body; and with respect
to the other, he held that the people of that Ter-
ritory might meet as often as they pleased—might
take up the map, and drawing a diagram repre-
senting any boundaries they pleased, adopt these
boundaries  in their constitution, and send the
whole to Congress; and all this would be an in-
nocent operation.   It would be innocent, because
Congress might act on it or not act on it, as it
thought proper; they might agree to the consti-
tution- or not agree to it; and the whole would be
innocent, for it would be nothing more than a
proposition for the acceptance of Congress.    He
held that the proceedings of the people of Michi-
gan had been not out of want of respect to Con-
gress, but from a proper respect for themselves.
After their applications for admission had been
repeatedly-rejected, they, in the exercise of their
inherent rights, formed their constitution, and
sent it here for acceptance. He hoped the amend-
ment «ending this constitution back, and delaying
the admission of this State for at least two years
longer, would not prevail.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he intended to
present his views on this question very briefly.
He had good reasons for desirirg that the bill
might be very speedily decided on; and, there-
fore, in what he had to say, he should take up
as little of the time of the Senate aa possible.
The first objection he should consider was the
one suggested, rather than insisted on, by the
Senator from Delaware; and that was, that no
act had been passed by Congress for the purpose
of enabling the people of Michigan to form a
State constitution, in obedience to what had been
supposed to be the custom in regard to other
States that have been admitted into the Union.
Now, was there, he would ask, any reason for
passing such an act? Was it required by prin-
ciple, or was it required by former practice? He
utterly denied that it was required either by the
one or the other before a new State may be ad-
mitted into the Union; and whether it was given
previously or subsequently to the application of
a State for admission into the Union, was of-no
earthly importance. He admitted that the pas-
sage of such an act previously to the admission
of a new State was the best course to adopt; but
if a people had formed a republican constitution,
and if Congress should think that they had as-
sumed proper boundaries, was there any objec-
tion to their admission whether the preliminary
law had been passed or otherwise? But, in the
history of this Government they had precedents
to sanction this bill; and they had one which ap-
plied expressly to this very case, it being utterly
impossible to draw any distinction between the
two, unless in favor of Michigan. He referred
to the case of the State of Tennessee, found in
the second volume of the laws of the United
States. The preamble was short, containing but
a few lines, and he would read it. This brief
preamble was a declaration that " by the accept-
' anee of the deed of cession of the State of North
' Carolina Congress were bound to lay out, into
' one or more States, the territory thereby ceded
' to the United States. Congress, therefore, upon
' the presentation of a constitution by Tennessee,
• declared that State to be one of the United States
, ' of America, on an equal footing with the original
! ' States, in all respects whatever, by the name and
' title of the State of Tennessee."                            I
!     Now, sir, what was the case here? There was
', no stipulation in  the  act of cession from the '
' States of North Carolina and Georgia, confining j
this territory to the formation of one State.    On
the contrary, the acts of both States provided
that the ceded territory should be formed into
one or two States.  According to the terms of the
j original cession, the territory was to be formed
! in to one or more States; and, without any previous
i act of Congress, the Legislative Council passed a
¡ law for taking the census of the people of that
territory, declaring that if a sufficient population
should be found to entitle them to admission into
the Union, the Governor was authorized to direct
, elections to be held for members of a convention
to form a State constitution.  The consitution, as
, in the case of Michigan, was formed under their
territorial  government; and Congress was not
'. consulted at all in the matter.    The first intima-
tion Congress had received of the fact, was in the
\ message of General Washington, recommending
the adrhissioii of the State into the Union.    He
would read one sentence from this message.    It
I was dated the 8th of April, 1796.  General Wash-
¡ ington, in this message, states that, " among the
| ' privileges, benefits, and advantages secured to
I ' the inhabitants of the territory south of the river
' Ohio, appears  to  be  the  right of forming a
' permanent constitution and State government,
i ' and of admission as a State, by its delegates,
1 ' into the Congress of the United States, on an
*  equal footing with the original States, in all
' respects whatever, when it should have therein
! ' sixty thousand free inhabitants, provided the
I « constitution and government so to be formed
! ' should be republican, and in conformity to the
' principles contained in the articles of the said
' ordinance."
This was the opinion of General Washington
himself, distinctly expressed.  The people of the
territory themselves made  the first efforts for
admission into the Union; they acted on their
, own authority solely, never having asked Con- ¡
! gress for the passage of a previous law;  and j
General Washington said they had the right, as ;
! they unquestionably had, to be admitted into the j
i Union, if they had a sufficient population.   This
! message, just mentioned, was referred to a com-
| mittee in both Houses of Congress; and in the
I House of Representatives a report waa immedi-
ately made by General Dearborn, the chairman
of the committee of that House, in favor of the
admission of the State. In the Senate this people
met with a different reception. A report was
made by Mr. King, chairman of the Senate com-
mittee, against their admission; and the commit-
tee took the ground that, as Congress had the
right to decide whether this Territory should be
divided into one or two States, Congress should
have been consulted previous to the formation of
their constitution. There was another objection
taken by the committee, and this was, that as
the census had been taken under the authority of
the Territory, and not under the authority of
Congress, there was not evidence of the existence
therein of a sufficient population to entitle the
Territory to admission. The Senate agreed to
this report, and passed a bill directing a census
of the inhabitants of the Southwestern Territory
to be taken. That bill went to the lower House,
who struck out every provision contained in it,
and amended it by providing for the immediate
admission of the State into the Union. The
Senate receded from the position it had taken;
the bill was passed on the last day of the session,
as amended by the House; and at the subsequent
session the Senators and Representatives of the
new State took their seats in Congress. Now,
he would defy any man whatever to point out the
distinction between the two cases, unless it be in
favor of Michigan. Here is no question whether
one or two States were to be formed, making the
case strongly in favor of Michigan. Yet, without
the previous assent of Congress, Tennessee formed
her constitution, knocked at your doors for ad-
mission, and being a welcome stranger, was
cordially admitted. He would, then, ask of gen-
tlemen to mete out the same measure of justice
and liberality to Michigan that was meted out to
Tennessee. Ought they to be offended with the
eagerness of the new States for admission into all
the rights, privileges, and benefits of this Union,
at a time when some of the old States were
threatening to leave it? Ought we not (he said)
to hail the coming in of these new States, our
own flesh and blood, and, on account of the
absence of a little form, not send them dissatisfied
from our doors ?
He might view this subject with a partial eye,
but he was sure that he had as strong a regard
both for Ohio and Indiana as for Michigan; and
he most solemnly believed that the very best in-
terests of these three great States required that
the question of boundary should be settled in the
way that the bill proposed. What had been the
conduct of Michigan in relation to her boundary?
Did any man believe that the people of that Ter-
ritory thought that this eastern and western line,
running through the southern bend of Lake Mich-
igan, was not an irrevocable line? He himself
was of a different opinion; but they had high
authority to sanction the belief of Michigan on
this subject—an authority that a few years ago
would not have been questioned. This people,
then, acting under this authority, and under the
authority of the act of Congress of 1805, claimed
the territory north of the line running due east
from the southern bend of Lake Michigan to
Lake Erie. One thing had surprised him, and
that was the tenacity and the ability with which
his friends from Indiana had taken up this mat-
ter, under a belief that this slip of ten miles of
their State was in danger.
Now, out of Indiana there were not ten men
who had the slightest belief that this respectable
State was in any danger of losing any part of its
territory. He admired the zeal of his friends on
this occasion, but he did not believe there was
the slightest cause for their apprehensions. As
to Ohio the case was different. Congress had
not, in the act authorizing her to form a ¡state
government, given to her any part of the country
north of the east and west line. Nor had they,
in admitting her into the Union, recognized her
right to it. The proviso in her constitution had
claimed it; and, as a matter of expediency, he
thought that Congress had the power to give it to
her ° But he would not go into any remanes on
this subject further than to say that it was his
opinion that Ohio ought to have this territory,
and that it was her interest that the question
