310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.         Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Niks.
[April 6,
Senate.
should be finally and immediately settled. He ;
would, however, undertake to predict, that if ¡
they refused to admit Michigan into the Union,
«fter depriving her of this territory, they would
do much to make the contest between her and
Ohio one of blood instead of words, and thus the
feelings and sympathies of the people would be
excited in favor of the weak against the strong.
The nation might be very unwilling that you
should pass the bill taking this territory away
from Michigan, and at the same time turning her
away from your doors, and refusing her admis-
sion as a State into the Union. He thought that
the interests of all required that this entire ques-
tion should be settled, and finally put to rest. On
one point he was inclined to agree with his friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Clatton.] He was glad
to agree with him on any occasion. It was this:
he did not think that the ordinance annexed to
the constitution of Michigan gave to her Legis-
lature, either in terms or in spirit, the right to
alter the boundaries established by it. In that
he agreed \tith him. He said, however, he would
not touch the question, whether a sovereign State
had or had not, by her Legislature, the right to
accept territory from the United States, or to cede
a part of her own to another State.
He had received a paper from Detroit, which
he presumed had been sent to every Senator, and
he therefore would not enlarge on its contents. He
was personally acquainted with Mr. Biddle, the
gentleman whose name was at the head of the
paper, and had a great respect for him; but as re-
garded the admission of Michigan, he looked upon
that paper as a most unfortunate one, calculated,
as it was, to distract and divide, and to delay and
embarrass the measures of those who were labor-
ing in behalf of her admission into the Union.
The paper undoubtedly conveyed the meaning
that the Senators and Representative of Michi-
gan had been willing to barter away the territory
of the State. Now, if ever he had met with three
pertinacious gentlemen in his life, it was these
very men, one of whom he was proud to call his
friend. The line, the irreversible line, fixed by
the act of 1803, and by the ordinance of 1787,
was the burden of every song they sang. He
should as soon have thought of obtaining the
consent of a man to deprive himself of his life, as
to have dreamt of obtaining the consent of these
three gentlemen to the relinquishment of this line.
He would do them the justice to say, that if any
member of that Senate had ever heard them
express the slightest willingness to accept the
boundary provided in this bill, he had been more
fortunate than himself. He asked any Senator
to say whether he had ever heard from them any
such intimation. He thought it would be better
to amend this bill, so as to refer the question of
boundary back to the people of Michigan, in
order that they might accept the boundaries de-*
scribed by the bill. He understood that an
amendment was prepared which would meet the
views of his friend from Delaware, by making
this boundary and the admission of Michigan go
hand in hand together; for she certainly never
could be admitted until she consented to relinquish
the claimed territory to Ohio and Indiana. He
would refer to another objection, raised by his
friend from Delaware, whom he knew to be a
reasonable man, and open to conviction; and he
thought he could satisfy him that the objection
did not in reality exist. The gentleman had said
that Michigan ought not to be admitted under her
present constitution, because by it every white
male inhabitant in the State had the right of
voting, contending that this provision gave the
right of suffrage to other than citizens of the
United States. He asked gentlemen to mark the
distinction here drawn by the gentleman from
Delaware, and to judge whether this objection
were well founded.
Michigan confined herself to such residents and
inhabitants of her territory as were there at the
signing of her constitution; and to those alone
she extended the right of suffrage. Now, we had
admitted Ohio and Illinois into the Union, two
sister States of whom we ought certainly to be
very proud. He would refer Senators to the
provision in the constitution of Ohio on that sub-
ject.    By it, all white male inhabitants, twenty-
one years of age or upwards, having resided one
year in the State, are entitled to vote.
Michigan had made the proper distinction: she
had very properly confined the elective franchise
to inhabitants within the State at the time of the
adoption of her constitution; but Ohio had given
the right of suffrage as to all future time to all
her white inhabitants over the age of twenty-one
years; a case embracing all time to come, and not
limited, as in the constitution of Michigan. He
had understood that since the adoption of her
constitution Ohio had repealed this provision by
law. He did not know whether this was so or
not; but here it was, as plain as the English lan-
guage could make it, that all the white male in-
habitants of Ohio above the ago of twenty-one
years were entitled to vote at her elections. Well,
what had Illinois done in this matter? He would
read an extract from her constitution, by which
it would appear that only six months' previous
residence was required to acquire the right of
suffrage.
The constitution of Illinois was, therefore, still
broader and more liberal than that of Ohio.
There, in all elections, all white male inhabitants
above the age of twenty-one years, having resided
in the State six months previous to the election,
shall enjoy the rights of an elector.
Now, sir, it had been made a matter of prefer-
ence by settlers to go to Illinois, instead of the
other new States, where they must become citi-
zens before they could vote; and he appealed to
the Senators from Illinois whether this was not
now the case, and whether any man could not now
, vote in that State after a six months' residence ?
Mr. ROBINSON said that such was the fact.
Mr. BUCHANAN. Now, here were two con-
stitutions of States, theSenator from one of which
was most strenuously opposed to the admission
of Michigan, who had not extended the right of
suffrage as far as was done by either of them.
Did Michigan do right in thus fixing the elective
franchise? He contended that she did act right;
and if she had not acted so, she would not have
acted in obedience to the spirit, if not the very
letter, of the ordinance of 1787. Michigan took
the right ground, while the States of Ohio and
Illinois went too far in making perpetual in their
constitutions what was contained in the ordi-
nance. When Congress admitted Ohio and In-
diana on this principle, he thought it very ungra-
cious in any of their Senators or Representatives
to declare that Michigan should not be admitted
because she has extended the right of suffrage to
j the few persons within her limits at the adoption
of her constitution. He felt inclined to go a good
deal further into this subject; but as he was ex-
ceedingly anxious that the decision should be
made soon, he would not extend his remarks any
further. It appeared to him that an amendment
might very well be made to this bill, requiring
i that the assent of the people of Michigan shall be
I given to the change of boundary. He did hope
that by this bill all objections would be removed;
and that this State, so ready to rush into our
arms, would not be repulsed because of the ab-
sence of some formalities which, perhaps, were
very proper, but certainly not indispensable.
Mr. NILES said he hoped the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] would not
be adopted.    He trusted the Senate would con-
sider well the consequences of such a course,
¡ before they gave their sanction to it.    What is
the proposition which is to be offered to the people
of Michigan, if this amendment should prevail?
It is giving them permission and authority to
form a constitution in the way and manner Con-
gress may prescribe, as the preparatory steps for
admission into the Union.   Sir, they do not ask
for this; they have not come here for this pur-
t pose; they do not now supplicate Congress for
favors; they come here to demand their rights—
to demand admission into the Union as a matter
. of right; they stand upon their rights—upon the
! rights secured to them by the ordinance of 1787.
I Gentlemen seem to forget that they have rights;
they seem to throw the ordinance out of the case,
to treat the question as though the people of
Michigan had no other right to admission than
what the Constitution secures to them.    If such
was the case, I think they are entitled to admis-
sion; but they stand upon the ordinance, which
expressly secures to the people of Mi'rhio-an
when their population shall amount to snety
thousand, the right to form a constitution, and
to be admitted into the Union on an equal footin -
with the original States, and they have now nearly
three times that population. What occasion is
there, then, for an act of Congress? Does not the
ordinance confer on them all the authority an act
of Congress could ?
Sir, they do not ask that you should point out
to them the straight and narrow path in which
they are to find their way into the Union. They
do not ask for authority to form a constitution;
they have done that heretofore; for three years
they have been memorializing Congress, and you
have turned a deaf ear to their petitions; they
have been repelled, and the door of the Senate
has been shut against them. Having for three
years been treated with neglect, having been
driven from Congress, you have forced them to
the course which they have pursued, to stand
upon their rights, secured to them by a solemn
ordinance, which is irrevocable. They have
taken the preliminary steps; they have organized
a State government, and formed a constitution,
which they have laid before Congress, and now
ask to be admitted into the Union as a matter of
right. Will you now refuse them admission,
and tell them that all they have done is wrong,
and that they must retrace their steps, and come-
here through the. straight and narrow path which
Congress may prescribe to them, but which you
refused to do when they applied to you for the
purpose? Do you think they will do this? Do
you think they will abandon the ground they
have assumed, which they have been forced to
assume? From the information I have received
from the gentlemen representing their interests
here, not on this floor, but in this city, I am per-
suaded they will not do it; should this amendment
prevail, they will spurn your law. In what situ-
ation, then, will the people of Michigan be placed,
and what may be the consequences of such an act
of Congress? It may be well for gentlemen to
consider these questions.
And why is a course so harsh, and fraught
with so much danger, to be pursued ? Why can-
not Michigan be admitted now, and in the way
she has applied Cor admission ? Numerous ob-
jections have been urged; I will not say that they
are frivolous, or that there might not be sufficient
force in them to occasion doubts, if the questions
were raised now for the first time. But such is
not the fact: every one of these objections has
been overruled in the -admission of other States.
The question which is now presented to the Sen-
ate, and which we are called upon to decide, is
whether Congress will adopt new principles in the
admission of States into the Union? This is the
true question, and I wish it to be distinctly un-
derstood. And what reasons have been urged
for this? I have heard none. When Congress
has for a long series of years acted on certain
principles, are they to be abandoned, and new
principles adopted, without cause? Have any
evils been experienced from the principles on
which Congress has acted in the admission of
States; or has public opinion condemned those
principles? If such had been the case, it might
then have been necessary to reexamine those
principles, and perhaps to abandon them, and
introduce a new course of action. Were there
any evils from the admission of Tennessee—any
in the cases of Ohio, Illinois, and Louisiana?
Why, then, shall not Michigan be admitted on
the same principles as those States ?
Sir, it would be better and more respectful to
the people of the State, to reject their application,
than to adopt the proposed amendment, which
they can view in no other light than an attempt
to coerce and force them to retrace their steps, to
undo what they have done, and fall back into a
Territory. But suppose they refuse to do this
at your bidding? They consider themselves of
age, and do not choose longer to remain under
guardianship; they claim the rights of freedom,
and ask Congress to acknowledge their rights.
They demand justice at your hands. The only
question properly before the Senate is the admis-
sion of the State, and that question I hope we
