1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Armament of Fortifications—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. BELL explained. He had not said that
they were not reported as early as at former ses-
sions, but he spoke of negligence in reference to
the prospect of a French war, &c.
Ur. CAMBRELENG. There was no negli-
gence, sir, on the part of the committee, in acting
upon and reporting these bills, nor was there, on
my part, in calling them up. I moved the con-
sideration of the Navy bill on the 13th January,
and the bill was completed in its details on that
day. Anxious to adopt prompt measures of de-
fense, the committee did not wait for the move-
ment* of the Department, but instructed me to
propose an additional appropriation of $1,050,000
for increasing our navy afloat. On that motion
a debate arose. At this time, the bill for the re-
lief of the sufferers by the calamitous fire in New
York reached the House from the Senate. Be-
lieving that a measure which was so urgently
required would be promptly adopted, I moved its
immediate consideration, never supposing that a
measure of that character would be fiercely re-
sisted for two months. I am responsible for
moving its consideration; but the committee well
know that I am in no manner responsible for the
procrastinated debate that followed.
The gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Chairman,
has thought proper to allude to my course as to
the appropriation bills. I hope he will not think
it unkind if 1 should, in return, notice his move-
ments in regard to the Navy appropriation bill.
When I moved that bill, on the 13th of January,
the gentleman immediately objected to its consid-
eration, and proposed to engage us in a debate
upon various amendments to our rules and orders.
At a moment when the question of peace or war
was undecided; when, notwithstanding the sub-
sequent discovery of the gentleman that the party
in power never contemplated a war, the question
was so nicely balanced as to baffle the soundest
judgments. At such a moment he proposed to
set aside the ordinary naval appropriation bill,
which has almost uniformly passed this House
m the month of January, without debate, and
which embraces appropriations for expenditures
in every quarter of the globe. Sir, what was the
next movement of the gentleman, when the bill
came up on the 9th of February? The Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs having previously reported
a bill providing forallextraordmary expenditures,
I had arranged with the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Bynum] to yield me the floor, that
I might withdraw my motion foran extraordinary
appropriation, in order that we might at once
pass the bill. In withdrawing my motion, I
announced that my object was to terminate the
debate, and to act immediately on these appro-
priations, as they were urgently required for the
naval service. But the moment I withdrew my
motion, the gentleman from Tennessee interposed
a second and an unexpected obstacle. He moved
to strike out one half of the appropriations for all
our navy-yards, not even excepting Pensacola,
which he has subsequently so eloquently defended.
And what was the object of his motion' To save
some three hundred thousand dollars, to provide
for the contingency of a war with France' Why,
sir, if that war had come upon us, these very
expenditures would have been tripled or quad-
rupled. That motion was subsequently modified
and limited to striking out one half of the pro-
vision for the Portsmouth navy-yard, and a debate
followed. Next came the third movement of the
gentleman from Tennessee, on the 16th of March.
I had understood that he was about to withdraw
his proposition, and I had hoped that the naval
service was no longer to be embarrassed by
delaying these appropriations; but, to my sur-
prise, the gentleman withdrew his motion only
to substitute another, to enable him to commence
a debate on the affairs of the nation. He moved
to strike out the whole appropriation for Ports-
mouth, not from hostility to that navy-yard, but
because he thought the number.ought to be
reduced.
Another and a long debate followed, which
was terminated on the 6th of April, and when
the question was finally taken the next day, the
gentleman declined voting upon his own motion'
And how was this explained ? He had intended
to modify his motion, and to submit the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Everett,] which was to strike out $63,000,
leaving #4,000 for repairs. The $63,000, every
dollar of which was for preserving our timber
boats and spars, was to be stricken out, and the
$4,000 for repairs was to remain. Why, sir,
leave the property of Government to perish, and
repair a navy-yard which it was proposed to
abandon>
1 shall not, sir, on this or on any occasion,
impute improper motives to the gentleman from
Tennessee or any other member of this House;
but he must pardon me for saying that he must
not be surprised if the public should think his
course somewhat extraordinary for a professed
friend of the Navy, and a supporter of this Ad-
ministration in all its efficient measures. Nor,
sir, ought he to be astonished, however pure and
just his motives no doubt are, if his successive
motions following this appropriation bill, as they
have done throughout the session, should be con-
nected with other movements which have had
the effect to embarrass Government and alarm
the country. Sir, even the bill for the support
of Government could not escape. After debating
it for a fortnight, and when the question was on
its final passage, the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Mercer]—a gentleman of ability and great
experience in legislation—moved to recommit it
for the purpose of appending to it a provision for
distributing three and twenty millions of the sur-
plus revenue'—a measure which, if it had been
adopted, would have effectually defeated the bill
for the support of Government. Again, sir, have
we not had call after call upon the Treasury for
weekly and monthly statements of the balance of
the public money—of the revenue from customs
and lands—of the amount of public money in, and
the condition of, the deposit banks. Have we not
had attempts, as in 1834, to excite panic and alarm
about the tottering condition of the deposit banks,
and the enormous surplus of public money, which
was all in jeopardy> Can gentlemen be surprised
if some of these extraordinary movements should
be ascribed to the then approaching elections in
Virginia, Connecticut, and Rhode Island ■> But no
matter what may have been the design of gentle-
¡1 men in both Houses, the effect has been to embar-
rass and injure every branch of the public service
—to diminish the necessary expenditures of the
year for the Army, Navy, and fortifications; and,
by postponing the appropriations for the public
service, to increase the surplus—the very evil gen-
tlemen complain of—and to add some five millions
to that large amount which they tell us is in
jeopardy! Whatever may have been the purpose
of those who are anxious for the distribution of
our surplus among the States, the interest of the
country has been sacrificed. Some millions have
been added to the balance in our Treasury, which
might have been long since applied to measures
indispensably necessary for our defense; and, by
postponing the contracts of Government, we have
now to make them at heavily increased rates.
The gentleman from Tennessee is equally un-
fortunate in his attack upon this Administration
for its extravagant expenditures. He refers
especially to the increase of those for harbors,
rivers, roads, &c, from half a million to near two
millions. These expenditures are of legislative,
and not of executive origin. If you would ascer-
tain their origin, go to your Committees on Com-
merce, Roads and Canals, and Ways and Means—
witness the importunities of members for appro-
priations, for surveys and improvements of every
kind. Sir, the class of expenditures referred to
by the gentleman embraces the Delaware break-
water, more than ten years old, and the Cumber-
land road, of some thirty years standing. No
Executive can be held responsible for extrava-
gance in public expenditures, when the legis-
lative branch of the Government is, on principle,
opposed to it. As well might the gentleman hold
this Administration accountable for the measures
of that Congress which passed the Maysville
road bill, or for rechartenng the Bank of the
United States. Mr. Chairman, the increase of
the expenditures of the Federal Government is a
very proper subject of inquiry, and there is no
period when it is more necessary than when we
nave an overflowing Treasury. One of the chief
causes of this increase is the extraordinary growth
of our population, and the expansion of our ter-
ritory; but the regulator of these expenditures,
no matter what may be the economy of the exec-
utive branch of the Government, is our Treasury.
They have uniformly risen with the flood, and
subsided with the ebb, of our revenue The
amount expended in the first legislative year
of Mr. Jefferson's administration, 1802, was
$3,700,000; in the last, 1809, it was $7,400,000.
The expenses of the Navy were tripled, and of
the Army quadrupled; necessarily so, sir, owing
to the spoliations on our commerce, and prepara-
tions for war. But when we were deprived of
our revenue by the restrictions of that day, we
find the expenditures in the first year of Mr.
Madison's administration suddenly reduced to
$5,500,000 After the war was over, we had, in
1816, an overflowing Treasury. We immediately
had projects, as now, for new and increased ex-
Cenditures of every description, which, had they
een carried into full operation, would have
increased our expenditures by this time to forty
millions annually. We were saved from this
extravagance by a sudden decline in the revenues
of the country, which obliged us to reduce even
our annual appropriation for the increase of the
Navy one half, and to curtail our expenditures in
every branch. But, even with all this forced
economy, they were reduced only to $11,200,000
in 1820 and 1821, more than double what they
had been in 1810 and 1811. In the administra-
tion of the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] the expenses rose to about
thirteen millions; but I cannot hold him any more
accountable forthe economy of a Congress, which
he could not control, than I should this Adminis-
tration for the acts of another which attempted
to recharter the Bank of the United States. The
ordinary expenditures of our Government are
now estimated at $17,000,000. In examining the
details of the increase, there will be found but
one million which can be justly considered as
of executive origin, in the Indian and naval
branches, and these expenditures are sanctioned
by public opinion throughout the country. Sir,
we have approached another crisis, when wo
have an overflowing Treasury, and it will require
the utmost caution and prudence to avoid em-
barking in the many wild schemes which we have
had, and shall have, for emptying our Treasury.
It would be well to deliberate upon them before
we adopt any new contrivance to dimmish our
surplus; it would be wise to inquire how long we
are to have an overflowing Treasury, and whether
we have, or shall have, for ten years to come, a
surplus of revenue adequate to defray even the
cost of measures which are admitted on all hands
to be indispensably necessary for the defense of
the country.
The gentleman from Tennessee seems to ap-
prehend the most disastrous consequences from
the measures adopted in relation to the Bank of
the United States. He tells us that " the mos 
' obvious and alarming accession of executive pat-
' ronage, power, and influence which has taken
' place has proceeded from the policy of the Ad-
' ministration in putting down the United States
'Bank;" and that the effect has been " to put
' the Treasury, the money power of the country,
'at the absolute disposal of the Executive."
These declarations come from a gentleman who
voted for every measure to put down the Bank
of the United States, and to ratify the removal of
the deposits! Sir, the gentleman from Tennes-
see need not be alarmed; he and his friends may
console themselves in every quarterof this Union;
for so long as this Government stands, nine tenths
of those who by law are authorized to make the
currency of the country a source of revenue, will
never be found in any great contest, whether em-
ployed by Government or not, supporting those
whom they know to be hostile to laws from which,
in part, they derive their income. No, sir, these
gentlemen will support the Opposition candidates
for the Presidency, without reference to charac-
ter, qualifications, or principles. Itis but justice,
however, to the institutions employed by Gov-
ernment to say that the public money never was
in safer hands, and that the financial arrange-
ments of the Treasury were never executed with
greater economy or dispatch. It is difficult to
understand, sir, what gentlemen mean by placing
the Treasury " at the absolute disposal of the
