su
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Armament of Fortifications—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. o  Reps.
Executive," when we all know that not a dollar
can be disbursed without our authority.   As it
regards the banks or places where the public
moneys shall be deposited, and the condition on
which such agents shall be employed, can we
blame the Executive because Congress has neg-
lected to do its duty?   We are ready to go with
gentlemen at any time into the discussion and
adjustment of this question—to surround the pub-
lic revenue with all practicable guards—to employ
other agents than banks, if such can be found;
and for one I should be gratified, and I believe
die public interest and the interests of trade gen-
erally would be essentially served, if the Treasury
were entirely to dispense with the agency of banks
of circulation, compelled as they are to expand
and contract their credit according to the frequent
fluctuations of oar revenue.   But, sir, I am not
willing to go with gentlemen for the distribution
of any portion of our surplus revenue.   That
there is, and probably will continue to be, a sur-
plus which may not be required for a short time
to come, cannot be denied; but it is equally cer-
tain that we have not only great and indispens-
able objects to apply it to, but that we are ap-
proaching a crisis in our financial affairs for which
we ought now to prepare.  What temporary dis-
position should be made of a portion of our sur-
plus is a question full of difficulty.   We must
either charge the banks an interest upon it, or
invest it for annual disbaraement.    It is a hard
alternative to choose between bad measures; it is
a choice of evils forced upon us by the temporary
condition of our Treasury.   An investment in
stocks i  proposed.   Nothing but dire necessity
should ever induce this Government to become a
dealer in stocks.   I trust we shall hereafter dis-
solve all connection between this Government and
stocks or banks, and forever suspend the powers
and duties of the commissioners of the sinking
fund.   But if we must invest a portion of our
surplus, let us not put it beyond our control; for
we shall soon have Occasion for its use.   Let it
be considered as a fund pledged to the purposes
fot which the public lands were originally ceded
the Confederation—for defraying all charges of
war, and all other expenses that shall be incurred
for the common defense or general welfare."
Mr. Chairman, the existence of a large surplus
in your Treasury is a serious evil, not beeause it
is withdrawn from the uses of trade; for that can
•nly exist where State legislation has placed un-
necessary restrictions on the employment of cap-
ital. But it is A national evil to draw, through
the medium of taxation, millions into yourTreas-
«ry before it is wanted for the purposes of Gov-
«mment. And what, sir, is the origin of this
evil? The gentleman from Tennessee, in de-
nouncing Federal principles, need not have gone
back to 1798; the measures of the Congress of
1816, so far as they affected our Constitution and
the permanent interests of our country, went far
beyond any of the measures of 1798. I refer to
this subject for no political object, and with no
hostility towards any gentleman. 1 speak of the
measures of the Congress of 1816; and, among
Others, of the tariff of that day, which laid the
fouhdation of a new system, and was the origin
of foot existing surplus. Prior to that period
the wants of Government were ascertained before
dor taxes were increased; since then, sir, we have
been taxed to benefit particular interests, without
reference to the condition of our Treasury. Under
this system millions were prematureiydrawn from
the consumption of the country, and under it we
brought ovtr Confederacy to the verge of dissolu-
tion. The celebrated compromise act—the result
of that system—-a measure we adopted to preserve
the harmony of the Union, is one of the great
causes of our existing surplus. Look at its pro-
visions.
Instead of reducing our revenue from customs,
as was recommended by the President, to an
amount equal to the wants of Government, that
act provides that four tenths of the excess of duty
beyond twenty per cent.,amounting to about nine
millions, should be reduced in the progress of
nine years, and that the six tenths of the excess
then existing should be reduced in six months!
Sir, if we can take off that amount in six months,
could we not have reduced our tariff in three
yaars?   Had we dons so, we should not now be
drawing $20,000,000 instead of $10,000,000 an-
nually from customs. And had we not disre-
garded the repented recommendations of the Pres-
ident, we should have long since revised our land
laws. For the existing surplus the legislative,
and not the executive, branch of the Government
is entirely responsible to the country.                   '
Sir, I do not believe in the continuance of an
overflowing Treasury.    I maybe deceived, but
I do not believe that the revenue under the com-
promise act, and the receipts from the public lands,
will be permanently sufficient to pay the expenses
of Government.    But if the dreams of gentlemen
are to be realised—if we are to have twenty mil-
lions from customs, and twenty more from public
lands—if we are to have no ebb, but, contrary to
the experience of ages, one eternal flood of rev-
enue—what, I ask gentlemen, will become our
duty?   I mean, sir, to excite no alarm, for I do
not believe in the existence of a permanent sur-
plus; but if we have twenty millions annually, or
any amount beyond the wants of Government,
youf compromise act, rely upon it, will not escape
modification.   We shall find that our successors
will as little respect our legislative compacts for
perpetual taxation as they will our laws enacting
perpetual corporations.   Sir, whatever may be
our theories, the people of this country, in no
portion of it, will ever consent to be taxed a
dollar beyond the wants of Government, under
any speculative pretext whatsoever.   That cele-
bratea compromise act will be examined hereafter.
Whenever it is, it will be found one of the most
Oppressive measures upon the agricultural interest
that ever was*devised.    A convention of manu-
facturing capitalists could not have framed a tariff '
more unfriendly to the agricultural and other
laboring classes.   Under our old laws luxuries
were selected as objects for the highest taxation;
under our modern policy, the taxes on these are
relinquished, and the whole weight of your rev-
enue from customs falls upon commodities indis-
pensably necessary.   Even when the duties are
t reduced, "under the compromise act, to twenty
i per cent, on a home valuation,'with cash-duties,'
charges, and exchange, it will be equal-to a pro-
tection of fifty per cent.—raising to that extent
all supplies consumed, whether of foreign 'or
! domestic Origin.   This tax upon agriculture is
imposed upon an assumption wholly fallacious,
that manufactures outgrow agriculture—the fact
is the reverse, and has been so for half a century. <
The importation of every commodity coming in
competition with ours, and of any importance,
I has uniformly increased.   The importations of
1835, in every branch, largely exceeded those in
any one year previous.   It is, therefore, mani-
festly unjust to tax our great and most valuable
interests perpetually, for the exclusive benefit bf
a small portion of the community.   Certainly,
sir, if we are to have twenty millions of revenue
from customs, as gentlemen tell us, we may spare
our country one half of this excess of unjust
taxation.                                                                !
We are also to have twenty millions of revenue
from public lands. Is this Caused by emigration?
No, sir, but a small proportion of it. It is noto-,
rtously through fraud and speculation; and to in- ¡
erease this fund for distribution we are to be the i
passive observers of these frauds, and permit j
associations of capitalists on the Atlantic border
to monopolize every acre of our rich prairies of
the West and the low lands of the South. Sir,
the public domain waseeded for no such purpose;
it was never designed to be transferred from Gov-
ernment to our capitalists. It is a noble inherit-
ance, in which eVery farmer and every farmer's
son has an interest, whether in the old or the
new States; and whatever may be the opinion of
our great land proprietors, the farmers of the old
as well as of the new States will never consent
that our public lands shall be transferred to those
who calculate on enriching themselves at the ex-
pense of the emigrant. I cannot, sir, on this
question, nor on that of our public defenses, enter
into the views of gentlemen; I cannot regulate
either by geographical rules or parallels of lati-
tude. The settlement of our western country
presents one of the sublimest scenes upon the
surface of the globe. We see the light of civil-
ization penetrating the shades of the wilderness,
and oar emigrant papulation spreading and adding
to our Confederacy new and great States, where
but a generation since all was wild and dark. I
cannot participate in the feelings of gentlemen who
mourn over such scenes, and talk of the impov-
erishment of the old States. I rejoice to see the
emigrant on his route, for I feel the assurance
that one man at least has escaped from the vas-
salage of our northern corporations to breathe
the free and independent air of the West. Our
policy in regard to our public lands has been
neither wise nor parental. Revenue should have
been a secondary consideration. The public do-
main should in every country be mainly consid-
ered as a source of wealth and population; it
should be reserved for the emigrant, and not for
the speculator. Our sales of public lands should
be restricted to those who actually settle upon
them. Your receiptB from that source would
then be regulated by emigration; they would be
steady, and we should nbt have, as we now have,
three millions in One year, and fifteen in another.
We ought not to sacrifice the interests of the
West to add to the profits of our capitalists. We
have already, by State and Federal legislation,
made our revenue and currency tributary to their
income; let us not permit our public lands to be-
come a third source of revenue, and that, too, at
the expense of agriculture. Distribute the pro-
ceeds óf your public lands, and what will be the
relative position of the manufacturing capitalist
of the East and the agriculturist of the West ?
As you increase your tariff, you increase the
surplus capital of the former, to be invested in
public lands to be sold at a profit to the latter.
On one side we have two incomes; on the other1,
double taxation. Such will be one of the results
of transferring our lands to speculators, and dis-
tributing our surplus revenue.
But, Mr. Chairman, before we engage in any
extravagant expenditures, or rashly distribute
our surplus revenue among the States, let us
examine into the condition of our finances, past,
present, and prospective, and inquire thoroughly
into the cause of the present extraordinary- con-
dition of the trade and revenue of the country.
This cannot be understood without going into
some details, and tracing the progress of our
exports, imports, customs, public lands, and
banks. The exports of domestic produce, the
permanent regulator of our revenue from cus-
toms, and generally of (he receipt  from public
lands, amounted, in 1828, to $50,000,000—they
increased, and, in 1835, reached $98,500,000.
For five years the increase was steady, rising, in
that term, from $50,000,000 to $70,000,000 in
1833; bht between 1833 and J835 they suddenly
rose to $98,500,000—in other words, at the rate
of $5,000,000 annually in the first four years—
$11,000,000 in 1834, and $17,500,000 in 1835.
Your importations for consumption, 1 mean after
deducting the amount exported, were, in 1830, at
$49,000,000. It is proper to state that I do not
refer to the statements reported from the Treas-
ury, as they include specie among the merchandise
consumed in the country, which I have excluded
in my calculations. The amount of merchandise
imported for consumption rose from $49,000,000
in 1830, ($10,000,000 below the exports of do-
mestic produce in that year,) to $87,000,000 in
1834; and in 1835 suddenly to $122,000,000,
being $23,500,000 beyond th"e exports of domestic
produce. The revenue of the first quarter of 1835
was not very large', but, judging from the im-
portations in the remainder of the year, and the
extraordinary revenue at the port of New York,
for the first quarter of the present year, there can
be no doubt of an importation foroonsumption
in the year ending the 1st of April, of from thirty-
five to¡fifty millions beyond the exports of do-
mestic produce. The receipts from the public
lands were, in 1828, about a million; they rose
gradually to $4,850,000 in 1834, andnhen sud-
denly to $14,750,000 in 1835.
Such, sir, are the evidences of sudden and ex-
traordinary overtrading. These seasons of specu-
lation are incidental to our rapidly growing coun-
try; and without any other cause, after twenty
years of peace, it was natural to expect that,
enjoying as we do, unparalleled prosperity, and
outstripping all other nations rt the growth of
wealth and population, we should be as we now
are, hurried on everywhere by a wild and uncaK
