316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Armament of Fortifications—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. of Reps.
whether in this year or the next, when the
enormously-expanded debts of the country ought
to be reduced or canceled, prices must decline,
and our revenue from customs and public lands
must suddenly give way.
- Whatever may be the surplus on the 1st of
January next, it will all be required to discharge
the actual liabilities of the Treasury, and to pro-
vide even for a small portion of indispensable
measures of defense; and as to the year follow-
ing the next, there is little probability that our
receipts from customs and lands will be equal to
the expenditures of Government without an ad-
dition to the tariff.
Such is the condition of our ¿nances, and the
prospect before us, when we are called upen on
all sides to distribute the surplus revenue to an
amount which would bankrupt our Treasury.
This is the third time when an overflowing
Treasury has threatened to change the character
•four Government. In those years of great pros-
perity, when we enjoyed the carrying trade of
the world, gentlemen of both, parties had their
projects for getting rid of the surplus. At the
close of 1808 we had $10.000,000 in the Treasury,
an amount far more formidable at that time than
$30,000,000 would be now. We were saved at
that crisis by war—a calamity infinitely less dis-
astrous in its permanent effects upon our Govern-
ment than the measure proposed. At the close
of 1816 we had remaining of our #36,000,000 of
revenue, from customs alone, $22,000,000, equal
to $40,000,000 at the present time. We escaped,
then, by being compelled , in 1820 and 1821, to
resort to the roost rigid economy, and to borrow
some seven or eight millions. I trust that this
Constitution will be saved a. third-time, notwith-
standing this powerful combination against the
Treasury. I am not surprised, sir, to see the
manufacturing capitalist zealously contending for
a distribution'of the surplus .revenue, nor am I to
see the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mercer!
and his associates, who have always advocated
Federal power; but I am. to see some .of .those
who so recently brought our Union to the verge
of dissolution, in justly resisting, however .wrong
their measures, a most oppressive system of tax-
ation—I am surprised to see the same gentlemen
wishing to secure, through the medium of a con-
stitutional amendment, and to fix forever upon
the country this tariff in disguise; for, sir, let this
proposition assume what form it may, it inevita-
bly results in an increase and distribution of your
revenue from customs. .....
Ndr, sir, «m-I-leas-astonished to see some of
the-most rigid constructionists so alarmed at the
idea, of our surplus revenue as to unite zealously
m this assault upon the Treasury. Gentlemen
whose constitutional scruples would not permit
them to vote a dollar for a light-heuse to save the
mariner from perishing ou our coast amidst the
storms of midnight, are now ready to empty the
Federal Treasury, and distribute it among the
States. They are ready to violate the solemn
pledge of the Congress of the Confederation.in
1780, before an aere of these lands were ceded,
th*t they should " be disposed of for the common
benefit of the United States—to be settled and
formed into.distinct republican States," and to
abrogate the compacts with New York in 1783,
and Virginia in 1784, by which these lands were
ceded "asa common fund for the use and benefit
of the United- States"—to be " faithfully and
benafide disposed of for that purpose, and for no
oilier ase or purpose ^whatsoever." They are
eager to annul the compacts with Massachusetts,
Connecticut, and South Carolina in 1785, '86,
and W; with North Carolina in 1789,.and finally
with Georgia tin 1802. The purpose's,, sir, for
which-these lands were ceded are not only stip-
ulated in these compacts, but they are fully ex-
plained by the'eighth article of the Confederation
to be for '■' all the charges of war, and all other
expenses that shall be incurred for the common
defense or general welfare." It never was con-
templated that the proceeds of these lands should
in any manner be applied to the local expendi-
tures of the States, and had a provision for such
a distribution been then insisted upon, the new
Constitution would have been, formed, as tho old
Confederation was, without the cession of an
acre.of these land .   Gentlemen Attempt to make
a distinction between the revenue from customs,
from lands ceded by the States, and from those
acquired by purchase from France and Spain.
Sir, every dollar in your Treasury is secured by
the same constitutional guards, the revenues of
the Confederation, and the lands ceded to it were
all for the same common and confederated pur-
poses. If there be a distinction, it is in favor of
the moneys arising from the proceeds of the
lands ceded by the States, guarantied as they are'
by compacts, more ancient than the Constitution
itself, and which, in strict good faith, cannot be
canceled even by a constitutional amendment.
We have, also, among the advocates of dis-
tribution, however strange it may appear, some
of the most decided enemies of consolidation and
zealous advocates of the rights of the States. A
more fatal measure to the States, or a more cer-
tain one to effect consolidation, could not be de-
vised. Should we once commence distribution,
we should have our lobbies filled, session after
session, with committees of' your Legislatures,
humbly presenting their State memorials, peti-
tioning for an increase of the Federal fund for
distribution; praying Congress for an increase of
our tariff, and for the more rapid sale of the pub-
lic lands; millions of acres would be disposed of
by contract to swell the .distribution fond. If
customs and public lands both failed to answer
toe-urgent petitions of the States, you would have
memorials to restore the .public debt; and if that
was not sufficient, a charter of a Bank of tha Uni-
ted States would be disposed of for $10,000,000
more, for the purpose of distribution. Once com.-
menee this revolutionary proposition in any form,'
and it at once becomes the permanent policy of
the Government. Your Legislatures will be seen
scrambling for the plunder of your Treasury;
every officer, State and Federal, from the highest
to the lowest, would depend for his bread on a
common Treasury. Your Governors would be-
come mere viceroys, and your States would he
degraded to the condition of .provinces. We
should hear no more of State rights. then, sir.
The gentleman from Tennessee would .then real-
ize his description of a " great central moneyed
power,1' controlling and corrupting every branch
of your State and Federal Governments.., Your
" State Assemblies" would then, indeed, become,
as he says, " the supple and .convenient instru-
ments of the Federal Executive," and be " pros-
tituted to purposes of Federal power aad domina-
tion."      ...
Mr. Chairraan,.gentiemen who are friendly to
the defenses of our country cannot go for the dis-
tribution of the surplus among the States. We
have net the means to do both.. Be .-your surplus
what it may, you cannot execute one half of the
measures of defense which are admitted on all
hands' to be indispensable. Sir, this question of
public defense is no party question. It is not a
measure exclusively of this Administration, not-
withstanding the argument of the gentleman from
Tennessee about the new and extravagant meas-
ures which were proposed by the party now in
power. Every gentleman .who has discussed the
question of our surplus revenue has admitted the
defenseless condition of our country* and avowed
himself an advocate of efficient measures of der
fense. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Evans,]
from Virginia, [Mr. Mebcer,] even the gentle-
man from Tennessee himself, has declared hitn-;
self ready to vote for liberal appropriations for
the Navy, and for such fortifications as may be
necessary for the defense of the country. He
has reprob&ted—justly reprobated, our utterly
defenseles$ condition. ' Welt, sir, if gentlemen
are in earnest—if, in a spirit of patriotism, we
are alt determined to unite, and to execute these
necessary measures of defense, where, let me ask
gentlemen—whether we distribute any portion of
our surplus or flot—where are we to get the. mil-
lions which will be required to finish any one
branch of our public defense to the extent pro-
posed? We have estimates amounting to more
than sixty millions for fortifications. I concur
with gentlemen in the impolicy of attempting to
line our extensive coast from Mexico to Canada
with fortifications—of engaging in enormous and
useless expenditures for defending every inlet
and river. But, sir, strike out the whole of these
superfluous .works; confine yourself to works
now in construction, and to others which are ad-
mitted to be indispensable, and the least amount
which will be required would be equal to the
whole of our surplus revenue. But look at the
condition of the fortifications already constructed.
In Boston nota gun can be fired. In New York
where we ought to have three hundred cannon
mounted, we have sixty. At Fortress Monroe,
where we should have two hundred, we have but
forty-three. In New Orleans, instead of one hun-
dred, we have twelve. The Inspector General
says:
" More than a thousand heayy guns and carriages must
be mounted, before our principal cities could be considered
in anything like a defensible condition; and in case of war
with a foreign Power, the armament contemplated would
require to be greatly increased." "All of which is required
independent of the armament necessary for the defense of
the less important cities and towns on the sea-coast."
And what amount will your Navy require?
The Navy, sir, has been the most neglected
branch of our public defense, considering its im-
portance, from the commencement of the Govern-
ment to the present time. It was not until 1798,
under a much denounced Administration, that it
was permitted to become an independent depart-
ment. It has fought its way into the confidence
of every Administration, and has become the
favorite of all. parties. On this branch of our
defense- we have but one voice. And yet, sir 
look at its condition. I would not degrade-our
country by instituting a comparison between the
Navy of the United States and that of Great
Britain or France. I would not disgrace it by
comparing it even with the fleet of the Pacha of
Egypt.
Our Navy is inadequate to the protection of
our commerce, and in no degree corresponds with
our relative maritime Power, or our rank among
nations. It is not strong enough to form any part
of our coast defense in case of war, nor to dis-
cipline our officers in time of peace. We should
have a. small force on our own coast, of which our
officers- know too little; a considerable increase in
the Gulf of Mexico, and also in the Pacific: In
the event of war with a maritime Power, in tha
absence of a strong force in the Pacific, the first
sacrifice would be our whale trade, with ten thou-
sand of the most effective mariners in the world.
Wei cannot employ our surplus revenue more
wisely than in increasing this most powerful arm
of our defense. The estimates of our .¡Navy
commissioners amount to twenty-three millions,
and, with some additions and allowances for esti-
mates, will probably reach forty millions, which
Would all be required, and should be expended,
whenever it is compatible with other interests and
the condition of our Treasury.
Are we to make no provision, sir, for our
inland and equally defenseless frontiers? Can « e,
at the moment we are called upon to distribute
our surplus revenue—can we estimate within ten
millions the amount that may be required within
twelve months to protect our countrymen in
Florida,Louisiana, Arkansas,and Missouri? Sir,
while every heart is quivering with agony at the
horrid massacres of our countrymen .by the Sem-
inóles, I cannot be startled by the specter of a
standing army* raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee. Our frontiers must be protected,
cost what it may. We have one Indian war on
our hands, and before three mouths we may havo
another.   !
I wish, sir, to excite no alarms of war; but* do
wish' tOfálarm gentlemen who would empty our
Treasury ata^risis like the present. I wish them
to examine well the war-cloud that hangs o er our
southern-border. We shall, I know, respect the
rights of nation , and endeavor to maintain our
neutrality. But, sir, that war is not to bo de-
termined ina.single campaign; no matter wb*eJ 
party may conquer, the war wdl be renewed,
and continued so long as Mexico struggles for
dominion over Texas. On the one side the üde
of emigration sets in that direction; on the other
they have means, supplies, and disciplined troops.
We may avoid being involved in that contro-
versy; but is there nothing in the character of
the parties—nothing in the position of the war—
nothing in .the hostile disposiuon of the Indian
tribes, who may be easily excited to war—nothing
in the movements within our own borders which
no proclamations of neutrality can control?   la
