1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.                    The Distribution Land Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
there not danger that our territory may be vio-
lated' Are all these circumstances nothing' Is
this a crisis when our surplus should be distrib-
uted' I have great confidence, sir, in this Ad-
ministration, especially in the management of
our foreign relations, but if we ultimately escape
bemj involved, in some way, in this contest, they
will deserve credit for extraordinary skill and
ability Mexico cannot permanently maintain
her dominion over that province, and she will
not surrender it without a long struggle. What-
ever may be the result of the campaign, or the
duration of the contest, no one can estimate the
amount which will bs required for the protection
of that frontier. We should have, at this very
moment, a force there sufficient to command the
respect of both parties—to prevent our territory
from being violated, and to protect our country-
men from the consequences of the savage war
actually existing on that frontier
While such is the condition of things at home,
what is the political aspect abroad' We see all
Europe converted into a camp, where two mil-
lions of troops stand ready for war. We see two
great alliances contending, not only, as of old,
for the balance of power ^ but for hostile princi-
ples of government—preparing, evidently pre-
paring, for a general war on that continent.
Whenever it comes, can we escape spoliations
on our commerce'—can we avoid being involved
in it' We may, sir, avoid both by promptly
and vigorously attending to the defenses of our
country, and by increasing our Navy. Let us
discharge these essential duties, and we shall not
again have our flag insulted, our commerce plun-
dered, and our country disgraced by invasion.
Let us attend to our national defenses, and we
shall preserve tranquillity at home, and cause
our flag to be respected in every quarter of the
globe.
Mr. Chairman, such is the state of our affairs
at home—such the prospect abroad, and yet, sir,
we have gentlemen, distinguished as statesmen
and financiers of great experience and reputation,
contending zealously and eloquently for a distri-
bution of our surplus revenue, at the very moment
they tell us they are ready to make the most lib-
eral appropriations now and prospectively for
our national defenses Let me entreat gentlemen
to pause—let me entreat them not to squander
our revenue at a crisis like the present. The
amount of our surplus, however high it may go
before the tide of revenue subsides, will not dis-
charge existing claims upon Government, and
complete even a part of the measures proposed—
measures indispensable to our defense. We are
at this moment merely anticipating the collection
of our revenue—we are approaching a series of
years when the receipts from customs and public
lands will scarcely equal, if they do not fall be-
low, the amount necessary to defray the ordinary
expenses of our Government. I hope, sir, under
«uch circumstances, we shall not distribute our
surplus, but that we shall husband our resources,
reserve a portion to meet any deficiency which
may occur hereafter, and appropriate the remain-
der, with a wise economy, to measures indis-
pensable for our national defense.
THE DISTRIBUTION LAND BILL
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
April 27,1836.
■The bill to appropriate for a limited time the
proceeds of the sales of the Public Land* among
the States, and to grant lands to certain States,
was taken up as the order of the day.
Mr BENTON moved to postpone the bill, for
the purpose of taking up the bill making appro-
priations for fortifications.
Mr B said he would take the sense of the
Senate in the most formal manner, on this mode
of proceeding with the business of the country.
It was now the end of the fifth month of the ses-
sion, and scarcely a bill for the service of the
country had yet been passed. He had been
fifteen years a member of the Senate, and had
never seen the parallel of it before. Not to go
into the enumeration of the immense number of
wu« lying upon the tables, and not acted upon,
here was the fortification bill, reported in January
from the Military Committee, and not yet acted
upon, although there were no appropriations for
fortifications last year. The Senate and the
House had both engaged in ample discussions to
show who was in fault for the failure of the forti-
fication bill last year, no such discussion would
be necessary to show who occasioned the virtual
defeat of it this year. Mr. B considered the
fortification bills for the present year as virtually
defeated • The year would be half out before the
appropriations would be ready; and by that time
the season for work in the South would be gone
by, and in the middle and north workmen and
laborers would be engaged for the season; and
the United States would find it difficult to obtain
laborers, and be under the necessity of paying
enhanced prices for them.
His present motion was intended to bring things
to an issue, it was to have the sense of the Sen-
ate formally taken upon the question of proceed-
ing with the fortification bill, and therefore he
should move, and should ask the yeas and nays
upon it, to postpone the land distribution bill for
a week, and in the meantime to proceed with the
fortification bill, and afterwards with all the bills
for appropriations and for the defense of the
country. The distribution bill was now the an-
tagonist, not of fortifications only, but of every
bill for the service of the country It was the
antagonist of every bill that tended to diminish
the mass of money for distribution. Many were
the bills which had already suffered undent—too
many to be enumerated, but the fate of one, that
of the Cumberland road bill, was too striking in
itself, and too clearly characteristic of the distri-
bution policy, and its effects upon the country,
to be overlooked. This bill was to carry on the
oldest and best-established work of internal im-
provement in the country, one resting upon com-
pact, and sanctioned by every Administration
from Mr. Jefferson's time to the present day.
This road was to go to the Mississippi at the
least, and appropriations for it were brought in
early in the session What was the fate of that
appropriation' A sacrifice to the distribution
scheme' It was resisted for many weeks, the
amount reduced, and a determination openly an-
nounced to discontinue the only thing that could
give it any value, that of making it permanent by
macadamizing or graveling. Thus the Cumber-
land road has fallen a victim and a sacrifice to the
distribution spirit, and the fate of that bill is to
be the fate of many more. At present the forti-
fications are to suffer, and may be considered as
defeated for this year. Thus far nothing ha 
been done. All bills for the service of the coun-
try have been delayed and postponed; all the
heavy appropriations have been kept back, and
for a purpose which is perfectly understood in
this Chamber, and ought to be understood by
the country. It is to make a surplus1 It is to
make a fictitious, delusive, and unreal surplus,
to excite the cupidity of distributees, and to form
the new rallying point of the same party which
has had the career of so many new projects and
changes in a few years past. They now proclaim
a surplus of thirty millions in the Treasury; and
how have they got it there' By stopping the
appropriations, by delaying every bill that they
can, by cutting down every appropriation to the
lowest dollar' By these tactics they have suc-
ceeded in damming up the money in the Treasury,
while the business of the country has stopped for
want of that money. Every branch of service is
suffering for want of the money now in the Treas-
ury, and which is ridiculously called surplus,
while the officers of the Government are in vain
calling for it.
Mr. B. said that every person knew, or might,
that ofEceis were borrowing money, or getting
public money without law, from banks, to carry on
the public business, while Senators here are pro-
claiming a surplus of $30,000,000, and absolutely
refusing to go on with appropriation bills; and
giving all their time and all their pathetic elo-
quence to the miseries of an overburdened Treas-
ury. More than that, salaried officers, with pay
due them, are borrowing money at usury for
the support of their families, while we sit here
refusing to vote their pay, and indulging in
sorrowful lamentations over the impossibility of
ever getting rid of the public money, except by
dividing it out They are shedding real tears
over their empty pockets, while we are shedding
fictitious and crocodile tears over the fullness of
the Treasury. Such were the first fiuits of this
most fatal and ruinous policy of distribution It
would soon manifest its hideous spirit in the de-
feat of the most important and the most necessary
bills, and he, (Mr. B ,) without treading upon for-
bidden ground, might allude to what was publicly
known, that a treaty had been made with the
Cherokees last year requiring $5,500,000, and
another with Indians in Michigan for $1,750,000,
and that now, at the end of five months, neither
of these treaties were acted upon ' and could not
be passed without putting an end to this lament-
ation about the surplus. Everything had to be
kept back to swell a surplus, to make an ostensi-
ble amount in the Treasury, and then everything
that could be defeated would have to be defeated,
in order to save that ostensible surplus for dis-
tribution. Hence a new and fell spirit was
brought into our legislation—a spirit wholly in-
tent upon getting at the money in the Treasury,
and pushing aside, trampling down, and cutting
off every measure for the good of the country,
which threatened to take a dollar from this adored
surplus
How is it (said Mr B.) with this bill > What
right has it to take precedence over the fortifica-
tion bill, and the other bills for the service of the
country> Surely the supplies ought to be voted
before the excess is thrown away; surely the
surplus ought to be ascertained before it is dis-
tributed. This is regular and natural; but if it
was done, the surplus scheme would be blown
up All the money in the Treasury, and more
too, would be appropriated; the $30,000,000 would
be gone, and the duped and deceived distributees,
who are now, each one, with slate and pencil,
calculating the amount of his share, would find
that the vision had vanished; the mountain had
disappeared, and the appropriation bills had cov-
ered every dollar that he was counting up for
distribution This was thetrue reasonforpushing
the distribution bill; this was the true reason for
keeping it ahead of all other bills; if it were post-
poned until after the bills for the service of the
country were passed, then the delusion of the
surplus could not be kept up. Even now, within
this hour, by the good fortune of getting the
Navy bill and a Florida war bill through, we had
reduced the surplus between seven and eight
millions; still that seven or eight millions will
still flourish in the speeches of gentlemen. Sup-
pose these bills had been passed two months ago,
and the Indian treaties ratified two or three
months ago, then half the surplus would have
been gone, and a great many fine speeches spoiled.
This would have been the consequence of pro-
ceeding regularly and naturally, and ascertaining
the surplus before it was used.# Even now, if
the Administration party in the Senate is strong
enough to bring on the business of the country,
if that party is strong enough to vote money for
the service of the country, and to ratify treaties,
two weeks will explode this bubble of a surplus,
and show eveiy dollar in the Treasury, and more
too, covered by appropriation bills, and in a reg-
ular course of expenditure for the public service.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
motion to postpone, and lost—yeas20, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Cutbbert, Ewuig of Illi-
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Lran, Moore, Morns, Nuea, Rives, Robinson, Rug
gles, Shepley.Tallmadge, Walker, and Wnght-30
NAYS-Messrs Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton, CnttendeD, Davis, Ewing of Ohio,Goldsborough,Hen-
dncks Kent, Kn.ght, Le,gh, McKean> MangumNaudam,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston Bobbins, Southard,
Swift, Tomlinson, Webster, and White—36
Mr BENTON remarked that some gentlemen
might have voted against his motion because the
postponement was to a day certain He would
now make another motion, which was to lay the
bill on the table for the purpose of taking up the
bill making appropriations for fortifications
This motion was also decided m the negative-
yeas 21, nays 26, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Brown, Cuthbert, Ewing of Illi
nois, Grundy, Hill, Hubbard, King of Alabann, King of
Georgia, Lmn, Moore, Morns, Niles, Rives, Robinson, Bug-
gies, Shepiey, Taumadgc, Tipton, Walker, and Wnght-21.
