si8
APPENDIX T6 THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
24th^CoÑg7... 1 st Sess.    The Distribution Land Bill—Mr. Éváng, Mr. Walker, Mr. Clay, etc.
Senate.
$ AYS—Messrs Black, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton Crittenden, Davis Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborougn, Hen-
dricks, Kent, Knight, Leigh, McKean, Mangum, Naudaiii,
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Jtobbins, Southard,
Swift, Touiliiison, Webster, and White—36.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, moved to amend the
bill bv striking out all after the words ««United
States " to the words •' thirty-six," in the seventh
line, and insert: " one fourth part on the 4th day
©f July, 1836, and one fourth part at the end of
each ninety days thereafter, until the whole shall
be paid;" which amendment was agreed to.        ,
[The above amendment fixes the periods of
distribution.]                                                          '
Mr. ROBINSON here moved the following
amendment, to come in as an additional section:
Sec. — •*** he O farther enacted, That all toads belong-
ing to the United States which have been, or hereafter
nay be, subject to entry at private sale for twenty years
and upwards, and nave not been sold, shall hereafter be
■old at one dollar per acre, and at a reduction in price of
tea per centum every five years, until the pries of such
toada be reduced to fifty cents per acre.
Mr. WALKER said he would be glad if the
gentleman would confine his amendment to actual
settlers. Too many of the public lands were now
taken op by speculators; and if the reduction was
made in favor of all purchasers, the public domain
would pass into their hands, with little benefit to
the eolti'vatora, in whose favor the gentleman, no
doubt, proposed his amendment. He would,
therefore, move to amend the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois by adding the following:
Provided, That no person, under the provisions of Ais
act, shall be authorised or permitted to enter, at the prices
specified by this act, more than three hundred and twenty
acres, or two quarter sections in subdivisions not less tbaD
a quarter-quarter section, in his or her own name, or in the
name of any other person, for his or her own use, and in
a  case, unless he or she intends it for settlement or culti-
vation, or the use of his or her improvement; and the per-
son applying to make an entry under this act shall file bis
or her affidavit, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe, that he or she makes the
entry in his or her own name, for his or her own benefit,
and not in trust for another: Jliid provided alio, That no
patent shall issue to any person making said entry until
three years thereafter; and that any sale, contract for sale,
lease, or contract for lease, of said lands so entered under
the provisions of this act, which may be made prior to the
emanation Of the patent, shall be utterly null and void,
and shall operate as a forfeiture of the title to the United
States: And provided also, That said entry shall not be
made at the reduced price, unless it isproved, ander such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe, that said applicant at the date of said entry was in
possession of said tract proposed to be entered, or culti-
vating the adjacent tract.
Mr. CLAY observed that the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Robinson] was to
reduce the price of all lands which have been in
the market twenty years down to fifty cents per
acre, making a reduction of ten per cent, every
year for a period of five years.   The proposition
of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker]
was to confine the proposed reduction to what
he considered actual settlers.   He must repeat
that he had th< most insuperable objections to
any alteration of the existing prices of the public
lands.   According to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, the person making the
entry must file an affidavit of his intention to settle
and cultivate the land.   Now, who could know
what any man's intention was; or how could it
be proved, should< he violate his contract, that it
was not his intention at the time of making the
affidavit to fulfill it ?   Could he not say that such
was his intention, and that he changed his mind?
It was true that the patent would not issue for
three years, yet that would not prevent the per-
son making the entry from getting it, even if he
did not settle and cultívale the land.  He believed
that the introduction of the principle of graduation
would be this: it would throw the question of
reduction before the new States, which would
continually agitate them with hopes of farther
reduction.   The question of reduction would be
brought into the elections, and candidates would
build their hopes on it.   If they looked to the
land salea,, they would find there was no reason
for reduction, as they had increased to such an
extent that they would this year amount to
twenty-four millions.     There  was no earthly
motive for the reduction, as respected the sales
and the consequent settlement of the public lands.
The new States were increasing at a ratio of
eighty-seven and a half per cent., while the old
m*w***ere increasing o ly two and * half pep
cent. Indeed, some new States were increasing
at the rate of eighteen per cent., and Mississippi
was increasing at a still greater ratio. The set-
tlement of the public lands was sufficiently rapid
for all safe and salutary purposes, and for the
well-being of the new States themselves. Any
plan of the reduction of prices would only tend to
increase speculation and the interests of the new
States, as well as the old, were actually opposed
to it.
Mr. WHITE said if the gentleman would
modify his motion so as to require the person
declaring his intention to settle to be the head of
a family, to make an actual settlement on the
land, and to continue to reside upon and cultivate
it for three years, with a provision that it shall
be forfeited to the Government if he removed or
transferred the land within that period, he would
vote for it; otherwise, he must De compelled to
vote against both the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois and that of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. WALKER replied that if the Senator from
Tennessee would confine his restriction on the ¡
settler to one year he would agree to it. It would
be a hard condition on the settler to compel him to
reside three years on the land before getting his
title. He wished the amendment to apply not
merely to the actual settlement, but to the actual
settlement and cultivation. He thought that a
cultivator who resided on ,a small tract, and
wished to increase his cultivation by entering the
adjoining tract, should be permitted to do so.       I
Mr. ROBINSON could not give his assent to
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
because it would produce injurious effects; and I
was not at all necessary, because his amendment
went on the principle that the lands that had been
in the market for twenty years were not worth
more than one dollar per acre. He did not know*
how it was in the other States, but he knew that i
in Illinois it was better for a man to give $1 25
for fresh, lands, than to have these refuse lands
given him for nothing.   The reduction was so
gradual and so small, that he was surprised that
any objections had been made to it.   There was I
no inducement for any human being to enter these j
lands for any purpose whatever, except actual i
settlement and cultivation.  His plan would offer '
no inducements whatever to speculation, and he
hoped that this moderate reduction, so long asked
for by the new States, would be made.
Mr. PORTER said that the amendment was
only intended to secure the rights of the poorer
class of persons who might make settlements on
the public lands, and he would therefore vote for
it.
The question was here taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment; and it was lost.
The question then recurring on Mr. Robinson's
amendment,
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, suggested to him that
he would obtain more favor for it by adding the
words " twelve and a half" after the word " dol-
lar;" which Mr. R. agreed to, and modified his
amendment accordingly.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the amendment
by providing that the person making the entry
should be the head of a family, and continue to
reside on the land for three years before receiving
his patent, and that in case he removes from or
transfers the land, it shall revert to the United
States; prefixing to it the first part of Mr.
Walker s amendment.
After some remarks from Mr. WALKER,
Mr. PORTER observed that he did not want
to enter into a discussion with the Senator from
Mississippi as to the relative merits of Missis-
sippi and Louisiana. He only j-ose to notice
some remarks of the gentleman, which deserved
the most serious consideration. The policy of
the Government had beep to remove the Indians
from the new Siates, and to throw them on the
frontiers; and had he known as much when this
policy was first put into operation, he would have
protested against it with all his might. The
Indians had been taken from the places where
nature intended them to be, and cast upon the
borders of his State, from whence, in time, they
might prove a source of the most serious annoy-
ance and danger. They were now in such num-
bers, upon the frontiers, that it only required
some master-spirit among them—some Tecum-
seh—to stir up a war which would carry blood
and desolation from the Mississippi to the banks
of the Sabine.
Mr. LINN returned thanks to his honorable
friend from Louisiana for coming to his aid, and
for the opinions expressed on this occasion. Yes,
sir, a £enius of the commanding character ofTe-
cumseh, possessing a mind to conceive, and a
hand to execute, could form combinations among
the discordant elements that would set that whole
border in a blaze. They are our hereditary enemies,
and we may expect such combinations. From the
moment the foot of the first white man touched
the soil of this continent, a system of injustice
and aggression commenced towards the Indians,
which has been persevered in and perfected, until
they find themselves on the confines of the great
western plains, far from their homes and the
graves of their fathers. Their hatred, therefore,
is natural. But the laws governing population
can no more be stayed than the tides of the ocean.
Cain slew Abel; and the farmer will ever possess
power over the hunter or herdsman. The Indians
are therefore a doomed race; treat them with all
the kindness and humanity in your power, and
to this melancholy complexion must it come at
last. To relieve the old States from the evils of
their presence, they have been placed along the
western line of frontier. Against the danger to
us of their existence there, you will surely not
refuse us protection — ample protection. But
should Congress in a moment of delusion refuse,
we will be compelled, reluctantly compelled, to
resort to the first law of our nature, necessity, for
protection. Should the hour of trial come, we
will be forced either to kill off your Indians, or
by reversing the kind and humane policy of the
Government, which has ever exerted its influence
to prevent collisions between the different tribes,
excite them to kill each other off. It will be for
Congress to say whether either horn of the di-
lemma should be presented us. He said he found
himself wandering from the object which induced
him to obtrude himself on the notice of the Sen-
ate. He rose merely to state that for months
previous to the celebrated Black Hawk having
crossed the Mississippi to commence the war
which afterwards raged, he had dispatched emis-
saries to every tribe from the Mississippi to the
Sabine  with a view to form combinations, and
holding out inducements to the different tribes to
make a simultaneous attack on the whole line of
frontier. He said, from the information which
had been imparted to him, and which came from
a source every way to be relied on, he felt him-
self perfectly justified in asserting, that if Black
Hawk had gained a decisive battle, such an as-
sault would have been made, the consequences
of which would have been such as to harrow up
every feeling of the soul.
That such combinations will take place, no
reasonable, thinking man will permit himself to
doubt. If, when the Indians resided in the very
heart of many of the States, surrounded by a
white population, broke through all restraints,
and commenced war, what may we not expect
from them in their present position ? Why, sir,
we may expect, whenever it suits their thirst for
plunder or revenge, to have our exposed borders
attacked, our women and children to pass under
the tomahawk.and scalping-knife, and,our prop-
erty destroyed. They can burn, plunder,'and
destroy; and if met at length by an overpowering
force, they can fly to the boundless plains behind
them, where they can sustain themselves on the
countless herds of buffalo that roam over these
plains, until such period as they may think proper
to renew the attack.
Nothing, at some future day, will prevent this,
state of things, but the presence of a force suffi-
ciently great to overawe the disaffected, and
restrain the unruly. The presence of such force
is due to them from humanity, and to us from
justice. He said that, previous to his arrival
here, this subject had excited his attention; ana
amone the first measures proposed by lum was a
depot of arms, a military road from fteMwu-
sippi to Fort Gibson, and an increase of the mili-
tary force of the United States. On the latter
subjection a call made by him,) the Secretary
at Warhad sent to the Senate an elaborate and
