1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE OQNGfiüSSIONAi, GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Skss.
Lend Dittribwtian BiU—Mr. Wright.
Swam.
partly of a proper  nd partly of aa improper
charge against.the Treasury. The "forfeited
land stock," so called, (Mr. W. said,) he was
informed had accrued in this way: Formerly the
Government sold the public lands upon a credit
of five years, the purchase money being payable
id yearly installments, with the condition in the
certificates, or contracts of purchase, that, in case
the purchaser did not perform the contracta by
making the payments at the times stipulated, he
forfeited all payments made prior to his default.
During the practice under this system, a large
amount of forfeitures, accrued, and the Govern-
ment resumed the possession of the land, the
payments made by the respective purchasers,
prior to their forfeitures, still remaining in the
public Treasury. The amounts thus paid and
forfeited were so large as to cause the subject to
be brought before Congress, and laws were passed
directing a stock, or scrip, to be issued to the
various individuals who had made the payments
thus forfeited, or to those claiming under them,
authorizing the holder of the stock of scrip to
locate, at the mioimum price of the Government,
a quantity of the public lands equal to the value
of the stock so held. This, therefore, was, in
effect, a mere «ale of ao much land for money
paid into the Treasury in advance, and, to the
extent of the " forfeited land stock," is a proper
charge against the Treasury, in a just statement
of the account between it and the public lands.
The other part of this item designated "mili-
tary scrip," Mr. W. said ke supposed to be «crip
issued for military bounty lands to the Virginia
line of the array of the Revolution, and to be sub-
ject to the same objections as a charge in this
account which he had previously urged against
the " Army land warrants." It was most clearly
a debt against the Government payable and paid
in lands; and aa the lands were conveyed to this
Government by all the States "as a common
fund" "for the use and benefit of the several
States, according to their usual respective pro-
portions in the general charge and expenditures," ,
it was impossible to conceive how a debt of this !
character, assumed by this Government as one j
of the considerations of the cession of the lands
■by Virginia, And paid in the same lands, can
now be considered a proper charge against the ,
common Treasury upon a settlement of accounts '
between it and those lands, with a view to ascer-
tain their.net proceeds aow in that Treasury.       '
Mr, W, said this was a heavy Item, amount-
ing to $1,719,333 53, and he deeply regretted that
he was not able to determine, and to inform the
* Senate, what portion of this sura consisted of i
"forfeited lana stock, "and what portion of" mil- j
itary scrip," because it put it out of his power to
make a precise statement of this part of the ac- '
count in a manner which be could assent to as
accurate and just.                                                |
These remarks, however, .went as far as it was
in his power to go to purge the statement made
by the Committee on Public Lands as to the gross
proceeds from the public lands properly charge-
able to the national Treasury. He would not
attempt to bring down a sum, because the two
compound items in the account, the second and
the fifth, is the «rder he had observed, in their
examination, rendered it impossible for him to
do so with accuracy; and it had been and should
lie his abject to adhere to facts, as far as he could
.possess -himself of them, and when conjecture
, must be resorted to,, to yield all tq the friends of
.this bill.
In ceasequence, therefore, of his inability to
.separate the improper from the proper portions
of these two items, (Mr. W. said,) he would
Allow the whole of both to the lands, and present
a result stated upon that basis. It will be as
follows:
The gross amount before given, as slated by the
ComnuUeeenPuo)icL«nds,wae$64,029,496 61
Dedsetfrsttitbat amount the oingte
item designated «'Mississippi
stoek'l..:...„..............   2,448,789 44
Asd it will leave a balance of. ,$61,580,797 17
This
seeds
is balance is larger than the true gross pro-
i of the public lands, calculated from this
statement, by the whole amount included in the
second item, under the designation of " Army
land warrants;" and in the fifth item, under the
designation of " military scrip;" but.as neither of
these amounts can be ascertained from the docu-
ments before the Senate,although they are known
to constitute a large majority of both the items
with which they are connected, amounting, to-
gether, to $2,703,523 44, they will be overlooked,
and the balance last given, including the " Army
land warrants" and the " military scrip," will,
for the purposes of this argument, be considered
the correct amount of the gross proceeds of the
public lands.
Mr. W. said it followed, of course, that his
next duty was to show the amount of expenses
properly chargeable against the lands, and con-
sequently to be deducted from the gross proceeds,
as above ascertained, in order that he might arrive
at the " net proceeds "in the Treasury on the 30th
of September last.
To do this, from authority, and in a manner
calculated to carry conviction to the mind, he
must refer to two reports from the Secretary of
the Treasury, made to the Senate in obedience
to calls for the purpose, or rather to a call, as the
one report was supplemental to, and amendatory
of, the other. He referred to Senate documents,
upon the executive file, Nos. 65 and 80. The
first in the order of numbers, though the last in
fact made, showed that the money paid from the
Treasury on account of the Cumberland road was
$5,956,024. The second,as numbered, although
the first and principal report, to which the former
was a supplement, showed the following expendi-
tures on account of the public lands, viz:
1. For expenditures under the head of the In-
dian department, which (Mr. W. said) he under-
stood to be the expenses of Indian treaties; for
the purchase of Indian titles to the public lands;
the purchase-money paid to the Indians for those
titles; the annuities in lieu of purchase-money;
the expensé of the removal and subsistence of
Indians; and perhaps some other small items,
incidental to the administration oí our Indian
affairs, amounting in all to $17;541,560 19.
' 2. For the purchase of Louisiana, by the con-
vention with France of the 3d of April, 1803,
$15,000,000, and the interest paid upon the stock
issued for the payment of the purchase-money,
from the time of the issue until its final re-
demption, $8,539,353 43, amounting together to
the sum of $23,529,353 43.
3.  For the purchase of Florida, by the con-
vention with Spain of the 22d of February, 1819,
$5,000,000, and the interest paid upon the stock
issued for the payment of the purchase-money,
from the time of the issue until its final re-
demption, $1,489,768 66, amounting together to
$6,489,768 66.
4.  Payments to the State of Georgia as a part
consideration for the lands ceded by that State to
the United States, including,in the sum charged,
the value of the arms furnished to the State under
the compact of cession, $1,250,000.
5.  The amount paid from the Treasury to
redeem that portion of the Mississippi stock
(Yazoo claims) which was not canceled by the
f rants of land in extinguishment of the stock, as
efore referred to; and here (Mr. W. said) was
the strongest argument he could desire to show
the proprietyof the-deduction he" had made of
the amount of the Mississippi stock, paid in
lands, from tire gross proceeds of the public lands,
as "given by the committee which reported the
bill. Here was a charge by the Treasury against
the lands of $1;832,375 70, for so much money
paid to redeem that portion of the stock which
had not been canceled by the grant of land*! and
one or the other proposition must unavoidably 1>e
true, to witr either this esarge by the Treasury
against the lands, on account of ths redemption
of this stock is wrong and ought net to be made,
ot the, charge made in the statement of the com-
mittee, of $2,448,789 44, against the Treasury,
and ia rayor of the lands, in consequence of the
redemption of so much of the stock by grants of
lands, must be erroneous. Which proposition,
then, can be sustained? To determine this ques-
tion, it is only necessary to inquire how this
indebtedness against the Government attached,
and upon what consideration it was incurred?
The answers to these inquiries have already beeo
given.
The consideration to this Government was the
cession of the public lands by the State of Geor-
gia, and the debt attached when this Government
stipulated, as one of the conditions of the com-
pact of cession, to indemnify the State of Georgia
to the extent of these payments against the Yazoo
claimants. The Treasury of the nation received
nothing, and should pay nothing; but the claims
grew out of the lands ceded, were a part of the
consideration of the cession; were by this Gov-
ernment made payable out of the lands ceded;
and if money was called from the Treasury to
cancel those claims, it was so called for and paid
on account of the lands, and formed a proper
charge against them. Hence the propriety oí
the item now under consideration, charged by
the Treasury against the lands, for the redemp-
tion of " Mississippi stock," while the establish-
ment of this charge in favor of the Treasury, by
the most natural and necessary consequence, re-
jects the charge against the Treasury, and in
favor of the lands, for that portion of the stock
paid in land, and not in money, from the Treas-*
ury.
6.  The salaries and expenses of the General
Land Office, amounting to $797,748 64, which
are paid from the Treasury.
7.  The salaries of the several registers and re-
ceivers at the local land offices, which are sepa-
rate from their commissions upon sales, and
amount to $91,153 39. These salaries are paid
from the Treasury.
8.  The salaries of surveyors general and their
elerks, and the expenses of commissioners for
settling private land claims, and of surveying the
lands claimed. The Treasury has paid for these
services and expenses the sum of $860,567 78.
9.  Payments on account of the surveys of the
public lands from the public Treasury, $2,780,630
This (Mr. W. said) brought him to the state-
ment of the account between the public Treasury
and the public lands, as follows:
Charges against the Treasury, the gross, pro-
ceeds   of  the   public   lands,  as  before   set-
tled.........................$61^80,Í07 17
Then credit the Treasury with
{>ayments on account of the
ands, according to the items as
above settled, viz:
Payments for the Cumberland
road............$5,956.024 00
Expenses under the
head of Indian de-
partment........17,541,560 19
Sum paid for Louis-
iana, and interest..23,529,353 43
Sum paid for Florida,
and interest......6,489,768 €6
Sum paid to the State
of Georgia....... 1,250,000 00
Yazoo claims, paid
in money at the
Treasury........1,832,375 70
ExpenscsoftheGen-
eral Land Office..     797,748 64
Salaries of registers
and receivers of
public lands......      91,153 39
Salaries of surveyors
general, and sur-
veys, and settle-
ment   of   private      ____
land claims...,,.    860.567 78
Payments for sur-
veys of the public
lJd8............2'm63097 61,129,182 76
This will leave, as the whole " net
prdceeda"of (he public lands in
the Treasury, on the 30th day
of September last, the sum of..     $351,524 41
It will be seen that this statement of the account
excludes from the charges against the Treasury
the single item of " Mississippi stock," amount-
ing to $2,448,789 44, and also excludes, upon the
other side, from the charges against the lands,
the sum of $2,479,049 13, being money received
