823
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 20,
24th Cong....! st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Wright.
Sen
ate.
passed, and commenced its operation on the same
day on which the act of 1828 ceased to operate.
This compromise act introduced the system of
short credits and cash duties, now a part of our
commercial policy. From this state of facts every
one must see that during the last three quarters
of the year 1833 double collections of the revenue
from customs must be constantly making; first,
the revenue upon the importations of 1832 and
the first quarter of 1833, thrown into the three
last quarters of 1833 by the long credits allowed
under the tariff act of 1828; and secondly, the
revenue upon the importations of 1833, so far as
the cash duties and short credits prescribed by
the compromise act made the duties upon those
importations payable within that year. Hence
it was that the revenue from customs in that
single year exceeded twenty-nine millions of dol-
lars, and that without anything unusual or ex-
traordinary to affect the course of trade, or give
to the importation of dutiable goods an unnatural
increase.
Mr. W. said it ought further to be remarked
that the great excess of the revenue from customs
over the gross expenditures of this year, notwith-
standing the causes he had mentioned which con-
spired so vastly to increase the collections of rev-
enue from this source, was to be accounted for in
the fact that the payments towards the public
debt, during the year 1833, were very trifling in
amount, and far less than in any one of the sixteen
years which had preceded it. The excess, there-
fore, was a result not only necessary, but natural.
Great accumulation, from peculiar causes, on the
one side, and an almost entire failure to make
payments upon our debt, from causes equally
peculiar, but to which he would not now allude,
on the other, could not fail to produce an apparent
excess of revenue. If, however, gentlemen would
take the trouble to compare the receipts and pay-
ments, and the revenue from customs of this with
the next succeeding year, they would require no
further explanation of the excess from customs
in 1833. The accounts of 1834 will show that
heavy payments were made during that year upon
the national debt; indeed, that the balance of that
debt, with exceptions wholly unimportant, was
entirely paid off and discharged; and that the
revenue from customs fell down to less than
Íil6,250,000, and left a deficiency in the revenue
rom this source to meet the expenses of the year
of more than $8,250,000.
The next year, and the only other one which
presents an excess of the revenue from customs
over the expenditures, is 1835. In reference to
the small excess of this year of $1,500,000, two
considerations only need be suggested. The
first is, that the peculiar state of our relations
with Prance during the last year, and especially
during the last quarter of that year, gave just
alarm to the commercial men of the country that
disturbances might grow out of those relations,
and that interruptions might be experienced in
our commercial relations, growing out of those
disturbances. Hence they were induced, towards
the close of that year, to increase their impor-
tations to an almost unexampled extent. This
single consideration is believed to have swelled
the amount of revenue from customs during the
last year much beyond the whole amount of the
excess which appears. The second consideration
referred to is, that the ordinary appropriation bill
for the fortifications of the country failed to pass
the two Houses of Congress during our last ses-
sion; and, therefore, the expenses of 1835 were
diminished by the usual amount of appropriations
for those objects. Had that bill passed in the
shape insisted upon by the House of Represent-
atives, all know that the expenses of the year
would have been increased much beyond the ex-
cess of the revenue from customs; and (said Mr.
-W.) he believed had the bill passed as agreed to
•by the Senate, that excess would have been more
than consumed by the expenditures it would have
Authorized.
After these considerations be could not believe
that the excesses in the revenue from the customs
over the expenditures for the years 1833 and
1835 would be relied upon anywhere, or by any
one, as evidence that the revenues from that
source were more than equal to our current ex-
penses,
The next inference he would draw from this
comparison between the revenue from customs
and the expenses of the Government was, that
Congress had not, as has been often and broadly
alleged, imposed duties without regard to revenue,
or to the wants and liabilities of the Government,
i A very few suggestions, he thought, would make
this position clear and indisputable.
¡ From the existence of the Government until the
year 1835, we had been in debt, and any amount
of revenue, come from What source it might, after
paying the ordinary appropriations, would be
absorbed in payments upon that debt. Hence
duties had been imposed beyond the calls growing
out of the ordinary expenses of the Government,
and the surplus of revenue had been applied to
the debt of the nation. As peculiar interests had,
at certain periods, favored an increase of duties
upon imports, the rates of duty may have gone,
and at one period unquestionably did go, to an
excessive height; but the revenues consequent
upon this mistaken policy diminished, the more
rapidly, the common debt, and thus.hastened
the time when high duties could find no favor,
or even apology, with the people, or with Con-
gress.
Mark the sequel. The national debt was dimin-
ished with a rapidity theretofore unprecedented,
during the years 1829, 1830, and 1831; and it be-
came apparent, not only to every statesman, but
to the whole country, that the period of its final
extinction was near at hand. What was the
course of the National Legislature ? Immediately
to revise and reduce the tariff. The very pro-
tracted session of Congress of 1831-32 is not more
fresh in the recollection of all than is the fact that
a readjustment of the rates of duty upon imports,
and a consequent reduction of the revenue from
customs, was the principal, if not the sole cause
of the unusual length of that session. The result
was the passage of the tariff act of 1832, to take
effect on the 4th of March, 1833. Such, however,
was the feeling of the country, that further legis-
lation in the session of 1832-33 was demanded of
Congress; and the compromise act arrested and
qualified the act of 1832, and provided for farther
and graduated reductions under the distinct un-
derstanding that, upon the final payment of the
national debt, the public revenues were to be re-
duced to the economical wants of the Govern-
ment. The reduction was made as rapid as it was
supposed the important interests connected with
the subject would permit; while all expected that
no veiy considerable accumulation in the Treas-
ury would be experienced under the operation of
the law of 1833. It will hereafter be shown that
these anticipations were entirely reasonable, and
that their disappointment has proceeded from the
unprecedented sales of the public lands within
the few last years, and mostly within the last
and the present year, and from no other cause of
sufficient importance to deserve a notice in this
view of the subject. These facts he held to be
sufficient to show that the legislation of Congress
in regard to the revenue from customs had been
with peculiar reference to the wants of the public
Treasury, and had been intended to be measured
by those wants.
The remaining inference from the comparison
referred to is, that the revenue from customs is
not, as at present regulated, more than sufficient
to meet the ordinary expenses of the Government,
and is not sufficient, unaided by the revenues from
the public lands, to authorize any extraordinary
appropriations for public defenses of any descrip-
tion, naval or military.
The revenue from customs, for the year 1834,
has been shown to have been «16,350,000, and
that for 1835, $19,375,000, while the average
expenditures of the Government for the same
two years, separate from any payments upon the
national debt, are proved to nave been more than
$18,000,060; and it is worthy of repetition that in
the expenditures of 1835 is not included anything
for the fortifications of the country, as the forti-
fication bill of that year was lost between the two
Houses of Congress.
It has further been attempted to be shown that
the average annual expenditures of the Govern-
ment, separate from anyextraordinaryappropria-
tions for the public defense, cannot for the future
be estimated at a less Bum than $17,000,000.
Compare, then, the revenue from customs for the
years 1834 and 1835, when the compromise bill
fully regulated that revenue, with this estimate
of expenditure, and see the result. The average
of the revenue from that source for the two years
is $17,800,000, while it is shown that that revenue
for 1835, was increased, by the apprehensions
of a French war, from one to three millions.
This will reduce the average of the two years j
placing them upon the basis of ordinary and'
uninterrupted commercial intercourse, below the
estimate for the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Connect with this view another important con-
sideration growing out of the compromise act,
which is, that at the commencement of the present
year a reduction in the rates of duty of ten per
cent, upon the existing rates, took effect, which,
by the lowest estimate, will reduce the revenue
from customs a full million. Take, then, the year
of excessive importations, of 1835, as the rule,
and the revenue from customs will exceed the
amount estimated as required for the ordinary
expenses of the Government by a sum too small
to be made the dependence for any extraordinary
appropriations. This inference, then, is fully
sustained; and the revenue from customs at the
present time is shown to be no more than equal
to the ordinary expenses of the Government.
But the bill under consideration is perspective,
and reaches forward in its action to the close of
the year 1841. During this period its construc-
tion, as given by its friends, charges the whole
expenses of the land system upon the Treasury.
It becomes important, therefore, to inquire what
those expenses are, and probably may be. The
mere expenses of the present system of sales will
be omitted, and those of a more material charac-
ter examined. What, then, are those expenses
annually ? The amount of money proposed to be
appropriated by the bill making the regular an-
nual Indian appropriations for the present year
is $573,000, and the appropriations provided for
in it, as will be seen by an examination of the
bill, are in their character permanent for a longer
period than the prospective operation of this bill.
The principal items are the payment of annuities;
the support of farmers and mechanics, and other
provisions stipulated by existing treaties to be
made for the various Indian tribes. Nothing i 
included in this appropriation bill for the ex-
penses of additional Indian treaties; for the re-
moval of Indians, or for any other new expendi-
ture under the head of the Indian department.
The expenses, therefore, of the purchase-
money to be paid to the Indians for lands; of
the annuities stipulated by future treaties; of the
making of such treaties; of the removal of the
Indians from the lands purchased under them,
and of all other things incident to our Indian af-
fairs, and to the perfection of title and possession
to the lands in the Government, remain to be pro-
vided for from revenues other than those derived
from the lands on account of which the expenses
are incurred. Our present policy is to expedite,
to the utmost extent of our power, the extinction
of the Indian title to all the lands east of the Mis-
sissippi, and the removal of the Indians west of
that river. In pursuance of that policy we are con-
stantly making new purchases and new treaties;
and the expenses of holding Indian treaties, and
for the purchase-money of new lands, are con-
stantly and rapidly increasing. The expense 
of the removal of the Indians from the lasas, «na
of their subsistence west of the Mississippi, are
necessarily increasing in the same ratio; and if
these accumulated expenses are to be cast upon
the Treasury, while.the revenues from the sale 
of lands are to be subtracted from it, the consid-
eration becomes one of serious import, whether
the revenue from the customs—the only •<>urft*
of revenue remaining—when that from the mna«
shall be taken away, will sustain the Treasury
against these accumulated calls, and how far this
source of revenue will bear the reduction pro-
vided for by the compromise act, and still supply
the Treasury.                                  ,     .       , .
It will not be forgotten that a reduction often
per cent, in the revenue from customs took effect
by the provisions of that act on the first day or
the present year; that a further similar reduction
is to take place on the first day of January, lfcUSj
