1836-}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
94th CoKQ....lrr Sess.
Service  of Volunteers—Mr. Reynolds.
Ho. or Reps.
amóos his constituents.   They love their whole • \
country, and for themselves ask only that pro-
tection "i their pursuit of honor and happiness
which they desire to see enjoyed by every Amer-
tesn-
He wished to eaution gentlemen against those
propositions which were insinuating themselves
icto livor through an artful «(>f enl to avarice and
cupidity, which shall sweep the public chest to
Om bou >m. and weaken energies winch we ought
to eaenah in lull vigor.
It is worthy of  the  consideration of those
whose locsl situation exposes then to Indian and
foreign aggression, to raáVct whether the means
af dslVnse ota/ not be crippled or withheld by
aay change in our policy which shall make it
the principal and ail-important achievement of
the representative to carry to his constituents
Uie greatest possible sum from the Treasury;
whether the public defeases have been provided
|br or sot.    Is there not danger, when the love
of «os y is directly appealed to as the basis of
action, that such an appeal will be more success-
fa! than that which shall ask protection?    Is
there no fear thai the cry for succor from our
frontiers may be unheeded by those who may
have object* to accomplish by returning to their
constituents with quite as much of the public
treasure as their predecessors earned ?   W hen a
State has been, for a long succession of years,
receiving and using a certain amount from the
nations. Treasury annually, and all her plans and
arrangements are made with reference thereto,
ess it be expected that her representatives will
easily be brought to conclude that they will be
sasiained, if they freely vote away for other ob-
jects so much as to defeat those plans? He much
feared that such a change would chill the patriotic
ardor and enthusiasm in the country, and cause
as to quietly receive indignities which a love of
■oney would prevent us from resenting, but
which honor would require us to repel.    Unless
he was greatly mistaken, we have already suf-
fered by the sapposiuon that cupidity formed a
stronger trait in our character than a love of
aoaor.    He thoaght it but too true that, on a
recent occasion, France fell into the belief that
we loved money better than honor.    She was
mistaken; bat it is true we clamor so much about
money, that it was a vary natural mistake.   He
hoped that ao system would ever be adopted in
this country, the efecto of which would be to
render that real which they had imagined. There
were ether and many strong reasons which might
be added on this subject! but they did not relate
to the point which be was considering—the de-
fease of the country. They would involve a dis-
eaanoa of constilauonsl principles, and questions
of great national policy.   On a proper occasion
he hoped to have an opportunity of presenting
bis views on them.   On the present occasion his
object was only to call the attention of the House
to the defense of the country.
He must avail himself of this opportunity,
though not directly involved in this bill, of recur-
ring to the main arm of our national defense, the
milius. He bad once this session brought this
•object before the House; and he would here say
that he hoped this House would never consent to
adjourn until this great question was acted upon.
Sir, the whole of oar western border. States and
Terniones, incloding Florida, (if the returns to
(he Adjutant General are correct,) have in all
hardly arms enough, if all were good, in the
hands of the enrolled militia to arm a single regi-
ment. If the proportion of poor arms among
them is like that m many other quarters, there is
not soffeient for that parpóse. The militia sys-
tem is so entirely prostrate in seme of the States,
that retaras are not furnished to the proper officer
•bowing the actual force enrolled. In ten west-
ern Slates and Territories, represented here by
more than forty members, the returns «bow only
twenty cannon in the hands of the militia. In
truth, there are ao means of defense there except
men and true American hearts. Shall these things
be continued? Are we to make no preparation
for future defense, but rely upon a large standing
army? The excuse for neglecting this subject
once was that we had no means to enable us to
act; but thiscxetMeisno longer founded in trath.
Nay, our greatest evils, if certain predictions are I
true, are to flow from our entire inability to use
the means in our bloated Treasury. The course
he had suggested would, to a certain extent, re- ■
lieve us from these apprehended evils. A large
sum would be needed for this purpose, but the
benefits to be derived from it would be adequate
protection of the country, and the relief of that
portion of our citizens who now bear an unequal
share of public burdens.
The power of Congress over this and all sub-
jects connected with the defense of the country
was undisputed, and there could be no apology
for failing to put it in a good state of defense.
On various questions, he differed with many
gentlemen about the powers of Congress. But
the same spirit which induced him to respect the
opinions of those who thus differed with him,
would doubtless induce them to extend to him
the same liberality of feeling. A difference in
our principles could never be rightly and truly
charged as evidence of a want of kind feeling.
He could respect those who differed with him in
principle, but he could not extend that feeling to
any one who attempted to excite and perpetuate
sectional jealousies. If there were those who
ought to be the scorn and contempt of all patriots
and honest men, they certainly were those who
sought power, or to accomplish purposes by an
appeal to sectional feelings. Mr. G. said, let ua
go band in hand in favor of all such measures as
shall be commended to us by our judgments and
oar views of our constitutional powers, and when
we arrive to the point at which wo are compelled
to separate, let ua part like fellow-citizens, and
not like embittered, rapacious, and merciless
foes.
Mr. G. said he was sorry his colleague [Mr.
Gaaxeca] had brought to the notice of the House
lbs old question of removal of the Indians beyond
the Mississippi. He had hoped that question
bad been quitted forever. If he bad understood
his colleague, he stated he had raised his voice
against that measure.
Mr. GRANGER rose, and said bis colleague
had misunderstood bim. He had not intended
to say that be had raised his voice against that
measure, but he had alluded to the fact that others
had.
Mr. GILLET continued: He was happy to
Snd that his colleague did not entertain the views
that he supposed. If he now understood bim
correctly, be must consider him with the Admin-
istsation on that question, as ho had not raised
his voice against umt act. He was going to aay
that recent occurrences in Florida had made man-
ifest the wisdom and propriety of the removal of
the Indians. It was much easier to guard one
Une of frontier than a whole territory. The force
now required in Florida would protect a large
extent of frontier. But his colleague's explana-
tion on this point had corrected his own under-
standing «f his remarks, and rendered it unne-
cessary for him to pursue this subject.
He was very happy to hear a just compliment
paid by that gentleman to the " hunters of Ken-
tucky and riflemen of Tennessee." They had
aided General Jackson in closing the war on the
Ktains of New Orleans in a blaze of glory. He,
owever, thought there were other border States
whose sous possessed a full share of patriotism
and true American courage. Indeed, in making
i ap an inventory of courage and patriotic zeal  he
hoped other parts of the Union would not be for-
gotten. Compliments of this kind might well be
considered as indications of a kind neart; and
from that quarter they were very appropriate at
this peculiarly interesting period.
Mr. G. said he would not detain the committee
by going into many matters of deep interest con-
nected with the public defense. On a future
occasion he hoped to have an opportunity to
examine the subject in all its aspects connected
with the policy of the country. He hoped to see
the glorious work of defending our country placed
on elevated ground, worthy of free America. And
now let us give an earnest of our intention by a
prompt movement in favor of the rising West.
Let us not permit an honest but misguided econ-
omy to lead others to the conclusion that we are
powerless and inattentive to that quarter. Such a
conclusion might again involve us in all the hor-
rors of an Indian war. But let us act promptly,
and avert the danger. Let us place our western
brethren in such a state of security that they may
quietly enjoy the bounty of Providence and the
fruit of their own labors without the apprehen-
sion of danger.
SERVICES or VOLUNTEERS.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House or RcrRESENTATtvEi,
Jlpril 22,1836,
Made ia Committee of toe Whole House on a "bill
authorising ÜM President of toe United States to accept
tin service of Volunteers," and to which the Hon. Mr.
AsuLCT,of Missouri, intimated he would offer an amend-
ment to authorize the rawing of one additional regiment
of dragoons for the protection of the frontier. [The
amendment waa offered and adopted. The whole passed
the House of Representative!. ]
Mr. REYNOLDS said: I consider it my duty,
occupying the station I do to the public, and,
knowing, as I believe I do, the intention and
disposition of the Indians on the northwestern
frontier, to state to the committee that, judging
from all the information I have received, the
whole body of the Indians, with perhaps some
exceptions, are not friendly disposed towards the
United Sestee. Tbey are restless, and even some
of them actually hostile to the Government.
I do not pretend to be more wise on this occa-
sion than Other persons who possess the same
means of information, that I can relate it better,
or that my relation of it will have any greater
influence than if it proceeded from any other
individual. But that such is the true disposition
and feelings of the great mass of the Indians on
the northwestern frontier, I have little or no
doubt.
It will be recollected by the committee that the
Indians had been removed in great crowds and
bodies to the West; the various tribes were
located near each other; so that the Indian pop-
ulation may be considered as dense, and even
crowding on each other, as well as on the white
population of the frontiers.
This crowded Indian population rendered their
subsistence by hunting very precarious and diffi-
cult. In many places the hunting is not good,
and the Indians in fact suffer with hunger.
This is one great reason, and a very reasonable
reesen, that they should be dissatisfied with their
present situation and location, and cause them to
be unfriendly to the Government.
One other reason is that they are induced to
leave a country where they have been compara-
tively happy. Before the whites came among
them they had the finest and the fairest portion
of the Union in their possession. The hunting
and fishing supplied them with abundance of
support; and the peltry which they sold enabled
them to purchase various articles necessary to
their comfort. They have now a sad reverse of
fortune visited on them. They say, furthermore,
that they have been compellea to leave the lumes
and fcwte  of their ftken, and locate themselves m
a country not of their own choice, and not adapted
to their wants.                       ...                    _*
These Indians, living under this pressure of
heavy burdens and miseries, have become almost
desperate, and are disposed to commence hostil-
ities without much hesitation. They do not know
that it vat the most wise and humane act of the
Government, in order to preserve them from en-
tire destruction and annihilation, to remove them
from the white population.                                   ■
It will be found to be true in principle ana in
practice that two classes of human beings, whose
habits, modes of living, and everything are so
dissimilar as those of the Indians and whites,
cannot exist together in peace and harmony.
It was the necessary and inevitable consequence
of the advance of the white population to remove
the Indians. This policy is just and proper, as
well as humane, on the part of the Government.
The cost of their removal, and the expense of a
mounted force to preserve peace among them, are
