APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:                                 [May 9,
24ta GdN6 «lsT Sess.
Land Distribution BiU-*—Mr. Boon.
Ho. op Reps.
nothing in comparison to the duty the Govern-
ment owes them to preserve diem, and render
their situation as happy as the circumstances of
the case will permit.
In order to keep them in check and subordina-
tion, it will be necessary to make a demonstration
of military force among them. It is well known
to this committee they know and care very little
about the great force of the United States, as
that force is at such great distance from them;
and when the strength of the Government is told
to them, they do not, in all cases, believe it.
They, the Indiana, therefore, do not know the
situation they are in,and will act under mistaken
views of their situation to their own ruin and
destruction.                                                       ,
It is necessary to the peaee, quiet, and happi-
ness of the Indians themselves, that they should
be kept in proper subjection. It would not be
proper to use any unnecessary degree of rigor
towards these unfortunate human beings. Any
cruelty imposed on them would be promptly re-
sented by the American people, and by this com-
mittee. Yet, on the other hand, it will not be
good poney to permit them to believe they are on
an equal standing with us as to strength and
number*. At any time, should thty believe they
have an equal chance in war with us, we will
see our frontiers laid waste, and murder and
massacre visited on all classes of our citizens
within their reach. I assure this committee there
is no good feeling in the breast  of the Indians
towards u*~we cannot expect it. Therefore wé
must keep them in ft , or else we have a war
with them.
During the Indian disturbance in 1333, in the
State of Illinois, I became acquainted with many
of the officers of the American Army. I wit-
nessed their march and movements in the cam-
paign of that year. I saw that both officers
and soldiers Were efficient, and had reached that
degree of perfection in the military art which an
army in the situation of ours could attain. Yet*
with all this perfection and efficiency, in the
regular mode of warfare, they are not formidable
and efficient to an Indian enemy; they are, in
fact, almost useless is a struggle with tne*In-
dians.
The northwestern frontier is generally an open
prairie country, such that a regular infantry army
cannot compel the Indians to come to battle. The
Indians, with the greatest ease, can escape from
the purss.it of such forces, and will not make an
attack until they have clearly and decidedly the
advantage. They are mostly mounted on ponies
that are a* manageable in a fight as the Indian
-warrior himself. They can, while on horseback,
going faster than a full gallop, load and discharge
their guns at their enemy; and even on foot they
are much «tote expert than a soldier of the regu-
lar Army.
The artillery, that are the common attendants
of a regular army, are useless incumbrances in
the pursuit of an Indian enemy in the northwest.
A cannon, which must of necessity be conveyed
in a ¡low march with an army, may, in some rare
cases, answer a good purpose against an Indian
enemy, but it serves of tener for the laughter and
ridicule of such enemy, than for his annoyance.
An efficient mounted force is alone competent
and formidable to the Indians in the Northwest.
We then meet them in their own manner; we
are then on an equal standing with them, and in
no other way con we act with them so as to
-strike terror into them, and keep them in proper
«abjection.
I will support flic amendment which the gen-
tleman [Mr. Asmar, of Missouri] intends to
<roake, to raise another regiment of dragoons,
equal in strength, and in all respects, to the regi-
ment now in service. This regiment, or perhaps
more than one, will be necessary to preserve
peace and quiet between the Indians and whites
on the frontiers.
If the committee via reflect on the extent of
frontier to protect, it will be necessary to have
one, at least, additional regiment of dragoons
raised for this service. Our frontiers, with their
Indian tribes, will extend from Detroit or Mtchilli-
mackinac, around the settled parts of the United
««ates, to toe Gulf of Mexico, a distance «f more
than two thousand miles, by the windings of the
settlements on the frontiers.
I would respectfully ask the committee if one
regiment, no matter how efficient it would be,
and even commanded by a Dodge, who is ac-
knowledged by all to be an able and excellent
officer, could guard and protect this frontier?
They would hot be able to make a demonstration
of their force without action, to all the Indians
surrounding this extended border. It is quite
out of the power of any one regiment of mounted
men to Becure the peace and quiet of the country
on all this frontier. There is, in many sections
of the frontier, dissatisfaction expressed by the
Indians. In the territory south of the Wisconsin
river, the Winnebago Indians have returned to
the lands they ceded to the United States, and
agreed to abandon. Their return to the ceded
country has given the citisens some uneasiness,
which may terminate in bloodshed, if not pre-
vented by an efficient mounted force stationed in
the country. There may be other portions of the
frontier in danger, to an equal degree.
If the committee are influenced by the dictates
of that humanity which is so justifiably evinced
for the Indians, on many occasions, they will
Sustain this measure. YThis policy is as much for
the protection of the Indian as the white man. It
is calculated to secure that peace and tranquillity
between the Indians and whites, which the Indians
are disposed to break on all occasions, when they
can effect it with impunity.
They are ignorant and uninformed as to die
strength of the United States. Not many of them
have ever traveled over the several States; and
they know little or nothing about the force and
strength of the General Government, except from
rumor, which very often they do not believe for
a moment. They have no means of correct
information. They often hear contradictory state-
ments of the strength and disposition of the United
States towards them, and sometimes direct false
statements are made to them, to deceive them,
for some base purpose.
It will be readily perceived that it is not strange
they know but little of the strength and power
of the United States, and of course are not in fear
of it. But when an efficient mounted force is
exhibited to their senses, and in a situation to act
efficiently and powerfully on them, if necessary,
they then, and not before, know their situation
and inferiority, and will remain peaceable and
quiet accordingly.
Some gentlemen think it is of vast importaace
to ittrtit the number of troops whom the Presi-
dent is authorized to accept on the emergency of
the occasion.   It is not much difference what the
Srevision contained in the bill is as to the ntim-
er of the volunteers to be received by the Pres-
ident. The proper number would be always
found in the West to answer all emergencies.
Mr. Chairman, you cannot keep back the brave
sons of the West whenever there is a necessity
for their military services in the defense of their
country. There are no paper laws on this sub-
ject that will suppress the patriotism that burns
in the breast of a western man, when his coun-
try is invaded by an Indian or other foe. The
cold and heartless calculation Of dollars and cents
is not indulged in when the savages are about to
wreak their vengeance on the weak and defense-
less part of the community. The nice and math-
ematical calculation as to the number of volun-
teers that is to be employed in the service is not
indulged in when the country is overrun by an
enemy,whose mode of warfare is the murder and
massacre of innocent women and child reh. On
all such emergencies the western people rise eh
matte, in numbers sufficient for the occasion,and
never fail to chastise the enemy. This they do
without a consultation with the President. The
distance is generally so great from the seat of
Government, that a delay Would be fatal. It is
idle and ridieulous to witness the burning of
bouses and the murder of the citizens, and wait
a month or more to receive orders from the Pres-
ident what to do. Is there any member of this
committee that would quietly wait on such occa-
sions, and count over the prtcise number of vol-
unteers the President ought to accept in service?
The nature of the transaction, the crisis, and
emergency of the occasion forbid the idea of
delay.    Delay, as I before said, would be fatal.
Therefore I consider that part of the bill that
provides for the number of volunteers to be ac-
cepted by the President as almost nugatory. The
amendment that goes to raise an additional regi-
ment of dragoons is important, and necessary for
the defense and protection of the country.
If something be not done on the subject we may
witness again, as we did in 1832 on the western
frontier, the massacre of women and children,
and the war-whoop of the savage extended all
along our border.
One single regiment properly stationed in Flor-
ida might have prevented the Indian war in that
country, and saved many lives and much treas-
ure.
To prevent the calamities of an Indian war,
and to preserve also the lives of the Indians, this
bill, with the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ashley,] and other
preventive measures, ought immediately to be
adopted.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
REMARKS OFHON.RATLIFFBOON,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 9,1836.
The subject under debate being me resolutions of the
Kentucky Legislature on the public lands, and the motion
of Mr. Wn.ui.Ms, to refer the said resolutions to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions to report a
bill providing for the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among the several States of the
Union.
Mr. Toucet having yielded the floor—
'   Mr. BOON rose and addressed the House, as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: It has become so much a custom
in debate on this floor, for gentlemen, who are
distinguished for learning and talents, to speak
upon all or any other subjects except the imme-
diate subject-matter under consideration, as to
induce me to entertain a hope that I, as a plain
and unpretending farmer and backwoodsman,
will not be considered out of order should I, in
the coarse of my remarks on the present occasion,
chance to make a small digression from the main
subject now under consideration.
The few remarks which I am about to submit
will be made with a view to off-set some of the
remarks which were made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. C. Alxan,] who first addressed
this House in support of the resolutions of the
Kentucky Legislature in favor of the principles
which are contained in Mr.Clay's land bill. The
gentleman from Kentucky, after having congrat-
ulated himself and the country upon being able,
as he said, after "three months of worse than
useless debate," to approach the great and im-
portant subject of distributing the proceeds of
the public lands among the several States of this
Union, then left the subject under consideration,
and entered warmly into the subject of party
politics by first reading numerous extracts from
public documents, and copies of private letters
said to have been written by General Jackson
long before he had been spoken of as a candidate
for the Presidency, in order to prove that Gen-
eral Jackson, while administering the Govern-
ment, had not acted upon the same principles
that he had recommended to his predecessor,
James Monroe.
Now, Mr,Speaker, who that knows anything
concerning the state of the political atmosphere
and the state of parties under Mr. Monroe s ad-
ministration does not know that there was then
a perfect cairn in politics, and that all parties gave
to his administration amir, just, and liberal sup-
port? During the eight years of Mr. Monroe s
administration there existed no political faetwnt,
headed and led on by reckless political leaders,
as has been the case ever since General Jackson
was first inaugurated into office.
Just before the close of Mr. Monroe's adminis-
tration the country was divided  «t6^Hart*° " 
polities, towit: a Clay party.a Crawford partyya
