844                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION Ah GLOBE.                                [April 29,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
revenue, and power to make a distribution of the
same, they can.in effect, render null and void this
provision of the Constitution; they can distribute
this money to any church or sect they please, and
thus, as far as. money and the favor of the Gov-
ernment will answer, give such church or sect
the ascendency, whether the same be Protestant
or Catholic.   11 is said money answers all things.
Congress can then, by its use, make an establish-
ment of religion.   There can be no doubt on this
subject, if Congress possesses the power to make
the distribution as contemplated by the bill.   I
feel confident that I have not extended the argu-
ment further than the premises will warrant; and
I now seriously put the question to every member
of this body, if he is prepared to say, that by
virtue of the power vested in him by the Consti- |
tution of the United States, he has the right to
vote an appropriation of money to be paid out i
of the Treasury of the United States for any of '
the purposes which I have mentioned.   I do not
believe there is one Senator who will openly and
positively avow such right.   We test principles
by their application to individual case s; take, then,
asinglecase.  A bill is presented makingan appro-
priation of money far the payment of the salary of
the Governor of Ohio, with the condition that it
shall be in full, and that he shall not receive any
other pay or emolument from the State, or without
any condition whatever.   Such a bill would not, I
am sure,receive a single vote in this body; and yet,
if we pass this bill, we are doing that indirectly,
which we would not dare to do directly, by cre-
ating or appointing an   agent to receive this
money, who has the power to apply it to the
very purpose  above-mentioned.     The bill as
amended by the committee is mare objectionable
on this account than the original, for that required
an application of the money to certain specified
objects; and if Congress liad power to apply
money to these objects, there; may be a color of
right in the idea that Congress may designate the
agent to make its application.   The bill before
us, however, opens _ the very flood-gates of cor-
ruption, for it establishes the doctrine, that Con-
gress may levy upon the people of the United
States any sum or sums of money they may think
proper, and bestow, or, to use the language of
the bill, distribute any part thereof when and to
whom it pleases.   I deny the whole power of
this Government to collect and distribute a sur-
flus revenue. The next question is, can the
tates rightfully, and in conformity to their own
constitutions, permit Congress to become their
almoner, and accept this proffered bounty ?   This
.is an important consideration for the States them-
selves, Have they so diveste,d themselves of
power as to be, made the mere and inactive recipi-
ents of the bounty of this Government, and suffer
their own treasury to be replenished by whoso-
ever is disposed to do so? Must they permit
individuals, banks, or even foreign Governments,
to pour into their treasuries such sums of money
as^halibe thought proper, as a mere and naked
gratuity to the Sta;te ? I am clearly of opinion
that no State government in this Union ought to
open the doors of their treasury for any such
purpose; for the accepting or rejecting of gifts is
a. private and individual power, not transferable
to the Representative of a State, because the act
is matter of conscience, not of law.
But if the States are to have any agency in
this distribution, if it is necessary for them to do
anything in conformity to the act of Congress
, to enable them to take and possess this surplus
.revenue r I hold that such act would be in contra-
vention of the tenth section of the first jarticle of
the Constitution of the United States, because it
'would be a treaty 01.confederation with another
Government, and the {States surely intended to di-
vest, themselves of this power by accepting the
Constitution pf the United States, for its exercise
had led And would continue to lead to inextricable
' difficulties and dangers to the equal rights of the
States, as well as to their peace and union. To
levy and collect taxes, duties and imposts, is an
attribute of the sovereign power of a country.
Congress could not have exercised it but by ex-
press grant. The States ,l aving granted it to Con-
gress so far as the grant extends and is exclusive,
cannot exercise the power themselves; but the
divestment of power by the States would be an
idle ceremony, if the same power can be exercised
by Congress for the benefit of the States, and
thus would there be two distinct and separate
powers, each possessing the right of raising a
revenue off" the people for the same object and
purposes; a condition to which, if rightly under-
stood, I am sure the people would never submit;
and thus the States, by the creation of this Gov-
ernment for special ends, would only keep the
word of promise to the ear, but break it to the
sense. This is the first attempt, since the for-
mation of the Constitution—the existence of this
Government, to bestow money collected as reve-
nue gratuitously upon the States. It is a new in-
vention to rid ourselves of money which, through
mistaken policy, has been improperly collected
in the Treasury. And as error constantly begets
error, multiplying in size as well as in number as
it progresses, the error of a protective tariff begot
the greater error called the compromise bill, by
which it is claimed that in the passage of that
bill Congress made an agreement or bargain, by
way of compromise amongst the members with
each other, by which more money has been
brought into the Treasury than is necessary for
the legitimate expenses of the Government; and
it is now insisted: that the law passed in pursu-
ance of this agreement ought not now to be in-
terfered with; and to remedy the evil occasioned
by this law, a surplus revenue in the Treasury,
instead of repealing or amending the law, it is
proposed to distribute it amongst the States,
which would still be a more palpable and danger-
' ous error.
I The very silence which has so long existed
under this Government as to the power of Con-
' gress, as contemplated by the bill, is strong and
| almost conclusive proof, to my mind, that the
i power does not exist. I have looked in vain into
I the report of the committee for the provision of
the Constitution on which they intended to rest this
bill. The report, to me, however, on this point,
is a sealed book. The honorable'chairman can,
no doubt, turn us at once to that grant of power
on which the committee relied for the passage of
an act of Congress for the raising more money
than sufficient for all the purposes of this Govern-
ment, and distributing the surplus to the several
States. I hope, however, we shall not be told
that it is to be found in the clause of the Consti-
tution which gives to Congress the power to pro-
vide for the common defense and general welfare
of the United States. This provision, which,
jupon every fair principle of construction, can only
he viewed as a declaration of the manner in which
the following granted specific powers shall be
exercised, has been so often pressed into service
for other purposes, that it can now be made to
almost prove whatever may be desired. It is a
kind of Swiss- corps, to serve wherever the highest
reward can be obtained. I cannot, however,
admit its service in the distribution of a surplus
'revenue; and I can see no other provision of the
Constitution the advocates of this bill can rely
on for support.
If, however, any one should believe that Con-
gress possess the power, in the imposition of
taxes, duties, customs, and excise, or in any
other manner, to collect more funds than will be
necessary to pay the debfa and provide for the
common defense and general welfare of the United
States, for the purpose of distributing the surplus
amongst the Statesin their separate and individ-
ual character, I would still insist that the exer-
cise of such power would be highly impolitic,
unjust, and dangerous to the safety and happi-
ness of the eountry. It is with States as with
individuals—the possession of money, without
the application of their own means for its attain-
ment i almost universally produces a disposition
to idleness and premature decay. No possible
plan could, in my opinion, be better devised for
the prostration of the State governments, and the
establishment of centralism and eventual consoli-
dation, than this: what at first is granted as a gra-
tuity, arising out of temporary causes, will soon
be 'claimed as matter of right and justice, and
'insisted on until it shall obtain permanency of
character, and be deemed essential to the exist-
ence of the State governments, and thus the very
existence of the States will depend on the bounty
of Congress. I am well aware that direct pay-
ment of the salaries of State officers, by an act
of Congress, would at first, as has been observed,
shock the moral sense of the community, and
defeat the very object to be gained. We are
about to give the money in a more coy and co-
quettish manner; we begin by saying it is the
money of the people, and having no use for it
here, we will return it to those who paid it. We
in the next breath acknowledge that this cannot,
in fact, be done, and we conclude to give it in
masses to the States, to be disposed of as they
think expedient. This squeamishness will soon
wear off, and we shall shortly find more open at-
tempts made to debauch the States, and the States
themselves will accept the price of their prosti-
tution as a business matter necessary to their
existence. Having the large sums of money
which this bill proposes to place at their disposal,
the State Legislatures may quickly see a great
propriety in an increase of salaries and wages of
the State officers; and although there may be a
little higgling about it at first, yet the propriety
of an increased compensation to themselves will
soon appear evident—this will be almost a matter
of course; while to blind the eyes of the people,
a reduction of taxes will take place. " Leaa us
not into temptation." Although we may forget
this excellent prayer here, I fervently hope that
it may be remembered by the States. " The love
of money is the root of all evil." This principle
and patriotism cannot dwell together; they will
never be found in the same breast; they are an-
tipodes to each other, and cannot be brought to-
gether; and money, like every other witching
concern of life, the possession of it creates tha
desire for more. Legislative bodies are men, and
subject to all the frailties of men in other situa-
tions; and if an ass, laden with gold, could open
the gates of a city which the conqueror of Greec 
could not force, what may we not expect that
money can and will do in these degenerate times,
when gain is evidently the ruling passion of tha
land.
Suppose, sir, that the bank, called the Bank
of the United States, should offer to distribute to
the several States some millions of its ill-gotten
wealth, on the ground that the people of the
States were entitled to it, because the bank had
collected a surplus in the mode that institution
has adopted in raising a revenue : should it go
one step further, offer to become a subscriber to
every corporation ia the States, and under the
doctrine of vested rights, thus acquire Hot only a
foothold, but a freehold in each State; no State
ought, for a moment to hesitate in rejecting this
harlotry embrace, this unnatural connection, the
issue of which would be a monster, abhorred and
hated by all just and good men; and although it
might for a time acquire a rickety growth, yet its
deformity could never be hidden. And the mo-
ment that patriotism, virtue, and love of country
should gain the ascendency, its power and influ-
ence would be in a moment driven from the land.
One State, it is feared, has already fallen, and
that State, too, which has heretofore been con-
sidered the pride, strength, and glory of our
Union. Its Democratic citizens, it is yet hoped,
will redeem themselves from this thraldom, and
will shiver into a thousand atoms the fetters with
which it is attempted to bind them, and that they
will grind the golden calf to powder, strew it
upon water, and compel its votaries to drink
thereof.
If the potency of money in the hands of a
bank is of such dangerous tendency when im-
properly used", what may we expect and look for
from the same cause when the United States is
the agent to carry on the operations?
As you lessen the necessity for the States rely-
ing on their own means and exertion for their
support, you destroy their ability to do so; their
increasing weakness becomes the strength of this
Government, and thus enables it to supply addi-
tional means to make the States still more weak.
The very money you bestow, although it may
make the State rich in a pecuniary point of view,
yet those very riches will be the bane of equality
and freedom. Suppose the money you bestow
should be sufficient to enable the State to become
