1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Hawes.
Ho. of Reps.
wide extended Union, the inuendo   i in the same relation to General Harrison in which
my friend from New York [Mr. Granger] now
stands, that of lieutenant or second in command.
They were his mere subordinates, and dependent
on him, to a certain extent; and I mention this,
not in disparagement of them, but that they may
not go out with other and higher titles than, in
truth, existed at the time. I ask my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Storer] if he can inform this House
why the name of the commander of the fourth
regiment at Tippecanoe—that regiment which
discharged its duty so gloriously on that occa-
sion—was not appended to the certificates ? Here
are the names of all the subalterns, but where is
the name of General Boyd, the gentleman's own
uncle, and the commander of that regiment? It
is not here—simply because he could not con-
scientiously sign a paper so different from his
belief and convictions; and I appeal to many
members on this floor, whom I could name, for
the truth of what I assert. He entertained no
such opinion of the military conduct of General
Harrison, and hence did not certify.
The gentleman has said that I should have left
the defense of the militia of Ohio, from the charge
made against them by General Harrison, to some
member from that State. I will tell that gentle-
man that I have a warm feeling for the reputation
of the people of Ohio; for they are our brethren;
and when I see the standing of a sister State
rudely assailed, and that, too, by an individual,
now a candidate for their votes as President of
these United States, I, as a Kentuekian, shall
make an effort, however humble it may be, to
disprove such insinuations, and place that brave
and patriotic people in a true situation, the
charges made by General Harrison against them
to the contrary notwithstanding. But enough of
this; for it is truly painful to feel it a duty to
speak of things which are past and gone by, and
I do hope that neither the gentleman from Ohio,
i nor my colleague, [Mr. Hardin,] will again
¡1 bring me in a position where it devolves on me,
Mr. Speaker: I must express my thanks to ¡¡as the Representative of a truly patriotic and
the House for the favor they have granted me; \ high-minded people, to set them right on this or
for otherwise I could not have replied to the re-   , any other subject.
marks of the gentleman from Ohio.   The speech  |     Mr.'Speaker, the people  of Kentucky  are
to anv in this                                             .
of Geiiernl Harrison to the contrary notwithstand-
ing It has been said that we are divided into three
parts,to wit: alligator, horse, and smippir.g-turtle;
vu\ nw colleague's hero and candidate for the
Presidency should have recollected that, when
the horse "was removed, there still remained the
¡,1'¡gator s-ttd snapiung-turtle; the one celebrated
forliolding on, and the other for destroying.
Sir, all this is painful to me. It is not conso-
nant to my feelings to call up the history of events
which have almost been consigned to oblivion; but
I conceive my justification will be found in the
course of my colleague, who commenced the
investigation of the deeds of General Harrison.
1 would not willingly inflict pain either on him or
his friends, and I "owe an apology to the House
for having so long detained them on this subject.
Again, on Monday, two weeks after the above
was "delivered, (the House in the mean time being
engaged in other matters,) Mr. HAWES spoke
as'foilows:
Mr. Speaker: Since I had the honor to ad-
dress the House two weeks ago, my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Storer] has taken occasion to answer
in Committee of the Whole the remarks which
J made in the House, although it was known to
himself and the other members, that I had not
concluded my remarks, but was prevented by Hie
rules of the House from so doing-, the effect of
which is, that the speech of the gentleman has
gone out in answer to one which is as yet un-
finished. I therefore ask the permission of the
House to answer the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, although contrary to the rule of pro-
ceeding here.
The CHAIR stated that, as he was not per-
mitted to do so by the rules, he must put the
question to the House.
The question being then put, and leave being
granted Mr. HAWÉS to proceed, he spoke as
follows:
of the gentleman, which I have seen in pamphlet
form, is the most  singular article of the kind
that has ever come under my observation.    It
purports on its face to be a speech in answer to
mine, in relation to the military conduct of Gen-
eral Harrison during the late war; yet, when it
is opened and examined, the greater part is taken
up by certificates from other individuals; and the
best designation I can give it is, the certificate
speech of my friend from Ohio.   There are more
certificates in that speech than are usually ap-
pended by physicians to a patent medicine, which
they wish to recommend to the public; and hence
I shall apply another name, and call it the patent
medicine speech.    It has been truly and justly
oWrved by one now high in power and station,
when applied to for a certificate of good military
conduct, that a good officer was always injured
by certificates, for actions spoke louder than
words; and it brought suspicion on him, by in-
ducing men to doubt on the subject.    I ask if
any one ever thought of obtaining certificates of
character, unless  there  were  good reasons  to
doubt that character?    Certainly  not.    What
would be thought of a female who would go into
the world to procure vouchers of good character ?
Why, sir, that serious charges and reasons and
suspicions rested on her chastity and virtue; and
is not the reputation of a military man as delicate
as that of a female .'  Most undoubtedly it is; and
yet, in years that are past and gone by, this long ■
list of certificates was obtained to support Gen-
eral Harrison as a renowned commander, and it
needs no comment.                                                    i
But again, I discover that these certificates are
,   presented as coming from colonels, majors, gen-
erals, &c., when it must be recollected that, during
called on to support General Harrison and
Francis Granger, in preference to Martin Van
Buren and Richard M. Johnson. Of the latter,
I need say nothing, for his military and civil
labors have given nim an almost universal ac-
quaintance with the people of Kentucky. For j
twenty-nine years he has been a member of ~i
Congress, and during that period has been the !
stern and unwavering advocate of the people's
rights. His Sunday mail report, and his effect-
ive labors against imprisonment for debt, to say
nothing of his exertions for the soldiers of the
revolutionary and late wars, have given him a
reputation which nothing that an humble indi-
vidual like myself could say could add to or
diminish. But in relation to Mr. Van Buren,
upon whom so much vituperation and abuse
have been lavished, I will detain the House but
a few moments. And who is Martin Van Bu-
ren? A man who, through the whole course of
his life, has been identified with the Republican
party, and on that account has drawn down on
his head the most determined and persevering
hatred of the aristocracy; a man against whose
Erivate character and moral worth not even a
reath of slander has dared to approach. He
was the son of an humble farmer in New York,
1 who, at a subsequent period, kept a house of
entertainment at Kinderhook; and through his
long political career has not forgotten that he
was truly and emphatically one of the people,
I and the deadly enemy of aristocracy in any and
every shape by which it might approach our free
institutions.    He has passed through almost all
Í the stations in the gift of the people; and who
dare assert that he has ever been" unfaithful ?
The first office he was called on to occupy was
that period of "the war, these gentlemen did not ' the humble but responsible one of surrogate, or
hold these high offices, but were subordinate -Judge of probate, ^J1^^1^^^^^^
officers under General Harrison, and that at sub'                    ''           "           '""
he was elected a Senator in the Legislature of
•^qnent penods they received their higher grades ■: New York where he continued two terms
on the list of the Army. At the time these cer- ■■ and while there was the unwavenng advocatc
tifkates were given, the signers stood very much 1, of the war, and was the author of the many
patriotic addresses which issued to the coun-
try, calling on the people to sustain the honor,
the rights, and the glory of the Union, against
their powerful and vindictive foe.   At a subse-
quent period, Martin Van Buren was appointed
Attorney General of hisState,and afterwards, by
Mr. Madison, to prosecute General Hull for his
inglorious surrender at Detroit.    When the con-
vention for revising the  Constitution was de-
manded, he was a resident of a Federal county,
where he, as a Republican, could not hope to be
chosen; but such was the necessity for his public
services, in the opinion of the people, that a county
one hundred miles off elected him a member of
the  convention,  and  he  nobly  rewarded  their
well-placed confidence.    At that time no man was
allowed to vote unless he possessed a freehold to
the value of $250, which disfranchised nearly one
half of the whole population; and by his perse-
vering and indefatigable efforts, and his untiring
zeal in the cause of free suffrage, this odious
principle of a property qualification was eradi-
cated from the constitution of New York.   Mr.
Van Buren was twice elected a Senator in Con-
gress by the Legislature, and before his second
term expired, was elected Governor by a greater
vote than has ever since been awarded to any
one; and while discharging the high and onerous
duties of that station, was appointed by our il-
lustrious  Chief Magistrate, Secretary of State.
Sir, at a subsequent period he was appointed, by
the same authority, our Minister Plenipotentiary
to the Court of Great Britain, whence, as is well
known, he was recalled by the Senate, without a
single charge against his ability or fidelity.  When
thus recalled, the people of this Union felt their
rights outraged  and   compromised, and elected
him, by an overwhelming majority, Vice-Presi-
dent of these United States—the station which he
now holds.     Let any man, who is not blinded
and prejudiced by party, examine his conduct
through all the various stages of his public ser-
vices, and he will find that he has fulfilled the
high trusts which have been reposed in him with
honor to himself and benefit to the country.   And
with these facts before his eyes, my colleague
[Mr. Hardin] invokes the people of Kentucky
to refuse their votes to this tried patriot and Rc-
¡ publican, and to give them to General Harrison,
, who has ever been arrayed against the Demo-
cratic party of this Union.    I will not, I cannot,
. believe that such will be the result.
I     Mr. Speaker,I have departed from the subject
I of the resolutions, in order to answer other gen-
tlemen; and I shall now say a few words m rela-
tion to them.    The one proposition is to divide
the proceeds of the public lands among the States
for the purposes of education and internal im-
provement; and the other, which stands in oppo-
sition, is the project of the able and indefatigable
Representative from Illinois, [Mr. Casey,] who
is ever attentive to the trust reposed in him by
his constituents, to graduate the price of the lands,
and thus open a door to their actual settlement by
the hardy yeomanry of the land.    Believing, as
I do, that the first proposition will prostrate the
interests of the West, make that portion of the
Union tributary and subservient  to the eastern
and southern States, and paralyze the arm of ex-
ertion and industry, without corresponding bene-
fits, I am forced to vote against it.   I am a western
man.    I represent aportion of the people of that
country, and (though there are no public lands in
Kentucky) I cannot be instrumental m prostrating
the interests of our sister States; to bind, man-
acle, sell, and deliver them over to the balance of
the Union.    Let the other States but once revel
„ the spoils wrested from the West  and where
! is the remedy in case we should wish to reduce
I   the price  ofVe public lands?    Shall we act on
I: the principles of the monarch, of Lurope, keep
I  lar-e forests and hunting-grounds, to be the abode
of beasts of prey?  or shall we, for a small con-
sideration, open them to the actual occupation of
the honest farmer and his family ?
This is the true question to be decided; and tor
mvself, I would prefer to see the land occupied by
a prosperous and industrious population, sur-
rounded by peace, plenty, and happiness, with
■  the glorious privilege to say, this is my own, and
