352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. McKeon.
Ho. of R
EPS.
tionsoome; by them are these daily denunciations
made; no doubt with a view of arousing the na-
tion to a sense of its danger. If Jupiter himself
should thunder daily from his high heavens, the
sublunary world would become accustomed to
the sound, and remain undisturbed; and certainly
there can be no reason to believe that the daily
rattling of the car of Salmoneus can attract at-
tention. With what truth can they accuse an
Executive of corruption, when the evidence is
before the world of his having placed his veto on
a system of internal improvements which would
have thrown into his hands immense means, by
a diffusion of the public treasure ? An Executive
which resisted the combined influence of wealth,
and refused its sanction to a measure which would
have given it the power to place its satraps in
every section of the Union. Corruption may
be found in a state of quiescence, but not in an
Administration, every step taken by which has
been opposed by a phalanx of industry and talent;
and, notwithstanding, has uniformly triumphed.
With the accuser and accused, I am willing to
«pproach the great tribunal of public scrutiny, and
that the acts of those intrusted with power should
speak for themselves.
What has the Administration done ? Let your
foreign and domestic policy answer. Look to
your seas, unlocked to the commerce of the coun-
try—to channels regained or discovered for the
outpouring of the industry of your farmers. Look
to vour indemnities, wrung from European Pow-
ers, and your country respected amongst the na-
tions of the world, by carrying out the maxim
of American diplomacy, that "we will ask for
nothing but what is right, and submit to nothing
which is wrong." And are there no evidences
of wisdom and integrity in your domestic policy?
Where is the discharge of your national debt?
where the relief from taxes to the amount of
millions by the reduction of your tariff? where
the enlightened policy with regard to your Indian
tribes, preserving them from annihilation, and
giving quiet to your citizens ? where the effort to
restore the gold currency to your country? where
the triumph over a gigantic institution, 'which
had chosen a nation for its antagonist? By its
acts let the Administration be tried, and I have
no doubt of the approving verdict of the country.
In a career of unexampled prosperity, with the
richest stores of plenty, and at peace with the
civilized world, is the position in which the pres-
ent Executive, in the last year of his public career,
finds the nation; and well may be applied to him
the language of the Roman consul, that for many
of these benefits are we indebted to the integrity
and wisdom of one man. In the recollection of
his countrymen his actions will be cherished.
On their tongues shall his actions grow, and on
their records shall they arrive at age and strength;
and the same day which brought deliverance to
the country, shall transmit to posterity the re-
membrance of his Administration,
An Administration, around which so much
luster is now shed, calls for supplies to carry out
its measures relating to the public defense. A
review of its past conduct was made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, with the desire of ascer-
taining whether it was trustworthy. I hope, that
in common with the country, this House is sat-
isfied on that point. The proposition is now
made to us to prepare a system of national de-
fense. Attention has been directed to it, and we
are now called upon to take measures to provide
the country with such defense as her situation
demands, and her character requires at the hands
of the Representatives. We have arrived at a
point at which the question must be settled,
whether we will divide the money in our Treas-
ury, or build necessary fortifications, increase our
Navy, and protect our inland frontier from the
incursions of the savages. The means which we
have at our command will permit us to prosecute
any plans which may be agreed upon. I am not
disposed to rush forward into a system of extrav-
agant expenditures calculated to lay the founda-
tion of a policy opposed to the principles of, and
to bring discredit upon, a republican form of gov-
ernment. The danger is always in extremes.
We have an opportunity of persuing a course
which will end in no improvident expenditure of
the public treasure, and at the same time provide
us with ample defenses. Whatever movements
shall be made, I hope will be taken with due con-
sideration. Opposed as the country is, as a set-
tled policy, to overgrown naval establishments
or large standing armies, I have no doubt every
effort to increase any branch will be watched
with the jealous care which should always char-
acterize a people conscious of the value of the
institutions they enjoy, and anxious for their
preservation. But still, when the condition which
we now present, as to defense, is placed before
the country, there can be no fear of its sustaining
the policy recommended to us.
At various periods reports have been made by
intelligent officers regarding our public defense.
So far as my judgment can Deformed, none holds
a more conspicuous station than the document
which has been laid, within a few days, upon our
tables from the War Department. It displays an
intimate knowledge of a subject of vast extent,
and presents to the view of Congress a system
which, while it avoids all extravagance, is marked
with a prudence which requires that no important
Eosition should remain unprotected. Sanctioned
y the approval of one whose military reputation
was acquired at a period when the world was an
entire battle-field, and when the greatest generals
the world has ever seen were gathering their
laurels, it comes to us with no ordinary character.
An examination of that paper will convince mem-
bers that the systems offered heretofore to the
country will admit of some alteration. The great
divisions of the engineer's report of 1821, insist-
ing upon an efficient organization of our militia,
upon facilities of internal communication, of a
well-arranged navy, and fortifications, as con-
taining the elements of a proper defense, are
points upon which we can all unite. These are
so closely united, that the whole system will be
affected by an improper arrangement of any one
of the parts composing the whole plan. With
respect to our defense, there are three points to
which I must solicit the attention of the commit-
tee. I divide the locations for which provision
should be made (and I believe I do nothing more
than what is suggested by the War Department)
into the frontier bordering upon the British pos-
sessions—our Indian frontier, and maritime fron-
tier. The fact that the British Government has
erected garrisons of great extent at some points
in their possessions, affords no example for our
imitation. Attack, if made, is to be expected
from the strong upon the weaker power. We have
nothing to dread in the shape of an inroad upon
us from that quarter. In the opinion of the Sec-
retary, to build large fortifications on the lakes
Ontario, Erie, Huron, and Michigan would be a
useless expenditure of money, as an enemy might
land at points beyond the reach of these very
forts. Temporary block-houses would answer
every purpose which could be produced by ex-
pensive works. Moreover, a fleet upon which
every reliance might be placed by us could with-
out delay be put afloat upon these inland seas.
The closing of the entrance to Lake Champlain
is a measure recommended by the Department.
Connecting, as this sheet of water does, Canada
with the State of New York and Vermont, it is
necessary for the United States to have a com-
manding position in that section.
The internal frontier of the United States is
covered with hordes of savage*. From the Gulf
of Mexico up to the line dividing our possessions
from those of our British neighbors, our popula-
tion is exposed to the attacks of a barbarian foe,
whoso hatred to the white man is unceasing, and
crowds of whom hang like avalanches, ready to
fall upon our countrymen. We have adopted a
policy which some here insist adds every hour to
the danger. Is it proper that we should transport
the Indians, place arms in their hands, and then
leave them in the neighborhood of civilization, to
watch for their opportunity, and mass-xere those
who are the pioneers in the march of improve-
ment in the new sections of the country? Look
at the position of affairs in that section. You
have a report which shows that a body of Indians
combining a warlike strength of a terrible char-
acter, will soon be collected between our frontier
and the Rocky Mountains.
After the emigration now going on shall be com-
pleted, the following is supposed will be the result:
Indians who have emigrated.......'..... 31,348
Indians to remove..................... 72,181
Indians of indigenous tribes within strik-
ing distance of our frontier...........150,341
253,870
Here is a force well calculated to excite alarm.
The experience of the past appeals to us in char-
acters of blood. We have had in a few years
several Indian wars. At this moment the Semi-
nóles are in arms, and before them many a valiant
man has fallen. The recurrence of these san-
guinary contests, in which neither age nor sex is
spared, must not be permitted. Millions have
already been expended in putting an end to wars
which, had a necessary force been exhibited,
never would have occurred. An increase of mil-
itary force, and of that species of force of mount-
ed men, is necessary to keep the savages in awe.
Nothing, as has often been stated, but a display
of power is calculated to preserve peace; and you
will, by keeping a force before them, convince
them that the war which they wage with the
white man must be hopeless. The establishment
of a road from some point on the Upper Missis-
sippi to Red river, passing west of Missouri and
Arkansas, together with the construction of cer-
tain forts at a trifling expense, recommended by
the Department, will tend to give protection to
our settlements requiring it at our hands by every
dictate of humanity and patriotism.
The most important point of defense, when
viewed either as to extent to be protected, or the
amount to be expended, is our maritime frontier.
With a coast stretching from Nova Scotia, down
to the Sabine river, we present a line of thousands
of miles to the approach of an enemy. To throw
up a line of fortifications, resting one upon the
other; to have our coast defended by a series of
martello towers, with a view of preventing an
unbroken rampart of defense, would be an idle,
extravagant, and useless expenditure of public
money. To fortify every point which can be ap-
proached must be unnecessary; to place fortifica-
tions at the entrances to our principal cities, and
particularly those having naval depots, fortifica-
tions of a character sufficient to meet the attack
of a powerful fleet, must be the great object at
present. The views laid down by Secretary Cass
are so valuable that I cannot forbear to state them
to the committee. After recommending an aug-
mentation of the Navy, an efficient organization
of the militia, the cultivation of military science,
the preservation of a skeleton of a regular estab-
lishment, the proper distribution of the munitions
of war, he proposes to finish the works now un-
der construction, to fortify the harbors and inlets
upon the coast where we have cities and towns
of importance, and where we have naval establish-
ments. He advises also the appointment of a
board to resurvcy positions intended to be forti-
fied; also an investigation to be made in the mat-
ter of steam batteries, with a view of using them
in our system of defense, and particularly our
bays and harbors. He recommends a reconsid-
eration of the project for fortifying the roadsteads
and anchorage grounds; also an increase of the
corps of engineers. According to his report,
there are two bills before Congress, one amount-
ing to $2,180,000, and intended to prosecute
works already commenced. This includes, in
consequence of the loss of the celebrated fortifi-
cation bill, operations of two years. This hill,
in his opinion, ought to be passed without delay.
The second bill proposes nineteen new works, and
$600,000 for steam batteries. He thinks that the
appropriations for the steam batteries may bo
reduced to $100,000; and the following, amount-
ing to twelve in number, may be deemed neces-
sary works: at Penobscot bay, Kennebec river,
Portland, Portsmouth, Salem, New Bedford, New
London, Staten Island, Sollers's Flats, Redoubt
on Federal Point, Barancas, and Fort St. Phdip.
These he deems of paramount importance. The
appropriations for steam batteries are highly im-
portant. In future wars steam is destined to
perform a wonderful part.    Upon these battenea
