1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. McKeon.
Ho. of Reps.
the defense ot our harbors will in a great meas- I
uit dtptitd
In the prosecution of the system of foitifica-
tions wliiiii has heretotore governed us, a num-
ber of works ha\e been erected. The following
presents a list of the fortifications erected since
tiie last war, vvnh their location and character:
Delta of the Mississippi
1   Fort Jackson, a large and expensive work.
2   Fort Pike, an expensive woik.
3   Fort Wood, an expensive work.
4   Tower Dupré, not large.
5   Battery Bienvue, not large.
Mobile.
Fort Morgan, a large and expensive work.
Pensacola.
Fort Pickens, a large and expensive work.
St. Augustine.
A considerable appropriation to repair the fort
at that place.
Cape Fear River, North Carolina.
Fort Caswell, a large and expensive work.
Fort Macon, a large and expensive work.
Hampton Roads, Virginia
Fort Monroe, one of the largest works in the
world, it covers seventy acres of ground.
Fort Calhoun, near Fort Monroe, the founda-
tion made, it has cost already a large sum of
money
Washington City.
Fort Washington, eighteen miles below the
city, a large and expensive work.
Delaware River.
Fort Delaware, a large and expensive work.
It was burnt and is to be rebuilt.                            j
JVeic York.                                  \
Fort Hamilton and Fort Lafayette, both large
and expensive works.
Newport, Rhode Island.
A large work—Fort Adams—unfinished.
The above are all the new works commenced
mnce the war, making eleven new, large, and
expensive works, besides appropriations for old
works south of the city of Washington; and four
ne  large works, besides appropriations for old
works north of the city of Washington.
These constructions have, for the most part,
taken place in our southern portion of the country,
being included in those sections, in the opinion
of the engineer department, requiring early and
efficient defense. The present appropriations
are chiefly proposed for the northern and eastern
sections of country; and are required for positions
calling loudly for the protection of the Govern-
ment. No point on the whole coast requires
that protection more than the city of New York,
and 1 trust that the policy of the Government
will continue to extend its care towards it until
ample defense and shield is given to the lives and
property of not only those in the city of New
York, but the immense extent of country which
it commands. The amount expended on partic-
ular points ought not to be brought into a ques-
tion of this nature. We must expend with refer-
ence to the wants of each section of country.
Some will require more, others less, in proportion
to the exposed situation and the importance of
the point to be fortified. With a view of giving
to the committee full information on the subject
of expenditures on this point, the following table,
prepared at my request, at the engmeei depart-
ment, is submitted to them:
Statement of the amount expended on account of For-
tifications from the year 1791 to the 31st of De-
cember, 1835, in each, of the maritime States and
Territories.
Maine..........................     $6,105 07
New Hampshire.................     95,913 30
Massachusetts...................   737,981 10
Rhode Island....................1,110,157 90
Connecticut.....................,     7J.196 29
New \oik.......................3,678,014 66
new Jersey......................     20,350 00
Pennsylvania....................    191,871 64
Delaware................,,,„,.,.   654,323 49
No. 23
Maryland.......................$1,079,809 03
Virginia.........................3,260,848 69
North Carolina..................   870,785 31
South Carolina...................1,006,665 72
Georgia.........................   478,531 09
Louisiana.......................1,984,493 05
Alabama.........................1,497,137 24
Florida..........................   736,786 29
District of Columbia..............    43,781 74
$17,526,351 61
I offer these to show gentlemen the amount
which has been expended throughout the mari-
time frontier. I will not follow the example
which has been placed before me of drawing com-
parisons between the amounts paid into different
sections of the Confederacy It is a disagreeable
and useless task. I am willing to believe that
the reference to the past may have a beneficial
effect upon the future—that when the ground has
been reviewed over which we have passed we
may be disposed to extend the kind offices of the
Government to those sections now unprovided
with means of protection.
There is one arm of the public defense which,
on all sides, is admitted to require the fostering
care of the Government. The military marine of
the nation is the subject of admiration in every
point of the Union. It has covered itself with
laurels,gathered in con tests with the most gigantic
maritime Power of the world—it has laid upon
our altars the richest trophies, won from those
who had claimed exclusive dominion over the
sea. We look to it, not only as the means of
sustaining our natural character, but as our great
bulwark of defense. With our extensive ocean
boundary, we must necessarily be exposed to
assaults from foreign naval Powers. Our contest
naturally will be upon the ocean; and as the most
effective means of giving protection, and at the
same time best adapted to our institutions and
character, the Navy must be favorably viewed
on this floor, as the basis of our system—atten-
tion must be paid to the condition and location
of your naval depots Without suitable posi-
tions at which your vessels of war can be miilt
and refitted, positions affording facilities of various
kinds, much of the efficiency of your force must
be lost. To the proposition wIikIi has been made
to reduce our naval establishments, I cannot sub-
scribe. I am aware that the Navy commissioners
have heretofore recommended the selection of
Narragansett bay and the Chesapeake, as proper
locations for two great depots. This suggestion
has been examined by a distinguished South Car-
olinian, who opposed the measure on the ground
that the expenditures of the Government ought,
as far as possible, to be distributed throughout
thecountiy; that the concentration of the number
of individuals necessarily employed, would throw
into the hands of those intrusted with power a
dangerous influence; moreover, that it interfered
with the recommendation of the Executive for
the laying up timber. For that purpose, building
slips are required, and great room is necessary.
So essential are these building slips deemed, that
England and France, with a view of having
them in their establishments, have increased their
navy-yards. The report of the Secretary of the
Navy, (now at the head of the Treasuiy Depart-
ment,) in the year 1831, also expressly takes
ground against the reduction. In time of war,
also, the aavantage of having several points of
íefuge for our vessels must be apparent. It never
would answer to have, on the whole line of our
coast, only two places of resort. I am aware that
the opinion prevails that certain points ought to
be abandoned, on the ground that they do not
possess those advantages which are essential to
the proper location of navy-yards. I am aware
that the very city which I have the honor, in
part, to represent, has been deemed one of those
unworthy positions. If gentlemen will examine
the report made by officers of distinction, and
whose knowledge of the wants of our service is
undoubted, made some yeais since in relation to
the propei sites for our naval establishments, and
willapply to the harboi of New York the requisites
deemed necessary for a valuable navy-yard, they
must be satisfied of the piopnety of maintaining
an extensive depot at that place.  I aaa unwilling
to allow the impression to exist, that the public
money is uselessly expended there. The requi-
sites of a proper site are numerous Accessi-
bility alone is not sufficient to recommend a sta-
tion A navy-yard, in the harbor of New Yoik,
is easily defended. A navy-yard ought not to be
located in a position which would require a large
standing force to defend it. Surrounded by a
dense population, defense could be, at New York,
made with efficiency and rapidity. New Yoik
would require a double force to carry on a suc-
cessful blockade. An enemy would be forced to
keep a fleet at the sound, and another at Sandy
Hook. Dry docks can be there made without
difficulty, and, in certain points, fleets might ride
in perfect safety, completely land-locked. Tim-
ber can be readily supplied at this point. The
stores, armaments, and crews of our vessels, can
be procured there with more facility than any
other part of the country. The advantages which
that port has, as the great commercial mart of the
Union, are beyond those possessed by any other
Clace. The ship-building, which is carried on,
ungs to it a large amount of the talent neces-
sary for that branch of business. Of this portion
of our employment we are justly proud We feel
a pride in the skill, taste, and industry displayed
in our naval architecture, manifested, as it is, in
the construction of the humblest craft which may
be seen skimming over our bay, as well as the
massive vessels which carry the reputation of
their construction into distant seas. Tiuly can
be applied to them the remark, that under their
hand3 the rudest matemK soon "assume the
likeness of an animated bi. ug, and, with swell-
ing plumage, rise before us. How necessary
is it to have our national stations so arranged
that we may command the services of the first
artisans in the proper execution of the work of
the Government. I now ask the consideration
of the question of accessibility. That the ingress
and egiess of vessels should be easy, there can be
no doubt. One of the objections to New York
has been removed by the recent surveys made of
the entrance by Sandy Hook. The examinations
made by Lieutenant Gedney, engaged in the coast
survey, have proved that a channel exists which
will permit a vessel of the largest class, without
difficulty, to approach the city. The maps of
this survey I have examined, and I cannot but
bear testimony in favor to the industry and skill
which have contributed to results so valuable to
the commercial and military marine.
Let us now examine the amount of your ma-
rine force. What is the condition and number
of your vessels' Although our commerce covers
every sea, and we rank as the second commercial
nation, we find that we can be considered but as
eighth in regard to force. From a list in Niles's
Register of the naval force of the different Powers,
I give the following statement of the number of
their vessels:
Great Britain.............................746
France..................................333
Sweden and Norway......................261
Russia...................................168
Ottoman Empire..........................132
Holland.................................103
Austria..................................72
All of these Governments, with the exception
of England, have nothing like the interest afloat
that we have; and yet, with a most extended
maritime frontier—stretching upwards of three
thousand miles—with a hundred thousand sea-
men engaged in our marine, with hundreds of
vessels and millions of property exposed, we
have a force inferior to any of the Powers named
above. What force have we in the Mediterra-
nean, Pacific, st Indies, Brazil, East Indies,
and on your coast, at each of which points a
force ought to be stationed> Four frigates and
fourteen sloops of war. No one will be rash
enough to declare this to be sufficient to give any
protection to the property and the lives of your
fellow-citizens. While we have greater interests
at stake than mos^iations, the policy of most of
them has been directed continually to promoting
the advancement of their respective navies. It
may not be without advantage to refer to the
policy of France, with a view of disclosing to
this committee the anxiety of that nation to ob-
tain a naval power.   Every measure calculated
