1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
21th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. McKeon.
Ho. op Reps.
of years to come, that a long time will be required
to carry out these piojects, and we ought to cal-
culate on our revenues to defray the expenses of
these undt.rtakings. Why ought we to depend
upon the future' We have on hand a certain
amount of funds—not a surplus over and above
all the appropriations necessary to cairy on the
Government, as has been represented, but a
sum of 531,000,000 in bank, subject to all the
appropriuions which may be made duung this
session. We have du i ing the year an unexampled
torrent pouring into the public coffers, but as well
might we expect that the swollen streams which
are now seen rushing from your mountains to
the ocean would continue throughout a burning
summer, as to expect that these streams of
wealth will continue to overflow your Tieasury.
From whence do we derive our revenue' Chiefly
from the sale of the public lands and customs
The amount derived from the late sales of the
public domain has been entirely unprecedented.
On reference to the sales which have been made
for the last twenty years, it will be seen that the
amount received during the last year !ai outstrips,
by any millions, any single year of that period
There have been points of time at which great
sales have been made; but, nevertheless, the last
year is immensely beyond them. We have seen
the receipts of 1834, amounting to upwards of
four millions, suddenly rising, in 1835, to near
fifteen millions. Can this state of things con-
tinue' Have we not reason to suppose that
these purchases are entirely in advance of the
natural increase of population—in advance of the
immigration into the new sections of country'
Have we not a right to calculate that the spirit
of speculation to which we may attribute this
demand will soon have lost its vigor and expended
its influence' The late returns show a falling off.
Yes, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee himself
admits that we have reason to calculate on a falling
off of the revenue on this point. Next turn to
your customs, upon which you have mainly de-
pended. Under your present tariff regulations,
reductions at stated periods must be made; and
in 1842 it is estimated that the revenue to be
obtained from this quarter will not exceed nine
millions. I am aware that it is difficult to make
any calculations on the revenues of a country
like this. Its rapidly increasing population, with
its daily extending wants, baffles every conjecture.
I am satisfied that the States, in surrendering
these lands, never contemplated a return of the
proceeds to their State treasuries. New York
first, as she was to make the surrender of her
domain for the general welfare and union of the
States, would be the last to íeceive a portion of
these proceeds while great national objects de-
manded its outlay. If the revenues of the country
are beyond your requirements, it is tyrannical to
draw money from your citizens merely to divide
it again. There can be no legislation so sacred
as to continue a system of raising money unne-
cessarily. If you collect an amount of money
beyond your wants, revise the regulations by
which you indirectly rai&e from the people your
revenues.   The remedy is plain and practicable.
We have been told at one time that the treasure
of the people is now used for purposes of corrup-
tion, at another, the insolvency of all the insti-
tutions in which the public money is deposited
is proclaimed. The cry of corruption is heard
from one end of the country to the other. They
arraign the Executive in relation to the public
money. With Congress lies the responsibility;
and if gentlemen are desirous to remove the dif-
ficulties which they see in leaving the power in
the hands of the Executive, let them assist us to
carry out the desire which we have often ex-
pressed, to have legislation on this subject. It is
manifest that now an effort is made to disturb the
country m its financial situation. An excitement
is attempted to be raised.
Are we to listen once more to prophetic warn-
ings   Are we to have the country alarmed on
the safely of the public moneys when the reports
of the officer at the head of the Treasury show
them to be guarded, so far as depends on him,
by every security it is possible for prudence to
insist upon' I hope we are not to have the panic
scenes restored. But two years since the coun-
try was about to expire from exhaustion; now,
nothing will save it but depletion. Why are these
means put into operation ' Why is an alaim to
be sounded from point to point' Why, amidst
a scene of universal prosperity, is the crash of
our commei cial ci edit and ruin of our industrious
citizens to be at hand ' The gentlemen bring to
my mind the allusion which has been heretofore
made in a difftrent place and on a different occa-
sion by a distinguished statesman, to the giant in
the Arabian Nights When the seal of the casket
in which the giant was imprisoned was removed,
he rose in colossal stature before the astonished
beholder, but in a few moments dwindled down
into his original size. It was again sealed up,
and thrown into the sea. Some two years since
the panic rose before us, striking for a time tenor
into the minds of the timid, but soon sunk into
his original littleness. He was again encased,
and the casket thiown, as we believed, into the
sea of oblivion. We are disappointed It now
appears that some of its good friends have raked
it up, and intend to make it peiform its pari once
more before this community. I did suppose that
experience would have convinced them that they
cannot successfully attempt to awe this people by
such means, that the machinery by which these
excitements have been raised cannot be concealed
from public observation
If after we have made our regular appropria-
tions, and discharged the demands which are
justly chargeable against us, the duty which we
owe to protect our fellow-citizens fiom the toma-
hawk of the savage, the prudence which, as
statesmen, dictates preparation for war in a state
of peace, and the injunctions imposed on us by
the Constitution to dispose of the revenues of
the country so that we may promote the common
defense of the country, will all be fulfilled by
pursuing the policy now proposed to us by the
Administration. The opposite policy is calcu-
lated to disturb the fíame and spirit of our Gov-
ernment, to consolidate power in one center; to
corrupt our legislation; to disturb our financial
concerns; and to entail upon us a system of in-
direct taxation. Whatever opinion may be enter-
tained here, 1 am satisfied without these walls a
large portion of our constituents would never
solicit a distribution so long as the country re-
mains, in its present unprotected character.
Never, sir, while you have not armories, arse-
nals, and fortifications; while your Navy is
wholly inadequate to the protection of your
commerce—your relatives and friends exposed
to the massacre of a hostile and barbarous foe.
I cannot admit the argument that the prosperity
of the States must depend on the division of
money to be made here. I cannot consent to see
the States reduced to the condition of suppliants
at the door of Congress. The prosperity of these
immense sovereignties depends upon themselves.
I turn to the East and to the North, and listen to
the sound of their thousand looms, and see the
swelling canvas of their vessels covering every
sea. I turn to the South and West, and behold
their luxuriant fields yielding their rich returns
to the husbandman. At every point I observe
the energy, activity, and industry of my coun-
trymen developing the resources of their several
States, and feel satisfied that upon these means
the States must depend to sustain them in a
career which defies calculation. They will not
stop to ask alms of the General Government;
they will not be more avaricious than a Roman
populace. Yes, sii, the overflowing granaries
of the imperial city furnish us with a valuable
lesson. The people of that city, when the sug-
gestion was made to them to divide the revenues
arising from the sale of the surplus corn, indig-
nantly rejected tho proposition. Are we to out-
strip them in a career of this character.'
It has been declared upon this floor that we
are rapidly approaching an important crisis; and
we can be saved alone by the exertions of two
distinguished forms which have for years past
appeared before the country. We are hurried
on in a course which leads to a yawning gulf,
and to these two lights of the age must we look
for assistance. We are called upon to follow the
light of the twin stars which now are seen shining
together, and who never could have presented a
favorable omen except when separated, particu-
larly to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Thompson,] and those who navigate with the
same guide the boisterous sea of politics I leave
to him the task of explaining the change of opin-
ion which can induce men to see in tne present
conjunction these favorable auspices, in the union
of men, widely differing in policy, one pursuing
a course in which the other saw the annihilation
of the happiness and prosperity of the country.
I wish to learn by what mighty magic these
laborers are now to be united for the common
good of the whole country. Why this wonder-
ful cooperation with the same view > For myself
I cannot acquiesce in the doctrine that the coun-
try must depend foi its safety upon the adoption
of the projet of either the one or the other. I
am aware that the idea of distributing millions
amongst the States is industriously circulated; I
am aware that the people of this country are ap-
pealed to by every consideration of pecuniary
interest, with a view of arousing their feelings in
favor of the division of the revenues of the coun-
try, and that one political party is anxiously
striving to obtain power by presenting this issue
to the community. It is but the repetition of the
means always resorted to by one of our great
political divisions. Fiom the earliest formation
of the Government down to the present day, one
section has endeavored to rally the people under
its banner by appeals to their interest, the other
by appeals to their patriotism And let me as-
sure those who now hope to grasp the scepter
of power, that they will never succeed in their
efforts by the means which they now employ.
The people of this countiy will never consent to
make the General Government the grand reser-
voir into which the public treasure must flow,
thence to be poured into the several States. It
was never formed for such purpose, it never
could have been intended to collect more revenue
than such as would carry on the operations of
your Government. When the people are bound
to the Union by no other ligament than that of
interest—by the amount of public revenue de-
rived fiom the general Treasury—a period of
corruption will be at hand which must be the
precursor of the annihilation of republican prin-
ciples, and the closing of one of the most bril-
liant eras which has illumined the history of
mankind.
Time as well as means will be required for the
task which we propose to execute. France re-
quired fifty years to fortify her territory. Although
our system will not demand any portion of time
like this, still years will be necessary to accom-
plish our objects. The danger which we have
passed should teach us to prepare for the future.
We ought to seize upon the opportunity now
offered to us. It is, when we have time and
money, that we should be preparing our panoply
of defense. It is not when the enemy may be at
our Capitol that we should be arming. It is not
when the sky is lowering, perhaps when the
hurricane is sweeping over the land, that we
should be preparing to resist its ternble and des-
olating effects. It is in vain that we pursue a
policy as a nation not calculated to interfere with
the other nations of the world. The ambition
and the interests of the rulers have left these les-
sons upon the page of history, and ought not to
be overlooked by us. Our advancing power daily-
adds to our exposure. Not only near at hand,
but at the distance, we can gather signs which
oughttoexciteourattention. It hasbeenremarked
that the time cannot be far distant when we may
witness a struggle between the liberal and despotic
nations of the Old World. At this very moment,
in every European Government, the legions of
power may be said to be under arms. If the
struggle should take place, the war will not only
be a war of opinion between the several States,
but one bursting forth in every empire. It will
be the contest of the many conscious of their
rights, and warring in the majesty of those rights
against despotism, armed, as it always is, with
gigantic strength. Not only will it be a war
between the liberal and oppressive Governments,
but one in which every empire will be made the
theater on which must be displayed the develop-
ment of principles, the successful operation of
which have been before the woild for upwards
of half a century. The civilized world is con-
scious of a change.   A novel and resistless inilu-
