360
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
hand Distribution Bill—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
sure and distress which prevailed at that period.
Such was the situation of the public funds in the
Bank of the United States in 1819.
But the Senator told us that the deposit banks
have only eleven millions of specie, and endeav-
ored to make an impression that this was all their
resources with which to refund to the Govern-
ment nearly thirty-two millions. If this was a
true test of the ability of banks, what has been
the situation of the Bank of the United States,
which the Senator has regarded as so safe a de-
pository of the public treasure? In 1831 that
bank had but $8,198,682 in specie, when the
Government deposits were $7,252,249, and pri-
vate deposits $9,115,836, and its circulation was
$22,399,447; making in the whole, to say nothing
of other debts, $38,768,532, to be paid from a
specie fund of little more than eight millions.
At some periods, the specie of the Bank of the
United States has been less, and, if I recollect
right, the president of that bank has stated in
some of his reports, that six millions in specie
was all that was required for the safety of the
bank and the public.
Would the Senator require one rule for the
Bank of the United States, and another for the
State banks? The latter was regarded as per-
fectly safe, and as furnishing the best national
currency for the country, without regard to the
specie in its vaults; it was sufficient to rely on its
general means, and solvency; but the State banks
must have specie equal to their indebtedness.
In any view which can be taken of this sub-
ject, the public funds must be considered as safer,
so far as regards any considerable loss, than when
in the Bank of the United States. As respects
capital, that bank had, exclusive of what be-
longed to the United States, but twenty-eight mil-
lions; that of the deposit banks is more than
forty-three million dollars.
The condition of these deposit banks, on the
31st day of March last, according to a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the 23d of April,
was as follows:
Loans and discounts............$68,850,287 67
Domestic exchange.............32,775,529 42
Real estate.....................    1,929,056 68
Due from banks................15,931,916 22
Notes of other banks...........11,107,447 78
Specie.........................10,885,996 92
Foreign exchange..............       532,450 96
Expenses.......................      184,901 22
Other investments..............10,651,759 92
$152,849,346 79
Capital........................$43,690,980 28
Treasurer of the United States... 33,294,024 08
Public officers..................   3,477,252 42
Due to banks..................15,366,674 49
Contingent fund................    1,102,763 15
Profit and loss, &c..............   4,094,358 12
Circulation.....................28,796,186 98
Private deposits................15,453,092 11
Other liabilities.................   7,574,015 16
$152,849,346 79
I have made these statements, not from any
partiality to the deposit banks, as I am not their
advocate, and consider all banks as conducted
essentially on the same principles—to make the
greatest profit, without regard to the public or
private interests of the community. I do not
approve of their having so large an amount of the
public funds, and especially without paying any
interest for the same; but this is an unusual and
unexpected state of things, and I trust will soon
be remedied. My object has not been to defend
these banks, but to show that the public funds
are safe.
In addition to the security afforded by the cap-
ital and otherproperty of the banks, the Secretary
of the Treasury has in some cases required col-
lateral and personal security for the public depos-
its. These contracts, the Senator from Kentucky
informs us, are totally void, because there is no
)aw expressly authorizing them. He asks, with
apparent triumph, by what authority and under
what law these contracts are made? This objec-
tion, if valid for any purpose, is applicable to the
contract itself; for there is no act expressly au-
thorizing the Secretary to employ agents for the
safe-keeping of the public revenues. If the argu-
ment proves anything it proves that the contracts
with the banks are illegal and void, and that the
money can never be reclaimed. If the contracts
are valid, then the stipulation for personal security
is binding, as that is a part of the contract. The
argument proves too much, and therefore proves
nothing at all.
The Senator also says, that the regulation of the
Secretary requiring the deposit banks not to issue
bills of less denomination than ten dollars, is an
alarming assumption of power; a species of ex-
ecutive legislation designed to regulate the cur-
rency. He says he will not inquire whether the
regulation is a wise one or not; whether it is
calculated to have a beneficial or injurious influ-
ence; but asks where the Secretary gets his power
to control the State banks, and regulate the cur-
rency of the country ? He had supposed this
power belonged to Congress. Why, the Senator
must know full well, that neither Congress nor
the Secretary have any power over the State
banks. This, like the requirement of personal
security, is only a part of the contract. The
Secretary, in employing the fiscal agents of the
Treasury, can prescribe such conditions as he
sees fit, not inconsistent with law, but the agent
is not bound to agree to them, nor has the Sec-
retary any means to enforce him to comply with
his conditions. All that he can do is to decline
to employ the agent who will not comply with
the conditions he may prescribe. This is the
alarming usurpation which the Senator has dis-
covered. But he will not inquire whether the
object is a good one or a bad one; which, it ap-
pears to me, is the essential point. Are we to
understand that he is opposed to restraining the
circulation of small bills issued by the State
banks? If not, why this complaint of an attempt
to stop their circulation by contract with those
banks, which are employed as the receivers of
the public revenues? It is said that the present
surplus in the Treasury, and which is deposited
in the State banks, is unprecedented and dan-
gerous. An overflowing Treasury seems to be
a subject of as much alarm now as an exhausted
one did two years ago, which was then so con-
fidently predicted. The large amount of money
in the Treasury had arisen from two causes: the
unprecedented sale of public lands, which during
the year 1835 and the first quarter of 1836 have
exceeded twenty millions; and the delay to pass
the appropriation bills, whereby money that
ought to have been paid out, is still retained in
the Treasury. But, from the remarks which have
just been made on this subject, it might be sup-
posed that there had never before been a balance
in the Treasury. But there have usually been
balances, and at times very large balances, which
have been deposited either in State banks or in
the Bank of the United States. The balance in
the Treasury at the close of the year 1815, and
deposited in State banks, was $13,000,000; in
1816, $22,033,519, more than two thirds the
present amount; in 1817, when the Bank of the
United States was encouraging speculations in
stocks, and using the funds of the Government
for that purpose, the balance was $14,989,465;
in 1823, it was $9,463,922; in 1826, $6,358,586,
in 1827, $6,668,000; in 1828, $5,972,000; in 1829,
$5,668,000. From the last period, to the time
the connection of the Treasury with the Bank of
the United States was terminated, there was a
balance of from five to ten millions.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] has alluded to the State banks, and ap-
parently with the purpose of creating a panic, on
account of the rapid increase of these institutions,
and the alarming extension of the paper system.
In his apprehensions on this subject I can fully
Carticipate; but can, by no means, concur in what
e assigns as the cause of the increase of the State
banks. He attributes it to the measures of the
Government in hostility to the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, or to the overthrow of that bank.
Th's cause rests on an assumption of a fact,
which is not true—the Bank of the United States
has not been destroyed, nor has its operations
ceased. It is true some of its branches have been
discontinued; and this circumstance, with other
causes, may have had some influence on the
establishment of State banks in some of the west-
ern States; but if the withdrawal of the capital of
this bank is to be regarded as occasioning the
incorporation of State institutions, it is a cause
that could operate only so far as to supply, by
State banks, the amount of capital withdrawn by
the bank of the United States; and this would be
no increase of the aggregate banking capital in
the Union.
Nothing can be more unfounded, and even pre-
posterous, than the pretension that the Bank of
the United States prevented tlio establishment
of State banks, and restrained their operations.
This position, so often and constantly asserted,
is not only unsustained, but is opposed both to
facts and principle. In point of fact the State
banks have increased more rapidly since the es-
tablishment of the Bank of the United States in
1816, than they ever did previous to that period.
And in respect of principle, it is absurd to con-
tend that banking is to be limited and restricted
by superadding the legislation of the Union to
that of the States, in granting bank charters. The
cause of the alarming multiplication of banks and
increase of bank capital lies much deeper. It is
to be found in the spirit of traffic and speculation
which prevails so extensively in our country, and
which the Bank of the United States has been, in
an eminent degree, instrumental in engendering
and sustaining. Shall the champions of the Bank
of the United States, who maintained that it3
notes were the only sound national currency,
reproach those who were opposed to that cor-
poration, and to the present banking system gen-
erally, for the consequences and evils of the un-
precedented increase of banks in the States? Sir,
such taunts come with a bad grace from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Who are the advocates of State banks, and
the petitioners and applicants for their charters?
Are they not the supporters of the Bank, or a
Bank,of the United States? In some of the States
it is true that many who were, or professed to be,
opposed to the national bank, are the zealous
supporters of the State institutions. But there
are a large portion of those opposed to the Bank
of the United States who disapprove the whole
banking system, or desire to reform it by with-
drawing a large portion of the paper circulation,
and substituting a hard money currency in its
place. In my own State, this is almost universally
true; all who are opposed to the Bank of the
United States are opposed to the multiplication
of State corporations, and in favor of restricting
the circulation of the existing institutions. The
increase of State banks, the last two or three
years, is truly alarming; and if this spirit is not
checked, an explosion of the entire paper system
will be inevitable. In an able work by Mr. Gal-
latin, formerly Secretary of the Treasury, he
states that in 1830 there were two hundred and
eighty-one banks in the United States, with a
capital of $95,000,000; and it is now estimated
that there are about seven hundred and fifty
banks, possessing an aggregate capital of nearly
$300,000,000. Mr. Gallatin's statement was not
entirely correct, and probably fell short of the
true number; it was five short of the number
in Connecticut. But the increase of banks and
banking capital has been sufficiently rapid and
alarming; it cannot have been less than one hun-
dred per cent, the last three years. If this spirit
of speculation and gambling continues, and, in-
stead of being checked, is encouraged by the
improvident and reckless legislation of the States,
a fatal and ruinous explosion of the whole paper
system must be the consequence. This is as
inevitable as those results which follow from
natural causes. And will no effort be made to
arrest these evils? Will the prudent, the wise,
and the honest, calmly witness, and without an
effort to arrest an evil of such magnitude, the
gathering elements fraught with such incalculable
calamities to their country ?
The Senator from Kentucky says that the sur-
plus in the Treasury has already engendered a
spirit of extravagance and wastefulness; that in-
stead of the old republican practice of inquiry
what is the lowest rate of appropriations with
which the service can be carried on, the inquiry
now is, what is the highest rate, and how we can
