362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Niles.
result of speculations, which cannot continue.
Itis not to beapprehended that the reaction which
has commenced will be as severe or as protracted
as that of 1819. The embarrassment and dis-
tress then continued for three years, and extended
over the whole country. The Bank of the Uni-
ted States, which had exerted a controlling; and
pernicious influence in originating the spirit of
overtrading and speculation, was also the prin-
cipal instrument in occasioning the distress, as it
was compelled, in self-defense, to make rapid and
forced curtailments of its loans. From February
to December it reduced its loans $12,000,000, be-
ing nearly one third of the whole amount. Of
this period of distress, Mr. Crawford, in 1819,
then Secretary of the Treasury, remarked: "Few
instances are on record of sufferings so deep and
extensive as those which have overspread the
United States."
Let us now examine into the probable expend-
itures of the present year. It must not be for-
gotten that appropriations for the year are one
thing, and the moneys actually drawn from the
Treasury for public purposes, are another thing.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
addressed to Congress early in the session, eon-
tains the following estimates as to the appropri-
ations and expenditures for the year 1836:
Estimate of appropriations required for the ser-
vice of the year 1836.............$17,515,933
Appropriations for the services of the
year 1836, made by former acts of
Congress........................   2,273,000
Appropriations not required for 1835,
which it is proposed to apply in aid
of the service of 1836........____      344,707
Existing appropriations which will be
required to complete the service of
the year 1835, and former years,
but which will be expended in the
year 1836____.........$7,306,765
Deduct appropriations not
wanted...............     475,321
--------------   6,831,444
Total of appropriations for 1836... .|26,965,084
But the entire amount of these appropriations
will not be actually expended during the year;
the last year a little over seven millions were
unexpended. It therefore will be reasonable to
conclude that about twenty millions will be re-
quired to complete the service of 1835 and former
years, and for the ordinary service of the year
1836. This estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury is only for the ordinary service of the
year, and has no reference to the extraordinary
expenses of the Florida Indian war, for fortifica-
tions, (except the ordinary appropriations for
that purpose,) ordnance, increase of the Navy,
Ind ian treaties, or any other extraordinary objects
of expenditure.
More than two millions have already been
appropriated for the expenses of the Indian war
in Florida; and as the hostile Seminóles have not
been subdued, a considerable force must be kept
there during the year, as little can be expected to
be done during the warm season. Five millions
will be a very moderate estimate for the expenses
of this war, and it is to be feared it will exceed
that sum. The two important Indian treaties
now before the Senate, snould they be ratified,
will, it is understood, require an expenditure of
about seven and a half millions, so that these two
heads of extraordinary expenditure alone will
amount to twelve and a half millions. But there
will be others, amounting to several millions,
independent of fortifications, increasing the Navy,
and all other objects of permanent defense. The
frontiers of the States west of the Mississippi
have become much exposed to Indian hostilities
by the removal of nearly all the Indians east of
the Mississippi to the country west of those
States. There is said to be two hundred and
forty thousand Indians west of that frontier. The
war now raging in Texas will, from the known
character of the Indians, be likely to enkindle a
spirit of hostility among some of those tribes,
and additional troops will be required for the
defense of that exposed frontier. There is, I
understand, a bill before the House providing for
raising a regiment of dragoons, and authorizing
the President to accept the services of companies
of volunteers, not to exceed ten thousand men,
for the defense of the western frontier. This bill
will probably become a law, and will involve a
considerable expenditure, probably not less than
one or two millions.*
These three heads of extraordinary expendi-
ture alone, added to the ordinary disbursements
of the year, will make about thirty-four millions
and a half, which, deducted from $54,000,000,
the whole revenue of the year would leave but
§19,500,000. What would be the situation of the
Treasury, if this bill was to pass? It would draw
from it, the present year, about thirty-seven mil-
lions and a half. The sums given are the gross
amount, from which some deductions are to be
made. This would occasion adeficitof f 18,000,000,
without any appropriations (except the ordinary)
for fortifications, ordnance, increasing the Navy,
or other permanent objects of defense. How is
this deficiency to be supplied ? There are but two
ways. We must either raise the duties on im-
posts, or borrow the money. If there was to be
an increase of the customs, it must be done by re-
storing the duties on the free articles, as the rates
of duties cannot be interfered with,consistent with
the compromise act of 1833. But the mode of
doing it is not material; in any way it will be a
tax on the country. Will you distribute the
money now in the Treasury among the States,
and then raise, by increasing the taxes, fifteen or
twenty millions for the public service? This is
the question which Congress and the country are
called on to decide. There can be no essential
error in this statement; for, if the estimate of the
receipts from the public lands should be too low,
it would not vary the result; for the whole pro-
ceeds of the land are to be distributed. Should
this bill pass, the $29,000,000 now in the Treas-
ury, being the amount of proceeds from the lands
for the years 1833-34-35, and the first quarter of
the present year, would be distributed to the States
in installments commencing in July, whether there
was a dollar left in the Treasury or not. Are the
people prepared to pay fifteen or twenty millions
in taxes, for the sake of having the money now
in the Treasury, and which is wanted for the pub-
lic service, divided among the States, and squan-
dered on works of internal improvements? All
the objects, too, for the more complete defense
of the country must be abandoned.
If this bill should not become a law, there will,
according to the estimates and statements made,
be a surplus at the close of the year of about
nineteen millions. The various public and pri-
vate bills before Congress will probably reduce it
to two or three millions below that amount. Are
there no national purposes to which this fund can
be applied wisely and judiciously for the common
benefit of the whole Union ? Is it not wanted for
the more complete defense of the country? Is
there any one, however averse to an extensive
system of fortifications, who can doubt that this
sum is wanted for fortifications, the increase of
the Navy, ordnance, and the improvement of
navy-yards? The question is not whether this
sum can be judiciously and economically ex-
pended on these objects this year, for that is not
necessary, but whether it is for the interest of
the Union—whether it is wise and patriotic to
retain this surplus now we have it, and apply it
as fast as it conveniently and economically can
be to the defenses of the country. On this ques-
tion I should think there could be but one opin-
ion. The sum is less than one quarter what has
been estimated by the Engineer department and
the Navy commissioners as being required for
the objects specified.
On the subject of fortifications and the defense
of the country generally the report of the Secretary
of War recently made is a most important and
valuable document. His views are sound, judi-
cious, and practical; they evince a thorough
knowledge of the subject, and an eminent dis-
crimination and judgment in the application of
that knowledge. He does not contemplate a sys-
* Since the speech was delivered the Secretary of War
has requested the appropriation of $1,000,000 lor the sup-
port of an increased force to defend the western frontier
1 against Indian hostilities.
__________________          Senate.
tern of fortifications for the protection of the sea-
coast, but only for the defense of certain points
as the large cities and navy-yards; and for these
purposes he does not recommend large and strong
fortifications constructed to stand a regular sie°-e'
In the views of the Secretary of War, differing
somewhat from those of the engineer department"
the President has added his full concurrence.      '
The engineer department have estimated' the
expense for completing the military defenses of
the United States, including fortifications, ord-
nance, arsenals, depots,&c.,atabout$61,000,000.
This estimate is made upon a larger and more
comprehensive scale of fortifications than the
President and Secretary of War recommend.
To complete the fortifications now under con-
struction the estimate is $11,609,444, and for the
first class of new forts they estimate $5,873,000,
and for ordnance for the forts $17,840,249. This
is a subject on which I do not profess to be com-
petent to form any opinion; but I have now, aa
I always have had, a strong aversion to an ex-
tensive system of fortifications; it does not seem
to be consistent with the genius of our institu-
tions, and has in my mind an intimate connection
with a standing army.
The board of Navy commissioners estimate
the expenditures for the naval purposes, as fol-
lows:
For increase of the Navy, and purchase of ma-
terials for preservation, to be used in case of
war............................$17,760,000
For ordnance for the Navy.........   1,800,000
For navy-yards....................   3,600,000
Total..........................$23,160,000
For all these important objects connected with
the permanent defense of the country, the surplus
of the present year, amounting to from fifteen to
twenty millions, together with the small surplus
there may be the two ensuing years, cannot, it
is believed, be deemed more than a reasonable
and adequate provision. If anything can add to
the fitness and propriety of applying the present
surplus to the permanent defenses of the country
it is the consideration that this fund is not a sur-
plus revenue, as seems to be supposed. Twenty-
nine millions out of the thirty-two in the Treasury
have been received for the sale of the public lands
the last three years, and twenty millions during
the past year and the first quarter of the present
year. This fund has not accrued as a revenue,
but from the sale of the public property—the sale
of the national domain, the most valuable inher-
itance that any nation ever possessed, and which
is rapidly wasting away. Is there not a peculiar
fitness and propriety that this fund should be
reinvested in permanent works for the common
benefit and security of the whole country ?
Mr. President, the most important view of this
subject still remains. This must be regarded as
a bill for the sequestration of the public lands,
and the division of them, in whole or in part,
among the States, and of course withdrawing
this branch of revenue from the Government of
the Union. Looking at this measure in this
light, it is one of the highest importance, not so
much in a financial point of view as from its po-
litical bearings and influence. What may be the
effects of a measure resting on principles so new
and dangerous no one can foresee; but that its
operation might be to change our political sys-
tem is perfectly clear to my mind. This measure
has been attempted to be supported on two
grounds, neither of which, itis believed, can be
sustained.
1st. That it is constitutional, just, and expe-
dient to divide the public lands among the States
on general principles, and without any reference
to the present state of the Treasury; and
2d. That it is proper as a temporary measure to
relieve the country from the evils of a redundant
Treasury, by disposing of a surplus which is
not wanted for the uses of the Federal Govern-
ment.                                               .        _ .       ,
In relation to the last ground it is sufficient to
say, that it is not true in poin
t of fact.    There
is no such surplus as this argument presupposes;
and no surplus at all which is not wanted for
constitutional, legitimate, and highly useful ob-
