1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortifying the Maritime Frontier—Mr. Ruggles.
Senate.
and then supply the deficiency by taxes, would
be a most palpable abuse of the taxing power.
The power of taxation excited moiealarm.and
occasioned a more determined resistance, than
c„v other in the Constitution, it was the point
against which that distinguished champion of
popular rights, Patrick Henry, directed his pow-
erful eloquence
This bill will withdraw one entire branch of
the public revenue, and of couise throw all the
eipenses of this Government on to the other. It
is true it is limned to five years, but the principle
leads to this result; and when once adopted, it
will be acted on from time to time. The gicat
champion of this measure admits that this will
probably be the case, and says it is the greatest
recommendation of the bill.
Why shall this Government tax the people to
raise money to distribute among the States? Will
the people or the States be benefited by this op-
eration' And what will be its influence on our
institutions, and the relations between the States
and the Union' Would not such a principle
reverse the order of things, and change the very
system of the Government > The States possess
the primary taxing power, they have conferred
on this Government a special, limited power of
taxation, for certain specific purposes, enumerated
in the Constitution But if Congress shall íaise
taxes not only for the purposes of this Govern-
ment, but also for those of the States, it will
engross the entire taxing power reserved to the
States
What would be the inevitable effect of such a
principle upon the States' Would it not be a
fatal blow to their independence' Would it not
have a more direct tendency towards consolida-
tion than any other, or all other measures ever
yet adopted' Would it not accustom the States
to depen3 on this Government for their revenues,
and even for their ordinary expenditures? And
is it supposed that one community can be de-
pendant on another for its expenditures, without
gradually losing its independence and sinking
into degradation' It is impossible. Would not
the influence of this measure be the most per-
nicious and corrupting in the Legislatures of the
Slates, and even on public sentiment among the
people' This scheme of distribution is already
pressed into the service of electioneering, and
has been so used during the late election in the
State 1 have the honor in part to represent. The
people have thus far resisted Us seductive in-
fluence, and maintained their integrity. How
long they may be able to do it, remains to be
known
The suggestions of the President, in his veto
message, in regard to the effect of this distribu-
tion scheme on the interests, the political rights,
and the independence of the States, are deserv-
ing the most profound consideration. 1 will call
the attention of the Senate to some parts of this
message.
" It appears to me that amore direct road to con-
' sohdation cannot be devised. Money is power,
' and in that Government which pays all the public
' officers of the States will all political power be
'substantially concentrated. The State govern-
1 ments—if governments they might be called—
* would lose all their independence and dignity.
'The economy which now distinguishes them,
1 would be converted into a profusion limited only
' by the extent of the supply.
" Being the dependents of the General Govern-
' ment, and looking to its Treasury as the source
' of all their emoluments, the State officers, under
J whatever names they might pass, and by what-
ever forms their duties might be prescribed,
'would, in effect, be the mere stipendiaries and
instruments of the central power.
( " I am quite sure the intelligent people of our
tseveral States will be satisfied, on a little refleo
(tion, that it is neither wise nor safe to release
¡ the members of their local Legislatures from the
responsibility of levying the taxes necessary to
(support their State governments, and vest it in
, Congress, over most of whose members they
(¡}ave no control They will not think it expe-
dient that Congress shall be the tax-gatherer
Md paymaster of their State governments, and
("tus amalgamate all their officers into one mass
of common interest and common feeling.   It is
' too obvious that such a course would subvert
' our well balanced system of government, and
' ultimately deprive us of all the blessings now
' derived from our happy Union.
" It is difficult to perceive what advantages
* would accrue to the old States or the new from
' the system of distribution which this bill pro-
' poses, if it was otherwise unobjectionable. It
' requires no argument to prove that if three mil-
' lion dollars a year, or any other sum, shall be
' taken out of the Treasury by this bill for distri-
' bution, it must be replaced by the same sum
' collected from the people through some other
' means. The old States will receive annually a
' sum of money from the Treasury, but they will
' pay in a larger sum, together with the expenses
' of collection and distribution. It is only their
' proportion of seven eighths of the proceeds of the
' sales which they are to receive, but they must
' pay their due proportion of the whole. Disguise
' it as we may, the bill proposes to them a dead
' loss in the ratio of eight to seven, in addition to
' expenses and other incidental losses. This as-
' sertion is not the less true because it may not
' at first be palpable. Their receipts will be in
' large sums, but their payments in small ones.
' The governments of the States will receive seven
' dollars, for which the people of the States will
' pay eight. But a little consideration will satisfy
' the people that the effect is the same as if seven
' hundred dolíais were given them from theTreas-
' ury, for which they were at the same time to
' pay eight hundred
In what situation will this distributing scheme
place the two Houses of Congress> Will not its
pernicious influence be felt in our entire legisla-
tion' Ought those who are intrusted with the
high and responsible duties of making laws for
the whole Union, and guarding and protecting
the rights and interests of the whole country, to
be placed in such a situation that the local inter-
ests of their respective States are brought into
direct conflict with those of the Union' If the
principle of distribution is once established, and
the States are taught to look to this Government
for then revenue, will not the members of Con-
gress be instructed to oppose all important meas-
ures, calculated to diminish the general fund
which they wish to distribute among the States'
The in tei ests of their immediate constituents must
have a controlling influence on the minds of
membeis.and the most zealous efforts to increase
the fund for distribution would be regarded as the
surest way to acquire local popularity. Every
important measure for the defense of the country,
or any other important object, would have to
encounter this coirupting influence. This is
really an agrarian law, as it virtually provides
for a division of the public lands, not among the
people, but among the States, where the scramble
for a further distribution or division of it will be
renewed; and will not this occasion all the evils
and contentions which attended that species of
legislation in ancient Rome' And so far as it
might accustom the people of the States to look
up to this central Government for money, would
it not, in some degree, have the same pernicious
influence as the laws of that ancient republic,
which distubuted corn among the people from
the public granaries, and thus paralyzed their
industry, destroyed their independence, corrupted
their morals, and worked a change m the polit-
ical institutions of the country' The inglorious
author of those laws has transmitted his name to
remote postenty, only to be despised for weakness
and political profligacy.
Mr. President, I must apologize for having de-
tained the Senate so long, and will close with one
more observation. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] remarked that this was
peculiarly a beneficent measure to the whole
Union. A beneficial measure truly, which, dis-
guise it as you may, is nothing more nor less
than an artful scheme of raising money from the
people by indirect taxation, to return to them
again—no, not to return it to the people from
whose pockets it has been taken, but to give it
to their public agents. A beneficent measure,
which bears upon its very face a concealed/raud,
for while it purports to be an act of grace and
bounty, it is in fact and truth only an attempt to
buy up the people with their own money.
FORTIFYING THE MARITIME FRONTIER
REMARKS OF HON. B. RUGGLES,
OF MAINE,
In the Senate, May 21, 1836,
On the bill making appropriations for Tortifying the Man-
time Frontier
Mr RUGGLES said-
Mr. President. This bill has been slumbering
on the table for more than two months without
any disposition being manifested by a majority
of the Senate to take it up. The inquiry through-
out the country is, where is the fortification bill>
What has become of the fortification bill  Why
does not the Senate act on the fortification bill>
All the sea-board—all that part of it which has
not been already provided with works of defense,
is alive to the subject. No measure is more im-
periously demanded by the exposed condition of
the sea-board, and none more loudly called for,
in connection with liberal appropriations for an
increase of the Navy, by the general sense of
the country.
This matter has been delayed and put off till
it is now too late to do much else than to prepare
for entering upon the contemplated works at an
early period of the next year. And why it is
that this important bill has been postponed for
others of much less consequence, and suffered,
nay, made to he on the table, while the season
for operations has been passing away, I am un-
able to understand. But I hope the Senate will
now settle the details of it, and do what, in my
humble apprehension, the Senate ought to have
done two or three months ago.
The Senator from Tennessee, who has just
taken his seat, [Mr. White,] appears to under-
stand the Secretary of War as recommending, in
Ins report on this subject, a postponement of all
the new foitifications named in this bill, and the
completion of those works only which have been
heretofore commenced. But, sir, I have not so
understood the report. On the contrary, the
Secretary expressly recommends the construction
of fortifications at several points where none have
been commenced
If we are to proceed upon the principle that no
new works shall be commenced, confining the
appropriations to the completion of those already
in a state of forwardness, the State I have the
honor to represent will still be left without de-
fenses. She has no works commenced, and
therefore has none to complete The views of
the Senator from Tennessee go to sustain the
motion submitted by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] when this bill
was last before the Senate, and which, as I
understand it, now comes forward for considera-
tion. The motion was to amend the bill by
striking out the appropriation for the defense of
the Kennebec. In making the motion, he an-
nounced his intention also of moving to strike
out all the appropriations for works of the third
class, as classified in the report of the board of
engineeis made in 1821, and also to strike out
the appropnation for steam batteries. These
several motions, it seems, are to be met succes-
sively. Now, the Kennebec falls within the third
class, in that report, and would therefore be
embraced in the second proposed amendment.
But the Senator has thought proper to single out
the Kennebec river for the separate action of the
Senate, no doubt supposing it to be a vulnerable
point, and more assailable than any other in the
bill He doe3 not choose to attack the whole
line' of fortifications at once, but to break through
it at some chosen point, and then to cut them up
in detail I suppose that would be according to
military principles.
It is not my intention, sir, to take up the time
of the Senate in advocating the system of national
defenses, for one part of which this bill provides,
for I apprehend that at this day few are to be
found who are willing to hazard their reputation
as statesmen by calling in question the wisdom
of shielding a maritime frontier, and furnishing
a navy with convenient and numerous places of
resort and refuge. The example of other nations
and the experience of our own, the concurring
opinion of distinguished statesmen arjd sthers
