366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortifying the Maritime Frontier—Mr. Ruggles.
Senate.
eminent for their military science; the established
policy of our Government, hitherto sustained by
all parties; in fine, history, example, experience,
science, and patriotism—all concur in sustaining
the system of national defenses which embraces
a navy and fortifications. The recent report of
the Secretary of War upon this subject, which
has received so much commendation, fully sus-
tains the principles of the bill under consideration,
differing only in some of its details.
Indeed, I do not understand that this system
of defense is seriously questioned by the Senator
who submitted this motion. There is, however,
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] who, the other day, in endeavor-
ing to find sufficient surplus revenue to justify
its distribution among the States, took occasion
to denounce fortifications on the maritime fron-
tier as wholly unnecessary to the present and '
prospective condition of ourcountry. He thought
we could do without them. He was opposed to
the whole scheme. And I infer from his remarks
that he was also opposed to a navy; for he told
us that, instead of preventing an enemy from
landing on our shores, we ought rather to invite
him to land—make room for him to disembark,
that those who should be left to recross the At-
lantic might carry back with them such experi-
ence of our hospitality as would deter them and
others from a similar enterprise thereafter.
Sir, there is more chivalry than wisdom in
such a view of the subject. Fortifications are
not so much to prevent an enemy from landing
on our coast as to shut up our harbors, occlude
our ports, and lock up the mouths of our rivers,
and thus to guard against a sudden attack upon
our commercial towns by the fleets of an enemy.
The Senator thinks we should find no great
difficulty in chastising an enemy that should have
the presumption to land on our shores. And, sir,
he seems to suppose that it would argue imbe-
cility and cowardice to attempt to keep him away
from our harbors by those ugly, frowning battle-
ments, and to protect our cities by fortresses.
Perhaps he supposes it the wisest and most gal-
lant course to give an enemy's ships of war free
access to our commercial towns, and, after he has
battered them down, to invite him to land and
measure swords with us! We should unques-
tionably give him some evidence of our valor, but
I do exceedingly doubt whether he would carry
away with him any very high opinion of the
wisdom of our protective policy. And should he
not accommodate us by accepting our invitation—
should he not choose to land and give us battle on
shore, we might lose the opportunity of proving
even our valor.
But the Senator from South Carolina does not
go quite so far. I do not understand him as
opposed to this system of public defenses. On
the contrary, he claimed for his colleague the
distinguished honor of having " fought up" this
system of fortifying the maritime frontier, against
much opposition and discouragement, at the time
he was Secretary of War. And so creditable did
he deem the achievement to his wisdom and
patriotism, that he erected for him a triumphal
arch, and fixed his statue upon it, and seemed
resolved that it should not be cast down by im-
pious hands, without an effort to sustain it-there.
The effort, it must be admitted, was a splendid
and gallant one. And I trust the honorable Sen-
ator, whose name and fame it was intended to
perpetuate, will, by his support of this bill, vindi-
cate his claim to the apotheosis designed for him.
Yes, sir, I may be permitted to hope that the
combined honors of rhetoric and statuary, will
call up the distinguished Senator alluded to, to
the support of the bill, against the assault made
upon it by his eloquent colleague.
Since, then, the system of fortifying the mari-
time frontier is not to be impugned, I ask, what
is the objection to this bill? One objection is,
that it involves too great an expenditure; that it
is entering upon a scheme that will call for appro-
priations to an unlimited amount. At the same
time we are told, find from the same quarter
whence this objection comes, that our Treasury
is full to overflowing—that there is now a surplus
in the Treasury of thirty-two or thirty-three
millions, with a prospect of some forty-one or
forty-two millions by another year; and that it
is absolutely impossible to exhaust that surplus,
or to spunge it up by this scheme of fortifications.
It is asserted that the most liberal, extravagant,
profuse appropriations for this purpose " cannot
possibly touch the surplus revenue"—not even
touch it; that its increase is going on with so much
rapidity that prodigality itself, with its utmost
strides, cannot overtake it. And yet the Senator
says that the amount appropriated by this bill is
"alarming." Appropriations which are neces-
sarily so insignificant in amount that they cannot
even touch the surplus in the Treasury, are, at
the same time, to be regarded as " alarming" and
"appalling," and leading on to national bank-
ruptcy. How these conflicting views of the
subject can be reconciled, I cannot very well
understand.
With a view, however, of diminishing the
amount appropriated by this bill, it is proposed
to strike out the fortification for the defense of
the Kennebec waters, and that is to be followed
by another to strike out the proposed fortification
for the Penobscot. My purpose is to resist these
propositions as unjust to the State I represent
here; unwise in regard to great and important
national interests, and as being an utter departure
from the constitutional obligation resting upon
Congress to provide for the common defense.
The geographical position of Maine renders
the question of fortifying her maritime frontier
one of great interest to the State as well as to the
Union. She occupies an intermediate position
between the rest of the Union and the possessions
of a foreign Power. Her ports and harbors are
within a few hours' sail of the ports and harbors
of a nation that may be, as she has been, our ene-
my. The coast of that State, for many leagues
at sea, is the most frequented cruising ground in
time of war, of any portion of the coast of the
United States. It is literally whitened with our
commerce. It is there that an enemy's cruisers
would reap their rich harvest of prizes, and do
more injury to the commerce of the country than
they could do at any other point of the Atlantic
coast. Leave that coast undefended, and it would
be swept ns with the besom of destruction. All
the commerce, foreign ur coastwise, which is
carried on by two hundred and fifty thousand
tons of navigation, would be swept from the
ocean. Our valuable fisheries would be annihi-
lated, and the whole sea-board would be lighted
by the conflagration of our ships, our towns, and
cities, and everything accessible to an incendiary
foe. If the harbors on the coast of Maine should
not be fortified and occupied by us, they will in
time of war be occupied by the enemy. If they
shall not be made places of refuge and protection,
they will be places of exposure and destruction.
There are a number of important positions on
that coast which would be immediately seized
upon by an enemy, and made places of rendez-
vous for his cruisers, privateers, and ships of
war; whence they could sally out to intercept
our commerce, and " sink, burn, and destroy;"
and where they could refit and levy contributions
of supplies upon the defenseless inhabitants.
Sir, this does not rest upon conjecture. It is
matter of history. With us it has been matter
of experience. In the last war with England she
at once perceived the advantages of occupying a
position on the coast of Maine. She early fitted
out an expedition which seized upon Castine, a
position on the Penobscot waters, where the en-
emy fortified himself. Prom that position he was
enabled to commit havoc and devastation upon
our commerce. The number of merchant vessels
which that position enabled him to capture 1 have
no means of estimating.
It is for the protection of those waters—the
waters of the Penobscot bay and river—that one
of the fortifications is designed. There are a
number of commercial towns on the bay, whose
shipping would, in times of peril, seek refuge in
the river above the contemplated fortification.
Among them is Belfast, the proposed Atlantic
termination of the Belfast and Quebec railroad.
Above the position to be fortified are several
others, and at the head of navigation is the city
of Bangor, which ships annually from three hun-
dred to four hundred millions feet of lumber.
This city has just sprung into existence. Six
years ago its population was only two thousand
eight hundred and sixty-eight. Now it is nine
thousand. Its increase in wealth and enterprise
exceeds even that of its population. It bids fair
to be one of the most considerable cities of The
North.
Kennebec'river, which is proposed to be left
defenseless, is one of the largest in New England
It is navigable for large ships of war to Bath\ and
for smaller vessels to Hallowell and Augusta
Bath is a highly commercial town. More ship-
ping is built in the district of Bath than in any-
other in the State, and a quarter more than is
built in all the southern States put together.
Above Bath, on the river, there are severai
thriving and prosperous towns. At the head of
navigation is the capital of the State, and at that
place is situated the arsenal of the United States.
Yes, Mr. President, the United States have there
property in buildings and the material of war to
a large amount. Would you leave that unde-
fended? Would you leave not only the valuable
commerce of that river and adjacent ports, and
the thriving towns that adorn its banks, but also
your own arsenal, exposed and unprotected? Did
you erect your buildings there but for the accom-
modation of your enemy in time of war? Was it to
supply him with arms and munitions of war, that
you exposed them,-on an unfortified river, in, as
it may be, his own neighborhood, where he could
have ready access to them? Sir, to leave the
mouth of that river unfortified would be a palpable
invitation to an enemy to come and help himself.
He would so regard it, and accept the invitation.
His very first expedition would be to the capital
of the State. Without an hour's notice or warn-
ing, favored by a fair breeze, he would run up
the river, set fire to the shipping at Bath, de-
molish that and the other towns above it, seize
upon the arsenal, turn its guns upon out capítol,
and having supplied himself with whatever he
might stand in need of from the arsenal, return
musing upon the marvelous wisdom of a nation
that, with a bloated Treasury, with overflowing
coffers, could leave such a position unfortified.
Shall I be told that the citizens of Maine would
be expected to stand by and defend the property
of the United States; leave their own villages
and dwellings exposed to pillage and conflagra-
tion, and their wives and daughters to the mercy
of a licentious soldiery, to defend your property,
which you will not take the trouble to place in a
condition of security!
But is there nothing else to be protected by
fortifying that coast ? Are there no other interests
to be regarded ? Sir, there are there more than
half a million of your population, an industrious,
moral,enlightened, enterprising, patriotic people,
who are neither insensible to what they owe to
the national Government, nor ignorant of what
the national Government, under the Constitution,
owes to them. The State possesses a great
amount of commercial and agricultural wealth,
and manufacturing enterprise is spreading rapidly
over the State. I find, by a report made to Con-
gress in 1832, by the Secretary of State, founded
on very partial and incomplete returns and esti-
mates, that the manufactures at that time amounted
to upwards of seven million dollars. They may
be safely estimated at the present time at ten mil-
lions. Add to this the value of lumber cut and
sawed annually, estimated at ten millions, and
the market value of lime manufactured in that
State, estimated at one million, and we make an
aggregate of twenty-one millions, independent of
its agricultural products. The article of wool
alone, grown in that State in 1832, was estimated
from the returns at one million six hundred and
forty thousand dollars. It must now exceed
two millions. There are no means of estimating
the amount of other agricultural products. But
I have already shown enough to entitle that
"peninsular State," as the Senator calls it, to
some little consideration. Not one of the Atlantic
States possesses so great natural resources, nor
one which is making more rapid progress in wealtti
and population.                                  .               ,
The Senator, in his speech preliminary to the
motion under consideiation, took occasion to
speak of the great amount of exports from^tne
southern Statei, and adverted to the small amo n
of exports from Maine. The inference was¡that
more should be appropriated for the defense of
