368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortifying the Maritime Frontier—Mr. Ruggles.
Senate.
but now renewed upon the timber and the lands,
' and that seemed to be pursued with an eager-
' ness and an ingenuity that scorned resistance or
* defied detection. They did not complain, for i
there was no power to redress; nor do the com-
mittee now arraign the conduct of the British
agent; he is powerless on this subject. The
great mass of the population consider the lands
as waste, and each plunders and appropriates as
his inclination or interest leads  him.    There
* have been some devices thought expedient as a ,
* cover for some of the grosser acts under the
* eye of the authorities. ' Location certificates'
' are granted by the Government of New Bruns-
* wick to old soldiers, these are made to cover one
' tract until the timber is stripped, and then it is
* changed to another—a sort of roving commis-
' sion, protecting the aggressor when the power
* to punish needs but a slight apology to quiet it;
* large portions of this region held in trust, thus
' formally, have recently been claimed as belong-
' to Canada, thus taking it out of the jurisdiction
' of the trustee, the Governor of New Brunswick,
* and freeing it from all rule, or law, or agency."
I have read this extract for two purposes. One
is to have the opportunity of reminding the Sen-
ator who has made it a part of his speech, that
whatever errors of diplomacy have been committed
in respect to that matter, were committed by those
for whose acts the present Administration cannot
be held responsible. Whatever wrongs have been
perpetrated under the cover of diplomacy that
cannot be defended in the open field, have grown
out of measures which had not the consent of
Maine, and which were as much against her
wishes and interests as they are against the prin-
ciples and policy of the present executive depart-
ment of the Government. I need not be more
explicit. The Senator was, I think, a member
of the other House during a period now gone by,
where he was a distinguished and able supporter
of the then existing Administration, in most of its
measures, if not of its diplomacy.
There is another honorable Senator on this
floor who has doubtless some faint recollections
of interesting circumstances that have taken place
in respect to this question, with which his official
duties, always ably performed, must have made
him acquainted. What reference the Massachu-
setts committee had to the "diplomacy "at Ghent,
in which that Senator took a distinguished part;
or what reference was intended to what took
place in respect to this matter during his premier-
ship under a late Administration, the committee
itself can best tell.
But, sir, it is no purpose of mine, in making
these remarks, to lay blame at the door of any
one. I am particularly desirous, in this dis-
cussion, of avoiding every topic not legitimately
connected with the subject under consideration.
If the Massachusetts committee or the Senator
had been a little more explicit in the allusion to
what is called an " ignominious surrender of ter-
ritory for some cause, or to answer some pur-
poses,"and fixed the imputation where it belongs,
if it belongs anywhere, I should have spared my-
self these remarks.
I have read the extract for one other purpose
more apposite to the question under considera-
tion. It was to show that Maine was not alone
in considering this question of boundary, as it is
called—more proper.'y a question of title and ter-
ritory—as one which in its present aspect is justly
calculated to produce " serious and anxious re-
flection." He alone whose prophecy is knowl-
edge, and who controls the destinies of nations,
can tell in what that controversy will end. The
country in dispute embraces about one third of
the State. It is equal in extent to the two States
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It is valu-
able for its deep forests of timber, as well as for
its soil and the numerous streams which intersect
it. It is capable of sustaining a million of inhab-
itants. Our title to it is as clear as language can
make it; and the British Government urge their
claim to it with an earnestness and pertinacity
equal to the clearness of our title. Shall it be
submissively yielded to her? Sir, it would be a
disgraceful surrender of a clear and manifest
right.
How, then, is the matter to be settled? Nego-
tiation has been tried thus fax in vain.  There is
little prospect of its being more successful in
future. And how soon the time will come when
the honor and rights of the nation shall imperi-
ously require a resort to measures of a more de-
terminate and decisive character I will not predict.
I have reason to believe that this controversy is
regarded by the Executive with anxiety and con-
cern from a sincere desire to preserve the friendly
relations between the two nations; at the same
time resolved not to compromit the just rights of
Maine and of the Union to the tract of country
in question.
Now, sir, to what extent future negotiations
would be influenced by placing the maritime fron-
tier of that State in a condition of security, is a
question worthy of consideration. Great Britain
considers the possession of this territory of great
importance, as well from its intrinsic value as
from its location. A large portion of it, as the
Senator from Massachusetts remarked,is covered
with a thick growth of white pine. Much of that
valuable timber, and of the timber spruce, nearly
as valuable, for some purposes more so, still re-
mains within the undisputed boundaries of the
State. But that is rapidly disappearing before
the ax of the lumbermen. Many have estimated
that on the Penobscot waters alone between three
and four hundred million feet of lumber are cut
and sawed annually. Proportionate quantities
are cut and sawed on several other of the rivers
in Maine, and the business is increasing rapidly,
and the prices and value still more rapidly, from
the increasing demand of the country. Does not
Great Britain perceive that the time will soon
come when that forest of timber which she is
endeavoring to appropriate to her own use, will
be the only resource left of that valuable species
of lumber for all New England, New York, and
the middle States, to a considerable extent, and
for the South to some extent also? I speak of
this peculiar and valuable kind of lumber, which
is found in no great quantity anywhere else in
the United States, readily accessible from the
ocean. I say, sir, does not Great Britain per-
ceive this, and is not her anxiety to hold that
territory greatly increased by a desire to monop-
olize so valuable an article of commerce? And
I ask, sir, will she recede from the position she
has assumed in relation to it, so long as she sees
the whole maritime frontier of Maine, with all
her shipping, her commerce, her towns and cities,
naked and exposed ? Will she feel any appre-
hension from us, while we ourselves are so de-
fenseless? Will she fear to receive while she can
so readily give blows ? Let me tell you, sir, that
controversy can never be settled in a manner
consistent with our honor and our rights, until
the maritime frontier of Maine shall be put in a
state of security. Its present defenseless and
exposed condition is an encouragement, an invi-
tation to Great Britain to hold out in her pre-
posterous claim.
But I will not detain the Senate in presenting
this matter in the variety of aspects in which it
exhibits itself to my mind. If you would secure
that important part of our domain by peaceable
measures, place the State in such a condition that
Great Britain shall not find in our very defense-
lessness a lure to a war of conquest and acquisi-
tion. Let her, at least, not see us in such a con-
dition that we may be supposed unwilling to
hazard a vindication of our rights. With the
panoply of defense thrown over us, we might
reasonably hope that a negotiation so long pro-
tracted would at last terminate in the successful
establishment of our just territorial and jurisdic-
tional limits. We might hope to avoid a war,
which otherwise may sooner or later be inev-
itable.
Let no man attempt to reconcile himself to the
idea of abandoning that country on the ground
of its trifling value. I will not stop to estimate
its value as a matter of property. It is sufficient
that it is a portion of the United States—a large
part of one of the sovereign States of this Union;
and to surrender our right to it on the extraordi-
nary claim and demand of Great Britain, would
be an ignominious act of national degradation, as
much so as would be the surrender of the District
of Columbia. Twenty years ago, instead of
claiming title in herself, she was seeking to acquire
from us a right of way—a communication through
this territory from New Brunswick to Quebec.
After diplomacy had put her spectacles on—after
the treaty of Ghent, she began to view the matter
in a different light; and now, instead of negoti-
ating for a right of way, she is claiming full right
and title in herself, and even denying us a n?ht
of way to the St. Johns, and upon its waters°to
the ocean!
Some of the consequences resulting from the
condition in which that country is now placed,
are the subjection of American citizens to the
vexatious dominion of a foreign Power the de-
struction and waste of timber, delaying the settle-
ment and agricultural improvement of a fertile
portion of our territory, and imposing restraints
upon the extension of public and private enter-
prise.
Under these circumstances, the obligation and
the remedy are with this Government. What can
Maine do ? Your Constitution, to which no State
is more faithful, tells her she has no right to
make war. She can enter into no negotiation,
make no treaty, levy no impost duties. She has
yielded up most of the means and the power of
vindicating her rights against foreign nations, in
exchange for the national guarantee of protection.
And you have admonished her that she should
be careful not to embroil the two countries in war
by her imprudence. She has been told that nego-
tiations of some sort were going on; that diplo-
macy was at work, and that her rights should be
secured to her; that you had difficulties with other
Powers to settle; and that it was not politic nor
prudent to engage in too many controversies at
the same time. Well, sir, all this we thought
very reasonable; and we have waited till all other
controversies have been settled. We have re-
mained quiet, and, from a sincere desire to avoid
every act which should tend to disturb the friendly
relations between the two countries, we have
afforded many practical examples of the virtue
of forbearance, while ourneighborshaveadvanced
and moved back our landmarks. But, sir, here
we stop!
This matter demands the serious attention of
this Government. If neglected now, it may, at
no distant day, involve a question of the most
serious import. I know that whatever can be
done to secure our rights by negotiation will be
done. All peaceable measures will be first tried.
All the influence of a just, temperate, and wise
policy will be brought in aid of a firm and reso-
lute assertion of the rights and honor of the
nation. But without a preparation for enforcing
and vindicating them,I have too much reason to
apprehend that negotiation will be fruitless. That
argument with nations is often most convincing
which has something besides diplomatic logic to
support it.
I make no unavailing complaints about the
past; I take the question as I find it. And how
is that? Why, sir, a considerable portion of one
of the sovereign States of this Union is subjected
to the dominion of a foreign Power, and all the
other States, save one, seem to look quietly on;
wholly unconcerned so long as their territory re-
mains undisturbed! Is it not so ? Hitherto the
Constitution has afforded us no practical guaran-
tee either for the defense of our sea-board or the
integrity of our territory. If such is to be its
practical exposition in future, I would be quite
willing to exchange it for the old articles of Con-
federation, as loosely and feebly as they held
the States of this Union together.
Sir, Maine is not disposed to claim more than
justly belongs to her, nor to assume any attitude
unbecoming the dignity of political sovereignty.
She has not been—she will not be, unreasonable
in her claims. She asks only those rights which
the national compact secures to her in common
with all the other States. In urging them with
energy and firmness she will not lose sight of
what is due to her own character, nor what is
due to the character of this Government. She
has the highest confidence that nothing wilj be
left undone to secure her rights which the Con-
stitution has placed in the power of the executive
department of the Government to do. She now
asks that Congress will place her on an equal
footing with the other States in respect to frontier
defenses, having regard to her local position and
the high interests she has at stake.
