370
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
24th Cong....1st Sess.        Suppression of Indian Hostilities—Mr. Mann, of New York.
Ho. of Reps.
possess that disposition; the Government does ¡
not presume it; but, in such an event, they could ¡
have a small corps of observation upon the road
that leads to Louisiana, to prevent information
from reaching General Gaines, while the prin-
cipal tbr"e could join the Comanche Indians to-
u,\>\Is the Arkansas, a distance of fifty miles
from JNaeogdoch.es, and our foive would be throw n
perfectly !wrs dii combat. These facts appear to
render it indispensably necessary to the safety
of our frontier to assume a position which will
effectually cov>.r it, until the line be definitively
settled, and the boundary fixed by the commis-
sioners.
The honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr Adams] has assumed positions which I can-
not believe tenable, both in regard to the state-
ment of the conference of the Secretary of State
with the Mexican Minister, and to the letter of
General Gaines, wherein he states, that under
certain circumstances he will cross the Sabine with
his troops, if it be necessary to protect our neu-
trality and defend the homes and firesides of our
frontier inhabitants; and for this General Gaines
is censured by the honorable member.
The facts I have already stated will form for
that gallant officer his complete justification. He
cannot, in any other way, cover the two counties
of Arkansas which are advanced on one of the
branches of the Sabine at least fifty miles further
west than the present marked boundary of Louis-
iana; and is there anything new in the doctrine,
that a neutral has a right to cross a neighboring
line, if in good faith it be necessary to save her
own citizens and territory from desolation ?
The honorable member alleges that it would be
declaring war. Sir, in the first Seminole war that
honorable member thought otherwise. On that
occasion, in one of the most masterly arguments
which has ever emanated from the statesmen of
this Republic, contained in the letter from the
honorable member, then Secretary of State, to
Don Onis, in vindication of General Jackson, he
perfectly established a contrary doctrine, the pre-
cise doctrine for which General Gaines contends.
That State paper has been published to the world;
and it has reflected the highest credit, not only
upon the honorable member, but upon the charac-
ter of our country.
Much has been said upon this floor respecting
the character of the population of Texas, and the
nature of this Texan war. I was sorry to hear
honorable members denounce that character, and
represent this waras produced by land speculators,
and by renegades to their native land. Sir, it
has been mv lot, from my contiguity of position,
to be acquainted with a numerous portion of the
Texan people. I have almost my whole life lived
upon afrontier. My first associations were created
amidst the log-cabins in Maine, on the eastern
frontier, and on the frontier of New York during
the war; and let me tell you that, amidst all the
inhabitants of a new country that I have been
acquainted with, Texas is second to none in the
character of her population. Austin, as a law-
giver, and the builder up of civilization, is inferior
to none that have figured in forming new commu-
nities on this continent.
The people of Texas hold their right of terri-
tory by a more just title than most of the States.
They acquire it by the colonization of Mexico;
by the Mexicans' plighted faith. They have not
conquered it from the savages, the native posses-
sors. In the controversy between Spain and Mex-
ico, many Americans were in the ranks fighting
for Mexican freedom. For a short time the Mex-
ican people were grateful; and,underthis impulse,
they made grants of lands to the early settlers of
Texas for the double purpose of settling their
wilderness, and, by creating a barrier against the
Camanches and the Indians of Red river, topro-
tect the inhabitants of the interior States. They
also adopted the constitution of 1824, and the
colonization law of the same year; and under
these guaranties the Americans emigrated until
one hundred thousand inhabitants had populated
the country. Civilization and intelligence had
spread their influences over a country before wild
and desolate. In every stage, these colonists had
been loyal and faithful to the Mexican Govern-
ment. In their constitution it was provided, that
when Texas should contain a population of forty
I thousand souls, they should be admitted as a
! State into the Mexican Federal Union. Texas
took a census, and found that they had more than
that number. They petitioned for admission as
a State, and were only answered by imprisoning
their agent, Colonel Austin, for nearly two years.
Still they did not fly to arms; but, when that
monster in human shape—Santa Anna—with a
profligate priesthood, and a still more abandoned
soldiery, struck down the free constitution of
Mexico—when they invaded Texas for the pur-
pose of coercing her to the same degraded state—
the war-cry of liberty was thundered forth. In
the same spirit which animated our fathers of
the Revolution, the brave, the free-born Texans
resolved to live free or die. Let their beautiful
country, now waste and desolate—let their Spar-
1 tan matrons, now houseless and destitute—let the
' crimson torrents, poured out at the Alamo—bear
witness how nobly they have kept their vow.
Yes, sir, at the consecrated spot another monu-
I  ment has been raised to the soul-stirring spirit of
freemen. Greece had her Thermopylae. In the
Alamo, as bright a beacon-light of liberty has
been kindled, and Travers and his brave associ-
ates will rank, on-the pages of impartial history,
' with the immortal Leónidas and his Spartan
band.
;        SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
'    REMARKS OF HON. A. MANN,
,                         OF NEW YORK,
;          In the House of Representatives,
March 18, 1836,
On the bill appropriating five hundred thousand dollars to
suppress the Hostilities of the Creek Indians, (in reply
to Mr. Vinton, of Ohio.)
i Mr. MANN said: Mr. Speaker, that which
an attentive observer of human action might
have predicted as a future possible event in the
progresa of the country had, it seemed, occurred
already.
"Who that has witnessed the proceedings of
t this Congress for the last two months, has been
able to shut his eyes against the fact, now ren-
dered so apparent, that on every question of ap-
propriation of the public revenues to the purposes
of the country, gentlemen have kept continually
before their imagination an indefinite prospect,
an uncertain hope, that those revenues may, by
some possibility, be divided among the States
of the Union, under the "false pretense of divid-
ing the net proceeds of the public domain?"
' This idea seems to haunt the dreams of gentle-
; men, " whether sleeping or waking," insomuch
that the cries of innocent women and children,
of helpless age and infantile weakness, for pro-
' tection against the ruthless tomahawk and mur-
derous scalping-knife, are insufficient to awaken
them from the fatal reverie.    And  has it come
to this, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. M.,) that an
,! appropriation   to  repel an invading savage—to
II  protect your citizens from his appalling cruelties,
is to be resisted and declaimed against in an
American House of Representatives, through
any latent apprehension that these " net pro-
ceeds " may thereby be diminished, and the
shares of gentlemen rendered less valuable ? Sir,
it is humiliating—I will not, for fear of offense,
say degrading—to be compelled to believe it—to
be obliged to proclaim it to the nation and to the [
world.
What are the evidences, Mr. Speaker, (said
Mr. M.) on which this belief is founded? Why,
sir, the remarks which have just fallen from the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
are alone almost sufficient; but who amongst us
has forgotten the lucid speech made by the honor-
able gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Garland]
the other day, on a bill to defend the very bor-
ders of his own district from apprehended inva-
sion? Was the effect of that speech in favor of
the passage of that bill? [Mr. Garland inter-
rupted Mr. M. and said he had not opposed that
bill, but had voted for it.] Mr. M. continued:
So had, he believed, every gentleman in the
House, except two or three; and yet many had
made speeches, the tendency of which, as he
(Mr. M.) understood them, was against them.
It was not a new discovery that gentlemen some-
times make speeches one way and vote the other
[Mr.   Garland again interrupted Mr. M., and
f.aid, that if the gentleman [Mr. Maxn] meant to
assert that he had opposed that bill, it was un-
true.]
The Speaker called Mr. Garland to order,
and Mr. M. proceeded.
He said he had not intended by any means
to make the assertion which the gentleman sup-
posed; he had only stated his own inference as to
the effect of the gentleman's remarks. Mr. M.
said, he regretted extremely that he had disturbed
the nervous sensibilities of his honorable friend
from Louisiana; he had not intended to do so in
the least degree: and it might possibly be, that
he (Mr. M.) had drawn a wrong inference as to
the tendency of the remarks of his honorable
friend, and he (Mr. M.) was willing to believe
he was mistaken in those inferences; but if so
Mr. M. said the House would permit him to add,
that he believed many gentlemen were laboring
under the same unfortunate mistake. He was
glad, however, to be set right.
But, Mr. Speaker, (continued Mr. M.,) I ask
you to bring to your recollection the course of
the whole debate on this floor for the last two
months, touching the Indians now overrunning
Florida, comparatively unresisted either by " tht
center," " the right wing," or " the left wing," of
our brave army under the direction of several
" gallant brevets," who make a general return to
us of non est inventus, and touching the appre-
hended invasion from Mexico by that inhuman
monster, Santa Anna, and the consequent rising
of all the savages upon our southwestern frontier,
and then tell me whether I am wrong in the belief
I have expressed, that the honorable members have
kept in view an indefinite prospect, and an uncer-
tain hope of carrying home with them to their con-
stituents, the golden rewards of the Republic—
the price of its welfare, and the sheet-anchor of
its hope.
Thus, sir, if this be true, we have before our
very eyes, the first and premature fruits of tho
plan of distributing the revenues of this Govern-
ment manifested in the disposition here with our
very selves. Yes, sir, ourselves to refuse to ap-
propriate those revenues, derived from the hard
toil of the people, to their "common defense,"
pursuant to the requirements and authority of
the Constitution. True, sir, gentlemen have not
the moral courage as yet, quite to come up to
the mark, and avow the purpose of " dividing the
spoils" of the Republic, as the rewards of fealty;
and it is not any part of my present purpose to
examine or censure their motives. It is sufficient
for me to know, that we, although occupying for
the time being the high places of political power,
are yet subject to the infirmities and laws of hu-
man nature; and without meaning disparagement,
let me add, are constantly liable to err, under the
influence of that morbid selfishness which prefers
our own individual, sectional, and local interest 
to the "general welfare."
Sir, it is perhaps but fulfilling the laws of our
imperfect nature to do so; and, ungrateful as the
truth may be to honorable gentlemen, I tell them
that my firm conviction is, that, if they pass that
bill, and share the golden prize with the States,
and their constituents, they never will pass
another appropriation bill through this House,
to carry into effect the purposes of the Confed-
eracy and the Constitution. No, sir, (said Mr.
M.,) if it is in our power to form any opinion
respecting future events by the past, or by the
incidents of the passing moment, we ought not
to hope to preserve the Federal relations of the
States against such influences and consequences
so utterly destructive to the hopes of patriotism
and the freedom of mankind. It is, Mr. Speaker,
(Mr. M. replied,) but too apparent already here
that, instead of devoting ourselves to the inquiry
into the best means of promoting the general wel-
fare by the application of the national revenues
within the objects of the Confederacy and the
Constitution, we find ourselves engaged in a.
quasi general resistance to such application of
those revenues, and in a common undistinguished
scramble for the public spoils, to be divided
amono- our respective States and our respective
constituents. Let it be once done, sir, and you
will never make further appropriations of the
