1836.}
Át-tÉÑÍ)!* Ttí THE ^ÜPíÓtófcéSIONA^^LÓBE:
S71
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Transfers of Public Money—Mr. Hubbard, Mr. Ewinn
Saabm:.
public revenues without the immediate consent
of those States first had and obtained; and I
,ieed only remind gentlemen of the condition of
fhinr' under the old Confederacy, to present to
their view at once the condition to which they
will reduce the country again, if they do not dis'-
card the idea of using the revenues of this Gov-
ernment for such purposes.
Whoever (said Mr. M.) has read the history
of the rise and fall of human institutions, must
have done so to little purpose if he has failed to
perceive that such causes as Mr. M. had men-
tioned had always produced such effects. What
reason, sir, then, is there to hope that we may |
escape similar results> Does it rest in our phar- '
rsaical belief that we are holier than they ? Let |
gentlemen be not deceived by such fatal delusions.
Sir, I ask them to refer it to that unerring tribunal
of truth in their own bosoms, whether in their
zeal fordebating these questions of appropriations
to suppress savage hostilities, they have not some
latent, if not express, reference to the possible
amount of public revenue which may remain for
possible distribution? I know, sir, that my re-
quest is BOt congenial to their feelings, and I
make it with deep reluctance^ yet I cannot avoid
the oceasionof it; and I appeal to my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who has rendered it neces-
sary for me to make these remarks—Í appeal to
his warm and active patriotism in behalf of the
defenseless women and children of our southern
brethren, now suffering under the merciless tom-
ahawk of savage war, to permit this bill to pass
without delay, and I hope, for the honor of our
nature, unanimously. ' Why does my honorable
friend makeafauit-finding,speech,virtually against
k, while he does not deny its necessity, of which
he is informed officially by your Commanding of-
ficer at Port Mitchell? This information does
BOt come, sir, like that a few days since, which j'
occasioned gentlemen to celebrate on this floor (it |
is now feared prematurely) the overthrow of that i
outlaw, Santa Anna. No, sir, we have it from |
the officer whose duty it is to give it, as well as
through private and credible channels. Sir, shall
we stop ? Shall we hesitate and debate about the
causes of these Indian wars? The gentleman frota
Ohio is anxious to inquire why it is that these i
depredations are committed, and whether the In-
dians may not be in the right, while murdering
defenseless innocence ? Why, sir, (said Mr. M.,)
you might as well undertake to inquire into the
causes of every Indian war which has occurred
since the landing of our Pilgrim fathers, as to in-
quire into the causes of this Indian war. These
causes, sir, generally are engulfed in that most
tremendous of all gulfs, the dark recesses of the
human heart, seen only by the eye of Omniscience,
and known only to God himself. We might per-
haps trace out causes enough to satisfy impartial
minds in the general wrongs we have inflicted |
upon the whole race ot the red man. But while
my friend from Ohio (said Mr. M.) would be in-
Suiringinto the causes of these Indian hostilities,
iey will have satiated their thirst in the undis-
tinguished destruction of your citizens upon your
southern borders. Sir, (said Mr. M.,) suppress
their appalling outrages, and then-inquire to the
full satisfaction of the gentleman from Ohio.
But the gentleman objects to the manner in
which this bill comes before us. The Committee
of Ways and Means, on receiving from the Sec-
retary of War a communication stating the neces-
sity, and asking the appropriation, brought in
the bul without delay. This the gentleman
flunk  irregular, improper, and manifesting a
want of respect'on tlie «art of executive officers
to mis House; and he would subject everything
to the strict and tedious course of parliamentary
form, requiring a message on the subject from
the President, without which our dignities are
«opposed to be questioned, and perhaps infringed.
Why, sir, («aid Mr. M.,) if the practice, now
for the first time, he believed, complained of; be
irregular or improper, then he believed such ir-
ttgulanties had existed coeval with the Consti-
tution, because such practice had prevailed on all
occasions of emergency since the formation of
the Confederacy. The official communications
of the Executive officers to the chairmen of com-
mittees, event to individual members of this
House, had (Mr. M. believed) often been made
the basis of its action, and that, too, without detri-
ment or injury, unless it should be to our digni-
ties ! For his part, (Mr. M. said,) he entertained
no morbid jealousies in that respect, as he usually
acted with those who regarded the substances
rather than the shadow of things. Moreover
sir, the course prescribed by the gentleman from
Ohio would be likely, in all cases of Indian wars,
to permit the enemy to sound his thrilling war-
whoop in the doors of your Capitol, before you
could prepare to resist," if such preparation de-
pended upon the passage of an appropriation bill
here in the usual progress Of such things.
TRANSFERS OF PUBLIC MONEY.
DEBATE in The senate.
May 19, 1836.
The following resolution, submitted on Tues-
day, by Mr. Ewing, of Ohio, came up for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what amount of transfers of the pub-
lic money has been made by his direction since the 30th of
June hut, from the Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, and
also from the Clintou Bank of Columbus, to banks cast of
the Alleghany mountains, giving the date and amount of
all such transfers, and the banks from and to which they
were made. And, also, that he inform the Senate what
transfers are ordered from each of the above-named banks,
and when, and to what banks, they are to be made. That
he also inform the Senate what amount of transfers was
made to each one of the said banks in Ohio, since the 30th
of June last, and what amount, if any, is now ordered to
each.
Mr. HUBBARD mo^ed to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting, "and the Franklin Bank of
Ohio," which was abo a deposit bank in that
State, and which was omitted in the resolution
in its original form.
Mr. EWING, of Ohio, explained at length
the object in moving the resolution. He said, as
far as he could discover, in the original call, he
had got everything he had asked for; but the
Secretary took special care not to go an inch
beyond the inquiry, and had enlarged on other
| points not embraced in the call. In the next
1 call he had made, the Secretary had sent him
sixteen pages of what might have been con-
tained in one. In this eall, he expected to get
the information he wanted, and would hereafter
know how to draw up a. resolution of inquiry
in relation to information to be obtained from
' that Department. He insisted that he was not
mistaken in regard*to the transfers from Ohio,
as the Senator from New York had supposed
he was.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that he could not
perceive the propriety of the course which had
been pursued by the Senator from Ohio. He
could not tell why that Senator had thought it
necessary, upon the offer of the present resolution
before the Senate, to go into a full consideration
of the reports which had been communicated by
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution which had been previously presented to
the Senate by the Senator himself. It seemed to
him altogether more appropriate that the charac-
ter of those reports should have been discussed
when they were first transmitted to the Senate.
But the Senator had seen fit to take a different
course—-one more consonant, undoubtedly, to his
own feelings, and more in accordance with his
sense of propriety. Although, from the begin-
ning, he «ould not well understand the object of
the Senator from Ohio in moving these resolu-
tions, he could not see how, in what way, the
answers could, by any possibility, aid the Senate
in its legislative action. He could net well per-
ceive in what manner those resolutions were to
accomplish any valuable object. But he did not
oppose the adoption of the first, nor did he intend
to throw anything in the way of the adoption of
the present resolution. He did, on a former oc-
casion, suppose, and he could not now but believe,
that the Senator from Ohio felt himself called
upon, in the faithful discharge of his duty here,
to elicit the information sought for by his resolu-
tions: he would not, however, on this particular
casion, follow the example of the Senator. He
could not feel himself at liberty, upon the ques-
tion now before the Senate, to discuss the merits
or the demerits of the report  of the Secretary of
the Treasury, made some days ago, in answer to
a resolution previously offered and previously
adopted. He would not obtrude his* own opin-
ion of these reports upon the Senate. He should
pass no judgment upon these communications of
the Secretary of the Treasury. He would, for
himself merely say, that he entirely differed in
opinion from the Senator from Ohio. He consid-
ered the document in question a full and satisfac-
tory answer to the inquiries contained in the first
resolution. He could not but regard those com-
munications as among the able arguments of that
officer, clearly and conclusively showing the rea-
sons which h,ave induced the action of the Depart-
ment in relation to its management of the public
moneys. He was willing, therefore, to leave the
whole matter to the people themselves. They
were entirely competent to form a correct judg-
ment—they would do so. They would take the res-
olution of the Senator from Ohio, they would take
the answer of the Secretary of the Treasury to
that resolution, and they will determine for them-
selves; and in that determination he thought the
Secretary might safely rely. He greatly miscon-
ceived if the Senator found himself sustained by
popular sentiment in the judgment which he, in
the course of his remarks, had seen fit to declare
with reference to these reports.    Let that matter
Eass.    He had risen not to discuss these reports,
ut to reply to some general suggestions of the
Senator from Ohio. .
That gentleman had said, that by his first res-
olution, he sought for the same information which
is called for by the present resolution; that he
expected to obtain the information now required
from the Secretary of the Treasury under his
first resolution; and of consequence, the Senator
from Ohio, he presumed, is prepared to charge
upon the Secretary of the Treasury an omission
of duty in this particular. Now, there is nothing
clearer, more-evident, than that the first resolution
offered by that Senator was materially, essentially
different in its terms, from the resolution which is
now before the Senate; and the Secretary of the
Treasury could not, under that resolution, with-
out having committed the greatest violence upon
language, have given to it a different considera-
tion—a different construction from what he did
give.
It would have been passing strange if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had, under tie first reso-
lution, communicated the facts, the information
required by the resolution' now before the Sen-
ate. If the Secretary had done this, he would
agree with the gentleman from Ohio, that his
report would have been an argument without
authority—an answer to an inquiry never made.
In such a case, the Secretary would have been
clearly obnoxious to the charge of making an
officious, uncalled-for communication. But he
hazarded nothing in saying that the Secretary
of the Treasury, in communicating to the Senate
his answer to the first resolution, had done all
that he was authorteed to do, and had done
nothing more than he was authorized to do. What
was required by the first resolution—what
were its provisions? And what is required, and
what are the 'provisions of the present resolu-
tion? He would subjoin a literal copy of each
resolution; and a bare reading of them would
show that no two papers were more essentially
variant in their terms and requirements. There
can be no mistake, no misapprehension about
this matter.
«Raolv*i, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what-amount of moneys of the United
States, received for public lands in the States of Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, and Missouri, and in the Michigan Territo-
ry, has been, in pursuance of his instructions, transferred
tó banks fn the eastern cities since the 30th of June, 1835 ;
and that he designate the banks from and to which such
transfers have been made ; that he ah  injbrm the Senate
whether any such transfers are now ordered, and whether
any of the deposit banks in the above-named States or
Territory, have authority to direct what money shall be re-
ceived for public lands in the districts for which they are
depositories."
This was- the first resolution; the following is
an exact copy of the present resolution:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be direct-
ed to inform the Senate what amount of transfers of the
public money has been, by hi3 direction, since the 30th of
June last, transferred from the Commercial Bank, and also
from the Franklin Bank of Cincinnati, and also from the
Cuntan Bank of Columbus, to the hanks east of the AUe-
