372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Transfers of Public Money—Mr. Webster, Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
elianv mountains, giving the date and amount of all such !1
transfers, and the banks from and to which they were ¡
made. -ind. also, that lie inform the Senate what transfers
are ordered trom each of the above named banks, and
when and tow hat banks they are to be made. That he al?o
in o. in the Sonase what amount of transfers was made to
each one of the said hank- in O lio «nice the 3Jth of June
last; and what amount, if any. i- now ordered to each.''
The first resolution asked what amount of
moneas received for public lands, in the States cf
O'ií'o," Indiana, Illinois, and .Missouri, and the
.Michigan Territory, has been transferred to the
banks in the eastern cities, since the 30th of June,
1832, and the answer was promptly and truly
given. The report stated what " amount of
money" had been transferred from Ohio, &c.
This was the inquiry, and this inquiry was an-
swered. But the present resolution asks what
amount has been transferred from particular banks,
each in Ohio, including all the deposit banks in
Ohio, and in Ohio alone. Would it have been
possible for the Secretary of the Treasury to have
inferred that this was the purpose of the Senator
from Ohio under his first resolution? When he
asked what amount of money had been transferred
from the "States cf Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mis-
souri, and from the Michigan Territory, "that all
the Senator intended }cas, to be informed of the
amounts which had been transferred from "par-
ticular banks in Ohio," this could not have been
presumed. The Senator was probably dissatis-
fied by the answer given to his first resolution;
but it was given, truly and promptly given; and he
would assure the Senator, that he would as truly
and as promptly receive an answer to the present
as he did to his first resolution. Again: The
first resolution did not ask the amount or date of
each transfer, but only the whole amount since
30th June, 1835, and the names of the bank's to
and from which made. The answer was given.
But how is this resolution? It asks for the date
and amount of each transfer, and the banks from and
to which it teas made. The known industry of the
head of the Treasury Department will, without
delay, furnish an answer to this inquiry. No in-
formation, he was sure, would be withheld by that
officer from the Senate, or from the gentleman
from Ohio. which they or he may think proper
to ask for; but certainly the Secretary had a ris-ht
to expect that the wished-for information should
be asked in language which reason and intelli-
gence might comprehend.
Again: The first resolution asked whether any |
more transfers were ordered, and only that, and
in reply it was stated there were, and the reply
covered the whole inquiry. But this resolution
asks the amount of each transfer ordered, and
when to take effect, and the banks to and from
which they are made. He would assure the Sen-
ator that an answer to his last inquiry would be
at once given.                                                     ;
Again: The first resolution asked nothing about
the transfers to Ohio or its banks, and hence they
were stated only in the gross, in the illustration
of the transfers therein. But the present resolu-
tion asks for the amount of transfers to each of
the said banks in Ohio during said time. In truth, I
it would be difficult to conceive of two resolu-
tions having more clearly distinct and different ob-
jects in view, and more plainly and intelligibly ex-
pressing those objects. If, then, the Senator from
Ohio was disappointed in the answer to his first
resolution—if he was disturbed by the answer,
he must find the cause of that disappointment at
his own door. He has no right to impute it to
any misunderstanding, to any misconception, to
any omission of duty on the part of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
From the course of the Senator's remarks, one
would infer that great wrong had been practiced
upon Ohio—that great injustice had been done to
her interests by the course pursued by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in relation to the transfers
of the public money from Ohio to other parts of'
the Union.    But this will not turn out to be the. ¡
case. It will be seen that, at the last bank returns !
from that State, there were millions more of the ¡
public money then in deposit within that State
than there was on the 30th June, 1835.    Does
this look like oppression — likt partiality? It will
be found that much more was in deposit at the
last returns, than can be wanted for public ex-
penditure within that State during the whole course
of the current year; that there was much more at
the last returns in tha* State than there was in all
the New England States, with the exception of
Massachusetts. Does all this savor of oppression?
Does this look like a settled determination on the
part of the Secretary to pursue a severe course
with reference to Ohio—a course calculated to
bring embarrassment upon her interests, and ruin
upon her citizens? Let it be remembered that no
blame can be imputed to the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the kind of money re-
ceivable for the sale of the public lands. He has
no power over that matter; and, if he had, he
would be the last man in the community to ex-
ercise it improperly. The legislation of Congress
has settled that question; they have declared what
money shall be receivable for the sales of the
public lands. That cannot, therefore, be a regu-
lation of the Treasury Department. The deposit
banks will receive whatever money the laws of
Congress require; if they go beyond this, it is
matter of regulation between themselves and the
banking institutions of the country, with which
the Treasury Department has nothing to do, and
should have nothing to do.
The revenue of the country is collected princi-
pally from imports and from the sale of the public
lands. The revenue is collected for the use and
the purposes of the Government. It would be
preposterous to suppose that it must remain for
public expenditure at the various points where it
may be received. This cannot be done. And
whereverthe public necessity or the public conve-
nience require public expenditure, there must the
public money be concentrated. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury would be a most unfaithful
public officer if he should omit to be seasonably
and sufficiently prepared at all points to meet the
public wants. This he has, thus far, done, and
this he has, thus far, well done; and this seemed
to him to be the head and front of his offense.
From what has been already said, it is not at
all difficult to show why transfers have been, from
time to time, made of the public money from one
point to another point of the Confederacy. Much
more of the public money is collected at certain
points than is necessarily wanted at those points
for public use. This is the case with respect to
Ohio. From the sales of the public lands, more
money within the lastfewyears has been received
in that State than was necessarily required there
for public expenditure. What was to be done ?
Most clearly it became the bounden duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to cause portions of
the public treasure to be transferred to those
points where it would be wanted. But two con-
siderations alone, he presumed, had ever con-
trolled the Secretary in such proceedings. Where
ever the public convenience would be subserved;
wherever the better security of the public money
would be promoted, there the Secretary has caused
the transfers to be made. But on no one ocasión
has thatofficer, in the performance of this high and
responsible duty, been governed by any personal
or political considerations. This he believed to
be the true state of the case; and, unt.l an instance
can be shown where the Secretary has been under
the influence of selfish views, he will presume
that he has been solely governed by pure and
proper considerations.
The Senator from Ohio has been pleased to say,
in the course of his remarks, " that there never
has been a subject more shamefully mismanaged
than the public moneys have since they have
been under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury." This may be so; but he should re-
quire some better evidence of the fact than the
declaration of that Senator. For one, he did not
hesitate to declare as his deliberate opinion, in
the most unqualified terms, that the public mon-
1 eys had been managed, by the present head of the
| Department, with safety and with economy.
I He must differ in opinion, therefore, with the
' Senator from Ohio in this particular. For him-
self, he most conscientiously believed, instead of
there having been any mismanagement of the
public moneys under the charge and supervision
of the present head of the Treasury Department,
they had been on all oci "ons, and at all times,
managed with a strict regard to the existing laws
of Congress, as far as those laws could have any
possible bearing upon the subject; and when left
I  to the discretion of the Secretary, the public
money had been managed with a steady adher-
ence to public convenience, and to the security of
the public treasure. This had been the policy
and the manifest course of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and,although such broad and general
denunciations of that officer have of Lite become
frequent on this floor, yet he thought it would be
extremely difficult for the Senator from Ohio, or
for any other gentleman, here or elsewhere, to 'put
his finger upon one single official act of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in relation to his manage-
ment of the public money, showing any derelic-
tion of public duty, evincing either malfeasance
or misfeasance in office. Where is the evidence
of mismanagement? It exists only in imagina-
tion; it has no foundation in fact. Have not all
the public moneys been safely preserved? Have
they not been transmitted from one point of the
Union to another, as the public convenience de-
manded, and without any charge to the public?
Has not the rate of exchange between the most
commercial cities of the Union been as low as its
ever was in the best days of the Bank of the
United States? All this is true; and, notwith-
standing the speculations which we have so fre-
quently heard upon this floor, there is no good
reason to doubt of the entire and perfect safety
of the public money now in deposit He should
want no easier task than to demonstrate this fact,
upon the showing of the banks themselves, upon
the ordinary principles of business transactions.
Yet the Secretary of the Treasury is anxious, and
most anxious, to get rid of this charge. He is
particularly solicitous—a solicitude which he has
expressed time and again to his friends in this
and in the other House, to have this whole sub-
ject regulated by an act of Congress; and that his
duty, should any duty devolve upon him under
the act, maybe exclusively of a ministerial char-
acter. He could not well see how the Secretary
could desire anything different. He has no sin-
ister views to accomplish. He has no specula-
tion or purposes to aid, through the power and
influence of the public treasure. He must, there-
fore, on this point, be permitted to differ with the
gentleman from Ohio. There was not a particle
of doubt that the Secretary was honestly and
most sincerely desirous to be relieved from this
responsibility. But so long as the responsibility
shall rest upon him—so long as the duty of taking
the care and charge of the public money shall
, devolve upon him, he will not shrink from that
responsibility, or fail to perform that duty.
Mr. WEBSTER hoped the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ewing] was mistaken, and that the
matter regulating the deposit banks would not be
postponed, and that all necessary information
would be obtained without delay. The delay irt
adopting appropriate measures was much to be
regretted. He adverted to the public injury arising
from the unsettled state of the question, and said
commercial affairs would not return to their ac-
customed course until Congress acted upon the
subject or adjourned, and thereby show that it
would not act at all. If no distribution under the
land bill should take place, some regulations to
i, enable these banks to meet the wants of the people
'■' should be made. Next to measures intended to
defend the frontier against invasion, there was
\ nothing more important or more urgent than this
¡ subject.
Mr. HUBBARD (in reply to Mr. Webster)
remarked that he presumed that he was not under-
stood when up before, to have said he should make
;! any opposition to any legislative measure having
II  for its object the proper regulation of the public
| money now in the deposit banks.    He was as de-
cidedly in favor of such a measure as any Senator
1 on this floor; and with the Senator from Massachu-
;' setts, he hoped that the subject would " not be post-
! poned or neglected," but thatitwouidbe, " with-
;| out unnecessary delay, considered and acted on
1 by Gongress.    He believed that the best interests
". of the banks which had the public money in de-
! posit called for such a measure.    He could not
doubt that the  interests of the commercial com-
munity  most  pressinely,  most imperiously,   de-
manded the prompt action of Congress upon this
subject.    He believed that a proper regulat ion of
this whole matter would add to the security of
the public treasure, by inspiring public confidence
