374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2-2,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortifications—Mr. Benton.
Sex
ATE.
given us more information as to the extent of this
war and the causes that have produced it ? and
one honorable gentleman had uttered a most dole- |
ful prophecy. "" He had told us that some five or j
six years hence, when the historian shall  look
for the cause of this war, he will in vain' search
for light among the records and proceedings of
this House.    It surely was not so.    No gentle-
man could doubt that all tho intelligence in pos-
session of the Executive as to the causes, the
origin, and progress of this Florida war, had been
freely and fully communicated to this  House.
"Who could now tell the cause of it? Who would
pretend to know the wild vagaries that influenced j
the savage mind, the imaginary grievances that j
first induced him to whet and raise his weapons |
of death?   And as to the extent to which, and
the time in which, this war was yet to rage,was
the Executive omniscient, that he could tell us,
and thus enable us to measure our appropriations
exactly by the number and extent of the conflicts
in the future ?
He did not believe that the wily Osceola was
so kind and courteous as to keep our Executive
informed, from time to time, when and where he
intended to strike his blows.
As to this particular bill now before us, it
should be borne in mind that it made no additional
appropriation. It only provided out of our former
appropriation for the payment of debts which we
fairly owe. The first section of the bill provided
for the repayment of those funds which States
and corporations had so promptly and honorably
advanced in time of emergency, on account of
the militia received into the service of the United
States for the defense of Florida; and the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable gentleman from
Florida [Mr. White] provided for the payment
of those volunteers who had been called out by
Generals Clinch and Fernandez, without a previ-
ous order from the Secretary of War. He wished
that this amendment could also have been looked
into and reported to us by the Committee on
Military Affairs; but as all gentlemen seemed to
agree that these troops ought to be paid, he would
cheerfully give his vote, not only for the first
section of the bill, but also for the amendment.
FORTIFICATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, May 22, 1836.
Mr. BENTON said, the immediate question
before the Senate related to the prospective ap-
propriations—the appropriations for two or more
years at once—for carrying on the fortifications.
He had moved amendments to this effect in pur-
suance of instructions from the Military Commit-
tee, and the committee had acted under the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of War, (Mr. Cass.)
Personally, he (Mr. B.) would wish to make all
the provisions of the bill acceptable to those who
were favorable to its general object, and should be
sorry that any such should be alienated from the
bill by the proposed amendment. He would go
far to keep it in a form that should be acceptable
to them; but there was one class of objectors to
this form of appropriation, to whose conscientious
and constitutional scruples he could not defer, and
whom he held to be estopped—if he might use a
law term—whom he held to be estopped by their
own act, and forever barred from setting up this
objection; he alluded to the distribution of the
revenue—to the gentlemen who, at a former ses-
sion, and at the present one, had voted for five
years'appropriations at once of what was called
theproceeds of the public lands. To the scruples of
these gentlemen he could not defer, and with their
objections he could have no compromise; for he
could not comprehend the train of reasoning by
which gentlemen could bring themselves to balk
at small and limited appropriations for two years,
for objects named in the Constitution,after having
voted indefinite millions for five years, for a pur-
pose not named, not thought of, not dreamed of
in the Constitution, nor heard of until forty years
after that instrument was formed.
There was nothing in the Constitution against
this prospective appropriation for building the
forts; on the contrary, there was a clear implica-
tion in its favor. There was a limitation against
extended appropriations for the support of armies;
but that was founded upon a reason peculiar to
armies; a reason which could have no application
to the construction of forts, and if it did, would
not militate against the proposed appropriations,
but would sanction them, for two years was the
limit upon the Army appropriations, and two years
is the extent of the proposed appropriations for the
fortifications. So far as the Constitution was con-
cerned, the argument, then, is in favor of the
measure; and so far as reason and propriety are
concerned, and the practice of the Government
has gone, the argument is entirely in its favor.
When the appropriation is made for two years
together, the work continues without interruption
during the winter, and the winter is the time to
advance with this kind of work, and that both in
the North and in the South. In the South, it is
the season of doing the work; in the North, it is
the season for collecting materials and making
contracts. The practice of Congress sanctions
this mode of appropriations. The annual appro-
priation of $200,000 for arming the militia is one
instance, and kas stood for thirty or forty years.
The appropriation of a million a year for eight
years, in 1816, for the gradual increase of the
Navy, is another instance; and these appropria-
tions, though made for a term of years, are always
under the control of Congress, and may be reduced
or discontinued when it pleases. Of this the naval
appropriation was a signal instance; for the mil-
lion per annum voted in 1816, when the Treasury
was full, was reduced to half a million in 1821,
when it was empty.
Independent of these general and permanent
reasons in favor of double appropriations for forts,
Mr. B. said there were special and peculiar rea-
sons for them at this time. We were now going
on two years without money for this object. The
present year might be considered as lost. The
length of time which this bill had been delayed,
and the time that it might yet be delayed, extin-
guished the hope of doing much work this year.
It was rather for next year than the present that
he was attempting to provide, or, to speak more
accurately, it was for the winter of 1836-'37, and
for the spring of 1837, that he was attempting to
get an appropriation. It was to prevent the stop-
page of the works at the end of this year, and a
new delay of three or four months next spring,
that he was now struggling; for every person
knew that tho appropriations for the year 1837 will
not be made until the 3d day of March; after
which time it would be necessary to advertise
for work and materials, to collect hands, and to
allow the reasonable period for competition among
bidders, which economy required.
Mr. B. could not take leave of this part of the
subject without recurring to the opinions of the
Secretary of War, notwithstanding the singular
fate which seemed to attend that gentleman's
reports and recommendations. All praised them.
Both sides of the Chamber united m applauding
them. There seemed to be an emulation of ap-
plause in favor of all that he said; but the moment
we come to action, the scone shifts; the moment
we want to vote, there is a division—one side is
off. The Opposition gentlemen are against the
vote; they array their deeds against their words,
and, having given their applause, they withhold
their help. This had been witnessed on many
occasions besides the present one; still he would
make the experiment again, and try the Secreta-
ry's recommendation on the particular point now
under consideration. Mr. B. then read from the
Secretary's report of April 8:
" I think that, when the plan of a work has been approved
by (¡ongross, and its construction authorized, the whole
appropriation should be made at once, tobe drawn from the
Treasury in annual installments, to be fixed by the law.
This mode of appropriation would remedy much of the
inconvenience which has been felt for years in this branch
of the public service. The uncertainty respecting the ap-
propriations annually deranges the business, and the delay
which biennially takes place in the passage of the neces-
sary law reduces the alternate season of operations to a
comparatively short period. An exact inquiry into the
effect which the present system of making the appropria-
tions has liad upon the expense of the works, would prob-
ably exhibit an amount far greater than is generally antici-
pated."
Mr. B. then turned to another part of his sub-
ject, and claimed the benefit of an ancient maxim
which inculcates the wholesome advice, to wonder
at notking! He was greatly addicted to that
maxim, and acted upon it both from habit and
from reason. It was good for him that he did so;
otherwise he should be seized with a paroxysm of
wonder at the present moment. For what more
wonderful than the contradictory exhibitions upon
fortifications which this Chamber and tins session
display? Two months ago it was a question of
sharp debate to know who had occasioned the loss
of the fortification bill at the last session; and both
sides of the Chamber, repulsing the blame from
themselves, and throwing it on their adversaries,
contended for the palm of preeminence to devo-
tion to fortifications. Then came certain reso-
lutions of his own importing, that the surplus
revenue ought to be set apart as a conservativo
fund, sacred to the defense of the country, until
all defenses, military and naval, were on the scale
of strength and respectability which the honor
and independence of a great people required. On
the discussion of these resolutions, he found him-
self left behind by Opposition gentlemen. They
darted ahead of him ! They went beyond the
surplus ! They plunged into the integral revenue !
Nothing would content their incontinent zeal, but
a resolve to pledge all the revenue, and taxes
besides, if necessary, to this great object; and so
the vote passed, and that unanimously. This was
in March, about two months ago; and now when
we come forward with a list of a few forts—
twelve small ones at points of acknowledged im-
portance—and want a small part of that mass of
money in the Treasury, the magnitude of which
is so afiiicting to gentlemen, behold there is a de-
cided opposition to the scheme! A systematic
opposition is displayed; some objecting to forts
altogether; others to those in this bill; others to
those not in it; others again agreeing to forts in the
abstract, but refusing to take them in any form in
which they can be presented. This was the sin-
gular exhibition which would excite his wonder,
if ho permitted himself to wonder at anything.
But he did not so permit himself, and less on this
occasion than any other; for he saw and knew per-
fectly well the cause and source of this whole con-
tradiction. It was the division of the money in the
Treasury which was at the bottom of all!—that
division—that fatal scheme of dividing money—
which was now delaying, obstructing, and defeat-
ing so many measures for the good of the country;
and this one among others! It is a conflict between
distribution and defense: it was a contest between
antagonist schemes—between the schemes of
taking the public money for the defense of the
country, an taking it for spoil and distribution
among political partisans.
Mr. B. wished to fix the attention of the Senate
and of the country upon the true nature of this
contest, for it was portentous and alarming when
a contest of such a nature could be got up, and
much more when it could be successfully main-
tained in the Senate. What was the true nature
of this contest for the application of the public
money ? and what was the relative merit of the
two schemes ? Defense is an object known to
the Constitution; and not only known to, but is
the first and highest object of the Confederacy
To establish the common defense—to enable all to
give that defense to each which no one could give
to itself—was the firstand paramount object of the
Confederacy. The means of accomplishing that
object are set forth byname in the Constitution;
navies, armies, forts, arsenals, docks,and all the
accessories of military and naval power. Con-
gress is the instrument designated by the Con-
stitution to provide these means for the purpose
of accomplishing this great object; and for this
purpose has power to raise money by loans or
taxes. This is the aspect under which the de-
fense scheme presents itself to the Senate. Under
what aspect docs the distribution scheme come
forth? Without name or warrant in the Consti-
tution ! Nowhere can the name of the land bill
be found in that instrument; nowhere can a word
be found which, by any construction—by any
interpretation—by any torture of the sense—can
be made to countenance the idea of distribution,
or any rule by which to make it. Authority is
given in the Constitution to raise money for the
common defense, and fortifications are one of
the means of defense specified in  the Consti-
