1836-1
A^HiNmX TOttíE É&NGttfcSÍSÍÓNÁl, GLO#E.
375
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortifications-—Mr. Benton.
SÍENÁTE.
tution; yet this unconstitutional scheme of dis-
tribution now contends with the first object of
the Constitution; it contends with the means of
establishing the common defense; and, so far
as the Senate is concerned, it contends success-
fully and victoriously. Defense is delayed, di-
minished, beat off, trampled down in the Senate;
while distribution, triumphant and erulting, has
long since floated through. Yes, sir, distribu-
tion—distribution—distribution, is the absorbing
and predominant feeling in the Senate. All other
feelings seem to be shut out. Florida overrun
with the Indians; Georgia and Alabama reeking
with blood and resounding with cries; the whole
West and northwest destitute of troops, and
open to Indian incursions; the ranks of the army
empty; fortifications stopped for two years; the
ordinary appropriation bills delayed beyond all
example; voluntary movements of the people
everywhere to protect themselves from danger;
yet "the Senate, the American Senate, deaf and
blind to all, can see nothing, can hear nothing,
can talk of nothing, can dream of nothing, but
the division op the spoil. The surplus, the ¡
surplus, the surplus, is the engrossing theme; '
and the moment a dollar is proposed for the ser-
vice of the country, they cry out for their dear,
beloved surplus! and call it a war upon the sur-
plus, and a wicked design to lessen the fund for
distribution!
Mr. B. said that he had taken occasion a month
ago, when the defense bills were postponed to
make room for the passage of the distribution
bill, to announce its future fate, and to claim for
that scheme the distinction of the most odious
notoriety that ever befell any bill which had re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate. That judgment
was in a rapid state of verification; and as far as
Eublic sentiment had been developed, the odious
ill, with all its seductive, alluring,and tempting
offers of money, was nothing but a stench in the
nostrils of the people. In, vain had the "large
dividends been figured out in numbers by our land
committee, and offered to the States. All who
had voted had scornfully rejected the wretched [
seduction. In Vain has the exaggerated sum of
11,765,554 been proffered to the State of Virginia;
m vain has the tempting bait of $513,472 been
extended to Connecticut; in vain has #167,655
been held out to Rhode Island. The elections
are over in all these States, and prove that, if
these States have a price, that price is not yet at-
tained in the land bill. The elections prove that
the Constitution an'd defense of the country are
superior to sordid money temptations; for, in all
these States, the men and the party opposed to
an unconstitutional, debauching, and demoraliz-
ing scheme of dividing money, and in favor of
constitutional objects by constitutional means are
successful in the elections; and successful by in- ;
creased majorities, and under the very guns and j
fire of the distribution bill; for the elections took
place while the bill was impending here, while the
report of the Senate's committee was circulating
through the States, and while the table of distri-
bution was exhibited to every voter to show him
how much his State was to get. In each of the
States, the triumph of the Constitution and of
defense was gratifying and complete, nnd partic-
ularly in Connecticut. I n that State, the Senator
by executive appointment, [Mr. Nh.es,] who
distinguished himself by opposition to the bill, is
confirmed in his place by a legislative election
and an overwhelming majority. The Governor
of the State (Governor Edwards) also received
a triumphant majority, and in his message to the
Legislature has spoken upon this subject with so
much wisdom and patriotism that he (Mr. B.)
could not deny himself the gratification of read-
ing the passage to the Senate:
" It appears that there is an unprecedented accumulation
<>f funda in the United States Treasury; and this circum-
stance has given rise to various speculations and plans for
its distribution. The present, in this respect, is a novel
state of things. Never before, since the estabhsbinent of
oar Government, could it be said that we were out of debt,
and had at command more money than we felt immediate
uccasion for. We have had a debt hanging at times rather
heavily upon us, and we have been compelled by it to limit
all our views and all our expenditures. At the close of the
last war a military peace establishment was arranged; and
'ueh a force, and such only was retained, as the exigencies
5Í the country were supposed to require. Military works
■"re projected for our defense, and the erection of them
wnmenced.   The state of the Treasury toon became Mch,
that a reduction of the peace establishment was deemed
necessary, and the expenditures for fortifications were
curtailed.
"The common defense was the principal object of our
Confederacy, and for this the United States are bound to
provide; and this is a work which should be entered upon
and completed with as little delay as possible. The suffer-
ings of the last war are not yet forgotten, and should not be
obliterated from our memories until ample provision is made
for their recurrence. Our sounds, our bays, our rivers, and
many even of our harbors, were destitute of the means of
defense. Nearly the whole of our sea-board was exposed
to the ravages of the enemy; we suffered much from their
depredations, and still more from the constant state of alarm
and agitation in which we were kept. When the United
States Government has fulfilled its office and duty with re-
spect to national defense, and all other things within its
province, it is time enough to talk of some other disposi-
tion of the public revenue; but until this is accomplished,
projects on this subject are, to say the least, premature."
These (said Mr. B.) are wise and patriotic
sentiments;they are constitutional doctrines; they
deserve applause and imitation. They soar above
all sordid and mercenary considerations. They
repulse the gilded bait. They despise the seduc-
tion of money. They go for the country and the
Constitution; they scorn the unconstitutional dis-
tribution bill; ana its tempting array of dollars
and cents. Yes! Virginia refuses the $1,765,554;
Connecticut refuses the $513,472; Rhode Island
refuses the $167,655; and when other States come
to vote, let them contemplate and imitate the ele-
vated, constitutional, patriotic, and wise course
of these States.
Having shown that the distribution bill was at
the bottom of all the opposition to the fortifica-
tion bill, and all the other bills for the service of
the country, Mr. B. proceeded to take a brief
view of the particular bill before the Senate, and
of the objections to it. He said that every work
proposed in the bill was contained in the report
of the Board of Engineers for 1821 and 1826,
and were, besides, especially recommended by
the present Secretary of War. Mr. B. here refer-
red to those reports of the Board of Engineers as
recommended to Congress by the Secretary of
War in 1821, (Mr. Calhoun,) and showed that
they were not only necessary works, but small
ones, the whole twelve proposed in the bill not
amounting to $3,000,000, while two only of those
fortsheretofore constructed cost nearly $4,000,000.
He alluded to Fort Monroe and Fort Calhoun in
the Chesapeake bay. The former of these was
estimated to cost $1,259,792; it is.not yet finished,
and has cost $1,739,046, and it is estimated to
cost $210,000 more. The latter was estimated to
cost $904,355'; it has already cost $1,388,731, and
it is estimated will yet cost $531,188 to finish it.
Here are about four millions of dollars for two
forts, and these two in the neighborhood of each
other, while the sum of $3,000,000 for twelve,
scattered from Passamaquoddy bay to the mouth
of the Mississippi, has been resisted for so many
months.
Mr B. reviewed the ODJections which were
made to this appropriation. It was said the
money could not be expended if it was voted,and
he was sorry to have to admit that this was an
objection which gentlemen seemed to have it in
their own power to make good. The year was
certainly half gone; and if gentlemen can have
their way, it will be weeks or months yet before
a dollar for fortifications can be voted, if at all.
It will be autumn before the work can begin; but
in the South the work will proceed all the winter;
and in the North the winter is the time for collect-
ing materials. If the bill was delayed till the
year was half gone, it was the fault of the Opposi-
tion, and gentlemen cannot be permitted to take
advantage of their own wrong. They cannot  pw
be allowed to plead the delay to defeat the bill,
which delay they have themselves occasioned.
It is said there are not engineers enough to su-
perintend the works; but the answer was ready
to that objection. A bill.had long since passed
the Senate to increase the corps of engineers.
That bill was now in the House of Representa-
tives; and it was to be presumed that the House
would do what the service of the country re-
quired, and not suffer necessary defenses to be
lost for want of officers to superintend them.
The Secretary at War earnestly recommends it,
not only with a view to the new works, but be-
cause an increase of the corps is necessary for the
performance of their current duties. Here is his
recommendation:
"That the corps of engineers should be increased.   The
reasons for this measure have been heretofore submitted,
and the proposition has been recommended by you to Con-
gress. 1 will merely add, upon the present occasion, that
the officers of this corps are not sufficiently numerous for
the performance of the duties committed totbem; and that,
if an augmentation does not take place, the public interest
will suffer in a degree far beyond the value of any pecuniary
consideration connected with this increase."
It is objected that men of science in engineering
cannot be created by a bill. That is granted.
They cannot be created by a mere act. But, in
constructing fortifications, a few skillful engineers
are sufficient—a few to locate and plan the works.
The superintendence of the execution requires
fidelity and attention, with such knowledge as is
readily obtained. With respect to locations for
forts, they have been nearly all selected: all in this
bill were selected fifteen years ago; are detailed in
the report of the Board of Engineers for 1821 —
the same which the then Secretary at War (Mr.
Calhoun) recommended to Congress.
It is objected that we have not plans and esti-
mates for all these works; but I answer that there
are plans and detailed estimates for most of them,
and conjectural estimates for the remainder, with
the statement of the number of guns they would
require, which is the only essential part of the
estimate; for the number of guns governs every-
thing else; it governs the size of the fort, the num-
ber of the men to garrison it, and consequently
the whole expense.
Mr B. said thequestion of fortifying a port
was partly a political question to be decided by
Congress; partly a military one to be decided by
professional men. Congress decide whether the
place is sufficiently important to merit national
defense; military men decide whether it can be
defended, and if so, by how many guns, of what
caliber, and how to be placed. Each must decide
within their sphere; and when the number of guns
is given which will defend a place, the cost of.
the fort is, for all practical purposes, ascertained.
Now, in ajl these cases, the number of guns and
their caliber is given; that decides the size of the
fort, for each gun, according to its caliber, must
have so many feet for its platform, and so many
men to work it—from five to seven in time of
siege; in time of peace, enough only to keep the
fort.
Mr. B. said an excessive and overwrought
anxiety had been displayed here for plans and
estimates, as if they were the most infallible and
unerring guides upon earth. Nothing (he said)
could be more mistaken. The estimates hereto-
fore furnished, and that by the Board of Engineers
under the administration of Mr.' Monroe, when
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
was Secretary of War, were generally and ex-
ceedingly erroneous. Out of eleven forts con-
structed upon those estimates, and thirteen more
in a course of construction, not one had kept
within the estimate. Not a fort had been built
for what it had been estimated to cost; but gen-
erally a quarter more, or in some instances half
as much more, and sometimes double as much.
Nothing liad kept within the estimates but two
little works, not forts—a battery at Bienvenu,
and a tower at Bayou Dupré, Louisiana. Mr.
B. then turned to Senate Document No. 203, of
this session, pages 12 and 13, to verify this state-
ment; and read the list of forts, and the cost cf
their construction, which had been finished, or
were still under consideration. The following
is the list:
Statement of rmUvMck areftaxtked on Utua-hoarAtfiU
United Stores.
Names and where located.
■"•2
■ s
•3  
175,000
Fort Hamilton, New York harbor.... ,#425,000
FortLa Fayette,New York harbor,..
Fort   Washington,   Potomac   river,
Maryland........................
Fort Macon, North Carolina........
Castle Puickney, South Carolina-----
Fort Morgan, Alabama..............
"l\ Fort Pike, Rigolets, Louisiana.......
8  Fort Wood, Louisiana.............'
9  Fort Jackson, Louisiana............
10  Battery Bienvenu, Louisiana........
11  Tower at BayouDupra, Louisiana,..
•6"
$479,23 
31^305
454,103
349,384
693,2921,026,777
264,517| 314,597
234,5171 378,642
392,927, 638,766
94,S82| 93,447
16,677    16,677
