376
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortifications—Mr. Benton.
Sena1
te.
Stutement of the Forts on the sea-board of the United States
under construction.
Names and where
located.
in
CJ    .
—   V
O
C 2
O 2
Fort Independence,
Boston harbor......
Fort Warren, George's
Island, Boston har-
bor.................
Fort Adams, Newport,
Rhode Island.......
Fort Schuyler, Throg's
Neck, New York...
Fort Columbus, and,
otherworkson Gov-]
emor's Island, New!
York.............!
Fort Delaware, Dela-,
ware river..........|
Fort Monroe, Virginia,
Fort Calhoun, Vir-
ginia ...............
Fort Caswell, Oak Isl-
and, North Carolina,
Fortifications in
Charleston harbor,
South Carolina.....
Fort Pulaski, Cock-
spur Island, Georgia,
Fort Pickens, Pensa-
cola, Florida.....
Fort on Foster's Bank,
Florida.........,
$255,575      $52,723
I
800,00o!      104,586
730,166i     962,369
$202,852,
695,414]
350,00o1
577,000,       66,822       510,178
1,259,792
904,355
119,000
375,000
465,300
163,343
157,769        20,000
ft.         '                             '
,      107,136'                 j
1,739,046      210,000:
1,388,791
411,485
324,426
286,184
629,283
75,189
531,188'
60,000
500,000
246,183
50,000
160,000
Total.............  $5,649,531' $6,305,779| $3,535,815
After this exhibition, Mr. B. hoped that there
■would be less pertinacity about these plans and
estimates. He believed the conjectural estimates,
made by the Engineer Department, and founded
upon the number of guns, to be as safe a guide as
the detailed estimate, founded upon calculations
made by the Engineer Board; for in one case there
was a judgment upon the whole, founded upon
the size of the work and the cost of labor and
materials at the place; in the other there was an
arithmetical calculation, founded upon assumed
data, and in which the smallest error in the basis
of calculation led to great errors in the result.
Finally, Mr. B. had one further view to present
of the utility of these famous estimates, which he
hoped would give the quietus to these incessant
demands for them; it was this: that we made no
use of the plans and estimates which we have!
We do not look at them! We do not call for
them ! We do not mention them ! We do not
allude to them! In every case in which we have
the plans and estimates for the fort, no call is
made for them! In the few instances in which
there are none, an incessant cry is set up for them!
Now, why not use those that we have ? Simply
because it would be of no use to do so. Because
no practical benefit could flow from it. What is
a plan ? Nothing but a diagram on paper—a fig-
ure of sides and angles, with dots and marks for
guns and batteries. Very pretty to look at; but
which no legislator can remark upon, or criticise,
or in any way presume to alter. None but pro-
fessional men—and they upon the spot—coif d
presume to give an opinion upon the plan of a
fort; and, therefore, it was useless for Congress
to view the plan. The number of guns was the
essential thing for them to know, for that gov-
erned everything else, and enabled them to say
whether they would defend the place or not.
Mr. B. said the fortifications seemed to have a
hard fate, and to be incapable of being brought
forward at any time, or in any form to, escape
opposition. At the last session, the $3,000,000
appropriation was lost because it was not specific,
and because it was not officially recommended by
the President; now the appropriations for the
same object are opposed again, and by the same
gentlemen, although they are specific and are
recommended by the President. The President
has expressly recommended these works, and
that in writing. The Secretary of War has also
recommended them, and that in repeated in-
stances. Here is his latest recommendation in
his report of April 8:
" There are two bills for fortifications now pending be-
fore Congress. One before the House, amounting to
#2,180,000, and intended to prosecute works already act-
ually commenced. The estimates for this bill may there-
fore be considered necessary in themselves, under any view
of the general subject, and not unreasonable in amount for
the present year, because they include the operations of
two years. The incidental expense, however, may be
safely reduced one half, as it will not be necessary to make
such extensive repairs as were considered requisite when
the estimates were prepared.
" The bill pending before the Senate contains appropria-
tions for nineteen new works, and for the sum of ,4600,000
to be expended for steam-batteries. The estimates on
which this bill was founded were prepared at a tune when
produce required that arrangements should be made for a
different state of things from that which now exists. An
examination of the general system of defense was not then
expedient; and the means of pioteetmg the mont exposed
points, agreeably to information previously collected, were
asked of Congress. It was no time then to stop, and,
instead of prosecuting established plans vigorously, to lo e
the period of action by surveys, and examinations, and dis-
cussions. But tlie opportunity is now afforded, without
danger to the public interest, of applying the principles
suggested to the works under consideration.
" It cannot be doubted but that fortifications at the fol-
lowing places enumerated in this bill will be necessary:
At Penobscot bay, for the protection of Bangor, &c.! at
Kennebec river; at Portland; at Portsmouth; at Salem;
at New Bedford; at New London; upon Staten Island ;
at Sollers's Flats; at redoubt on Federal Point; for tlie
Barancas; for Fort St. Philip.
"These proposed works all command the approach to
places sufficiently important to justify their construction
under any circumstances that will probably exist. I think,
therefore, that the public interest would be promoted by
the passage of the necessary appropriations for them. As
soon as these are made, such of these positions as may
appear to require it can be examined, and the form and
extent of the works adapted to existing circumstances, if
any change be desirable. The construction of those not
needing examination can commence immediately, and that
of the others as soon as the plans are determined upon.
By this proceeding, a season may be saved in tlie opera-
tions."
Another objection to forts is, that they ¿ire
to lead to a standing army in time of peace.
Nothing can be more erroneous. A few regulars
to keep them in order in time of peace is all that
is wanting; in war they are expressly intended
to be garrisoned by militia and volunteers. The
body of the garrison is tobe the yeomanry of the
country, with a few artillerists and regulars.
The peculiar recommendation of forts in our
country, is their adaptation to defense by militia
and volunteers; and upon that ground they have
been constantly advocated and defended. It is a
panic at nothing, to take a fright at a standing
army, thus conjured up to defeat the bill. It is
to dispense with regulars, and to provide posi-
tions for the yeomanry to defend, that forts are
wanted in our country.
Mr. B. wished to impress upon the Senate that
the forts proposed in this bill were but a contin-
uation of a system commenced forty years ago,
recommended under every Administration, and
partly executed. The limitations proposed by
the Secretary of War, and approved by the Pres-
ident, would affect the size of some of the large
forts, but would not much diminish their number.
Forts in open roadsteads are objected to—forts of
large size. In this, the President and Secretary
strike the main objection which was taken to the
system of fortifications fifteen years ago by those
who were then styled radicals. Fort Monroe
covers sixty-four acres of ground; it covers nearly
as much ground, and costs nearly as much money
as the twelve forts put together, which are con-
tained ;n this bill. Fort Calhoun, built near it,
is near.v as large; the two together cost nearly
four nii.iions of dollars. They were objected to
fifteen years ago by those who were then stigma-
tized as radicals; they are objected to now by
the President and Secretary of War, and every-
body applauds the objection. No more such are
proposed. No more such will be built on this
continent, though a powerful fort will be wanted
at Key West, or the Dry Tortugas. The forts
proposed in the bill, and those which will be pro-
posed hereafter, are the moderate-sized works
contended for by the reproached radicals, in
1821, and applauded now by everybody.
Mr. B. read an extract from the message of
Governor Everett, of Massachusetts, to the Gen-
eral Assembly of that State, at its last session,
and relied upon it not only to sustain the propri-
ety of erecting some of the forts enumerated in
the bill, but also to show the necessity of early
appropriations, and to make it manifest that the
public service had already suffered by the delay
which had taken place. The following is the
extract read;
" In the course of the last winter, resolutions were adorne,!
by the Legislature, instructing our Sen,, tors, andreq'ue,ti„e
our Representatives in Congress, to u~e all pioper means to
obtain the requisite appropriations for the repair of the for-
tification on Castle Island, and the vigorous prosecution of
tlie works commenced on George's Wand, Boston h-irbor
Their exertions were so far successful, that the rcqui-ite
appropriations introduced into the fortification bill, in tlie
Senate of the United States, by way of amendment, received
the sanction of the committees of the other branch of Con-
gress to which they were referred, and passed through all
but the last stage of legislation in the House of Representa-
tives. The entire bill was unfortunately lost, in consequence
of the introduction of another amendment'in the House of
Representatives, on which the two Houses disagreed. Not-
withstanding the failure of tlie new appropriations, some
progress was made on both the works, particularly o'n that
upon George's island, during the past season, by means of
the unexpended balance of the appropnation of the vear
1834. I have the satisfaction to inform you, that for the
present year large appropriations have been recommended
tor both objects by the Department of War. The rapid prog-
ress of these works is of extreme importance; and it7s
much to be desired, that the appropriations should be so
early made as to prevent theloss of some of the best months
in the season, which frequently occurs, in this branch of the
public service, in consequence of the delay in the passage
of the appropriation bill. Among the documents accom-
panying the report from the War Department, at the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress, is a statement
of several new works, proposed by the Board of Engineers,
for the defense of the coast, and arranged in different classes,
according to their importance. Among those of ' the first
class, to be commenced as soon as possible,' I notice, with
great satisfaction,five or six works, which, when executed,
will complete the defenses of Boston harbor; a part of the
sea-board second to no other in importance, and hitherto
almost wholly neglected by the General Government."
Mr. B. deprecated the sectional tone which had
pervaded a part of this debate. It seemed to be
supposed that the North was to be benefited, and
the South neglected. Not so the fact. Tlie forts
heretofore erected were principally in the South;
and of those proposed, the South had, he would
not say her share, for this was not a case for
dividing out shares, but for extending defense
wherever it was needed, and the South was at-
tended to to the full extent of its need. Besides
five forts finished in the delta of the Mississippi,
and a superb one in Alabama, costing above a
million of dollars, there were others intended at
lake Barataría, and on the Mississippi,at Mobile
bay, Perdido bay, Pensacola bay, St. Rosa's bay,
St. Joseph's bay, Apalache bay, Appalachicola,
Espíritu Santo bay, Charlotte Harbor, Key West,
and the Dry Tortugas, making near a dozen
works, and costing, by estimate, near six mil-
lions of dollars; and all for the security of west-
ern commerce, and all for the protection of the
commerce of the Western States, which,pass-
ing out of the north of the Mississippi, must go
through the Gulf of Mexico, and pass between
Key West, through a narrow passage, before it
could reach the great ocean. Every fort built on
the Gulf of Mexico (Mr. B. said) was a west-
ern fort—a fort for the benefit of the western
States, just as much so as the forts in the Chesa-
peake bay were for the defense of Maryland and
Virginia. Turning on the other side of the penin-
sula of Florida, it would be seen that the ex-
treme southern coast was not neglected. Georgia
was well attended to. Besides the forts now under
construction on Cock-spur Island, estimated by
the Board of Engineers to cost $375,000, and
which has cost thus far §190,000, and it is ex-
ported to cost $240,000 more; besides this fine
fort, other works are proposed in the Savannah
river, and along the coast at Osabaw sound, St.
Catharine's sound, Sapclo sound, Doby inlet,
Altamaha sound, St. Simon's sound, St. An-
drew's sound, Cumberland sound, to St. Augus-
tine, in Florida, mostly small works, estimated
to cost nearly two million of dollars Contin-
uing the view to Baltimore, and Mr. B. said
it would be found that more money had been, and
would be expended on forts to the south than to
the north of that point; but the comparison was
absurd, and he would not continue it. Defense
was not to be proportioned out, but to be given
where it was needed, without regard to lines or
latitudes.
Mr. B. deprecated also the extravagant manner
of opposing this bill, as a plan to line the whole
coast with batteries—as a plan to shut out a for-
eign army from landing at any point—as a plan
to raise a great standing army. All this he treated
as BANiCAL,and intended to frighten weak nerves
and weaker heads. The forts proposed were
small in extent—confined to the defense of cities—
