1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (SLOB®,
art
24th Cowcu.«lst Sess.
Appropriations—Mr. Beaumont.
}lo,M%Tm>
were to be manned by a few artillerists in time
of peace, and were to look to the militia and vol-
unteers for their main garrison in time of war.
He showed the necessity of forts to prevent cities
from being sacked, plundered, and bombarded;
and the folly of depending upon men alone, no
matter how brave, with muskets and rifles in
their hands, to defend a city against thirty-six-
inch bombs, flying four thousand yards through
the air, and bursting with a bushel of fire and
shot among the dwellings of the citizens. Forts
to keep off fleets and cruisers could alone do this.
But it was not to defend cities only that forts
were wanting. They were needed to cover navy-
yards and dock-yards, and to serve as places of
refuge to the military and commercial marine of
the country. We have a great commerce (he
said) and many merchant ships; these ships must
have ports of refuge, places where they can be
safe from pursuit and attack. "We have determ-
ined to have a navy; and that determination in-
creases the necessity for forts. Ships of war
must have ports of refuge as well as merchant
vessels; they must have places where they can
lie secure when pressed by superior force. All
naval Powers provide places of refuge and pro-
tection for their ships, not only at home, but
abroad. England, France,and Hollandare emi-
nent examples. Why does England seize upon
commanding positions all over the globe—Gib-
raltar, Malta, the Cape of Good Hope, Mada-
gascar, Jamaica, and so many other places—
except as naval stations, to protect her own
marine and to command others in time of war?
We, on the contrary, with ample means in our
hands, are delaying and neglecting to establish
places of refuge for our marine, even upon our
own coasts, and upon that gulf upon whose bosom
and through whose outlet between Key West
and Cuba the whole commerce of the mighty
West is to float. Forts and naval stations upon
that gulf are western objects, for which every
western man, here or at home, should perse-
veringly coniend.
Mr. B. concluded with his standing remark,
that Congress was now in the sixth month of
the session, and not a shilling voted yet for for-
tifications ! That we were going on two years
without appropriations for a single fort!
APPROPRIATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. BEAUMONT,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
May, 1836.
(n the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the Fortification Bill and the amendment offered
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. CiMBEELENa,] proposing a further appropriation
of $700,000 for the armament of the fortifications, and
the amendment to the amendment offered by Mr. Allan,
of Kentucky, to reduce the salaries of the heads of De-
partments, &c.
Mr. BEAUMONT rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I beg leave to occupy the time
of the committee for a few moments, and 1 assure
gentlemen I will not trespass long "upon their
patience. The only offering I bring to conciliate
their kind feelings is an honesty of purpose. I
am opposed to the amendment to the bill, the
amendment to the amendment, and to the bill
itself, in part, I am opposed to the amendment,
because it adds an extravagant item to the ap-
r'opriations in the bill already too extravagant,
am opposed to the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman ftom Kentucky,
{Mr. Allan,] because, whatever be its merits as
a distinct proposition, I think it has no appro-
priate place in this bill; and I am opposed to the
bill in its present shape, because it contains ap-
propriations extravagant in amount, and, as I
believe, uncalled for by ti.e necessities of the
public service.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that the fundamental
principle of a republican Government is economy.
To take no more from the people than is abso-
lutely necessary to supply the economical and
constitutional wants of the Government, is the
dictate of justice and of patriotism. All the money
expended by the Government, whether properly
or improperly, comes directly or indirectly from
the people—the laboring people; a portion of
whom have been recently characterized here as a
mere wandering herd of reckless adventurers,
1 having neither virtue, nor home, nor tie of affec-
I tion, to bind them to the soil of their country—
I but whom I consider as constituting a portion of
I that virtuous yeomanry who are the mam support
1 of our country in peace, and its buckler in war.
1 Labor is the foundation of all support, national
or individual, and all extravagant or unnecessary
expenditure by the Government is a wanton in-
jury done to the laboring classes. To protect
this most useful class, the life and soul, the bone
and muscle of the nation, should be the first care
of every agent or Representative of the people.
But, Mr. Chairman, how few real and devoted
advocates have the people in the House of the
people! Is there not too often a more manifest
devotion here to the interests of those who Kve
upon the favors of the Government, than to the
interests of those who furnish these favors? Is
it not too often the case that Government itself
rests its support on those who are supported by
the means drawn from the people, than upon the
people themselves? In monarchies the maxim
is, that " the people are made for the benefit of
the Government-, in a free Government, such as
oura was intended to be, the maxim is, "the
Government is made for the benefit of the people."
Frugality, economy, and equal justice are the
life-giving principles of a Repubfic. Splendor,
waste, and an unequal distribution of favors are
its bane. A rational people will submit to all
burdens imposed for the common weal—all tax-
ation that is necessary for the common defense
and just support of the necessary constituted au-
thorities. Further than this, submission is a
crime and a badge of servitude. That system
of taxation which goes to support useless estab-
lishments—which takesrrom the comforts of one
to add to the indulgence of another—which takes
away the fruits of the labor of one man to sup-
port the extravagance and- idleness of another,
under whatever name it may come, whether it
assume the character of "protection" or "the
general welfare," is oppression under an insid-
ious disguise, and a speculation upon the cre-
dulity of the people. Any Government that im-
poses unnecessary taxation is oppressive. Has
our Government, at any time, been guilty of this
offense ? Let the extraordinary increase in amount
of our expenditures, the #35,000,000 of surplus
said to be now in the Treasury, and the graceless
scramble for its division, answer that question.
From ten to fourteen millions of dollars, I be-
lieve, have been expended within the last twenty
years on and about fortifications, besides very
large sums in their armament; and it is presumed
that if a conscionable inventory were at this time
taken by competent and disinterested engineers,
the whole would not amount in value tofour mil-
lions, perhaps not so much.
The question may be asked, where is the bal-
ance of eight or ten millions? It may, perhaps,
be set down to the account of the " general wel-
fare," or, in plain English, gone to the support of
those who have rendered no equivalent in service,
but have found it more comfortable to live on the
public than upon their own resources.
Shall we increase the permanent expenditures
of our Government because a system of unneces-
sary taxation has brought a surplus into the
Treasury ? This will only make the evil perpet-
ual, and render permanent the vicious system of
taxation.
All the modes heretofore proposed as a remedy
for the surplus in the Treasury, which all seem
to deprecate as an evil, only go to rivet the mis-
chief upon the people. The wrong is in taking
the money unnecessarily from the people, not in
its remaining in the Treasury; for in that there
can be no wrong. But if you increase your pub-
lic expenditures, you can never again diminish
them, however great the necessity, without al-
most resorting to a revolution. But it may be
asked what remedy I should propose ? I answer,
take the taxes off the people. Suspend the sale
of the public lands except to bona fide or actual
settlers, in limited quantities.   Leave the money
in the pockets of those who earn it, and not «a .
tort it from them, and then trifle with their un-
derstanding by pretending to render it back to
them, which is only a promise made to the ear
to be broken to the understanding.
The squandering the public domain in the man-
ner in which it has been dissipated for the last
two or three years, I believe to be a violent per-
version of the intention of the original grantors,
(of a part of that land, at least,) and of the Gov-
ernment in making the investment. What has
been sold within the last year for eight or ten
million of dollars to capitalists and speculators,
who never intended to till one foot of it, if it had
been prudently retained, in a few years would
have been worth to the people perhaps one hun-
dred millions of dollars. These lands should be
retained for the actual settler as an asylum for
the poor but industrious man, as land becomes
high in value, and the population becomes dense
in the old States, and their proceeds should be
made available to relieve the people from taxa-
tion. This I consider the legitimate object of the
States in granting, and of the Government in pur*
chasing, these lands.
Mr. Jefferson, who wrote almost with the pen
of inspiration, when speaking' of the rights of
man,-and the legitimate purpose of Government,
after recounting the many natural advantages we
enjoyed, of position, soil, and climate, asks,
" What more is necessary to make us a happy
'and prosperous people?" and answers, " A wise-
' and frugal Government, which shall restrain
'men from injuring one another, shall leave them
' otherwise free to regulate their owa pursuits of
' industry and improvement, and ¡kail not take
♦/row the mouth of labor the bread it hat tamed."
And again he says: " Considering the general
' tendency to multiply offices and dependencies,
' and to increase expense to the ultimate term of
' burden that the citizen can bear, it behooves us
' to avail ourselves of every occasion which pre-
' sents itself for taking off the surcharge, that it
f may never be seen here; that, after leaving to
' labor the smallest proportion of its earnings on
' which it can subsist, Government shall itself
' consume the residue of what it was instituted to
•guard."
Are there any symptoms of a disregard of this
sound advice of the roan, whose ¡name is so fre-
quently invoked by us all, in the transactions of
this body! A reference to the biH  passed, and
in the progress of passing, during the present
session, will best settle this question.
My reflections, Mr. Chairman, lead me to con-
clude that the best preparations we can maka for
the defense of this country, against the contin-
gency of war and conquest, is, to preserve out
free republican institutions, such as our fathers
left them, unimpaired. The.most impregnable
breastworks we can oppose to invasion are the
breasts of a free people. So long as the people
of this country are left in the full and free enjoy-
ment of their rights, and not subjected to unne-
cessary exactions, nor degraded by odious dis-
tinctions, they will bo invincible; but whenever
they shall find themselves oppressed by a corrupt
and extravagant Government, and degraded by
privileged orders, the charm of invincibility will be
exploded; and although our whole frontiers were
embossed with fortifications, and garnished with
a million of cannon, our country wcroid become
the prey of the first invader who should guárante*
a relief from such wrongs.
Out1 Republic can only be maintained in vigor
and health by adhering to the first principles on
whioh it was founded. These principles are
economy, simplicity, and a severe abstinence from
the corrupt practices and abuses of foreign Gov-
ernments. How have we kept these observ-
ances? Are we not every day borrowing and en-
larging upon these foreign examples ? How long
is it since we raised the salaries of our Navy offi-
cers from the republican to the monarchical stand-
ard , upon the grounds urged by the friends of
the measure of enabling our officers to vie in ex-
travagance and display with the minions of
tyranny in Europe ? Did we not raise the pay
of a post captain from about $3,600 to more than
(4,600, and of all the subordinate officers in pretty
much the same ratio ? And have not the officers
of the Navy been increased to near four times tha
