384
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24tH Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. op Reps.
DEFENSE OF THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. B. TOWNS,
OF GEORGIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
Wednesday, May 11, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the " Fortification Bill."
Mr. Chairman: I rise under the most painful
sense of duty, with emotions such as I have sel-
dom felt—with apprehensions not easily described.
If, sir, under any circumstances, I could hope to
engage the attention of the committee, I could
scarcely expect, after the protracted discussion
already had, to do so at this time. My purpose
will be to submit the opinions I entertain on some
of the important questions suggested by gentle-
men in the course of this debate; and if I should
be so fortunate as to deserve the credit of not
exhausting the patience of the committee, I shall
feel in some degree rewarded for my labor. I
will take this occasion to remark, that while I
reserve to myself the right to defend opinions I
entertain, and the principles of the party to
which I am attached, it will be my first object, as
it would be my greatest pleasure, to avoid inflict-
ing the slightest wound upon the feelings of any
gentleman whose argument I shall attempt to
answer. With the motives of gentlemen on this
floor, I have nothing to do—motives lie buried
too deep in the human heart for me to search after,
and they will be treated by me as beyond the
range of appropriate inquiry—sacred to the indi-
vidual, saored to the character of this body, and
not to be questioned, only at the expense of har-
mony.
Sir, we have been assured by gentlemen of high
standing in this House, in the progress of this
debate, that there was a peculiar fitness, both in
the time and usages of the Government, to enter
not only into the examination of the principles
of the present Administration, but to scan, with
a searching eye, the political opinions and prac-
tices of the distinguished statesmen whose names
are now before the American people for the first
office in their gift. Since, sir, it has been the
pleasure of gentlemen opposed to this Adminis-
trador to urge an investigation into its principles
and practices, as a paramount obligation upon this
House, with no other apparent object than to
connect whatever in their judgment may appear
odious with one of the candidates before the
people for the Chief Magistracy of the Union, it
shall be my business to raise my humble voice in
defense of principles and practices not of recent
origin, but whose existence can be traced to the
purest days of our republican institutions, and
to show, sir, when these principles have been
assailed, the blow has fallen either from open
enemies, or pretended friends to the principles of
the Republican party of this country, as founded
on the Administration of Mr. Jefferson, and fully
acted out by that of General Jackson. Sir, I will,
once for all assure this committee, that while I
cherish the kindest personal feelings to every
gentleman in this House with whom I have had.
the honor of cultivating an acquaintance, I must
be permitted to differ with many of them in the
views they have submitted in the progress of this
discussion; and, differing from them, 1 shall claim
no more nor less latitude in debate than they
themselves have enjoyed. If, in the exercise of
this right, feelings of an. unpleasant character
are produced, a recollection of bygone times
revived, past occurrences reviewed, and the his-
tory of some of your statesmen, who are now
seen attempting to control the destinies of their
country, and who have but too often appeared
as perturbed, spirits in the important events in
our history for the last twenty years, the fault
will not have been mine; but the consequences
must rest with honorable gentlemen whose
range in debate has rendered such a course not
one of choice with me, but of painful neces-
sity.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not consume much of
the time of the committee in attempting to answer
any portion of the argument of the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McCotu>s,] who
preceded me.   Not, sir, because of any want of
merit in that argument, but bpcause much of what
the gentleman said was in support of the power
of Congress to distribute the proceeds of public
lands, by an act such as the Senate has recently
passed and sent to this House for our adoption.
Nor will I complain, sir, at the infinite joy that
honorable gentleman seemed to derive from the
conviction upon his mind that he had established,
quite beyond the reach of future disputation,
that the opinion he entertained on the subject of
the distribution of the public lands was in strict
accordance with the opinions of President Jack-
son, as expressed in his communication of 18129.
If the honorable gentleman had devoted more of
his time and research into the true condition of
the public Treasury, and the future prospect of a
rapid decrease of our revenue, connected with a
comprehensive view of the actual posture of
affairs upon our own continent, he would prob-
ably have arrived at the conclusion that it would
be quite time to devise means to disgorge your
Treasury, when the just demands of the Gov-
ernment and the best interests of the people had
been provided for. And surely, sir, the President
of the United S.tates cannot be understood as
recommending a division of the revenue so long as
the public service and public safety require its
application to those purposes.
The President's views upon this, as uponevery
other subject, have, in the course of this discus-
sion, been strangely misapprehended, or other-
wise he has had the miserable misfortune of mis-
understanding himself. When the President rec-
ommended to Congress " that it seemed to him
' that the most safe, just, and Federal disposition
' which could be made of the Burplus revenue,
' would be its apportionment among the several
' States according to their ratio of representation;
' and should this measure not be found warranted
' by the Constitution, that it would be expedient
' to propose to the States an amendment author-
' izing it," he did not, he could not, mean that at
the end of any single year, should there remain
an unexpended balance, either unappropriated or
undisbursed, it should at once be distributed in
this way. But he meant, as his language clearly
implies, that there should be accumulated in the
Treasury, over and above the wants of the Gov-
ernment, a permanent fund, not likely to be af-
fected by any sudden decrease of revenue; not
likely to be required by any sudden change or
disorder in our commerce or foreign relations,
requiring large expenditures for the maritime
frontier, or in various means of necessary and
proper public defense. No, sir, the President
never said in his message, or elsewhere, that the
public treasure of this nation should be divided,
when the great interest of the entire mass of the
people of these States directed, without the pos-
sibility of a mistake, to what national ends their
money should be applied. And, before the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia can claim to act
in conformity with the opinion of President Jack-
son on this subject, he must first show an actual,
a permanent, and fixed surplus, and not the mere
possibility of an unexpended balance in the Treas-
ury at the end of a single quarter, which may
be required, not only for purposes of general de-
fense, but to .save your frontier from all the hor-
rors of Indian barbarity before the next quarter.
The honorable gentleman has also informed us,
that while he does not believe in the various
charges that' have been made against the Presi-
dent, giving the leading measures of his Admin-
istration his cordial support, with the exception
of his course on the removal of the public depos-
its, he nevertheless stands.wholly uncommitted
upon the subject of his successor.
The honorable gentleman has given the further
assurance to the committee, that when the period
shall arrive for hkn to exercise the elective fran-
chise, he will march to the polls with the fearless
spirit of a true Virginian, and there by his vote
assert his preference for that man he should think
best entitled to the public confidence. Sir, I would
not discourage this manly bearing in the honor-
able member. I would not have him fall one jot
or tittle from that bold and independent stand that
he has chosen to occupy. I would barely remind
him, that if the current scandal of the day is to be
accredited, he will, in pursuing the course he has
intimated, subject nimself to the imputation of
being the follower of that individual so often
denounced as the non-committal candidate. But
sir, a consciousness of the injustice of this charge
against that distinguished individual has doubt-
less had its influence upon the course pf the hon-
orable member, and therefore he is prepared to
avow for himself, as worthy of a Virginia Rep-
resentative, the very principle, if indeed it can
be called a principle, which, so far as the Vice
President is concerned, rests only upon va<me
charge, unsupported by proof, or grounded upon
fact.
I will now, Mr. Chairman, having briefly
noticed some of the arguments of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McComas,] proceed to the
consideration of the principles involved in the
amendment offered by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Ways a id Means, [Mr. Cam-
breleng,] to the bill on your table, and submit
some reasons that will influence me in opposing
the mode of distribution of the public revenue
provided for in the bill proposed from the Senate.
The great question now presented for the con-
sideration of the American statesman is, whether
a system of defense consistent with the genius
and character of our institutions shall be adopted,
and become the settled policy of the Government,
until that system shall be completed; or whether
we shall adhere to that policy heretofore pursued,
restrained as it has been for the want of funds,
and so contracted in its scale as to afford a very
insecure protection to the numerous exposed
points of our widely extended territory. In de-
termining wisely a question that addresses itself
to the pride, the patriotism, and the judgment of
every American citizen, we should take a com-
prehensive view, not only of our present actual
condition, but should also extend our reflection
to a period far beyond the present. We legislate
now, not only for the time being, but to protect
the interest, and insure the prosperity and happi-
ness of those who are to come after us.
Sir, that statesman who does not look to the
future as well as to the present interest of his
country, who does not look to its future wants,
necessities, and condition, falls infinitely short,
in my opinion, of discharging his first duty to
himself and to future generations. What sub-
ject, let me ask you, could address itself more
favorably to our consideration than the subject
of our national defense? If, sir, there be any-
thing in the recollection of past danger, if one
page of our country's history affords more joy
than another, is it not that page which tells the
story of the gallant and brave resistance of your
countrymen fighting from within the walls of
your fortifications, repelling a proud and expe-
rienced enemy far exceeding themselves in num-
ber, and possessed of the munitions of war many
times more than equal to their own ? Sir, it is
not upon the slender basis of imaginary advan-
tage that I would advocate the bill upon your
table. The principles of that bill are sanctioned
by the experience of all ages and of all coun-
tries. Go to any nation, look to the condition
of any people who feel themselves happy and
believe themselves safe, you will find that their
great interest is protected by that system of de-
fense which is best adapted to their condition.
Our Government is not of force, but of volun-
tary legal restraint; and the people that yield
obedience to that Government can expect noth-
ing less than protection from it. How are you
to protect them, if the defenseless state of your
maritime coast invites rather than deters foreign
invasion? Let any man look to the immense
property, private and public, spread upon our
maritime frontier, from Canada to Texas, and
deceive himself with the belief that it is not
necessary to throw between that property and
the approach of the invader the most ample de-
fense. Sir, theman who has studied the human
character, with the belief, that, with either indi-
dividuals or'nations, the greatest security is
to be found in the greatest degree of weakness
and dependence, has trimmed his midnight
lamp to little profit. And the American states-
man who believes that our greatest security
depends in doing nothing for national defense,
does but invite the cupidity, the avarice, the
ambition, and, in short, the worst passions of
bold, daring, and ambitious invaders to commit
