386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May II,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
importer, for the want of purchasers; for in vain |
docs the foreign article seek a market, when the
wants of the consumer have been supplied.   The
amount that remains in the hands of the merchant
is dead capital, and its place must lie supplied, or
money raised to an equal amount, by in overdraw
upon the usual demand ¡¡pon the money market.
This state of things, which is the unavoidable
consequence of oveitrading, has  been used by
the enemies of the Adminis nation to show the
wretched state of the cuireney, arising, as tl.ey
allege, from excessive issues of bank paper from
State institutions.    The operation of this exces-
sive trade is perfectly clear.  The money dealers,
whose business it is to watch over and profit by
the folly, miscalculation, and overtrading of the !
merchant, no sooner perceive their condition than
they add an increased charge upon the use of
their money.   The merchant is compelled to pay
it until the wants of the consumer will afford
him an opportunity of realizing cash upon that
portion of his stock which had remained upon
his hands as dead capital, driving the merchant
to all the expense and additional charge of raising
money at an increased rate of interest; an opera-
tion well calculated, and often leading to, his
utter failure and ruin.    It is worthy of remark
that no sooner had the opponents of the Admin-
istration perceived that the last year had been
signalized for excessive trading, than they in-
stantly  predicted,   what  they  well   knew  was
inevitable, a pressure in the money market, and
the increase of domestic exchange, charging the
whole to what they are pleased to call the " gold
humbug."   All this has been done to arrest an
experiment that promises fair to succeed, but
which, if overthrown, must raise another national
bank.  But, sir, I ask, can any man look into the
present condition of trade, and believe that ou:
revenue from imposts will equal that of last year?
Can any man believe that the enormous sum of
nearly fifteen millions is again to be received
from the proceeds of land sales in any one year?
No, sir; the time is not far distant when the rev-
enue from that source must fall to less than two
millions.
Having exhibited some reasons in support of
the opinion I set out with, in order to place this
question of surplus revenue beyond all doubt, I
am willing to take aa the probable amount of rev-
enue from all sources, the amount of revenue for
the year 1833, which is.........$33,960,203 80
To this add the surplus on the 1st
of January, 1836.............16,850,914 00
we cannot tell, but the expenditures of which we
cannot doubt. I submit the following as a prob-
able safe calculation of appropriations for 183G:
For the ordinary and extraordinary appropria-
tions for 183G..................'.*>24,000,000
For Seminole war.................    2,120,000
For three per cent, to States on sales
of lands.........................       500,000
For Indian treaties.................    8,767,325
$50,811,117 80
So that if the amount of revenue from all sources
for 1836 should equal that for 1833, then we shall
have the above amount of $50,811,117 80; pro-
vided I show that the balance in the Treasury
subject to appropriations on the 1st of January,
1836, was $16,850,914 00. We will now take
the revenue from all sources for the year 1834,
which was....................$21,791,935 55
Add to this the balance on the 1st
of January, 183G.............16,850,914 00
$38,642,849 55
But take the prosperous year of 1835, with an
increase of revenue from land sales overand above
any other year nearly ten millions. From all
sources the revenue of 1835 was, $34,913,755 14
To this add  the  amount in the
Treasury 1st January, 1836... 16,850,914 00
$51,764,669 14
Now, I would appeal to the sober reflection of
every gentleman if we can believe the revenue of
1836 is to equal that of 1835? But admitting it
did, which I cannot believe, we shall have only
a little above fifty-one and a half millions, out of
which we are to provide, not only for the usual
and customary expenditures of the Government,
but also for the payment of large sums for Indian
treaties, if they can be so called. We are to pro-
vide for a Florida war with the Seminóles, we
are to provide for arming a force to protect our
western frontiers, and for what other hostilities
$35,387,325
To this every prudent man would add
at least, for prosecuting the Florida
Florida and other Indian wars that
may «rise, the sum of.............    5,000,000
_________
$40^387,325 !
Deduct this sum from the amount that is sup- ,
posed will- be in the Treasury in 1836, placing
that amount upon the largest estimate, and you
will have $11,377,344 14. To this add bank stock,
and you will then have less than $20,000,000 on
the 1st of January, 1837.
But, sir, take the receipts of 1833 from all
sources as the bases of your calculation, which
strikes me as by far the safest, remembering as
we do that there is one tenth of reduction under
tha tariff, and the Treasury then, so far from
having a surplus to divide, will be deficient
$1,744,475 45, except the bank stock. But take
the Treasurer's own report; and though I will
admit that it is the fashion for every gentleman
so to make his table as*to prove his proposition,
still I believe that none is entitled to more respect
than the Secretary of the Treasury.                      |
From the Secretary of the Treasury's annual re-
port to this Congress it appears that the re-
ceipts in the Treasury from all sources, during
the year 1836, are estimated at___$19,750,000
To which add the balance of the avail-
able funds in the Treasury, esti-
mated at........................18,047,598
And they make together the sum of. .$37,797,598
Should the appropriations, then, amount to the
sum I have supposed, your Treasury will be
minus $2,589,727, not including the bank stock.
But if the land bill should pass, you will then
have distributed $20,000,000 for 1833, 1834, and
1835, and every dollar that may be received from
that source for the present year, w'hich would,
independent of the receipts of the present year,
leave your Treasury in debt upwards of twenty
millions. How is it to be supplied' The answer
is plain—increase your tariff, so well understood
by most of the advocates for distribution.
Mr. Chairman, to my mind there is but one
course to pursue; first, put whatever surplus you
may have in circulation, guarding its safety by
efficient legislation; second, provide for its prompt
return into your Treasury whenever the public
service shall require it. This we should do, and
not indulge in dreams about the countless mil-
lions that are to flow into your Treasury. Sir,
consider fully the operation of the tariff on your
revenue, before you devise plans to distribute.
Avoid any and every act that may lead to inter-
ruption of the compromise act as it is. Let it
alone for the present, for fear of a worse.
But, Mr. Chairman, should I be deceived in the
results to which my investigations have led me
on the subject of the surplus revenue, and that, in
point of fact, we should have a permanent surplus
for the next two years, which it seems to me no
man who investigates the subject can possibly
believe, then, sir, I shall maintain before this
committee and the country, that the public treas-
ure should not be divided among the States, in
the way proposed by the Senate, but should be
reserved, to be applied to purpose  dear to every
American bosom, the protection of our own citi-
zens on our western frontier, and within the limits
of the States and Territories of the South, from
the cruel butcheries that await them from a merci-
less foe, as well as to complete our defenses on
the maritime frontier and on the ocean. I call
upon those gentlemen who are urging upon us
this novel plan of divesting the Government of
the means of protecting her citizens, to look well
to the condition of your western and southwest-
ern frontier. I ask the western members on this
floor, I ask what prudent man, what discreet
statesman, would advocate a measure of this char-
acter, when dangers so alarming are multiplying
daily in that quarter ? We already know that the
savage yell, the war whoop of the fiercest bar-
barians that inhabit the continent, has been heard
in your western prairies. The work of death
may have commenced before this. Of one fact,
sir, we cannot plead ignorance, that the savages
that have for years past roamed within the limits
of the States, numbering in all many thousands,
have been mostly removed to their allotted homes
in the West, many carrying with them implaca-
ble hatred for the wliite man, and ready, under
the slightest pretext, on the least encouragement,
to plunge deep the battle ax and scalping-knife
in the bosoms of our unprotected citizens.
Nor is it from the Indian race alone that we
have much to apprehend. There has of late ap-
peared in that quarter a monster, who wears the
form of man, and bears the name of Christian;
whose treachery in war, butchery in cold blood,
and lawless despotism, give him the first, the
highest claim to the execration of all mankind.
Yes, sir, let the blood-stained flag of that more
than barbarian Santa Anna once float on our
western borders, and you had as well attempt to
prevent the Mississippi from pouring her waters
in the bosom of the ocean, as to restrain the free-
men of this country from rushing to the rescue—
yes, sir, and the revenge of their suffering coun-
trymen ! Sir, ouf citizens are aroused; the spirit
of liberty is kindling around the household altars.
The prayers of the good, and the spirits of the
brave will in due season be heard, be felt, be ac-
knowledged; and for one I say, let that spirit,
that voice, and sympathy in behalf of liberty,
religious and political rights, go forth. I will not
check its aspirations, but bid it ascend and mingle
with like kindred spirits, that in the hour of our
darkest colonial bondage gave us aid. It is not
to be said of the North Americans that they can
stand by and see a struggle on their own conti-
nent, within sight of their own boundary, between
lawless tyranny and despotism on the one hand,
characterized by acts of perfidy and cruelty ut-
terly unworthy of the spirit of the age, and a
portion of the Anglo-Saxon race on the other.
Sir, I am no advocate, however strong our sym-
pathies, to violate the treaty made between this
Government and Mexico. 1 would not consent
to any proposition in violation of that high and
lofty stand this Government has taken and uni-
formly observed in our intercourse with foreign
Governments. No, sir, I would not have that
character for justice and good faith in her rela-
tions to other Powers with which she set out in
her infancy, and always nobly maintained in her
greatest extremity, now tarnished at this late
day. But still I would have this Government
plant herself upon a high and unequivocal ground,
ready to assert every right arising under inter-
national law, or growing out of the treaties with
Mexico; and, sir, I would have more; I would
increase the military arm in that quarter with the
strength that would command the respect due by
Santa Anna to the compacts between this Gov-
ernment and his own, or, on his failure to do so,
crush at once the tyrant, whose cruelty in war
has thrown him beyond the sympathy of the
Christian world. Yes, sir, \ would be prepared
not only to prevent the massacre of our own
citizens in that quarter, but promptly to revenge
any indignity, any violation of faith, any treach-
ery that might be attempted by this usurper.
And am I to be told that we are to divide the
revenue among the States so as to prevent this
Government from taking a position demanded
by every principle of justice, sound policy, and
love of country? No, sir, I think I know the
character of the people of this Union, their innate
love of liberty and constitutional government, too
well to believe that they would hesitate, under
the present state of affairs, between a proposition
to divide the money on the one hand, or to hus-
band it up with care to be applied by the Govern-
ment to purposes of defense, to preserve our
honor and enforce the laws of humanity.
Sir, I heard on this floor, a few days since,
sentiments from an honorable member from Ohio,
