1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. op Reps.
[Mr Mvson.1 in relation to the motives of that
bind of patriots who are now struSTS^hn^ for lib-
era v\ lYxis, tint exoittd in mv bos in any
otli r than phnsant emotions Dots it become a
frtomm, mi \mtnean sti'esmin, in the fice of
the world, to bnnd a bind of brother, few in
miniVrs. wi ik in resources, contending agiinst
fiarlul odd> tor the rights of religion and iqml
gover intent as a bind of mercenary speculitors '
No, sir, 1 will rMse my\oice,ard nnintain lure,
and in !a< e of the world, that no sueh base,
sordid, and selfish motives have influenced a por-
tion of the gallant men who have been soon f iie-
roost in the strusrsle for liberty that is now going
on in Texas Many of them, sir, viere citizens
of my own Sute I knew them personally, and
knew them well, and the spot on earth cannot be
pointed out thit has given birth to braver, moie
dauntless spirits, who would peril more for
equality, liberty, and constitutional Government
But thty have fallen—they live now but in the
memory of their friends. The treachery of a
despot, a heartless tyrant, has sunk them low in
death, but there lives a spirit in the bosom of
every patriot in this Union ready to do homage
to that holy love of liberty that induced them to
abandon home, quiet, and enjoyment, to aid their
suffering friends in a struggle against oppression.
Of one of those gallant men whose fate is
involved in so much mystery, I would speak
more particulirly, I mean Colonel Fannin Sir,
he was my friend in infancy, my companion at
school, and though opposed in our political course
in our native State, (Georgia,) let my chantible
office thus publicly, whether he be living or dead,
bear testimony to his moral cdurage, his manly
bearing and elevated feeling in his intercourse
with ail That he was fearless, none can doubt;
that he was generous, all can attest who knew
him, and that he has fought for liberty and con-
science, and not for plunder, let the history of
Texas tor the last five years decide Sir, I will
siy no more My object was not to eulogize
men, but to defend their gallant acts from the
imputations thrown upon their motives by gen-
tlemen on this floor Had I remained silent, I
should have felt as if I was pursuing a cold and
calculating policy, as cold as I have been induced
to think influenced some honorable gentlemen in
opposing every measure that originates in this
House having the slightest reference to the con-
dition of Texas.
But, sir, the danger we have to dread is not
from Santa Anna alone.    It m,.y be that while
we may avoid any collision with him,every gen-
tleman the least conversant with Indian character,
is perfectly apprised of the influence that the war
now in Texas may have on all the Indian tribes
in that quarter.    When the work of death once
commences, no matter by whom or how, the first
brczc that bears the scent of blood inflames their
passions, and, regardless of consequences, they
straightway engage in the contest on the one side
or the other.    Let the war become general with
your western Indians, and I greatly fear that the
treasure, of which so much has been said, will
not be adequate to the pressing demands of the
public service.    But it is not on your western and
southwestern frontierthat your citizens are alone
exposed to savage cruelty.    Look to  Florida;
already you have appropriated about two and a
half millions for the prosecution of that war, and
the first effectual blow is yet to be given for its
suppression.   We all know that the tomahawk
is seen gleaming in that quarter; savage ferocity
is yet unsubdued, and your Army has been com-
pelled to seek summer quarters, in a healthy situ-
ation, in order to avoid, in some degree, the dis-
eases of that climate.   "Vegetation has long since
put forth, concealing the approach of the red man,
who lies concealed in ambush for a favorable
opportunity to attack, without incurring much
danger.   Not only this, sir, but there is a pecu-
liarity in the face of the country rendering any
effort, in the summer season, to subdue the Sem-
inóles difficult and uncerta n      The low lands,
th  interminable swamps of that country, afford
ampl<- security to the native Indian; his habits of
bving being plain and simple, are easily supplied.
Under such prospects, who can say when hostil-
ities in that quarter are to end'   But, above all,
who will undertake to mention the sum of money
that will be expended in that contest' Nor is it
m Floridi thit indicitions of the most alarming ]
chpracterarebecomingdiily more manifest. Look ,
to th * Cieik Indians in \labimaandon the fron-
tier of Gtirgia A tribe, not contemptible in
numbtrs, with all the feelings of íestlcss discon-
tent, in the midst of whom is scattered here and
there jour own citizens, unprotected by military
force Instigattd, as those Indians doubtless will
be, by the failure of the Florida campaign, to acts
of cruelty, can we but foresee in all this, abundant
ciuse to preserve untouched the sinews of war'
Are we to div do the last dollar in your Treas-
ury, when the next mail from the South may
tell you that thousands of the Creek Indians are
embodied and in the field, spreading desolation
far and wide ' Should a war break out with the
Creeks, of which I can have but little doubt, will
gentlemen tell me how many millions it will take
to put them dow n and remove them to the West'
Not like the Seminóles, few and weak, the Creeks
number, perhaps, not less than five thousand war-
riors Such force, with concert of action, will
desolate the whole of the country now occupied
by themselves and the whites in common, before
efficient aid can be called to check them.
But there is another demand upon your treasure
that cannot be longer postponed without a total
disregard of the obligations of the Government to
one of your States. Let it not be forgotten that
as far back as 1802, the Federal Government en-
tered into certain stipulations for the removal of
the Indians within the limits of Georgia so soon
as the same could be done peaceably In consid-
eration of this compact Georgia ceded to the Fed-
eral Government an immense tract of country.
I will not say how that promise has been re-
deemed, but l will say that it has been permitted
to rest and to slumber until the present Admin-
istration has succeeded in effecting two treaties,
the last of which is now before the Senate for
ratification It may be, sir, that the fate of that
treaty is known to gentlemen, and that the sum
of $5,500,000 that it provides for the payment to
the Indians for their country is to be divided
among the States, and the rights of Georgia to
the quiet possession of the Cherokee lands are
still to sleep; but I hope that question will soon
be settled, and if so, gentlemen will perceive that
the demand upon your Treasury, arising from
that and other Indian treaties, will not fall far
short of eight million dollars.                                   i
Nor is it alone, sir, the indications of approach-
ing difficulties on our own continent that admon-
ish us both to prepare, by a wise and judicious
plan of public defense, and by a prudent saving
of our treasure; but the leading Powers of the
Old World occupy, at this moment, a position
full of interest to us.    I believe that a contest
between Russia on the one hand, and England
and France on the other, is not far  distant.
Should such a contest arise, who can foresee its
influence upon this continent'  Who will under-
take to say, in such a fearful conflict, what addi-
tional force to our Navy may become necessary
in order to enable us to protect our commerce,
and to preserve that neutrality which has been,
and will doubtless continue to be, the policy of
this Government'    Whenever the period shall
arrive that these great Powers of Europe shall
engage ,n a war, when the principles involved are
constitutional government on the one hand and
unlimited dominion on the other, no one can fore-
see the period of its termination or its influence
on the policy of every commercial nation on the
globe.  One thing strikes me as recommended by
every prudential consideration for our own safety,
happiness, and prosperity—that we should look
well to all the means necessary to put our Navy
on a respectable footing, to be able to assert and
maintain the just rights of a neutral power; but
this cannot be done if we unwisely distribute the
means of doing it.   I have, Mr. Chairman, de-
tained the committee longer than I intended in
showing that it was our first duty to provide for
the public defense, secondly, in demonstrating
that there would not be a permanent surplus rev-
enue; and thirdly, if there should be, we were,
for the reasons which I have presented to the
consideration of the committee, admonished to
husband up that burplus to meet any sudden
crisis of which I have given the indications.
Mr Chairman, I must now invoke the indul-
gence of the committee for the time I shall con-
sume in offering some considerations in answer
to a certain poition of a speech delivered to the
committee, on the naval appropriation bill by the
honoiable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Thompson ] I had intended to have answered,
as far as I was able, several grounds assumed by
that honorable member, but being unable to
obtain the floor until many gentlemen had ad-
dressed the committee, some of whom, and par-
ticularly my honoiable friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Garland,] have veiy fully answered the promi-
nent arguments advanced by that gentleman, I
shall confine myself to a few of his remarks,
which either have escaped the attention of those
who have preceded me, or have r>ot been so fully
replied to as I believe they should be. The hon-
orable gentleman reminded the committee " that
the President of the United States was rapidly
passing from the stage of public action, and is
about to assume his station in history." The
honorable gentleman " would not anticipate what
that station would be; he felt that he was not an
impartial judge." Sir, I noticed this remark of
the honorable gentleman, not for censure, but to
return him a similar acknowledgment of the grat-
itude which I, in common with all the friends of
the President, must feel in this manifestation of
generous forbearance, by withholding that which
was so completely in his power to do. Sir, had
the honorable member " have anticipated that
station in history" which the President is to fill
can any one wl o knows that honorable member
have doubted but, in despite of fate, that station,
and that alone, would have been the one which
the President would fill' Sir, for this charitable
forbearance, so worthy the heart and the head,
let the honorable member receive a nation's grat-
itude. Future historians may now assume their
office; the faithful chronicler of an after day may
now venture to tell posterity " the station in his-
tory" the President of the United States did fill,
but surely none would have dared to have done
so had that station been "anticipated" by the
honorable member.
The gentleman from South Carolina, next in
the order of his argument, presented a table con-
taining the various estimates from the different
Departments upon which bills have been reported.
The avowed object of this table was to exhibit
to the people of this Union the gross inequality
of the public disbursements, and to show that
' now, as tiie gentleman contended, as through all
past time, there had been a certain favored section
of the country that had shared all the bounties
and protection of the Government. The gentle-
man seemed to place great reliance upon the
results, as exhibited by his table, and broke off
on a sudden with all that honest indignation that
naturally arises in a sensitive bosom upon the
detection of a stupendous fiaud, into a eulogy
upon the patriotism of the South and West; spoke
most handsomely of theirattachmentto the Union,
but availed himself of the opportunity to give
notice that his table had exhibited " appalling
facts, that deserved the consideration of the South
and West," and that if the system which his
table had exposed was to become the settled policy
of the country, that you would thereby " an-
< nounce that this Government is one which no
' man from the South or West would desire to
• perpetuate, but one who was born to be a slave,
«and deserved his destiny."
Such language excited in my mind the most
lively apprehension that there really existed some
permanent, fatal, alarming inequality, grossly
umust, and calling for prompt and efficient cor-
rection. And with the view of examining a ques-
tion of so much moment, started by the gentle-
man's famous labU of alarm, as if the gentleman
had aspired to no higher object than to frighten
himself, and set to a new tune sentiments that
have been chanted for a long time from a certain
quarter of the Union, he divides our maritime
frontier into as many divisions as was a certain
army of late, calling one the north Atlantic, in-
cludmp- in that division Virginia and Maryland,
and the whole of the middle and eastern States-,
another the south Atlantic, and the remaining
division the Gulf of Mexico. By this division
the gentleman from South Carolina made a line
