1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
21th Cong....1st Sess.
of wnJ'cme feeling alike dingerous to himself
and to 'us country Maik. sir, in the shoit peuod
t,ii! inurveiu'd octwcen Ins broach with General
Jvl^O'i and the issuing of his famous '• expose,"
tne iaptd projrt ss, the vv iilt'-cxtcndt'd,and a! um-
hij: ran;?!' 01 discontent tli.it pervidcd every por-
tion ot me South \v Here his influence could be
exeru d , but, above a'l, note the doctnne asserted
and maintained in that expose. No longer did we
hear the true doctnne in relation to the Federal
and S ue authorities, as asserted by the Legisla-
ture ot South Caiolma in lbJS. It wis then the
fashionable, the received, the cherished doctrine,
that each State was within itself absolutely sov-
ereign and independent; and he who could not
subscribe to this faith was, at home and abroad,
denounced as a vile " submissiomst," either m-
capaule of understanding, or otherwise too timid
to assert, his rights. Sir, is it not strange that
Mr. Calhoun, with acknowledged powersof intel-
lect, whose life, almost from boyhood, had been
devoted to the public service, whose habit of
study and pursuit of business had led him to a
thorough and intimate acquaintance, not only
with the Constitution, and the practices of the
Government created by that Constitution, but
with the opinions of all those apostles of liberty
whose writings and principles have been the boast
of all true patriots, and honored by the heartfelt
gratitude of millions of freemen, should all tins
time have been groping in the dark, and never
have discovered until after his rupture with Gen-
eral Jackson the true principles of the Constitu-
tion—the true relation between the Federal and
State governments J
Look, sir, at the course of events in a certain
portion of the South, from May, 1330, to the
summer of 1S32. The people that had once been
quiet, happy, and contented — devoted to the
Union, devoted to the institutions of the country,
suddenly assuming an attitude alarming to the
integrity, the peace, and happiness of the whole
nation. I must not say what master spiiit di-
rected the storm. It is a part of the history of
your country. From discontent to remonstrance,
from remonstrance whole regiments were armed,
organized, and prepared to march at a moment's
warning, to assert in a most " peaceful and con-
stitutional manner" the unconstitutionality of the
tariff law. Yes, sir, it was then the motto of the
party attached to the interest of Mr. Calhoun, in
South Carolina, " millions for defense—not one
cent for protection." All this, not until after
that fatal feud between Mr. Calhoun and General
Jackson, in which collision, hope, and expect-
ation long cherished for the first office in this
nation, suddenly vanished, and this "command- i
jng figure" in receding from his position with
his party, could but behold the rising form of
anoiher'greater than himself, (Mr. Van Buren.)
This was more than the proud spirit and feverish
aspirations of the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina could endure. From that moment |
he resolved that it should be sooner written of <
htm " that he was," than he should live una-
venged for his sudden and unexpected reverse in
the tide of fortune. And never did man prose-
cute with more unrelenting zeal the idol of his |
ambition than Mr. Calhoun. Sir, with what per-
fect facility he abandons one system of principles
and adopts others; to-day, denouncing the prin-
ciples of the protecting system — to-morrow,
greeting with a hearty welcome the friends, nay
more, the father of that system: to-day, the able
and eloquent advocate on the floor of Congiess
of the rights of minorities; but yesterday, at
home in the bosom of his community, crushing
beneath the iron hand of despotism the most
sacred of all tne rights of minorities—the rights
of conscience.
Such, Mr. Chairman, is a brief history of the
eventful period between May, 1830, and the
action of Congress in 1833, in which the Senators
from Kentucky and South Carolina played that
part which drew forth the eulogy of the honor-
able gentleman, [Mr. Thompson.] And, sir, I
ask this committee and the nation, what was the
respective parts of each,and thecreditdue them,
for the h< ttlement of that deeply absoibing ques-
tion' Will this committee refuse, or will the
nation refuse, to hear the testimony furnished at
that important crisis by the Senators from Ken-
]efense of the Administration—Mr.
tucky and South Carolina' Let it not be for-
gotten that the bioad ground assumed in the
whole contioveisy in the South, in which Mr.
Calhoun took the ltad on one side, was, that a
tariff of protection was unconstitutional, and that
the act of 1832 was for the avowed purpose of
protection to our own manufactures, as well as
for revenue,and, theiefoie, unconstitutional, null,
and void, and of no binding influence upon the
people of the States. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mi. Ctiv] unifoimly maintained the reverse of
this doctnne. And, sir, it was with pnnciples
so directly opposite that the two great statesmen,
and, in the hnguage of the honorable gentleman
from South Caiolina, [Mr. Thompson,] "those
two great minds which have for the last twenty-
five yeais so gloriously illustrated the history of
their country," took their position in the Senate
of the United States for the purpose of settling
this great question. Now, sir, arises an import-
ant inquiry, that every man in the United States
should understand, what was the course that con-
sistency demanded of each of these great minds,
on this great occasion? Would it occur to any
that, for the purpose of settling this question,
there would be a total abandonment of all prin-
ciple, on the one side, and no sacrifice of principle
on the other' How was a compromise to be
effected between such talented and incorruptible
patriots"' Why, sir, from the position of the
Senator from South Carolina, " that millions for
defense, but not one cent for protection," one
would have supposed Ins object would have been I
to have puisued, as far as possible, his principles,
for, if true to himself, and the principle of pro-
tection was preseived in the compromise bill, the
obligation of his oath, as Senator of the United
States, would have constrained him to have voted
against all measures not authorized by, or in
violation of, that instrument.                                    |
But, sir, the remaining inquiry is, did Mr.
Calhoun vote for the tariff act of 1S33> And
does that act contain the principle of protection?
That he did vote for the bill the Journals estab-
lish. That it does contain the principle of pro-
tection is as fully and distinctly admitted by the
act itself, as if it had been written in so many
words on the face of the bill. But I will not stop
the proof at this. I will introduce the testimony
of Mr. Clay, which will appear from the follow-
ing portion of his speech, delivered at the same
time and on the same memorable occasion of the
compromise. Mr. Clay says, " pass this bill,
tranquillize the country, restore confidence and
affection in the Union, and I am willing to go
home to Ashland, and renounce public life for-
ever." The Senator from Kentucky must have
been quite sincere, when, for the sake of passing
the tariff, he would abandon public life forever.
The bill passed, and how Mr. Clay has renounced
public service, let the Journals of the Senate
speak.
It may be that he has kept this promise to the
spirit, by confining his action to what he may
consider private, rather than "public service."
But, sir, 1 am quite sure he never felt a deeper
concern in the success of any measuie than in
that of the bill he was then advocating; and there-
fore his reasons, the motives that operated upon
him, and the important disclosures he made,
urged with all his transcendent powers of per-
suasion, are entitled to very grave consideiation
in settling the pretensions of different gentlemen
for the project that was to restore the just rights
1 of the South and the North, and to tranquillize
the public mind. Mr. Clay says in his speech,
1 Feoruary 25, 1833, on the tariff:                              ,
1     " The friends of free trade insist that duties should be
i laid in reference to revenue alone.   The friends of Amen-
I can industry say that another, if not paramount, object, in
laying them, should be to diminish the consumption of lor-
eign, and increase tliat of domestic products    On this point
the parties divide, and between these two opposite opin-
ions, a reconciliation is to be effected, if it can be accom-
I phshed     The bill assumes, as a basis, adequate protection I
tor nine j< ars, and less beyond that time "                        [
"The friends ot p oteetion say to their opponents, we
are willing to take a lea^e of nine year>. in'AfAe Jon cAap ,
tcr of accidents hetjoiid that period, including the chance of
i m, the restoration of concord, and along with ita convic-
tion common to all. of the mility of protection; and in con
sidcration of it, if in 1842 none of thc-e considerations shall
hace been realized, we are willing to submit, as long as
i Congress shall think proper, to a maximum rate of tvvcniy i
per cent., vvul. a power of discrimination below it, cash I
Ho. of Reps.
duties, home valuation , and -llib-ril list of free articles for
the benefit of the nianulactuung mtere-t "
Mr. Clay in the same speech says:
" That it is far from the object of those who support th«
bill to abandon or surrender the poliev oi prottcting Amer-
ican índu-tn. Ita protection or encouragement may be
accomph-htd in vauous iviv  "
And then he proceeds to point out the different
modes of protection; and, finally, Mr. Clay uses
this emphatic language:
" Now, Mr President, befoie the assertion is made that
the bill surrender-! the piotective policy, gentlemen should
understand perlectly what it does not, as well as what it
does propose."
This is the testimony of Mr. Clay to two
points, important in themselves, fully establish-
ing the fact, that the act of 1833 was supported
by the fnends of the American system, but upon
the broad ground that the bill recognized and
fully asseited the principle of absolute adequate
protection for nine years, and, secondly, carried
with it the long chapter of accidents beyond that
ptnod.
Sir, these opinions were made in argument;
were they ever denied ? Did the Senator from
South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) rise in his place,
and deny that the bill contained the principles
against which he had rallied the South' Yes,
sir, not rallied merely, but had urged them on
until their feelings were lashed into such excite-
ment by the repeated denunciation of the oppies-
sion and unconstitutionality of the tariff, that law,
order, and government were on the verge of ruin.
And yet Mr. Calhoun himself believing, as he
has professed to believe, that the tariff of 1832,
with the same principles in 1833, was against the
Constitution, not only votes foi the act of 1833,
but says:
" When the Senator from Kentucky fir«t introduced the
bill, lie (Mr € ) then said that he approved of the prm"ipie,
and that he thought no satisfactory adjustment could take
place but on time—-tune to afford the manulatturers to ac-
commodate their bu^nes^ to the clungp which mu«t follow
the adju-tment of the duties. He still remained of the same
opinion."
Sir, it should be well understood, and distinctly
known,the part that these "greatminds"played,
not only at the compromise, but before. The
one, the author of a system; the other, first its
advocate, then its enemy; and, finally, when he
had a personal difficulty with the President of
the United States, and saw and felt that he no
longer deserved, or could safely calculate on, the
support of the entire party attached to the Admin-
istration, he avails himself of the discontent pre-
vailing on the subject of the tariff in the South,
asserts its unconstitutionality, prepares the minds
of his constituents to resist the enforcement of
the law within (he limits of his State, peaceably
if they could, but forcibly if necessary; and then,
in the face of the world, meets Mr. Clay in the
Senate, Mr. Clay maintaining boldly the bill was
for adequate protection for nine years, with a long
chapter of accidents, and Mr. Calhoun íesponding.
When the Senator from Kentucky first introduced
the bill, he (Mr. C.) then said "that he approved
of the principle.''' I leave these facts to speak for
themselves. If any man on earth requires more
proof to establish upon these " two great minds"
political juggling, political intrigue, for purposes
of the most unholy ambition, he need not expect
to find it in the review of the life of political men,
men who stand preeminent for ability, and who
wei"h the effect of every movement before it is
taken. Look, sir, at the great prize for which
I " these great minds and commanding figures
have been running. Why, I need not here repeat
whateveryintelligentcitizen of the Union knows,
that it is nothing more nor less than the Execu-
tive seat that has operated upon and directed
every political movement of their lives; and so
powerful has been the charm, that one of the
gentlemen has made two indifferent runs before
the people; the other was announced as being
ready to make a trial, but was discovered not to
have sufficient strength to start. And, sir, can it
be a matter of surprise that, true to their purpose,
each in his own way taking his course, every
consideration of the public interest, safety, and
happiness, is to yield to their purposes; or, in
I conformity with their settled plan of operation,
I they will crush and destroy whatever obstacle,
