390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
be it man or be it principle, that may interpose
the slightest obstacle to their attainment of this
object?                         .              ...
I shall not, Mr. Chairman, add much more to
what I have said in relation to the political course
of the gentlemen who were presented to the com-
mittee as the authors of the only practicable plan
of disposing of the public revenue. I have shown
enough to deter any prudent man from following
their lead on this subject. But there is yet more
to be said, calculated to shed additional suspicion
upon the whole plan, and to prove that the opinion
of one of the gentlemen (Mr. Calhoun) has un-
dergone a rapid and extraordinary change since
the time of the compromise. Ab,out that time,
Mr. Calhoun thus expressed himself:
" There is another aspect in which this subject may be
viewed. We all remember how early the question of the
surplus revenue began to agitate the country. At a very
early period, a ¡Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Dickerson)
presented his scheme for disposing of it, by distributing it
nmong the States. The first message of the President rec-
ommended a similar project, which was followed up by a
movement on the part of the Legislature of New York,
and T believe some of the other States. The public atten-
tion was aroused ; the scheme scrutinized; its gross uncon-
stitutionality and injustice, and its dangerous tendency—its
tendency to aisoTÍ  the power and existence of the State —
were clearly perceired and denounced; the denunciation was .
too deep to be resisted, and the scheme was abandoned."
This is the language, this the deliberately ¡
formed and expressed opinion of Mr. Calhoun, !
on the subject of the distribution of the surplus I
revenue, within the short,period of three years.
And could any gentleman believe, that now, at
this moment, in the face of this recorded opinion,
he has introduced, is advocating and urging, an
amendment of the Constitution, for the avowed
Imrpose of establishing the very scheme which
íe said "had been scrutinized, its dangerous
tendency—its tendency to absorb the power and
existence of the States—clearly perceioed and de-
nounced," and so strong that denunciation that
the scheme had been abandoned? One of two
conclusions is irresistibly forced upon the mind:
either that there is some splendid project to be ac-
complished, favorable to the views of himself and
Mr. Clay, or else, if it has been an honest change
of opinion, he is an uncertain, unsafe, vacillating
pilot, not to be trusted in a tempest—under any
aspect of the case, he stands contradicted. And
whether the opinions then expressed or now en-
tertained, are to regulate his action on the subject,
is beyond the reach of human wisdom. Then,
sir, let not the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina array this "commanding figure" and
"great mind," as one worthy to lead in the ac-
complishment of this project, which I firmly be-
lieve would " absorb the power and existence of
the States;" and believing that to be the inevitable
effect, I shall for thatreason and others, resist as
far as I can, any measure, from any and every
quarter, the effect of which would be so disas-
trous to the existence of the States.
Allow me, Mr. Chairman, to notice one other
consideration arising out of the remarks of the
honorable member from South Carolina. It has
been a contested point with some portion of the
people of the South, as to whom was entitled the
credit of settling the tariff question on the prin-
ciples of the compromise. I have heard it said
by some, that the honor of that settlement be-
longed to the party of the Senator from South
Carolina, and upon that Senator's course. Sir,
I am not ambitious of claiming the honor for any
friend. There is no principle in the famous com-
promise that is better than the act of 1632. It is
true that it is a modification, some reduction; yet
it contains some features of a most hateful con-
trivance, and so artfully adjusted, for the interest
of the manufacturer, that with many practical
men it is believed to be as favorable as the act of
1832.
But, sir, be the credit great or small, it is neither
due to Mr. Clay nor Mr. Calhoun, and to that
point I will again refer to the testimony of Mr.
Clay, as given to the nation in his speech of Feb-
ruary 25, 1833. Mr. Clay addressed the Senate
as follows:
"Mr. President, I want to be perfectly understood as to
the motives which have prompted me to offer this measure.
I repeat what I said on the introduction of it, that they are
first to preserve the manufacturing interest; and,secondly,
to quiet the country.   I believe the American system to be '
in the greatest danger, and I believe it can be placed on a
bettci and «afir foundation at this session than at the next.
I heard, with surprise, my fnenil from Massachusetts gay
that nothing had occurred within the last six months to
increase its hazard. I entreat luin to review that opinion.
Is it correct? is the issue of the numerous elections, includ-
ing that of the highest officer of the Government, nothing?
Is Ins declaration, in his proclamation, that the burdens of
the South ought to be relieved, nothing? Is the introduc-
tion of the bill in the House of liepresentatives during this
session, sanctioned by the head of the Treasury and the
Administration, prostrating the greater part of the manu-
factures of the country, nothing?
: "It is well known that the majority of the dominant
party is adverse to the tariff. There are many honorable
exceptions, the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Dickerson]
among them. Hut for the exertions of the other party, the
tariff would have been long since sacrificed. Now, let us
look at the composition of the two branches of Congress at
the next session. In this body we lose three friends of the
protective policy, without being sure of gaining one. Here,
judging from the present appearances, we shall, at the
I next session, be in the minority. In the House, it is noto-
; rious that there isa considerable accession to the number
of the dominant party. How, then, I ask, is the system to
be sustained against numbers, against the whole weight of
the Administration ?"
1    Mr. Chairman, if the declarations of Mr. Clay
are authority on any question, and I am sure
none will pretend to deny it, he has placed the
whole question of the reduction of the tariff on a
footing the most flattering to the Administration.
Yes, sir, it was the unremitting efforts of the
1 President to arouse the people in every quarter
of the Union to a proper view of the rights of all,
that had a moral influence upon public opinion,
irresistible, and tending directly to bring into
Congress those representatives who would give
efficient aid to his Administration in carrying out
his opinions in relation to the tariff.   Unfortu-
nately for the country, when the strength of the
Administration was nearly, if not quite, sufficient
:' to carry the measure reported from the head of
! the Treasury Department, a measure which Mr.
Clay says would have prostrated the greater part
of the manufacturing interests, Mr. Clay and
Mr. Calhoun conceived the project of forming
; an alliance, and instead of Mr. Calhoun's advo-
cating the principles of the bill reported from the
Treasury Department, he prefers to unite with
Mr. Clay in his project, thereby deserting the
interest of the South for the noble and patriotic
motive of depriving the Administration of the
credit of settling this great and fearful question.
But, fortunately for the age and the country, Mr.
Clay has placed it fairly before the world, and
the honor will be, as it should be, awarded to the
faithful and deserving.
1     There is, Mr. Chairman, one other connection
in which I desire to notice these " commanding
figures."   I cannot but look back to the com-
mencement of this Congress, when expectation
deep and intense pervaded every part of our coun-
: try on the subject of our relations with France;
; nor can I suppress the feelings of surprise I have
I always felt that Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Clay, who
i so triumphantly maintained, in the councils of
j their country, the honor of the nation in 1812,
should, at this day, be willing, through the per-
1 son of the Chief Magistrate, to inflict a stain upon
I our national escutcheon by withholding from the
! Executive that aid he had a right to expect from
j | every patriot, when the honor of the country was
, involved.   The man in thi.s nation that would for
j one moment hesitate, when the absurd pretension
is put up by a foreign power, that for language
used in a communication to Congress, they have
a right to demand explanations as a condition to
the performance of a treaty stipulation,  must
have lost all that elevated, ardent, and patriotic
devotion for the honor and character of the na-
tion that would characterize the man who, in the
hour of peril, would be on the side of his coun-
try.
Mr. Chairman, having shown the present con-
dition of your Treasury, its probable condition
for the next two or three years, (to say nothing
of the rapid decrease that must suddenly ensue
under the operation of the tariff, that hangs sus-
pended for years, yielding up but a tenth per
annum until the appointed period, when it sud-
denly falls six tenths of the excess over twenty
per cent, within six months,) having shown the
causes that will most certainly produce a decrease
for the years of 1836 and 1837, and, perhaps, for
after years; having shown the revenue from im-
ports as well as from the sale of public lands; and
having also shown the part now playing by those
"commanding figures," and "great minds" in
relation to the revenue, I shall now call the atten-
tion of the committee to the argument of the
honorable member from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
with a view to prove that it must have been his
opinion, so far from there being a surplus rev-
enue, that if the system of public defense, as
recommended by the President and the heads
of the Departments, should become the policy of
the nation, your resources would be exhausted,
and the financial operations of the Government
changed.
The honorable member from Tennessee, in his
printed speech, says, "The first inevitable re-
' suit of this policy, (alluding to the system of
' defense now under consideration,) if it shall be
' sanctioned by Congress, will be the introduc-
' tion, in a short period, of an increased and op-
' pressive system of taxation." The honorable
member further says, that " the public lands are
* now in such a rapid state of exhaustion, that
' very soon we shall find our revenue from this
' quarter reduced to a million or less."
Sir, I trust, with at least a portion of this
House and the people of this Union, the warning
voice of that distinguished gentleman will not be
disregarded. He has told us what would be the
consequence of that system of defense which this
Administration has not recommended, which no
gentleman, so far as I know, has proposed, and
which no friend of the measures of the President
would support. Whether it was his policy, in
imitation of the example set by the member
from South Carolina, to make a statement of the
amount of public expenditures for extraordinary
purposes, so large that he might become alarmed
himself, and, in the office of true charity, frighten
his friends and followers, I neither do say nor
pretend to allege. But it may be said, and I un-
dertake to maintain, that there is no system of
public defense recommended by the President,
or any portion of the friends of this Adminis-
tration, whereby an expenditure of ten millions
per annum is proposed to be voted as imagined
by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Sir, the utmost limit upon the largest scheme,
as proposed by any and all the Departments,
would not far exceed one half of the amount laid
down by the gentleman. If, then, I am not mis-
taken in this view of the case, I may claim the
authority of the gentleman's name against the
wild and dangerous project of distribution, as
well as the system of defense which he supposes
to be acceptable to the Administration, and still
save the system which has been actually pro-
posed by the party supporting the Administra-
tion from all the censure and odium so unsparingly-
heaped upon it by that gentleman and others.
Sir, that honorable member should have well
deliberated—he should have well considered the
ground he has himself so long occupied before
the American people in reference to the measures
of this Administration before he ventured forth
in a crusade which could only be intended to tear
down the very principles he had contributed so
much to build up. The gentleman should have
remembered that there are blows to receive as
well as to give, and that however pacific and for-
bearing are those whose pleasure it once was, as
it still would be, to act with him on all important
measures connected with the Administration of
the Federal Government, still they have feelings,
rights, and principles which they cannot suffer to
be lashed either by an open enemy or by pre-
tended friends.
Sir, in the honorable gentleman's own lan-
guage, I desire not to be misunderstood before
the committee or elsewhere. My purpose is to
do precisely what the gentleman himself desired
should be done; to answer the points he has
raised, to meet the charges he has preferred, with-
out evasion. In the little I shall say, I shall
avoid so much of the argument of the honorable
member from Tennessee as was answered, and
most triumphantly in my opinion, by my es-
teemed friend the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garland.] I will not attempt to
occupy ground taken by him. To do so would
weaken, rather than strengthen, the view pre-
sented by that gentleman. Nor do I regret that
my friend from Virginia has preceded me, for his
