392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
fhey proposed a rule for the order of business
here, which was, in their judgment, imperiously I
demanded, from our defenseless condition and a
full view of our foreign rel uions. Now, will any I
gentleman pretend to say that, with a knowledge
of the failure of the appropriation bill of the last
year, with the wretched state of every branch of
our public defenses, with the daily prospects of
a collision with France, it was not our first duty
to take up, consider, and pass the appropriation
bills necessary for the public service ? Was it
the duty of this House to have acted on these
various bills, or to let them sleep until the end of
the session? Why, sir, I venture to affirm that
there never was a ru le more imperiously demanded
bvthe public interest than the one which has re-
ceived such uncalled for and unwarrantable cen-
sure and condemnation from the honorable gen-
tleman. The gentleman also contended that if
the spirit of the resolution regulating the order of
business of the 26th January, was carried out,
" that it would result in the reenactment of the
sedition laws of 1798." He says that the resolu-
tion of the House and the sedition law contained
the same principle; the object of each was "to
suppress discussion and to prevent attacks upon
the party in power."
Sir, I should really be inclined, from this broad
assertion, to suppose that the honorable member
could not be greatly dissatisfied with the prin-
ciples of the sedition laws; for, if he should have
succeeded in showing the principles of the one
to be identical with those of the other, I think
the Journal of the House, and the minutes of the
Committee of the Whole, will show that, so far
from the rule suppressing discussion, it has been
enlarged and extended to the utmost verge. Why,
sir, the gentleman's own case is a happy and
triumphant refutation of his assertion. I ask the
honorable member to tell the nation how long he
discussed one proposition in relation to one of
the appropriation bills. Pour successive days,
sir, did he enjoy the privilege of saying any and
everything he chose to say, upon any and every
topic he thought proper to discuss, and yet, sir,
'" the spirit of the rule, if carried out by the party
in power," he asserts, would result in the reen-
actment of the sedition laws of 1798! But the
honorable gentleman says one of the " objects of
the rule was to prevent attacks upon the party
in power." The rule, sir, has been equally
unfortunate in that respect, and if the honorable
gentleman could have allowed himself but one
moment of reflection, in this very assertion was
to be found a fact directly at variance with the
point he was laboring to establish. What, sir,
prevent attacks upon the party in power! What
else has the minority done during this entire
session ? Have they introduced any measure,
proposed any project, for legislative action or
inquiry, but with the view of fulminating denun-
ciations, unjust, unwarrantable, and such as were
never before witnessed in any deliberative body,
against theparty? And pray, sir, who is the party,
and who is it that is eternally arrayed against
that party ? Why, it is the indefinite party, com-
posed of advocates of the tariff, internal improve-
ments, the bank, the nullifying party, and above
all, the " no-party party." Each with principles
professedly opposite, irreconcilable with each
other, are now seen united under a common flag,
waging an eternal, unrelenting war against the
party. Why, in such a contest, " the parly,"
from the fact that their principles are defined,
avowed, open, and undisguised, have much to
fear. Why, sir, if " the party" make a blow at
that branch of the indefinite party professing the
principles of the American system, you are an-
swered by gentlemen professing the doctrines of
nullification, and during the scuffle that ensues
between them, the American system gentlemen
skulk out of the contest, take their position on
some commanding eminence, and there snugly
remain until the battle is over, when they return
to their friends, the Nullifiers, and offer them
their smiles, and look so piteously concerned,
that the bold Nullifier can but feel his utter dis-
gust. Just so with the remaining parties; the
one, regardless of consequences, rushes to the
fight, but are no sooner engaged than their allies
take a distance, which is well observed, until
danger passes oflf, when they, in turn, approach
the battle-ground, a fierce and brave little band,
whose maxim it is to share all the honors, with-
out incurring any of the dangers of war. Sir, I
have been compelled to this review of the state
of the Opposition (who I call the indefinite party,
in contradistinction to "the party") from the
language of the honorable member from Tennes-
see. " I believe (says he) there are many indi-
' viduals who do not accord with the present
' course of the party to which they belong, upon
' many questions, who cannot long abide their
' party connections; and, sir, if I possessed the
' power of exorcism upon this occasion, I would
' bid them instantly come out from among their
' uncongenial elements and associates, with which
• they are at present united." Now, sir, I ask
the honorable member, which wing of this Oppo-
sition would he have us join? Is it his party?
If so, I have never yet heard an avowal of their
creed. Ido not know the principles they profess.
All that I do know is, that they are opposed to
the Administration. I must therefore take his
recommendation on trust, or refuse the politeness
of his offer. Am I to join the nullification party?
They do not want it; they do not wish to divide
the glory of the enterprise; there will not be more
honor in the end than will meet the demands of
the present members of that party. But again,
they have others that would receive a preference.
Under no circumstances, therefore, would the
dissatisfied of the dominant party receive quarters
in their camp. Shall we join the American sys-
tem party, and thereby keep company with the
balance of the family of the Opposition ? Why,
sir, that is impossible; our early habits, our
deliberate judgment of the best interests of the
country, our own interest, founded upon justice,
constrain us to refuse a connection with this
portion of the Opposition—selfish, cold, and cal-
culating inrevery movement, we should expect to
be reduced to absolute want and beggary in a
very short time in their company.
Now, sir, having shown the objections to join-
ing an y of the different portions of the Opposi tion,
but one of two things seems to me proper for
such as may not be entirely satisfied with every
measure of the Administration—to lop off" and
constitute a fourth division of the Opposition upon
some particular political tenet, which, according
to my observation, is no sooner settled than
promptly deserted, or stay where we are; instead
of opposing every measure, right or wrong, to
give a cordial support to such measures as we
believe are right, and a manly, independent, and
firm opposition to those we believe to be wrong.
For one, I shall on all and every occasion give
my support or opposition to each particular meas-
ure that may come before me as 1 believe con-
ducive to the public good; and though it is of no
consequence either to the honorable member from
Tennessee or any one else, yet I do not hesitate
in saying, whenever this Government shall be
administered upon other than the cardinal princi-
ples of the present Administration, as I under-
stand them and firmly believe them to be, I shall
be found among those who will have firmness
enough to take a stand against that Administra-
tion. But, sir, in such a position I will not hold
communion with a party, or the fragment of a
party, whose principles are equally or more ob-
jectionable than the principles of the Adminis-
tration to which I may be opposed. Sir, there
is a glory in political consistency that far sur-
passes the fleeting honors that are conferred and
withdrawn, according to popular whim. Perhaps
it is to that alone a political man should look to
compensate him in the hour of desertion. The
history of our own country and our own age ad-
monishes all that the man of this day is sunk in
oblivion to-morrow; andsurely his greatest solace
in such an extremity is, that in all he has done
his conscience approves the motive, and his judg-
ment affirms his consistency.
It is well remembered, Mr. Chairman,that the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Bell] let no argu-
ment escape him that, in his judgment, would
excuse, authorize, orjustify the attack which he
made on the Administration; and hence the ex-
traordinary position he assumed before the com-
mittee, " that President making" should become
a regular part of the legislative proceedings of
this House.   To avoid doing any injustice to the
argument of the gentleman, I will give his own
words.    He says:
" If any one shall object to tins discussion because it
savors of President making; if any gentleman t-'n ill he de-
luded by the opinion that topic-, dnectly connected with ihe
politics of the day should be e.\ehuled Irom this Hall. I a~k
him to reflect for a moment upon the fact that no subject
at tins day, of importance, does or can ari^e in Congress
which is not sustained or opposed, and finally decided, up.m
principles and motires whuli enter direclly and deeply into
the presidential canvass, and ultimately decide the issue,"
Now, sir, here is a charge, coupled with a con-
fession, in which the honorable member has cer-
tainly placed the Opposition in a position before
the country which 1 could scarcely have supposed
one so elevated, disinterested, and patriotic in his
course as that honorable member, could have
consented to occupy. What is that confession,
sir, and what is the position the members of this
House must occupy before their constituents, if
the gentleman is correct? He tells you, that no
subject of importance does or can arise in Congress
which is not sustained or opposed, and finally decided
upon principles and motives which enter directly and
deeply into the presidential canvass, and ultimately
decide the issue. Sir, if this be true, the gentle-
man must establish that " President making" is
a part of our regular legislative duties under the
Constitution, sanctioned and approved by the
Constitution, which I undertake to say no man
can seriously, in a moment of cool deliberation,
believe; or, otherwise, he has branded every
member of this House with a violation of his
oath.
What, sir, h\as it come to this, that every meas-
ure is opposed and advocated with the direct view
of advancing the pretensions of some favorite to
the Chief Magistracy ? Sir, the gentleman who
can feel this charge to be true may well exclaim
that this is a corrupt and degenerate age; he may
well cry out that there is corruption in the land;
he may well denounce men and measures; he may
see and feel dangers that are unseen and unfelt by
those who are influenced by no such improper
motives. I would beg the honorable gentleman,
for the honor of all, for the honor of the nation,
not to inflict a mortal wound, by one thrust, upon
the standing of your legislative department of the
Government—not to prefer a charge against all
the members of this House, and plead guilty to
that charge in their names. If the opinion is
entertained by the gentleman either as to the
character of our legislation or the motives that in-
fluence members, I think our constituents should
begin to inquire into our duties as defined by the
Constitution; they should determine whether this
or the other, or both branches of Congress com-
bined, are required to make laws for their benefit,
or to make a President to rule them.
I can but say, Mr. Chairman, that I believe it
is no part of our legitimate duty to "sustain or
oppose, and finally decide, any question upon
principles and motives which enter directly and
deeply into the presidential canvass." And here,
sir, whilst I deny the principles and motives
charged by the gentleman from Tennessee as reg-
ulating my conduct, it is but fair to hold him to
a confession that he has thus voluntarily made.
And the honorable gentleman having made a con-
fession of this portion of his faith, 1 shall be
pleased to know if it was considered one of the
"original Jackson principles;"and if so, whether
this principle of legislating on the subject of
"President making" was known to an honora-
ble Senator from Tennessee, [H. L. White,]
when he opposed General Jackson's election to
the Senate of the United States, for fear that "it
would be believed that he was placed in Wash-
ington to electioneer for the Presidency?" But
to proceed in the honorable gentleman's own lan-
guage:
" It has of late become more important than at any former
period in the history of the Government, that this subject
of President making should be taken up seriously, and made
a part of the regular business of Congress."
Sir, it strikes me that the propriety of the course
now recommended by the honorable gentleman,
the principles he now seeks to establish as a part
of tiie creed of the Opposition, were not so well
understood in the first days of this Administra-
tion, or during the time the Chief Magistrate was
first a candidate, otherwise a distinguished gen-
tleman from Tennessee, (Hon. H. L. White,)
