396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of the Administration—Mr. Towns.
Ho. of Reps.
abuse of the nominating power, an attempt to
subvert the confirming power. Really it would
seem that the member from Tennessee thrust
forth his assertions and his arguments, as if they
were of that sacred character that neither admitted
of doubt or investigation. But, sir, the true secret
is, that a certain Senator from Tennessee has
played a hand during the present session of Con-
gress that requires some propping up under the
precise view that has been presented by the mem-
ber from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] That Senator
stands condemned and overwhelmed, unless he
can effect a retreat under the pretense that the
President has no power, under the Constitution,
to return upon the Senate the second time, the
same individual for the same office, after once
being refused. Sir, I am sincerely sorry that the
honorable member should have felt himself con-
strained to have U9ed language in relation to the
Administration party, that could notfailto wound
the sensibility of each member in his personal
character. For if I have misunderstood him, and
it should be that he intended nothing for the Chief
Magistrate, it only makes the proportion so much
the greater for the party.
The honorable gentleman was also understood
by me to insist, before this committee, that the
present Administration party had assumed a
ground directly at variance with the principle
upon which General Jackson was brought into
office, on the subject of caucuses and nominations
by means of conventions. He maintains that
" the original supporters of General Jackson ad-
* vocated his election against Mr. Crawford, the
' candidate nominated according to party usage,
' upon the ground that the practice of caucus
* nominations of a President of the United States,
* was a -violation of the spirit of the Constitu-
1 tion." Sir, as it has been my intention in all I
have said in answer to the member from Ten- j
nessee, to deal with the utmost possible fairness
with his arguments and statements, so I shall
continue to do in the few remarks I design to
make on this question. I apprehend that the
gentleman is somewhat mistaken as to the ground
on which Mr. Crawford was opposed by some of
the original supporters of General Jackson. It
should be remembered that the most, if not all
the candidates whose names were before the peo-
ple at the time of Mr. Crawford, were understood
to be members of the republican party. Mr.
Crawford, I well remember, was understood to
be the radical republican, for reason of real or
imputed doctrines he entertained upon the sub-
ject of retrenchment and reform. Well, sir, as
the member states, in pursuance of the custom
of that day, the members of Congress, to the
number of sixty-six or thereabouts, assembled in
this city at the appointed time to nominate a can-
didate for the office of Chief Magistrate. This
number constituted Mr. Crawford's strength, the
balance of the members was divided between
General Jackson, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] Messrs. Calhoun,Lowndes,
and Clay. The friends of these last gentlemen, as
I have always understood, protested against the
caucus, on the ground that Mr. Crawford received
a minority instead of a majority of the republican
party; and that, therefore, although he received
every vote that met in caucus, it was evident that
he was not the choice of a majority of his party.
What motives induced the respective friends of
the other gentlemen not to meet in caucus I can-
not say, further than the facts speak for them-,
selves and my recollection of the familiar story
of the day. It was a conviction that the friends
of either of the gentlemen would be in a minority;
and hence, that by the friends of the other can-
didates not entering into caucus, the nomination
of Mr. Crawford, as had been the custom, would
be prevented. The fact actually occurred, and as
often as it was said in behalf of Mr. Crawford
that he was the regularly nominated candidate,
as often was the assertion reiterated on the other
hand, that he was nominated by a minority of the
members of Congress of his own party. I can-
not undertake to say that this was the ground
urged in every portion of the Union; but from a
recollection not very distinct, I admit I am quite
satisfied that the minority nomination of the
members of Congress, so far from advancing the
interest of Mr. Crawford in the South, or con-
centrating the support of the republican party in |
that quarter, was regarded by many of that party ,
in no other light than an attempt by a minority
to force upon them an individual who was not
the choice of the majority, as had been the case
with all preceding nominations by members of
Congress.
It was this assumption of power on the part of
a minority of the members of Congress that
aroused the indignant feelings of the people; and
from that moment until of late there has been no
attempt that I know of on the part of any minor-
ity in Congress to nominate a candidate for Pres-
ident. Sir, I put it to the candor of the member
from Tennessee to say if himself and his honor-
able colleagues have not attempted to revive this
old and condemned mode of selecting a candidate
for President? Did not the delegation from Ten-
nessee, or a majority of them, meet in this city,
and determine to support Judge White ? Did not
that meeting constitute a caucus? Not only so,
sir, but if I understand the explanation given by
the gentleman to my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Garland,] he absolutely placed this meeting in
the worst possible point of view. The gentleman
in that explanation was understood to draw this
distinction between the meeting of the members
of the Tennessee delegation and caucuses; first,
that it was not a caucus, because there was no
regular notice given; because there was no chair-
man called to preside over the meeting; because
there was no appointment of secretary; because |
there was no record or minutes kept of their re-
solves, or the conclusions to which that meeting
arrived. Now, sir, if it be true, which I will not
be understood as questioning, that there were
none of these usual, customary, and, I maintain,
indispensable forms observed, the gentleman has
established that which I presume his explanation
was intended to avoid—that this meeting, by
whatever name called, contains every objection
that'can be raised to the policy of caucuses with-
out one of its advantages.
Secret, private, political meetings, without a
record of their proceedings, is that particular class
of assemblies most to be dreaded in this country.
And I am satisfied, with whatever intentions the
members from Tennessee met and deliberated as
to the course they would take in the approaching
canvass, that that meeting is subject to all the
objections taken to the caucus of Congress that
nominated Mr. Crawford. The gentleman from
Tennessee was further understood to maintain
that the objections taken by the original Jackson
party applied with equal force to the late Balti-
more convention, which nominated Mr. Van
Buren for the Presidency. The right of the peo-
ple to be heard in convention is sacred,and though
assaults upon that plan may serve some tempo-
rary purpose, it will be impossible for the gentle-
man to convince the people that they have no '
right to be heard on every subject, or that it would
be dangerous to their liberties to trust themselves.
Sir, it is one of the fairest, safest, and most re-
publican modes of settling any question. When
the doctrine shall once obtain that the people are
not to be permitted to speak, are not suffered to
be heard in conventions, on questions affecting
their rights, they may soon prepare for the worst.
Liberty will not long survive the period when the
voice of the people cannot be sounded through
their own Representatives, in pursuance of and
in conformity to their own will and pleasure.
No, sir, there is no analogy between the principle
of congressional caucuses and conventions. The
one is the will of the people, as expressed through
their own organs; the other is the expression of
gentlemen who can only speak for themselves,
and not for the people. This is the difference,
and it is important.
Sir, I have now done with the argument of the
gentleman from Tennessee; and I trust that he
will not have considered me as departing from the
rule he laid down for his own government.
Mr. Chairman, I had intended to have an-
swered at length an honorable gentleman from
Virginia, for whom I may say I entertain the
highest regard, and who I see before me, [Mr.
Robertson;] but having already consumed more
time than I had intended, I am admonished that
I should bring my remarks to a close. The hon-
orable gentleman, as has been the custom of all
those on the same side, had much to say against
the Administration; took great pains to search
out corrupt practices; and really felt quite aston-
ished, if not indignant, that not the first measure
had yet been taken by the Administration to re-
form the extravagant expenditure of the people's
money. The gentleman, in support of his posi-
tion, informed the committee that one project for
reform had been attempted, and that was a reso-
lution that originated in this branch of Congress,
proposing a reduction of two dollars per day for
the pay of members, which actually passed, and
was carried to the Senate, where it icas killed;
just what everybody, but the gentleman himself,
would have readily supposed.
Sir, I was at a loss to understand the relevancy
of the case cited by the gentleman. I could not
see upon what principle the Administration was
to be censurable for any measure that had per-
ished in the Senate for several years past, when
everybody knows the majority of that body have
opposed almost every prominent measure of this
Administration. Gentlemen who are opposed to
the Administration—who are, so far as words are
concerned, so much opposed to its abuses and
extravagances, should not forget that the virtu-
ous, patriotic Opposition have been, until the
present session, in the majority in that body.
And I ask of the honorable gentleman, with that
fact meeting him at every charge he makes against
the Administration, to tell this committee and the
people why that body has not done something.
Why is it that some measure has not originated
in that quarter that would have saved this coun-
try from the disgrace, corruption, and ruin which
has been so confidently predicted ? Sir, the gen-
tleman has referred to no other measure except
the one he mentioned, and that came from the
popular branch of Congress, where alone the
Administration has been in the majority, and
that very measure was defeated in the Senate,
where the Opposition have been in the majority!
I thank the member for the proof he has fur-
nished to three points, as they are material in the
vindication of this Administration: first, that the
Administration has attempted retrenchment; sec-
ond, that it was defeated by the Opposition;
third, that the Opposition, with a belief that re-
trenchment and reform were necessary, according
to his own showing, have done nothing. But,
sir, with the view that the country may under-
stand a little of the economy of the Senate, and
their desire to make this a plain and cheap Gov-
ernment, I will present a fact that will afford
some profitable hints to the people, and give the
gentleman, I trust, some reason to be more quiet
and contented with the expenditures of this Ad-
ministration.
The contingent expenses of the Senate in 1826
were $6,913 04;in 1831, $15,000; in 1833, $39,752;
and in the memorable year of 1834, $78,794; mak-
ing a difference of upwards of $70,000 in the mere
contingent expenses of the Senate between the
years 1826 and 1834. I leave this fact to establish
the high claim the Opposition have to retrenchment
and reform.
Mr. Chairman, it must have occurred to all who
have given the slightest attention to this pro-
tracted discussion, that the mode of attack and
weapons used against the Administration were
not only selected with great care, but were, in
many instances, on directly opposite grounds; so
that if one failed, the other might happily succeed.
In illustration, I will adduce the language of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia. That hon-
orable gentleman says, "Since the commence-
ment of his [General Jackson's] administration,
his Cabinet has displayed all the colors of the
rainbow." And an honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. C. Allan,] some time since, in
his assault upon the President, labored through
the greater part of his speech to prove that the
Administration had acted throughout in direct
violation of the President's advice to Mr. Mon-
roe, and that no instance could be shown where
any individual had been appointed to office, ex-
cept he was of the President's party. And yet
both the gentlemen from Virginia and Kentucky
can unite in the most perfect harmony (doubtless
upon principle) in opposing this Administration.
Why, sir, against this sort of opposition there
is no defense, security, or safety; and discretion
