1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Michigan—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
their omission to do so could not affect in any
dt^r<e the right of the free male mhabitnnts to
\ote for dekiTitts to the contention which framed
tlu ir constitution As s>oon as Michigin shall
hue bet n admitted into the Union, the bounda-
ry -. of \V ^onsin will then be irrevocably determ-
nud It wi'l be the last of the fne States into
w huh tin N >rthwestnnTt rritory can be divided
undi i tlu t< rms of tlu oulmuiee. When that
Territoi v shall (.ontain s,i\ty thousand free inhab-
itants tiny will have an absolute right to demand
admission as a State into the Union, and we can-
not refuse to admit them without violating the
public futh Still, I should not advise them to
trame n constitution without a previous act of
Congress
The precedent in the case of Tennessee, on
whu h I commented when I addressed the Senate
on Wednesday last, has completely silenced all
opposition in rtgard to the necessity of a previous
act of Congress to einble the people of Michigan
to form a State constitution. It now seems to
be conceded that our subsequent approbation is
equivalent to our previous action This can no
longer be doubted. We have the unquestionable
power of waiving any irregularities in the mode
of framing the constitution, had any such existed.
It is wiser, I admit, for Congress, in the first in-
stance, to pass such an act, but, after they had
refused to do so, from year to year, the people of
Michigan had no other alternative but either to
take tue matter into their own hands, or abandon
the hope of admission into the Union within any-
reasonable time.
But I am not done with this Tennessee prece-
dent.
It will be recollected that when North Carolina
ceded to the United States the territory which
now composes the State of Tennessee, it was
spec.ally stipulated that the inhabitants within
the same should *' enjoy all the privileges, ben-
efits, and advantages" set forth in the ordinance
for the covernment of the Northwestern Terri-
tory. This provis on mikes the case of Tennes-
see one precis 'y m point with the present. I
would ask, then,  hi \oted at the election for
delegates to frnme the constitution of Tennessee '
Let the proclamation of Governor Blount, issued
in obedience to an act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, answer this question. He declares " that
all free males, i^not free male citizens,) twenty-
one years of age and upwards," shall be entitled
to vote. Under this proclamation every free male
inhabitant of the Territory had a right to vote,
no matter how short a time his inhabitancy may
have continued. In this respect it differs from
the territorial law of Michigan, which requires a
previous residence of three months.
With full knowledge of these facts, General
Washington, in his message to Congress of the 8th
of April, 1796, on the subject of the admission of
Tennessee into the Union,declares, that " among
4 the privileges, benefits, and advantages thus
4 serured to the inhabitants of the territory south
4 of the uverOhio, appearto be the nghtof forming
4 a permanent constitution and State government,
4 and of admission as a State, by its delegates,
4 into the Congress of the United States, on an
4 equal footing with the original States, in all
4 respects whatever, when it should have therein
4 sixty thousand free inhabitants, provided the
4 constitution and government so to be formed
4 should be republican, and in conformity to the
4 principles contained in the articles of the said
4 ordinance "
The State of Tennessee was accordingly ad-
mitted. At this early day, when this ordinance
was better understood than it can be at present,
no objection was made from any quarter, so far
as I can learn, that delegates to the convention
which formed the constitution of that State, we re
voted for by inhabitants who were not citizens
of the United States. Certain it is that no such
qu«stion was raisfd by General Washington.
Even Mr. King, whose report was decidedly
adverse to the admission of this State, never, in
the most distant manner, adverts to this objection
which has now been so strongly urged by Sen-
ators.
I stated when I last addrrssed the Senate, as a
proposition clearly established, that, under the
ordinance, the States formed out of the North-
western Territory had a right to confer the elective
franchise upon the inhabitants resident within
them at the time of the adoption of their consti-
tutions, whether they were citizens or not. I
then also asserted that the States of Ohio and
Illinois had not only exercised this power to the
extent which Michigan had done, but had gone
much further. They had not, like Michigan,
confined the elective franchise to inhabitants actu-
ally resident within their respective States, at the
time of the adoption of their constitutions; but
had made a general provision by which all such
inhabitants, though not citizens, would be entitled
to vote in all future time. These positions, which
I thought impregnable, have been violently as-
sailed ; and it has been contended that, under the
provisions of these constitutions, no persons
except citizens of the United States are entitled
to vote. This renders it necessary that I should
again turn to these constitutions. The first sec-
tion of the fourtli article of the constitution of
Ohio declares, that44 in all elections all white male
' inhabitants above the age of twenty-one years,
4 having resided in the State one year next pre-
' ceding the election, and who had paid, or are
4 charged with, a State or county tax, shall enjoy
4 the right of an elector, but no person shall be
4 entitled to vote, except in the coun*y or district
4 in which he shall actually reside at the time of |
4 the election " The fifth section of the same
article varies the expression, and confers the r.ight
of voting 41 on ivhite male person*," who are com-
pelled to labor on the roads These 44 white male
inhabitants," or 4i white male persons," are not
required to be citizens of the United States. The
terms are as general as they can be. They
embrace all persons, whether citizens of the
United States or not, who have resided within
the State for one year, and are in other respects
qualified. Besides, it would be easy to show, by
adverting to other parts of this constitution, that
the framers of it, in several cases, when they
intended to confine its benefits to citizens of the
United States, have so declared in express terms.
We have heard it stated that, by a judicial
decision, the right to vote has been restricted to
citizens of the United States. This decision has
not been produced I should be very much
pleased to see it. I am aware that judicial con-
struction can work wonders; but if any court
has decided that 4'all white male inhabitants,"
or ,4 white male persons," are restricted in their
meaning to white male citizens of the United
States, it is a stretch of judicial construction
which surpasses anything of which I could have
conceived.
The constitution of Illinois is still more general
in its provisions. It declares that 44 in all elec-
4 tions all white male inhabitants, above the age of
4 twenty-one yeais, having resided in the State
4 six months next preceding the election, shall
4 enjoy the right of an elector, but no person shall
4 be entitled to vote except in the county or dis-
4 tnct in which he shall actually reside at the time
4 of the election." We have been informed by
the Senators from Illinois, that the practice of that
State has always conformed to the plain meaning
of the constitution. At this day any alien who
has resided within that State for six months is in
the full enjoyment of the elective franchise. In-
deed, this privilege has induced aliens to settle in
that State in preference toothers where they can-
not vote until after they have become citizens of
the United States
Now, sir, I wish to be fairly understood upon
this question. As a general principle, 1 do not
' think that any State of this Union ought to per-
mit any person to exercise the right of an elector
who is.not either a native or a natuialized citizen
of the United States. There may have been, and
I think there was, a propriety in conferring the
elective franchise upon the inhabitants of the
Territory, actually resident therein, although not
citizens, who had a light und< r the ordinance to
partieipate in the formation of the constitution.
Beyond this the power, even under the otdmancc,
is extremely doubtful Michigan has wisely con-
fined herself within thf se limits. She has not fol-
lowed the example of Ohio and Illinois. These
States have been admitted into the Union, not-
withstanding the extiavagant piovisions in their
constitutions in favor of foreigners.   Would it
not be extremely ungracious to exclude Michi-
gan, when no foreigner can ever hereafter enjoy
the right of voting, except such as were resident
within the limits of the State at the time of the
formation of her constitution '
According to the census it would appear that
not more than from five to six hundred aliens
could have been in that situation. At the present
time it is probable that many of these have be-
come naturalized citizens. The evil, if it be one,
is very small. Within a short period it will en-
tirely disappear. Would it be wise, would it be
politic, would it be statesmanlike, to annul all
that has been done by the convention of Michi-
gan merely for this reason ' Ought we on this
account to defer the final settlement of the dis-
puted boundary between Ohio and Michigan, and
thus again give rise to anarchy and confusion,
and perhaps to the shedding of blood ' Do you
feel confident that the people of Michigan, after
you have violated their rights by refusing to
admit them ípto the Union at this time, would
ever act under your law authorizing them to form
a new constitution' We must all desire to see
this unfortunate boundary question settled, and
the passage of this bill presents the best, if not
the only means of accomplishing a result so de-
sirable.
Have the people of Michigan, or any portion
of them, ever complained of this part of their
constitution' I would ask by what authority
have the Senators from Ohio and New Jersey
[Messrs. Ewing and Southard] raised this ob-
jection, whilst the people themselves are content'
Even if they did commit an error in this respect,
we ought to treat them as children, and not as
enemies. It is the part of greatness and magna-
nimity to pass over unimportant errors of judg-
ment committed by those who are in some degree
dependent upon us. It would, indeed, be a severe
measure of justice for the Congress of the United
States, after having admitted Ohio and Illinois
into the Union, to close the door of admission
againstMichigan. This,in truth, would be strain-
ing at a gnat, and swallowing a camel'
Suppose you deprive the people of Michigan of
a territory to which they all believe, however
erroneously, they have a right, and transfei it to
Ohio, and then drive them from your door and
refuse to admit them into the Union: can any
Senator here view the probable consequences with
composure' They are a high spirited and manly
people. You cannot blame them for that. They
are bone of your bone, and flesh of your flesh.
They have been taught, by your example, to
resist what they believe to be oppression Will
they patiently submit to your decree' Will they
tamely surrender up to Ohio that territory of
which they have been in possession for thirty
years' Their past history proves conclusively
that they will maintain what they believe to be
their rights, to the death. You may have civil
war as the direct consequence of your vote this
day. Should the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Ewing] prevail, whilst it will leave
unsettled the question of boundary, so important
to his own State, it may, and probably will pro-
duce scenes of bloodshed and civil war along the
boundary line. I have expressed the opinion
that Congress possess the power of annexing the
territory in dispute to the State of Ohio, and that
it is expedient to exercise it. The only mode of
extorting a reluctant consent from the people of
Michigan to this disposition, is to make it a con-
dition of their admission, under the present con-
stitution, into the Union The bill proposes to
do so, and, in my humble judgment, Ohio is
deeply interested m its passage.
I shall now, following the example of my fnend
from New York, [Mr Wright,] proceed to
make some suggestions upon another point. 1 hey
are intended merely as suggestions, for I can say,
with truth, I have formed no decided opinion upon
the subject. A friend called to see me last even-
in"-, and attempted to maintain the proposition
that the seveial States, undei the Constitution of
the United States, and independent of the ordi-
nance applicable to the Noithwestern Terntory,
had the power of conferí nig the right to vote upon
foreigners resident within their Tti ntones This
opinion was at war with all my former impres-
sions.    He requested me to do as he had done,
