400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
and to read over the Constitution of the United |
States carefully, with a view to this question.    I
have complied with his request, and shall now
throw out a few suggestions upon this subject,
merely to elicit the opinion of others.
The older I grow, the more I am inclined to be
what is called " a State rights man." The peace
and security of this Union depends upon giving
to the Constitution a literal and fair construction,
such as would be placed upon it by a plain, intel-
ligent man, and not by ingenious construction,
to increase the powers of this Government, and
thereby diminish those of the States. The rights
of the States,reserved to them by that instrument,
ought ever to be held sacred. If then the Consti-
tution leaves to them to decide according to their
own discretion, unrestricted and unlimited, who
shall be electors, it follows, as a necessary con-
sequence, that they may, if they think proper,
confer upon resident aliens the right of voting.
It has been supposedj and is, perhaps, gener-
ally believed, that this power has been abridged
by that clause in the Constitution which declares
that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States." Does then a State, by confer-
ring upon, a, person not a citizen of the United
States the privilege of voting, necessarily consti-
tute him a citizen of such State? Is the elective
franchise so essentially connected with citizen-
ship that the one cannot exist without the other?
This is the question. If it be so, no State can
exercise this power; because no State, by bestow-
ing upon an alien the privilege of voting, can
make him a citizen of that State, and thereby
confer upon him " the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the several States." Citizens are
either natives of the country or they are natural-
ized. To Congress exclusively belongs the power
of naturalization; and I freely admit that no for-
eigner can become a citizen of the United States
but by complying with the provisions of the acts
of Congress upon this subject. But still we are
brought baqk to the question, may not a State
bestow upon a resident alien the right to vote,
within its limits, as a personal privilege, without
conferring upon him the other privileges of citi-
zenship, of ever intending to render it obligatory
upon the other States to receive him as a citizen ?
Might not Virginia refuse to a foreigner who had
voted in Illinois,withouthaving been naturalized,
" the privileges and immunities" of one of her
citizens, without any violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States? Would such an alien
have any pretext for claiming, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, the right to vote
within a State where citizens of the United States
alone are voters?
It is certain that the Constitution of the United
States, in the broadest terms, leaves to the States
the qualifications of their own electors, or rather
it does not restrict them in any manner upon this
question. The second section of the first article
provides " that the House of Representatives
' shall be composed of members chosen every
* second year by the people of the several States,
'and the electors in each State shall have the
• qualifications requisite for electors of the most
* numerous branch of the State Legislature." By
the first section of the second article, "each State
' shall appoint, in such manner as the Legislature
' thereof may direct, a number of electors equal
' to the whole number of Senators and Represent-
' atives to which the State may be entitled in Con-
•gress." . Both these provisions seem to recog-
nize in the States the most absolute discretion in
deciding who shall be qualified electors. There
is no declaration or intimation throughout the
whole instrument that these electors shall be cit-
izens of the United States. Are the States not
left to exercise this discretion in the same sov-
ereign manner they did before they became par-
ties to the Federal Constitution? There is at
least strong plausibility in the argument, espe-
cially when we consider that the framers of the
Constitution, in order more effectually to guard
the reserved rights of the States, inserted a pro-
vision, "that the powers not delegated to the
' United States by the Constitution, nor prohib-
' ited by it to the States, or reserved to the States,
• respectively, or to the people."
Without any stretch of imagination we might
conceive a case in which this question would
shake our Union to the very center. Suppose
that the decision of the next presidential election
should depend upon the vote of Illinois, and it '
could be made to appear that the aliens who voted
under the constitution of that State had turned
the scale in favor of the successful candidate.
What would then be the consequence ? Have we
a right to rejudge her justice—to interfere with
her sovereign rights—to declare that her Legis-
lature could not appoint electors of President and
Vice President in such manner as they thought
proper, and to annul the election?
It is curious to remark that, except in a few
instances, the Constitution of the United States
has not prescribed that the officers elected or ap-
pointed under its authority shall be citizens; and
we all know, in practice, that the Senate have
been constantly in the habit of confirming the
nominations of foreigners as consuls of the United
States. They have repeatedly done so, I believe,
in regard to other officers.
I repeat that on this question I have formed no
fixed opinion one way or the other. On the other
points of the case I entertain the clearest convic-
tion, that Michigan is entitled to admission into
the Union.
I have thus completed all I intend to say upon
this subject. ,1 have been most reluctantly drawn
a second time into this debate. I had the admis-
sion of Arkansas specially intrusted to my care.
Few, ifany, of the objections urged against Mich-
igan are applicable to Arkansas; but I could not
conceal from myself the fact, that the admission ,
of the one depended upon that of the other; and
I am equally anxious to receive both the sisters.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. INGERSOLL,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February, 1836,
On the motion to reject a Petition from Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of Slavery in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL said:
Believing that the motion before the House will
not reach the object entertained by either side, I
have put together a resolution which it is my
intention to submit for consideration, when it
shall be perfectly in order.   It runs thus:             I
Resolved, That the holding of slaves is a right clearly
recognized by the Constitution of the United States, and is
thereby secured to the citizens of those States whose policy
does not forbid it as the legitimate subject of individual
property, and source of political influence and power, and
all attempts to interfere with or molest them in its exercise ,
or enjoyment are impolitic, unconstitutional, and unjust.
Surely the proposition now before us does not!
go to the root of the evil.   Encouragement to I
petitions having for their object the abolition of |
slavery in the District of Columbia, is deprecated,
because (as has been said) it would be an entering
wedge to further interference.  Rights exist which
are   in   themselves   considered unquestionable.
These are to be guarded from any and every
encroachment.   Be it so.   Why not assert and
maintain them, then, at once, without regard to
the mere incident which, although far from insig-
nificant in itself, must be comparatively unim-
portant ?
The nature of the motion now submitted is
such as scarcely to afford an opportunity to de-
cide either of the important questions to which
attention has been called in the course of the de-
bate. They are two: first, the one immediately
involved in the memorial on the table, and ex-
pressed on the face of it—the abolition or contin-
uance of slavery in the District of Columbia; and
secondly, the broader and more pressing inquiry,
whether measures shall be resorted to for the
purpose of assuaging the feelings, and arresting
and preventing attempts to interfere wkh the con-
stitutional rights and personal security of the cit-
izens of the slaveholding States.
It will be perceived at once that the last of these
inquiries is not directly involved at all in the pro-
ceeding before us.   If it be so in any way it must
be incidentally only. In that sense I cannot
doubt it, since it has been made (as to the abuse
itself, or the probable remedy for it) a prominent
object of remark throughout the discussion. That
the two things may have a bearing upon each
other is altogether a reasonable conclusion, and
in that view a separation of them in debate could
not fairly be expected. But it is perfectly clear
that the adoption of the resolution, or the rejec-
tion of it, will adopt nothing with regard to the
more important and interesting inquiry and com-
plaint—the complaint of undue interference, and
the inquiry how it can best be put a stop to at
present, and avoided in future. If legislation be
unnecessary to prevent the diffusion of injurious
publications, they will be equally prevented,
whether slavery be abolished in the District of
Columbia or not. If legislation, on the other
hand, be requisite for that purpose, it must still
be resorted to, although slavery should be pre-
served and perpetuated here as it originally stood
and still exists in those sections of the two grow-
ing empires that were cut off from their parent
stocks for the exclusive legislation of the United
States.
Thus nothing will be gained or lost to the one
question by the determination of the other, even
if that determination itself were now within the
reach of the House. Will the vote now aimed at
reach the object that gentlemen on both sides of
the question desire to attain? Will it fairly or
effectually decide the point of abolition or con-
servation anywhere? I fear not, and believing
that to be the case, and believing also that a mere
silent vote would not sufficiently explain the mo-
tives which led to it, I will venture to trespass for a
moment on the patience of the House, by urging
the reasons which induce me to wish that another
course might have been taken. Before I sit down,
I may trouble the House also with a remark as
to the necessity, or the absence of it, of move-
ments here in relation to the evils complained of
in the southern and. some of the western States.
As to the whole question, the State of Pennsyl
vania is peculiarly circumstanced. She has at
this moment scarcely a remnant of slave popula-
tion within her limits. Her soil and climate do
not require it. A respectable part of her people,
too, descendants of her patriarchal founder, and
retaining all his primitive simplicity in feeling
and in manners, consists of individuals who are
supposed to be generally opposed to slavery,
according to the sincerest convictions of their
consciences. In their own practice they scrupu-
lously refrain from it. Some of them rigidly
abstain from those enjoyments, and even comforts
of life which are the ordinary products of slave
labor. Yet, in such a community, among a
people whose mass and aggregate contain a large
ingredient of the character I have described, feel-
ings have been entertained and expressed, meas-
ures have been adopted and promulgated, which,
if the sympathies of the South are to be influenced
by the promptness and sincerity of corresponding
sympathies, cannot fail to win their affection and
regard. I want to impress on the minds of hon-
orable gentlemen around me, and, through them,
on the nation, that, in the district which I have
the honor in part to represent, there has been as
cordial and animated an expression of sentiment
on this irritating subject as could have resounded
in acclamation from one of their own hospitable
cities, or arisen from the midst of their own fertile
.fields. If Pennsylvania was the first to dispense
with these institutions for herself, she has not
been the last to buckle on her armor, and to
extend the right hand of fellowship to her brethren
of the South. I mean to make no vain boast of
her liberality, to claim no merit here for her
motives. History has recorded the event of her
own abolition. Let it stand, if you will, upon
the present occasion, on the ground of her not
wanting, for her own best interests, the continu-
ance of slavery. She certainly deems her condi-
tion the better without it. Yet I have the satisfac-
tion to say, without a boast, that our constituents
are not apt to be backward in the duties of kind-
ness and assistance at a moment of apprehended
or existing need. The flames which have been
devastating a portion of a sister city had not
ceased to blaze, when they gave living proofs of
the sincerity of their friendship, and the aidor
