1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr.
Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
and promptness with which they would lend their I,
succor to tluir suthring friends.
1 h.ui hoped that there was no substantial dif-
fi ronce of opinion on the principal poirt, in this
House, ami, therefore, as the representation is
universal, that there could be virtually none in
the nation. The chord that appeared to vibrate
in harmony here is only responsive to sounds
that have bten uttered on the banks of almost
everv river north of the Susquehanna to the ex-
treme st limits of the land Until vtry recently
these strings would not hare been struck at all.
An occasion had not before presented itself when
such utterance would have been necessary, and
■n the abseuce of necessity it would have been
unwise. The .North deemed itself bound, indeed,
to abstain from a discussion that would have been
emuunlty unprofitable at any former period of
the national history. Their patriots had united
in planting teed which was to be left peculiarly,
if not exclusively, to the culture of their co-
patriots of the South. There grew up fiom it
a sensitive plant that would scarcely bear the
slightest touch; and, by common consent, its deli-
cacy was respected, and all interference with it
was avoided.
Time, however, in its experimental course,
gave birth to prodigious changes in the colonial
institutions in another country; and the officious
sensibilities of some of its own subjects were in-
fluenced to an attempt to fasten or (lighten them
upon us. The standard was raised with a pru-
dence at least equal to the zeal which prompted
its erection at a distance from the scene where
the effect was to be produced. Some few mis-
guided individuals answered to the signal. We
of the North—its actual population, strangers to
ail that was conceived or in progress about us—
began to suffer under the stigma of hostility
and incendiary disposition towards our southern
brethren. I cannot be mistaken when I say that
the belief was general that the whole northern
ropula'ion was arrayed in feeling against them.
t wis necessary to disabuse both them and the
misjudging Cew who were equally in error among
ourselves. An early effort was made among
those who had descended from the first laborers
in the blood-stained fields of the Revolution; who
fell at Lexington; who, on a memorable occasion,
gave the tea to the deep. Their motives were
explained; and the necessity of resistance to for-
eign intermeddling and domestic folly was made
manifest by one who, contemporary with the
early history and councils of the Republic, and
now its time-honored sage, knew best how to
illustrate the character of the Federal compact, and
the duties which, as a compromise, it enjoined.
The citizens of Pennsylvania were not less
prompt in the expression of their decided disap-
probation of all attempts to disturb the settled
faith of the Union. This was done in well at-
tended meetings of the people, whose senttmenls,
it is said, are never wrong. The expression was
as emphatic as the sentiment which it sprang from
was cordial and sincere. The promises and the
pledges of friendship were pure and unalloyed.
But they were individual and unofficial. Our
friends of the South seemed to look for something
more. A manifesto of good will was expected
from a source that might be regarded at once per-
manentand responsible. Accordingly, at the very
first opportunity that presented itself, at the now
recent meeting of the Legislature, the Executive
of Pennsylvania, in his annual message, openly
echoed the sentiments and judgments of the peo-
ple. If it be necessary, the Legislature will do
the like. What further do the intelligence and
power of the South require' Nothing; literally
nothing. In the best judgments of their wise and
honorable men, they ought to be, and they will
be satisfied. What measures they will adopt for
themselves, thus assured against distant aggres-
sion, must be for their own wisdom to decide,
and their own firmness to execute. They have
stout hearts and strong arms. Whether (I will
add) in the course which may be governed by
Divine Providence, tht day shall come when they
will choosi to make arrangements for safe and
eventual emancipation, must be left under that
guidance which cannot err—exclusively to them-
selves.
I come to ask them, in behalf of the North; of
those who have done all that could be expected,
or thit has been required; of those who are pre-
pared to do whatever may be necessary or useful
in the day of gieater need—I merely ask that the
subject shall be approached (now that it must be
met in this great council) with mutual forbearance
and respect. Jealousy herself ought not to doubt
the disposition to keep the relations between the
two sections of the country free from all influ-
ences, except those that are the mo&t generous
and just. My object is to allay excitement, by
proving, if I can, that the causes of it exist no
longer, and that they will not arise hereafter,
unless they are excited by the conflict of unne-
cessary and irritating discussion.
In accounting for much of the feeling that has
extended through the southern States, I address
myself rather to their distant fellow-citizens than
to themselves. Indignation at attempted or per-
petrated wrongs was not to be condemned or
wondered at. If half the effects imputed to it
are likely to ensue from the interference that is
complained of, that drop of cold blood that stirs
or stagnates in the veins of a native ot the South
would be rebellious to his nature. It is not be-
cause any attempts could be made with success
at actual emancipation, much less at the final
overthrow of law and order, that those things
are deprecated. One wide-spread revolution,end-
ing in the supremacy of a population of Afucan
descent,is, I presume, too chimerical and absurd
to be within the serious apprehension of any one.
Moral force and well-digested discipline, capacity
for order and arrangement, wisdom to direct, and
valor not to be subdued, among the high-minded
and well-educated citizens of that section of the
country, forbid the idea of anything like perma-
nent or extensive mischief.
Yet there are evils of a less wide-spread influ-
ence, of which the dread is by no means visionary;
and with regard to them, early alarm, and steady
watchfulness and precaution, are only true wis-
dom.
A distinguished and eloquent Representative
from Virginia once declared upon this floor that
the midnight bell never tolled for fire at Rich-
mond, that the mother did not clasp her infant
more closely to her breast. It was, in his esti-
mation no idle fear that doubted between the perils
of accidental conflagration and the horrors of
domestic massacre. Accordingly, more than once
has the tocsin sounded to the rescue from exist-
ing or clearly meditated insurrection. The fires (
of servile war were actually lighted at Southamp-
ton-; and although they were speedily extin-
guished, they left a section of our common coun-
try clothed in the garments of affliction. The
best of your ci tizens have been occasionally called
on to sit in special commission on the unhappy
victims of a salutary vengeance, and it has been
necessary, on such occurrences, to present to
other evil-doers a terrible example. Single in-
stances of ferocious assassination have also oc-
curred. An unhappy slave has been convicted
within the last week in this very District of an
attempt to murder his mistress as she slept. An
anticipation of such scenes in times to come,
prompted by the fatal recollection of them in
times past, may well arouse the anxious feelings,
.the active indignation of those to whom belongs
the care of the helpless and the feeble.
We need not go far back in time to discover
among the outbreaking  of slavery traces of some
of the bloodiest butcheries that history records.
The elements of fury that could not be satisfied—
of a brutal appetite for blind and indiscriminate
revenge, never were more aptly mixed for mis-
chief than in the instance of the revolution of St.
Domingo. Rome, in the dark hour of the con-
spiracy of Catiline, did not exhibit a darker pic-
ture of human suffering and human crime.
" All hate had license given it; all rage reigns J
Slaughter bctrnl the streets
No a<;e was spared—no sex—nay, no degree;
Not infants in the porch of lile were free
\ ir in-> and widows, matrons, tender wives,
All died"
Independently of the threat of attack on life, it
is impossible to overlook the perfectly justifiable
motives that give value to property, and make it
a duty to guard it from violation. The Consti-
tution communicates this character to the light
of the slaveowner, and secures him in the enjoy-
ment of it. It does more—much more. Its fiist
article confeis an importance on slave population
dearer, in the estimate of freemen, and in its con-
stitution, towards the legitimate exercise of sov-
ereign power, than any which grows out of mere
pecuniary circumstances. In the established ratio
of representation, and the consequent influence
of the Representatives, and the foice and dignity
they enjoy for themselves and for their constitu-
ents, there is (as all of us familiarly know) an
additional power vested in the slaveholding States
derived fiom that circumstance alone, equal to
three fifths of what they would possess if every
slave were a free man, and to all intents a citizen.
When life or property, or the privilege of rep-
resentation, is invaded, or threatened with inva-
sion, a spirit of more than opposition is aroused,
and resistance to the uttermost is the consequence
I thus freely acknowledge, because I deeply feel,
how natuial is the impulse which would prevent
and repel encroachment, that would meet it at the
onset, or anticipate its organization. But I con-
fess it appears to me that the occasion now pre-
sented is not calculated to call forth, and would
but waste, the feelings of alarmed affection, of
watchful stewardship, of indignant patriotism, to
which 1 have adverted. No attempt is here made
to interfere with any of these sacred rights. The
same Constitution which gives a thrice-told secur-
ity to the possessor of slaves, and guards him
from the invasion of his undoubted privileges,
confers, too, on Congress the power to exercise
exclusive legislation, m all cases whatsoever, in such
district (limited to ten miles in extent) as may
become the seat of the Pedeial Government.
I am not about to argue the question, whether
this large grant does, or does not, include  the
power to abolish slavery. Such discussion would,
at all events, be premature, and is out of the course
which it is my object at present to pursue.  Legis-
lation, however, is sovereignty; and it may be
that, in a given event, Congress can pass upon
that grave subject without encroaching upon auy
rights, vested or contingent, admitted or alleged.
1 will not anticipate the contingency of a previous
abolition in Maryland and Virginia, and of the
united voice of all the inhabitants of the District,
raised in one general prayer for abolition.    Nor
do I overlook the proviso in the pession from
Virginia, the true construction of which must
limit it, I think, to landed property.    It is easy
to perceive, on the other hand, an essential dif-
ference between the voluntary sacrifices of a par-
ticular State surrendering its own property, as
would be the case where it is done thiough its
particular representatives, and the corresponding
movements of Congress upon petitions from a
distance with regard to a District which has no
especial representation.    I do not mean to argue
that Congress can legislate away this property,
even with the consent of the owners; but I am
not prepared to admit that they can not. Certainly
a very different issue is presented by those in-
quiries from that which grows out of the sup-
posed daring inroads of foreign enemies and do-
mestic traitors.  It would be greatly to be deplored
that the case should be made to assume a false
position, and that a question so easily to be re-
solved as that which rests upon the plain letter
of the Constitution, should be embarrassed by
difficulties that its spirit alone can overcome, and
be confounded with a question that is altogether
different and (at least comparatively speaking)
doubtful.   I would not be understood as requir-
ing that the question of abolition here should be
left undetermined: but I would have it met when-
ever it is encountered, fairly and fully.    Let it
be so determined, if at all, as will place it at rest,
now and forever; at rest for ourselves, and at rest
for the whole civilized world; so at rest, as will
afford an answer even to the agitating orator of
the British Parliament, whose itinerant humanity
has extended,as it should seem.w tender mercy
to the superintendence of our domestic institu-
tions.                                                ,
How will a mere vote upon the little emergency
of this little petition effect the object > Take it
in any sense.   From how many souls, male and
No. 26
