402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Services of Volunteers—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
f 'in lie, adults and minors, does it come ' I speak
oí ii with entne respect, but I allude to its nu- I
niencil -tienertli, complied with that of the whole
Republic      Tanteen, or a hundied and thirty, or
t!i Uca handled, U you will     What is  that to
thiitem oi  fouiuen  millions'    Every day may .
bnngfoitli new momonals of the same or—which |
is the s,ami thin  in the Mew I am now taking— ¡
of in opposite i hancter     Would the simple íe
1 etion ot .iny number of them avail'    No, sir.
Ominous suggestions are contained in the conclu-
sion of this veiy paper, that the petitioners are
not readily to be turned aside. Applications may
be renewed a?am, and again, and again     The
whole time of the House and the whole business
of the nation may be suspended  by the discus-
sion or decision of them in detail, m settling, one
by one, memorials without numbei, in the ex-
pression of indignation within  these walls, and
in the exercise of a persevering obstinacy with-
out them.    In such a conflict, the race would not
probably be to the swift, nor the battle to the
strong.
Heretofore petitions have been referíed, or laid
upon the table An honoiable gentleman has
said the circumstances aie difftient at present.
Then treat them differently. Do not let them
íemain unanswered, as they will be in effect by
simple rejection in each case, but take or make
an eaily opportunity (if it must be) to decide
them all. In that decision, pronounce an em-
phatic vindication of all we do.
Besides, these detailed decisions—which I con-
fess I deprecate—rmy not be uniform. To say
nothing of the effect that may be produced on
particular members by the character and language
of particular memorials, by their peculiar knowl-
edge of some sets of petitioners and want of
knowledge of others, and a consequent predis-
position or indisposition to listen to their requests;
in anything like a doubtful case majorities may
vibrate from circumstances altogether adventi-
tious, and this may possibly be considered a case
of that description. There are, I think, some
ninety-nine Representatives fiom slaveholding
States, and one hundred and forty-one from those
which are not. I do not know that this makes
an essential difference. I hope it does not. But
it may operate in some degree, as early habits of
thinking and association cannot fail to act upon
the mind. Members may be absent from their
seats. In the shapes which this subject assumes,
momentous as in some aspects it is, it may come
up any and every day. It may steal upon the
House unconsciously to itself, and almost so to
the mover. We have had but few days for pre-
senting petitions. On each, I believe, it has been
the subject of discussion; and, if this motion
prevails, the result in the different cases will have
been different I could not ask for a better illus-
tration. For every member to be every hour in
his place, watchful of all and partaking of all,
would be more than mortal strength and clear-
sightedness would bear. It would require the
eyes of Argus, and as many hands. We cannot
forget, besides, the mournful memento which has
been already, more than once already, repeated
among us—the shafts of death that have already
fallen thickly in the midst of us to manifest our
feebleness and mortality.
Thus, one day a petition may be received, the
next rejected, and the third laid on the table, and
the fourth peihaps thrown under the table. What
is the result to ourselves, to the nation, to the
world' Nothing—worse than nothing; uncer-
tainty and doubt; that fear of change that per-
plexes nations. This body owes to itself the
aim at least, and the attainment, as nearly as may
be practicable, of consistency in its doings. Acts
of legislation ought not, under similar circum-
stances, in the course of a political voyage, to
veer with the flag at the topmast head, but to be
steadfast and true as the needle upon the deck.
I promised, before taking my seat, to say a
word as to the suggestion, coming from a high
official source, of the propriety of congressional
regulations over the Post Office respecting these
grave matters I am inclined to doubt the neces-
sity, rather than to withhold, if desired, the pas-
sage of a remedial statute. It is a question of
pohee—of mere police; and that is a subject which ¡
the General Government could not touch if it
would, and would not if it could. If individuals
are found trespassing on rights so delicate and
sacred as these, they can be punished If the in-
struments of their misdeeds, the publications and
other missiles of mischief, can be discoveied, they
may be dest)oyed By the old law, misdoeis taken
in the mainour, with proofs of guilty conductand
design about them, were liable not only to be
ai rested without wan ant, but hung up without
arraignment. The evidence of then offense was
flagrant in their hands. They were themselves
íeeking with criminal act and purpose beyond,
as was believed, the possibility of denial, and
therefore beyond the necessity of fu rther or formal
pi oof.
Modern usage, it ístiuc, has given to the penal
law a milder aspect Proof is not dispensed with
the rather because it is satisfactory and clear.
The law now interposes and prevents the con-
summation of the crime. It arrests the flight of
the criminal, and compels him to restore his ill-
gotten gains. It stands guaid over the safety of
the citizen and the State by exeicising the glori-
ous attribute of preventive justice. It reserves,
howevei, the last offices of vengeance until gui't
has been duly proved before the competent tri-
bunal—has been made manifest, not only m ex-
istence, but in evidence, to the face of day. It
needs not the acknowledement of the cnininal,
or the positive and dneot pi oof of his misdeed
The mute eloquence of encumstances still makes
its due impression, and often unaided does its
office. It consists of the half-extinguished torch
of the malignant incendiary—of the bleeding vic-
tim of the highway robber—of the telltale drop
upon the dagger ot the dark assassin.
To reach these objects is properly the duty of
the municipal law It is within the power of
every well-constituted civil society to vindicate
itself. The powers and the privileges of the
General Government (extensive and useful as I
believe they aie and ought to be) cannot, in mat-
teis of a criminal nature, suspend or supersede
the municipal regulations of a particular com-
monwealth.
The establishment of post roads, constitutional
to the letter, could not dedicate that poition of
the territory of a State over which they pass to
the use of a band of highwaymen. Jurisdiction
and legislation, too, remain to every other pur-
pose as entire after the establishment of the post
road as before. The analogous and incidental
establishment of post offices is liable to the same
results. Can any one suppose that amagiccncle
is drawn around the office where the mail is
opened to diffuse the blessings of intelligence and
affection; the cementof private and public union;
the principles of happy and virtuous association;
but ready, perhaps, also to disgorge the poison-
ous effluvia of insurrection, discord, and death;
and that within that circle everything is inacces-
sible to the approach of the municipal law'
The SPEAKER here suggested that the ques-
tion before the House did not cover the subject
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania was now
discussing.
Mr. INGERSOLL observed that he was aware
that he owed to the indulgence of the House the
privilege of making the last few remaiks which
had fallen from him. It was a subject, however,
in many of its relations so delicate and so dis-
turbing, that he was anxious to say at once what
appeared to him to belong to it, even incidentally.
He would cheerfully conform to the suggestion
of the Chair, and conclude with a single remark.
Let us seek the important objects which all of
us have in view with the best feelings and through
the proper means, and we cannot fail to attain
them. They consist of the harmony and the
happiness of the Republic, the preservation and
prosperity of the Union. In endeavoring to at-
tain them, let us, the Representatives of the peo-
ple, with one accord seek to bring together, not
the opima spoha of an ancient battle crimsoned
with the life's blood of common enemies, but the
first-fruits of a generous patriotism, the willing
offerings of every section of a common country;
and let us place them, with the aspirations of
fervent and devoted hearts for her tranquillity
and happiness, upon one common altar.
SERVICES OF VOLUNTEERS
REMARKS OF HON. AARON WARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
dpnl 26, 1836.
The bill authorizing the President of the United States
to accept the services of Volunteers, being under consider-
ation—
Mr. WARD said he should detain the House
with but very few remarks of his on the sublet
of the amendment to the bill under consideration.
He looked upon it as one of the most important
bills that had come before the House this session
and the most impoitant feature of the bill, in his
opinion, was the eighth section, which authorizes
the President to raise and organize an additional
regiment of dragoons and mounted riflemen, to
be composed of the same number and rank as the
officers, non commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates; to receive the same pay and allow-
ances; to be subject to the same rules and regula-
1 tions, and to be engaged for the like term, and
| upon the same conditions, in all respects what-
ever, as are stipulated for the i egiment of dragoons
1 now in the service of the United States The
force provided foi in this section would be im-
mediately added to our present military estabhsh-
I ment, and would affoid  more security to  the
I inhabitants on our extensive western frontier,
now threatened with an attack from a savage foe,
than five times their number of infantry. The
country where they would be stationed, being an
extensive piaine, was peculiarly well calculated
for the opeiations of a force of this chaiacter on
account of the celenty with which they can move
from post to post Such a force added to the
regiment now stationed theie, would lender most
essential service By overawing the Indians, it
would prevent them horn making any aggressions
upon our settlement, and theieby avert the im-
pending danger of a general frontier war The
Indians, as it was well known, and as we had
been warned by the experienced and vigilant gen-
tleman fiom Missouri, [Mr Ashley,] must see
the force by which they are to be resisted in
oider to be deterred from hostilities Some few
of them have heard of our strength, and the extent
of our resources, butgenerally they were ignorant
or incredulous of the supeuonty of our force.
The policy which induced that honorable gentle-
man to move this amendment to the bill, while
in Committee of the Whole, was founded on
humanity, a just estimate of the Indian character,
and true economy.
In the present agitated state of the Indian
tribes, it was of the utmost consequence that
Congress should take such measures for the pres-
ervation of peace as would be most effective,
without any regard to the expense. Experience
had shown that it was much easier and cheaper
to prevent Indian hostilities than to repress them.
The vast expenditure of blood and treasure in
the Black Hawk war, and in the war still raging
in Florida, might, as we were told by men of
experience and sagacity, have been prevented by
the presence of a small force of a similar character
to that now proposed As a measure of economy,
therefore, it seemed to him that this was decidedly
' preferable to any other that Congress could adopt;
for, if this force was raised without delay, and
stationed at the several military establishments
I on these borders, it would be the surest means
that we could have of restoring confidence to our
citizens, and also of preventing the hostilities
which were now apprehended.
I The President of the United States, it was true,
was authorized, by the first section of the bill, to
accept the services often thousand volunteers, by
companies or regiments, who might associate and
offer themselves for the service, for the term of
six or twelve months, to be clothed at their own
expense, but to be armed and equipped at the
expense of the Government, and their commis-
sioned officers to be appointed in the manner pre-
scribed by law in the seveial States andTeiti-
tories to which such company or companies shall
respectively belong; but it was proper to be ob-
served that the power vested in the President by
