404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
24th Covg....Ist Sess.
Services of Volunteers—Mr. Clay, Mr. Benton.
Se
NATE.
something horrible has happened. In this state
of thimrst perplexed by vague and general ru-
mors, we are presented with a case of possible
necessity, i° l"'-e us t0 basten a measure, in ref-
erence to which it seems to be particularly desir-
able that the Senate should have the most exact
information on the subject. There may be gen-
tleman who had better information than he had,
and. if so, they should come forward and com-
municate it.
Rumor says, that a distinguished officer—a
major general in the American Army—on the
frontier has made a call on the Executive of three
States for a force of militia, and that the militia,
to the number of seven thousand, have been em-
bodied. It is supposed that a still stronger meas-
ure will become necessary, and that the Execu-
tive arm will have to be extended before a more
tranquil state of things can be produced. He
was as willing as his friend [Mr. Linn] to protect
the frontier. He was as ready to go as far when-
ever the exigencies of circumstances should re-
quire it; but he hoped that gentlemen would not
Buffer their feelings to be excited and urged be-
yond what the law of nations would justify. He
hoped that gentlemen would concur with him in
opinion that they did not come here to indulge
private and personal feelings, but to shape their
course so as to insure the greatest advantages to
those whom they represented. He could not sit
down without saying that his feelings had been
pained; and he would repeat that he was ready
to go as far as his friend from Missouri to pro-
tect the frontier, and, in all circumstances, to go
as far as he would in doing that which was right.
He hoped that some gentleman would take the
necessary steps to obtain the information so much
desired on the subject. As a member of the Mil-
itary Committee, he would be glad that all possi-
ble information should be before the Senate, and
that the measure snould not be pressed until that
information should be obtained. He did not come
into the Senate to-day prepared to go into this
question. He should be ready at any time to
go into the consideration of the subject, but he
thought the best course now was to dispose of
the land bill, and afterwards to consider this
bill.
Mr. CLAY said, the proposition, if he under-
stood it, was to take up a military bill from the
House, passed this morning, providing for an
increase of the Army, and authorizing the calling
out of ten thousand volunteers. Every Senator
here was undoubtedly as willing as the gentle-
man from South Carolina, to do whatever the
honor, interest, and tranquillity of the country
required to be done. But he must see a very
different state of things from any that had as yet
presented itself, before he should be willing to
interrupt the pacific relations of the Government,
and precipitating it into a war with Mexico. If
there was a cause, a just and righteous cause for
such a step, he trusted we should act promptly
and manfully; but, as yet, we had but rumors of
the inhuman scenes which were said to have been
enacted As yet, so far as respected this coun-
try, there was no ground for engaging in hostil-
ities with any foreign Power.
It was not yet the proper time to go into the
consideration of this subject. It should be taken
up deliberately, and with all the information that
could possibly be obtained. It was proposed to
augment the military force of the country; and
it was proper to consider by how large a num-
ber of men, and of officers capable of command-
ing them. Perhaps an increase of both was
necessary; but without a great and controlling
necessity, there should be an increase of neither.
He came into the Senate this morning under
the full expectation that a final disposition would
be made of the land bill before proceeding to the
consideration of any other subject. There was
time enough to look into this measure. There
was no particular urgency for considering it at
this moment. He had been told that we had lately
at Tampa bay seven thousand men, engaged in a
contest with six or seven hundred miserable In-
dians; these we had neither conquered nor found;
and unless we could show a somewhat better
capacity for war, we had better refrain from en-
gaging in one.
If Santa Anna should commence hostilities
with us—if he should invade our frontier, and he '
had as yet shown no such intention—what was
to prevent our transporting this force from Tampa
bay to the .Sabine, to prevent any violation of
neutrality and of existing treaties in that quarter?
But unless there was an actual or threatened in-
vasion we were not called upon for any active
measures. At any rate, we wanted information.
Has no communication been made to our Gov-
ernment from that of Mexico?—no assurances
been given that existing treaties would be re-
spected ? If so, let us have them. A call, in his
opinion, could not fail to bring us such facts as
would, in a great measure, quiet the public appre-
hension. He had risen, however, for the sole
purpose of saying, that, when a final vote was
expected on the land bill to-day, he was unwill-
ing to have that measure put aside, as it had been
repeatedly, and that, too, in a very unusual and
unparliamentary manner. He hoped the Senate
would proceed to its consideration.
Mr. BEATON, in support of his motion to
take up the act from the House of Representa-
tives for increasing the military force, deprecated
the effect which the land distribution bill had upon
the public business. It was a bill which met
everything, opposed everything, and defeated
many things. It was the pestilence of legislation.
It was found in conflict with every bill that pro-
posed to appropriate a dollar for the service of
the country, and every bill must give way before
it. .The Cumberland road bill was the first sacri-
fice; and after seeing the fate of that bill nothing '
could be wondered at. That road for every bene-
ficial purpose was now stopped; for who cared
about grading a road between the Wabash and
the Mississippi, where there was not a solitary
hill to be crossed ? The solid construction of the
i road is negatived; the appropriation for the pres-
1 ent year is cut down; months were consumed in
opposing it; and half the season for doing work
is now gone by. This road, the oldest and most
cherished work of the Government, was putdown;
it was the first sacrifice to the devouring spirit of
the distribution bill, and the forerunner to the
fate of others. He repeated, this bill was the
pestilence of legislation. It was to the business
of the Senate, what the curse of the frogs was in
Egypt; it is in the way of everything; it is found
everywhere, like those pestilential frogs which
incumbered and defiled the whole household,
tables, beds, kneading-troughs and all. The for-
tification bill had to yield to it; the Army bill may
now share the same fate. And if this be the
effect at the outset, what is to be the effect in the
end ? If this insatiate spirit of distribution can
postpone, set aside, and defeat the bills for the
defense of the country and the support of the
Government while yet in its infancy, what will
it not do in its manhood? It will take all to itself;
it will reduce the General Government to its con-
dition during the Confederation; it will reduce it,
if not to the voluntary contributions, to the vol-
untary leavings of the States. They will be
served first, and what is left may go to the Gen-
eral Government; and from the manner in which
this spirit cuts and carves for itself now, it may !
well be seen that nothing will be left for the Fed- !
eral Government. It may be in vain that some
members may wish to vote first for the Federal
Government; the distributees will be served first, ;
and instructions from home will overrule wishes '
here. Members of Congress will be instructed; I
if States once begin to receive dividends from the
Federal Treasury, they will he instructed to sup-
ply the States first, and to take the lion's share
for their State governments.
We have been told of an arrangement (said
Mr. B.) by virtue of which this distribution bill
was to take precedence over all business until it
was finished. He (Mr. B.) was privy to no such
arrangement. He had, in the face of the Senate,
refused to enter into any such arrangement, and
had declared himself ready to sit all night. But
why mention arrangements, since the time that
the formal agreement to act upon the Executive
nominations had been annulled by the votes of
those who had been brought up, not to vote upon
nominations, as agreed upon, but to vote against
going into Executive business at all?
Mr. B. repelled the idea thrown out by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] that this bill
for raising volunteers and increasing the Army
was a war measure against Mexico. So far front
it, that Mexico was not even thought of when it
originated. It originated three months ago, on
motions from Senators on this floor, his col-
league, [Mr. Linn,] and a Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Tipton,] calling on the Executive Govern-
ment for plans for an increase of the military
force; calls which were answered two months
ago, and a bill reported six weeks ago. Far from
looking to Mexico, it did not even look to the
Texan frontier. It was not a measure of south-
western, but of northwestern origin, called for
by the state of things on the western and north-
western frontier, and wholly independent of
events in Texas. These events might well be
quoted to accelerate the progress of the bill, but
not to account for its origin or to determine its
fate. Above all, the bill was not to be prejudiced
by an assumption or representation that it was a
preparation for a Mexican war,
Mr. B. thought it right to notice the contempt-
uous terms in which the war, and the conduct of
the war in Florida, had been mentioned by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] It was
called a miserable war, miserably conducted. Ik
was due to the hundred and twelve brave men
under Major Dade, who fell on the ground on
which they stood, who died in their tracks, no
officer quitting his soldiers, no soldier quitting his
officer, and whose unburied bodies remained a
prey to the wolves and vultures—it was due to
their memory to speak respectfully of them in
this Chamber. It was due to the New Orleans
regiment, and their accomplished commander,
Colonel Smith, who had volunteered for a distant
and arduous service, not to undervalue or dis-
parage their exertions. No body of men could
show more zeal, constancy, and cheerfulness
under the most trying circumstances. Leaving a
luxurious city, they had gone to encounter dan-
ger, to endure privations, to suffer want, to feed
on food not fit for man, and to volunteer for new
toils and dangers as fast as the fatigues of the
first were over. Courage was their birthright
and inheritance, and bravery they were expected
to show; but this steadiness, perseverance, zeal,
and cheerfulness,undereveryextremityof hunger
and suffering, was a new trait in the volunteers
of a great city, accustomed to every luxury and
to every delicacy of the South, and entitled them
to more honor than victories alone could confer.
Besides these, many were the brave and devoted
acts which did honor to our arms in this war, and
which should exempt our arms from contempt-
uous allusion on this floor. Officers were there,
whose reputation formed a part of the riches of
their country, and the difficulties of their position
should be considered. They were on a theater,
where the unseen enemy could deliver a deadly
fire and elude pursuit. It was a case in which
the difficulty was, not to conquer, but to catch.
Mr. B. had been drawn from his immediate
subject to speak of events in Florida, because he
felt it to be wrong to permit unjust aspersions
upon those there to go out from this Chamber,
and because his position as chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee, and his connection with the
debate, made it proper for him to say a word in
their vindication. He returned to his own bill,
and to the reasons which required him to press
its adoption. It was not a measure against
Mexico. It was no preparation for war with
Mexico. It was simply a measure of defense
originating before the invasion of Texas, and
rendered necessary by the act of the Government
in accumulating an Indian population of two hun-
dred and fifty thousand souls, yielding a force
of fifty thousand warriors, within striking dis-
tance of the western and northwestern frontiers,
and which frontiers were now naked and defense-
less. Still the state of things on the Texas fron-
tier was not to be disregarded. The position of
General Gaines, the possible contingencies in the
excitement of the Indians, the scenes which
might occur on our line, were all to be considered,
and his imagination could conceive of cases in
which the heart alone should be obeyed—in
which there should be no head to think—nothing
but a heart to feel and an arm to strike. It was
the case of women and children pursued by a
brutal and ruffian soldiery.
