406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB P..
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
[May 27,
Senate.
state of our own affairs; that it was a north- I
western and not a southwestern measure; and
that it was begun before General Gaines had gone
to the Texas frontier, and before Santa Anna
had left the capital of Montezuma. All this was
known here; still people at a distance might be
induced to believe that the proposed increase of
the Army was to cover a premeditated design to
make war upon Mexico and to violate the laws
of neutrality. This they might be made to be-
lieve, and thereby be excited against the Admin-
istration; but it should not be so without being
told better. They should know that the two
hundred and fifty thousand Indians accumulated
upon the western and northwestern frontier, was
the origin of this movement, and the Texan diffi-
culties nothing but an incident.
General Gaines's letter, calling on the Govern-
ors of States for volunteers, was only published
in this city on yesterday; the bill which he moved
to take up was reported six weeks ago, and ori-
finated under a resolution adopted on the 2d of
'ebruary. This statement should satisfy every-
body—should dispel the panic attempted to be
got up—and show that the defense of our borders
and the preservation of our neutrality were the
sole objects in view. ' General Gaines has reason
to believe that our Indians have been tampered
with; he communicates what he has heard to
the Government here, and to the Governors of
the neighboring States; and while these circum-
stances justify him in calling for volunteers, yet
if it all turns out to be unfounded, if Texas is
pacified and Santa Anna returns, still we shall go
on with our bill. We shall go on demanding an
increased force upon our frontiers, and if we
cannot get it from the General Government, the
citizens will have to take measures to protect them-
selves. Fifty thousand Indian warriors within
striking distance of our frontiers cannot be an
object of indifference or disregard to us.
Here is another evil from this scheme of divid-
ing surplus revenue. To save the money for dis-
tribution, it is necessary to attack the objects to
which it ought to be applied; and where the object
cannot be attacked, to substitute an erroneous
one for it. To save the surplus, then, for divis-
ion, is the cause of this attempt to raise a panic
about the violation of neutrality and the invasion
of Mexico. But the boasted surplus is itself an
illusion, a mere temporary stoppage of money in
the Treasury, which ought long since to have
been in a course of expenditure. Almost every
branch of the public service was suffering for
want of money; many branches of the service
were suspended entirely for want of money. The
fortifications have been stopped for two seasons.
The Mint is languishing for want of means to
perfect some machinery. The quartermaster's
department—the most important branch of the
service at all times, and especially at this time,
when supplies should go to two frontiers—that
department is without a dollar. Clerks and sal-
aried officers are borrowing money at usury to
support their families, because they cannot draw
theirpay. More than that; workmen, day labor-
ers in the service of the United States, are with
out the means of going to market! He (Mr. B.)
had been informed of laboring men, working for
the United States, who had not had meat on their
tables for three weeks. They could not draw
their pay; and why not? Because politicians had
taken it into their heads to make a surplus, and
for that purpose had stopped all the appropria-
tion bills, and dammed up the money in the
Treasury, to make a tempting mass for distribu-
tion, and dubbed it surplus, when the fact was,
it was no surplus, but a mere temporary accumu-
lation caused by the delay of the appropriation
bills, and much of it long since due.
The Holy Scriptures (Mr. B. said) contained
a curse against those who did not pay the laborer
his hire; and what are we to say of politicians
who, to tempt the people with an illusory distri-
bution, are stopping the action of the Govern-
ment, preventing the laborerfrom being paid, and
claiming for distribution what ought to be in a
course of expenditure! When the appropriation
billsare passed, and they cannot be delayed many
weeks longer, it will be seen that every dollar of
this boasted surplus will be wanted for the public j
séryjcpj and that the public have been the dupe ¡
of a pernicious deception, in being told that there
were more than thirty millions which could not
be expended, and therefore must be divided. And
this was the secret (Mr. B. said) of the extraor-
dinary process of passing the distribution bill
first; it could not be pafjsed if it waited till the
appropriations were made; for then it would be
seen that the inexhaustible surplus was all gone.
Mr. BUCHANAN wished to say a very few
words on this question. He had no doubt but
that the Government of the United States, in re-
gard to Mexico, had pursued, and would pursue,
the course which had been sanctioned by all its
experience in relation to questions of this kind.
One principle had been established in the political
history of the country; had grown with its growth
and strengthened with its strength; and without
knowing what the President had done or would
do in this matter, he had no doubt but he would
strictly adhere to that established principle in our
institutions, never to interfere with the internal
policy or domestic concerns of foreign nations.
The famous proclamation of neutrality of General
Washington first asserted that principle, and to
it our Government had always adhered. We
consider (said Mr. B.) all nations " enemies in
war; and in peace, friends."
In regard to Mexico, he looked upon Santa
Anna as a usurper. The federal constitution es-
tablished for the Republic of Mexico, and which
Texas, as a part of that Republic, had sworn to
support, had been trampled on by him, and
Texas, in his eyes and in the eyes of all man-
kind, was justified in rebelling against him.
Whether the Texans acted consistently with a
true policy at the time, in declaring their inde-
pendence, he should not discuss nor should he
decide; but, as aman and an American, he should
be rejoiced to see them successful in maintaining
their liberties, and he trusted in God they would
be so. He would, however, leave them to rely on
their own bravery, with every hope and prayer
that the God of battles would shield them with
His protection.
If Santa Anna excited the Indians within our
territory to deeds of massacre and blood; if he
should excite a spirit among them which he can-
not restrain; and if, in consequence, the blood of
our women and children on the frontiers shall
flow, he undoubtedly ought to be held respon-
sible. Mr. B. saw a strong necessity for sending
a force to the frontiers, not only to restrain the
natural disposition of the Indians to deeds of
violence, but because they could place no confi-
dence in aman who had so little command of his
temper, who had shown so cruel and sanguinary
a disposition as Santa Anna had. He was for
having a force speedily sent to that frontier, and
a force of mounted men or dragoons, as suggested
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Linn,] but
he was against interfering in the war now racing
in Texas, unless an attack should be made on us.
If it was left for him to decide which bill a
preference should be given to by the Senate, he
would first take up the bill providing for this ad-
ditional force for the protection of the frontiers;
but he had been instructed by an authority which
he was bound to respect and obey, and he must,
therefore, vote to take up the land bill. He should
vote with the warmest friends of that bill in its
favor till it waseithcrcarried through or defeated.
To-day or to-morrow, the land bill would be
finally disposed of; it now stood in the way of
everything else; and he would then be for pro-
ceeding with the appropriation bills as rapidly as
possible. He should have said nothing about
instructions, had not this question of preference
been brought up. After the decision of the land
bill, he should give his hearty support to carry
through the bills necessary for the defense of the
country, with as much expedition as possible.
Mr. CLAYTON stated that he should vote for
the land bill in preference to this bill, because the
former would have still to pass the other House,
while the bill now asked to be considered had
passed that House. As far as he had seen of
this bill, he was favorably disposed towards it.
But he was desirous to have a day or two to con-
sider of the amendments. He did not wish it to
be said of him that he had thrown any difficulty
in the way of the public defense, and he only
desired so much delay as would enable him to
| become   acquainted   with   the   character  of  the
amendments.
Mr. LINN said that gentlemen were much
mistaken in supposing that this proposition to in-
crease the Army grew out of a desire to increase
unnecessarily the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, or out of the state of affairs in Texas, or
with a view to a war with Mexico. Itwasacalm,
deliberate proposition of his own, resulting from
his knowledge of Indian character, and the dan-
gers to which his constituents were exposed.
lie had consulted the Secretary of War, and
many of his friends on this subject, and on the
2d of February he introduced the following reso-
lutions:
" 1. Resolved, That the Secretary at War inform the
Senate what number of Indian  now occupy the frontier
on thp southwest, west, north, and the northeast of rlio
United States,and what nuinherit is piohahle will lie trans-
ferred from the States and Territories to tin- frontiers of the
United States.
"2. Resolved, That the Secretary at War aKo inform
the Senate whether, in his opinion, the present military
force of the United States is sufficient to guard the loitili-
eations on the seaboard, and at the same tune give protec-
tion lo the inhabitants íesidingmthe States anu'ferutories
bordering on the Indian frontier; if not, what force will,
in his opinion, be necessary to such protection."
In reply to this call, the Secretary of War re-
turned an interesting a,nd elaborate reply, on the
8th day of March. He was decidedly of the
opinion that great danger existed from the In-
dians to the frontier States, and that it was the
duty of Congress to protect them against aggres-
sions by having an adequate force stationed there,
sufficient to look down opposition and prevent
bloodshed. He said he felt deeply for the Texans,
and great as the calamities of war were, he almost
desired that Mexico would give ussufiicientreason
to embark in one; and he was not sure but they
had placed themselves out of the pale of law by
the assassination of Colonel Fannin and his fol-
lowers.
The question was then taken, and the motion
of Mr. Benton was negatived.
EXPURGATION OF THE JOURNAL.
SPEECH OF  HON. ISAAC  HILL,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the Senate, May 27, 1836,
On the Expunging Resolutions submitted by Mr. Bentoh
on the 17th of March.
Mr. HILL said:
Mr. President: The preamble and resolution
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. White,]
which have been introduced as a substitute, are of
that hermaphrodite character that pleases neither
side, and, being abandoned on all hands, must
fall to the ground. They are only important so
far as they countenance the principal argument
that has been urged against expunging the record;
and it is remarkable that the burden of the song
has been, not that the condemnatory resolution
was right, but that it was a violation of the Con-
stitution to expunge what was clearly wrong
from the Journal. " Each House shall keep a
Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time
publish the same." Here is a positive act to be
performed; and when the act is done, the injunc-
tion is fully complied with. If it were intended
to apply to all journals, as relating to this or that
particular session of the Senate, the language
would have been so definite as not to be mistaken.
If it had been intended to keep and preserve the
I original manuscript Journal,language conveying
that idea would have been used. The mandate
of the Constitution has been fully complied with
when the Journal has been kept a sufficient time
to " publish the same." Copies are then multi-
plied, so there can be no mistake as to what the
Journal contained; and any subsequent vote of
either House to expunge any particular part of
any single copy of the Journal, is no more a viola-
tion of the injunction to keep a Journal, than it
is of that part of the Constitution which author-
izes the people to elect members of the House of
Representatives.
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Leigh,] pro-
bably as an offset to the resolutions recently
passed by the Legislature of his State, directing
