183G.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40T
•JJth Cong....1st Sess.
=r      —   ------------           -                                   ■
the Senatois from that State to present and vote
for t xpu'ijini the condemnatory resolution from
t'l. Journal,a l\ vvdays aso presented n memorial
f om John r.mboilako, and otheis of that State,
.".runs; i \ounging. Tnese memorialistsconsider
tue piopo^uion to expunge to be ''a plain and
pal i-ili't \ lolation of tn-> Constitution," and it is
rem.ii a ihle that they offei the following as the
on y leason against its constitutionality:
••-UÜO • i! to«j>,t'ut t<> their humble understanding,
• t.) ke< p." a- here used in tile C institution, me in* to ¡rre-
s-n . ., 11 int i'ie litti r t liu^i ot Hie constitutional ¡iro-
vi-i «l a~ rr imn-h quoted, turuishe  a kev Hi the inn r
prvtation ol Mat which precede* it. since it vvould be
oiinu-h i'iip >—ibK' to pu'ilish tin- Journal trom time to
Imr, it such Journal had not been iej.( and ¡rraei ied "
Here is an admission that the Journal is to be
nre^trred only for the pin pose of being publi^htd.
What .s the inference2 It can be no other than
that wiieu thus kept, the whole purpose of the
Constitution has been complied with. 1 will
In reitti r make inquiry for what other pulpóse
tin Join nal cui be kept5 In relation to the keep-
ing of the Journal of the House of ileptesent-
atives for thirty-five years, I have received in-
formation from the Clerk in the following letters:
House or Reheseititivcs 17 3.,
.ipnl 6, l8Jo
OearSir. In answer to the mquirv containt d in >our
lettt ror this inorntns, I have lo stale that the ondina! rou°h
manuscript Journal of the House ot R< preséntame- ot the
l'niled States (those read on the morning hive not been
preserved to a period anterior to the commencement of
the first session, Eighteenth t on>;ress, (isoj and 18J4.)
For votir turther m'nrinatioii, 1 t nclose }ouacop\ of a
csinniunieation trom Mr Bureh on the subject
With very great respect, I am, sir, your obedient ser
vant,
XV  S  FEAVKLIV,
Clerk Iljuse Representatives U. S
Hon Isaac Hill, CnJeJ Suites Senate
Ornes Hocse or Repeesentatives U. S.,
,lpn¿6, lb3o.
I entered this office a vouth, under John Becklt), who
wa* the fir-t Cb'rK of the II ni-e ni Representatives under
me present Constitution ol the United i-tates, and who
died in the year ISuT.
Dunn; the reeesi ol Congress he put me at what was
termed •- r< eordmi fie Journal o' fie preceding session,
which was to «rite it oift'oin the printed copv intoalarge
bound volume I inquired ot linn vvhv it v\as tlrat it iw
copied, when there were so inanv printed copie ' He
answered, that the printed copies would probably, in time,
disappear trum use, &c., the large manuscript volume
would not
The •• rough Journal"' as it was then termed, and is still
termed, b -nig the original rough ilrai tread in the House on
the m.n iu  after the da) of «Inch it narrates the proeeed-
inj-, was not, and had not trom the beginning been pre-
served I inquired the rea-on, and was answered, that the
printed copv waj> tlie official copy, as it was printed under
tae Official ord t of the House, and a-s errors, «Inch were
so.n«times di-covered in the ''rough Journal" «ere cor-
rected in the proofs ol the pnnn d copv, the printed copv
was tie most correct, and that, therefore,there was no u-e
iu luiubin-ig Ih uffke with the --rough Journal"' alter it
had b vi  printed
Two of Mr Heckle)'  immediate successors in office,
Mr Magruder and Mr O lujliert,. viewed the matter as
Mr Uetnln new-idit I miow the lac t iroin h.ivin«called
tireir atten'iou to the siibjict I often reflected upon the
Miliject, and it nppe in d to me 11 !>' prop  r tint the *• rough
Journal"' «hould be preserved ; ali'iough I could not see any
purpose vv-hatevi r to beinsvven il b> d iings,, I often con
ver-ed with the clerks ot the otfiei upon the subject, but
as we were onlv subordinan s the practice was not changed
t t first session of the Eighteenth Congress, (18J.Í-24.) when
I di termined, without consulting mv superior, that the
'rougn Journal"' should no longer be thrown auav, but be
preserved and bound in volume- ; and it lias been rtgu
larlv pre-erred and bound since
With "rtLt re-p et, I am  sir, jour obedient servant.
S   CI'RCII.
Colonel  Walter S   Frasklim, Cierk House of Repre-
gentative. United States.
By these letters it appears that the original
manuscript Journal, the Journal which is read in
the morning; of every day succeeding that of the
proceedings, was kept and pi etertcd precisely long
enough to answer the purpose designated by the
memorial from Virginia. It was kept long enough
to be published, when the original Journal was
destroyed or laid aside, and a new manuscript
copy was taken from the printed published Jour-
nal. Here are facts in relation to the Journal
that cannot be gameayed-, facts which prove that
even the destruction of the original manuscript
Journal, after that Joui nal has been printed and
published, was never dreamei tobe a violation
of that clause of the Constitution which requires
each House of Congress to keep a Journal of its
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
proceedings. For the first thirty-five years, in I
construing the Constitution, plain common sense
had not been driven from our legislative halls by
the refinement of sophistry, the world of argu-
ment had not then been turned upside down, in-
genuity had not then connived to turn a plain
duty of the representative to obey his constitu-
ents into a violation of his oath and his con-
science.
In the year 1323, the Senate of Massachusetts
passed a resolution to expunge another resolution
from their Journal, passed in 1813, which the
public sentiment had condemned. A member of
the Legislature of that State for the present year,
informed me that he recently examined the man-
uscript Journal, containing both the expunged
and expunging resolutions. Both of them were
passed by an exact vote of the two political par-
ties. The old Federal party had the ascendency
m the Massachusetts Senate in 1813, and the res-
olution, that it was unbecoming a moral and
religious people to rejoice in the success of our
Army and Navy, was passed by the votes of that
paity alone; and in ten yeais afterwards, the fust
time the Democratic party had the full ascend-
ency, that party voted to expunge the resolution
fiom the Journal. The constitution of Massa-
chusetts requires the keeping of a Journal, and
directs that the yeas and nays of each branch of
the Legislature shall be enteied on that Journal;
but it does not requne that this Journal shall be
published. In this it dilTeis fiom the Constitu-
tion of the United States in relation to the Jour-
nals of Congicss; but the distinction makes alto-
gether in favor of the doctrine of expunging. In
the case of Massachusetts, the resolution was
expunged, but the manuscupt Journal (the only
official copy in existence) was not touched. In
our case, the condemnatoiy resolution may be
expunged, and either the manuscript record may
remain unmolested,orit may be ring-marktd and
crossed, or it may be entirely obliterated; and
in neither case can it be considered a violation
of the Constitution, because, from the time the
Journal has been kept long enough to be pub-
lished, every printed copy of that Journal is an
official copy, so that no vote to expunge, noreven
anv act of defacing the manuscript Journal, can
militate with the mandate of the Constitution,
which requires each House of Congiess " to keep
a Journal of its proceedings, and fiom time to
time publish the same," after the Journal shall
have been kept a sufficient length of time to be
published.
Some thirteen years ago I first visited the city
of Washington, during the sitting of Congress.
The Supieme Court of the United States was at
the same time in session. A gentleman of the
bar, now of the Senate, fiom Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] was engaged beloie the court on one side
of a case, and another gentleman fiom the same
State, (Kentucky,) then and now a member of the
House of RepiLSentdtives, of somewhat rougher
aspect, [Mr. Hardin,] aigued the case on the
other side. I listened attentively lo both. The
tougher gentleman, in tin- couise of his aigu-
ment, talked of the practice in Kentucky, and
with great nonchalance informed the court how
he gamed an important land cause in that State,
lie citattd, he said, a/a/sf or Jttgned issue before
tin sitting of the com t, and led the antagonist
paity to confine his attention exclusively to the
taking of ti stimony in relation to that feigned
issue. Keeping the real point a seciet from the
adverse party, he earned Ins case at the trial by
surprise. Marshall, and Bushiod Washington,
then on the bench, smiled at the frank expression
of the blunt attorney, who told the story as if
he really thought he deserved credit for the tuck.
There are m&ny ft ignei issues, Mr. President;
but few who practice them are as candid as was
this Kentucky lawyer before the Supreme Court.
When the idea was first broached, that a resolu-
tion having no necessary reference to any existing |
laws could not be expunged fiom the legislative
Journal of the Senate, because the Constitution |
n quires the Striate to ki cp a Journal of its pío- |
ceedings, I would not have believed that such a
feigned issue could be entti taincd so long as really ,
to have nssumi d the appearance of settled serious- ¡
ness Surely, in all the expunging that hereto-
1  fore has taken place, it never before entered into
Senate.
the heart of man to conceive such an objection
as this
It is said the Constitution requires a Journal to
be kept; and therefoie no pait of this Journal can
be mutilated, struck out, or destroyed. If it be
an imperative constitutional injunction to pre-
serve, there must be some object to be gained by
the pieseivation The Journal can be useful for
no other puipose, than the preservation of evi-
dence of proceedings.
All those parts of the Journal relating to laws
that have bicorne obsolete, or to proceedings that
aie of no consequence, are valuable only as ob-
jects of curiosity or as matters of history; the
public interest could not suffer, if such parts were
utterly destroyed. The Join nal of the Senate is
kept and preserved for no other puipose, than to
show when and how laws are passed, and it is of
as much consequence to preserve the engrossed
bill or resolution in that branch of the Legislature
in which such engrossed bill or resolution origin-
ated, as it is to preserve the Journal of proceed-
ing to show the progress and history of the same
bill or resolution. If both the engrossed bill and
the Journal weie destioyed, the emolled bill on
parchment would remain, which would be evi-
dence of the existence of the law; and even if
that enrolled bill were destroyed, the law would
still be in existence if there remained anywhere
published copies, which had been certified as
fiom the original.
The object of possessing an official copy of the
Journal of legislative proceedings, is simply to
preserve collateral evidence that existing laws
passed in due course of legislation; other evidence
than these Journals, such as petitions on which
laws are predicated, repoits of committees on
those petitions, minutes of reference, original
drafts of bills, or resolutions, or amendments,
may be equally important; and yet it will not be
urged that the destruction or obstiuction of these,
either weakens the force of the law, or violate*
the Constitution.
There aie various ways in which the manuscript
Journal of the Senate may be obliterated or de-
stroyed. The building may take fire, and that,
with the Journal, may be accidentally burned; a
thief may steal it, and carry it off", or bury it in
the water or in the earth; the minutes may take
fire during an evening session, and thus prevent
the Secietary from copying the proceedings at
length. The Constitution requires a Journal to
be kept: would all these casualties or acts by
which the Journal shall be destroyed.be so many
violations of the Constitution?
Even if the icsolution now under considera-
tion, without reciting it, went so far as entirely
to obliterate a foi raer resolution that should be
deemed improper to be retained on the Journal,
I cannot concede that the act of obliteration would
be unconstitutional. If that resolution weie an
existing law, still intended to be kept in force,
the act of obliteration would not nullify the law;
applied to a simple declaratory resolution, that
was never intended to have the force of a law,
the obhtelation cannot haim the people for whose
benefit all laws aie made; and if it does not harm
them, it can be no liifiingement of the Constitu-
tion such a-3 is woilhy ot íeprobation.
I maivcl much at the pertinacity with which
this question is attempted to be discussed as an
liiliingenientof the Constitution. It seems to me
that, by taking the ground they do, the oppo-
nents of the expunging resolution blink the real
question—it has all the appearance of a mere
subterfuge. The horns of tins altar will not pro-
tect them—the cry of " a violated Constitution,"
as it is a virtual confession that the people are
ri"htin demanding the obliteration of an infamous
rexord, so it furnishes strong presumptive evi-
dence of consciousness that the resolution to be
expunged was w rong in itself.
My object is not, Mr. President, so much to
aigue the question of power in the Senate to ex-
puiW, as to show that the sentence of condem-
nation passed oil the President of the United
States was not only extra-judicial, but unjust;
toi I conceive it to be a most inglorious evasion
that Senators now say this sentence of condem-
nation imputed to the Piesident no crime. If ihe
Senators from Louisiana [Mr. Porter] and Vir-
ginia [Mr. Leigh] will look back to the caminal
