1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
-24th Cong....Ist Sess.
The w hitewishmg report of the Committee of
Finance of l:\34, bears evident marks of being
the production of more thin one hand. The
largos: half of this rt port, if I might be permitted
to give an opinion, I would say came from the
same quarter as lm\e most of the whitewashing
reports that had preceded it; that it scents of the
shop, so thnt its author may be detected as one
of the banking fraternity, whose busintss is to
regulate the rise and fall of stocks and the rourse
of exchange. Observe the expression on page
40, line twelve fiom the bottom, of "drafts m
this office." This expussion, isolated as it is,
and referring w ith certainty to no particular place,
one would think could never have been made by
one of the committee. Referring, as it evidently
does, to the office at Philadelphia, ill-nature might
say it could have been writteu only by a tenant
of the marble house. Critics would oiler this as
one of the external evidences, that the larger por-
tion of the apology for the bank came trom the
bank itself. I must do the gentlemen on the
committee the justice to say, that I believe tither
of them would,afleran application of two months,
during the recess of Congress, have produced a
more creditable production than the larger part
of this report—a report so meager in accurate
facts, and yet so fruitful in matters for conjec-
ture; a report which reluctantly admits what it
cannot conceal, and poorly attempts to cover up
what it had better have exposed to the world.
I give my belief that the report is not all pro-
duced by the same hand; I would not positively
say it is part fiom the bank and pari fiom the
committee. When the report sajs, on page 1,
" every facility was afforded by the officers of the
'institution winch the committee could have de-
' sired;" that "no hesitation or reluctance was
' manifested in furnishing every book or paper
•  which was required, and every avenue to a lull
' and free investigation not only at the bank but
'at the several branches visited by the committee
' or any member of it, was promptly hid open;"
when the report speaks thus, we would scarcely
believe the language to be that of the committee.
But win n the report, on page 46, says, " the
'directors should carefully have avoided eveiy
' appearance of mystery, nor should they have
' consented to place the pri sulent in a situation so
• full of embarrassments;" that " the committee
•  owe it to themselves to state that they submitted
' to the president the propucty of disclosing the
'objects of expenditure;" that "the president
' averred that the bank could not have the least
'difficulty in making an ample and minute de-
' tailed disclosure of every item of expenditure,
« so far as the bank itself or its officers were con-
' cerned; but urged the delicacy and justice, in
' his opinion, of refraining from disclosures which
' would most probably expose others, every way
' innocent, to vituperation, malignant aspeision,
'and, peradventure, personal vengeance," that
" he averred his willingness to verify,under any
' form of solemnity, in any way agreeable to the
• committee, for what the expenditure had not been
' made—that no portion of it had been made to
'subsidize any portion of the public press, or
' tamper with or alTect the purity of any public
« functionary; but reverted to the indelicacy and
'possible danger of exposing innocent persons to
' odium or persecution," when the report speaks
after this sort, I should be more than half inclined
to the belief that some one of the committee had
a hand in producing a part of it.
What a singular anomaly does the whitewash-
in" report of'the Finance Committee present!
The first statement is, that there was no conceal-
ment—that everything was thrown open to the
view of the committee, and by the committee to
the world. The last statement is nearly a full
pa^e of apology for concealment of everything
that tin president of the bank supposed would
make against him. Such a palpable contradiction
in a report of this kind, stamps its character as
scarr. ly more reputable than that of the subject
on which it treats We may believe such a re-
port, so far as it admits truth that makes against
the bank; we ran place no confidence in such
abortions, without proof, as make anything in
its favor.                                                            .
I have been forcibly struck, Mr. President,
with the keenness of sensibility evinced by the
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
bank and its fnends at every imputation of its I
intention to interfere with the politics of the coun- II
tiy. Fiom the first of January to the last of
December of every year since 1839, the burden
of the song has been that the bank keeps itself
entirely aloof from politics. Under the date of
June 19, 1809, we find Mr. Biddle writing to the
Secretary of the Tieasuiy:
•■ The officers ot tin hank anil all its brandies are thor-
oughly unhucd wall tin  spun, knowing, a  they do, tliat
tht n intcrurtiiet in puhtK.il contentions would be highly
offensive to the general adunin-trition ot the institution "
" I believe there are not m ttie whole countrv,aRy other
five hundred persons, ot equal intelligence, so ah-ti icted
trom puhlic allair-, a> the h\e huiuln d «ho are. cmplo\ed
m idimnistcring the hank ; and I am satisfied that no loan
«in e\er granted to, or w ithheld trom any individual, on
account ot partiality or hostility "
'• In the choice ot its agents and the distribution of Ms
loan-*, it should he wholly ímliíTcri lit to political parties "
'• la gem r il, Ihe el iss ot pircún-, activi H i ngagi dm po
litical c mtenttons, as well from their own want-, a« trom
the train ot adhc rt nt-, whose claims they are too prone
to support, ore among the ino t dangerous inmate's  ot a
bank   '
Again, General Cadwalader, acting piesident
of the bank, in the absence of Mr. Ciddle, writes,
under date ot August 4,1809, to the Secrettiiy of
the Treasury:
'• ft, honever, it can be shown that, in any quarter, the
officer- ot the bink hue lent tlicm-tlio*¡ a  the minister 
ol a partv, or have Used tht powi r of the corporation for
political purpose*, not a moment will be lost in visiting
such otic uses with the utmost seventy ot censure and pun-
ishment."
How graphically, in the one case, does Mr.
Biddle present m contrast the five hundred officers
of the bank operating throughout the Union in
the presidential and congressional elections of
li-30 and ls34, and the army of hired and pur-
chased and dependent " train of adherents," who
fought like bullies to overpower the people at
those elections; and how truly in the other case
does General Cadwaladerand his boaid of direct-
ors exhibit the picture of deformity which must
attach to officers of the bank, who stand con-
demned out of their own mouths.
The coirespondence of Mr. Biddle is full of
similar expressions of detestation, at all attempts
to make the bank instiuniental of promoting polit-
ical or party purposes. So much for lb29: we
find the case a /il//e altered in 183U In that year
the boaid gave their piesident authority to circu-
late an ai tide on banks and currency, (for wilting
and not printing, which Mr. Biddle paid Mr. Al-
bert Gallatin, it is said, $1,000,) published in the
American Quarterly Review, containing a favor-
able notice of tiip bank.
In 1831, Mr. Biddle suggested to the board of
directors the "expediency and piopnety of ex-
tending still more widely a knowledge of the con-
cerns of the institution;"and a resolution passed
the board, authorizing the piesident "to cause
' to be prepared nnd circulated, such documents
' and papers as may communicate to the people
' infoi mation in regard to the operations of the
'bank."
The directors of the bank say, in their pam-
phlet of 1833, that the expenses incurred, as stated
in the expense account, in executing these leso-
lutions, from December, 1&29, when the first assault
was made upon llu bank by the President, to the
piesent time, &c , amount to $58,265 05, &,c.
" So that the general result is, that within tour years past
the bank has been obliged to incur an expense ol $56,000
to dejend itself against injurious misrepresentation."
I wish the following sentence from the bank
pamphlet, published in December, 1833, should
be particularly noted:
" The bank has never interfered in the slightest degree m
politics, and never influenced, or sought to influence, elec-
tions : hut it will not be deteired by the menaees or clamors
of politicians from executing its dill) in defending itself."
This was said and solemnly declared to the
world in the latter part of 1833. February 4,
1834, the Committee of Finance of the Senate of
the United States gave their countenance to the
| above declaration, as will be seen in the follow-
ing extracts:
1 "The last charge preftrred against the bank by Mr.
Taney is, that it has ustd its means with a view to obtain
political power, and thereby-«cure a renew il of lis charter
"The very statement of such a charge, as a rea-on tor
the removal of the deposits, 'S calculan d to excite distrust
in the wisdom and nropneiy of that measure; because the
i charge, too general tobe proved, is also too general tobe
I disproved."   *   *   *   *   " Nor is it either acknowledged,
nor, so far as the committee know, proved, that the bank
took an open and direct interest, as a corpoiation, in the
election reterred to," [the presidtntial election of 18á2 ]
Even the report of the Committee of Finance
made at the last session of Congress, condemns
the interference of the bank in the elections. It
says.
'• For a great moneyed corporation, created to subserve
the purposes ol the country to lend itself to party, and to
enter, through its moneyed power, in any way into the po-
litical struggle's ot the day, would be to render it truly and
<lcs( ivedly odious."
The committee published several letters of an-
teuor dates, in which Mr. Biddle denies all inter-
feience of the bank m politics; from them I select
the following sentences:
Letter to J. Harper, Esq , Lexington, Kentucky, dated
January 9, 1829.
'■ r have myself an extreme unwillingness to blend poli-
tics with the "concerns ol the bank. Nearly all its inistor
tunes m ty be triced to this cause ; and in jour section of
the country we have surely Ind a melancholy experience
ol the hazard ot lending to politicians."
What politicians are meant here ?
Letter to  E   Shcppen, Esq, Louisiille, Kentucky, dated
FeWuary 12, 1809.
" That the others in Kentucky had suffered deeply from
the influence ol pulmonis; that we had lor some tune
been endeavoring to withdraw the bank out of the reach of
that influence ; that we had at length succeeded in giving
a business character to its tr uisactions," &c.
Letter to J. Johnson, Esq , Charleston,   South Carolina,
dated September 30, 1830.
" In the administration ot the Bank of the United States,
no principle is more fundamental than its total abstinence
lrom politics," &.c.
These and other letters, and extracts of letters
from Mr. Biddle, were published by the white-
washing committee, for no other seeming pur-
pose than to produce an impression on the public
mind that the managers of the bank had such an
innate abhorrence of politics and politicians, that
it might be safely swoin the bank retained, down
to the year the tepoit was made, its vestal virgin
purity, and had never interfered at all in politics.
But could that committee believe the American
people so destitute of common sense as not to
discover, even from the scanty evidence which
their report exhibited, that the allegation is false;
that the bank has abstained from duect and posi-
tive lnteiferenfte in the elections; and that the
board of directors, and all those who have given
cuirency to their statement of December, 1833,
that " the bank has never interfered in the slight-
est degree in politics, and never influenced, or
sought to influence, elections," stand convicted
of untruth in its deepest and broadest sense r
This unpardonable depaituiefrom the truth, con-
stituting a criminality even more flagrant than
the acts of interference themselves, may be pi o ved
in some fifty or a hundred cases. I shall content
myself in this place to cite one only.
As a pi elude to an exhibition of the sums paid
for publications, by the bank, to partisan editors
and others, the committee exhibit a letter from
Nicholas Biddle, under date of September 26,
1833, to the piesident of the Lexington (Ken-
tucky) branch bank, sending therewith a copy
of Mi. Webster's Sptech on the Piesident's veto
message, and also an article reviewing that mes-
sage. These, he states, it is desirable should be
circulated, to counteract the injurious impressions
which the message was calculated to make against
the institution. He also directs the publication
of Mr. Clay and Mr. Ewing's speeches on the
same subject, and says:
'• All 1 wish to caution you against is, that abstaining, as
the banl. does, from all connection with lihat are called poli-
tics, vou will confine your efforts exclusively to the distri-
bution of what may be explanatory of the opeirtions and
conduct of the bank."
Here was a very pretty and a very positive dec-
laration, with which the whitewashing committee
mio-ht commence their exhibition of " the account
of the Bank of the United States for printing, &c,
other than ordinary." To stamp an indelible
falsehood on the declaration that the bank, in the
\ elections of 1832, abstained from all political in-
terference, I will quote from the statement of the
committee one single item, as follows:
"Nathan Hale, printing forty thousand copies of Web-
ster'b speech at Worcester convention; twelve thousand
| fi ve hundí ed copies \\ ebster s speech on the bank veto, and
stitching, bo<es, freight by packet and stages, packing and
.   bending away, $9,422 65"
11     Now, I happen to recollect something about
