1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
:24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ktpurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
Senate.
tlements which was expended without the au- [
thontv ot" the General Government, and was
o\c'.usi\e'.y tile expenditure of the State. If the
bi'i allowing interest on claims to the States, to-
gether will  the land bill of 1832, had become laws,
it is ipnie certain ihcGovcrmuetit would have been
o>!¡C'il ti> resort to loans, or to increased direct
or indirect taxes. The vetoes of the President
harms also partially checked appropriations for
liueni.il improvements in some States to the entire
exclusion oí other States, has probably already
saved to the people an extraordinary expenditure
of the public money to the amount of more than
a hundred million dollars.
We next find the bank's speech laying in strong
cla.ms for its friends to the title of conservators
of the public-liberty:
•' iir, our condition is singularly paradoxical. We have
an Administration,opposed to Ule Constitution ; we llave ¡in
Opposition which is the mam support of the Government
andi the laws. We hartan Administration which denies
lo the wry Government which it administers powers which
u has exercised for forty years; it denies the protecting
power, (lie bank power, and the power of internal improve-
ment The great and leading measures ot" the National
Legislature are all resisted by it. These, strange as it may
seem, depend on the I 'ppositic.n for support. We have, in
truili, an Opposition without which it would be difficult for
the liiverninent to get along at all. I appeal to every mem-
her of Congress present (and [am happy to see so many
bere) to sa>, what would now become of the Government
if all the members of the Opposiuon were withdrawn from
Coniress. For myself,! declare my own conriction that
its e wtinuance in'uht probably be very short. Take away
the Opposition from Congress, and let usseewh.it probably
would l>e done the first session. The tariff would be en-
tirely repealed. Every enactment having protection by
duties as its main object, would be struck from the statute-
book. This would tie the first thing done. Every work of
internal improvement would be stopped. This would follow-
as a matter of coarse. The bank would go down, and a
Treasury money aeency would take its place. The judiciary
act of 1789 would be repealed, so that the Supreme Court
rhould exercise no power of revision over State decisions.
And who would resist the doctrines 6f nullification.'
Look, sir, to the votes of Congress for the last three years,
aiiJ >ou will see that each of these things would, in all
human probability, take place at the next session, if the
Opposition were to he withdrawn. The Constitution is
threatened, therefore—imminently threatened—by the very
lact that those are intrusted with its Administration who
are hostile to its essential powers."'
Here we find the virtues of the Opposition set
off in striking contrast to the tic«j of the friends
of the Administration; who dare dispute in rela-
tion to the bank, that
" Eren its failings leaned to virtue's side,"
when the virtues of the immaculate minority,
whose cause it espoused, are taken into consid-
eration. If it be a failing, after the positive assev-
erations of the president of the bank and the board
of directors, that they would abstain from all
interference in politics, that failing- must be over-
looked when we consider that the Opposition
which they supported were the " main support of
the Government and the laws," and that " with-
out this opposition, it would be difficult for the
Government to get alnng at all!" "The Consti-
tution was threatened, imminently thteatened,"
and there was none but the Opposition who could
"resist the doctrines of nullification." What
could the bank do better than furnish funds to
print and distribute forty thousand, a hundred j
thousand,a millionof speeches,to save the Union,
theConstitution, everything we hold dear? Great i
as was the danger—quite equal to total darkness, <
the absence of all good—from the friends of the
Administration in Congress, there was a greater
evil from the attempt to extend the power of the
Executive; and the bank had an excuse fordoing
anything, even usurping power itself, to put down
executive usurpation. Let us see what it has to
offer on this subject.
" But, sir, in my opinion, a yet greater danger threatens
the Constitution and the Government, and that is from the
attempt to extend the power of the Executive at the expense
of alt the ot her branches of the Government, and of the people
themselves. Whatever accustomed power is denied to the
Constitution—whatever accustomed power is denied to
Congress or the Judiciary—none is denied lo the Executive.
Here, ibere is no retrenchment; here, no apprehension is
felt for the liberties of the people; here, it is not thought
necessary to erect barriers against corruption.
" I bcem, sir, with the subject of removals from office
for opinion's sake—as I think, one of the most signal in-
stances of the attempt to extend the Executive power.
This has been a leading measure, a cardinal point, in the
course of Administration, it has proceeded, from the first,
on a settled sy-tcm of proscription for political opinions;
and this system it has carried into operation to the full ex-
tent of its ability. The President has not only filled all
vacancies with oil own friends, generally those most dis-
tinguished as personal partisans, but he has turned out
political opponents, and thus cicatcd vacancies, in .order
tli.it lie might lili them with his own friends. I think the
number of removals and appointments is said to be rico
thotuand. While the Administration and its friends have
been attempting to circumscribe and decry the powers be-
longing to other branches, it has seized into its own hands
a ir.itroimge most pernicious and coriiipting, an authority
over men's means of living most tyrannical and odious,
mid a power to punish freemen for political opinions alto-
gether intolerable."
+ **********
•• And what did we witness, sir. when tlv; Administra-
tion actually commenced, in the full exercise of its authori-
ty I One universal sweep, one undiitinguislipd blow,
leveled against all who were not of the successful party
No worth, public or private ; no service, civil or military,
was of power to resist the relentless greediness of proscrip- i
tion. Soldiers of the late war. soldiers of the revolutionary
war, the very cotemporary ot' the liherties of the country,
ail lost their situations. No office was too high, and none
too low; for office was the spoil, and all the spoils, it was
said, belonged to the victors '."
The Administration has bean guilty of the un-
pardonablesin of preferring its friends to its ene-
mies in making appointments to office; nay, it
has hardly done this, for it is well known a large
share of the patronage and the offices of the pres-
ent Administration have been bestowed on those
who are anything but friends. Will the bank
please to look in any direction where its friends
have the ascendency ? do they allow their oppo- ,
nents any favor when they have the power ?
Turn to Philadelphia, where even the humble
watch men we re turned out in droves;at New York,
where the municipal agents were changed, and
even the carmen denied their accustomed employ; ■
at Connecticut, where in almost the same breath
some three hundred judges, justices, and other
officers were driven from office during the panic
year; at even the State of Massachusetts, where
especial good care is taken that no friend of the
Administration shall receive any lucrative or hon-
orable appointment. The bank, without doubt,
might be brought to consent, in some instances(
to the appointment of friends of the Administra-
tion; but the conditions on which it would grant
favors would be well understood to be the same
as were made to Webb and Noah, and to Jasper
Harding, when it loaned the one some seventy
thousand, and the other some twenty-four thou-
sand dollars, without competent security; they
must consent to be sold, soul and body, to the
enemy.
Wé turn to another topic of the bank's Worces-
ter production:                                                                     I
" And is a press thatis purchased or pensioned, more free
than a press that is fettered ? Can the people look for truths
to partial sources, whether rendered partial through fear or
through favor? Why shall not a manacled press be trusted
with the maintenance and defense of popular rights ? Be-
cause it is to be supposed to be under the influence of a
power which may prove greater than the love of truth.
Such a press may screen abuses in Government, or be silent.
It may fear to speak. And may it not fear to speak, too,
when its conductors, if they speak in any but one way, may
lose their means of livelihood.' Is dependence on Govern-
ment for bread, no temptation to screen its abuses ? Will
the press always speak the truth, though the truth, if spoken,
may be the means of silencing it for the future? Is the
truth in no danger; is the watchman under no temptation,
when he can neither proclaim the approach of national
evils, nor seem to descry them, without the loss of his
place?        *********
" Some fifty or sixty editors of leading journals have been
appointed to office by the present Executive.   A stand has
been made against this proceeding in the Senate, with par-
tial success; but by means of appointments which do not
come before the Senate, or other means, the number has
1   been carne4 to the extent I have mentioned."    *       *
!'     " There can, sir, be no objection to the appointment of
i   an editor to office, if he is the fittest man.   There can be
i j no objection to considering the services which, in that or
I■ any other capacity, he may have rendered his country."
'   *       *       *       *    " But the ground of complaint is, that
the aiding, by the press, of the election of an individual, is
rewarded by that satne individual with the gift of moneyed
, offices.   Men are turned out of office and others put in, and
receive salaries from the public Treasury on the ground,
either openly avowed or falsely denied, that they have ren-
dered services in the election of the very individual who
¡ makes this removal and makes this appointment.   Every
man, sir, must see that this is a fatal stab at the purity of
the press."
How does the bank stand condemned fiom its
own  mouth?   Has it not directly bought up
i newspapers and editors like cattle in the market.'
i Where the Administration has employed editors
to the amount of hundreds, the bank has done
i the same thing to the amount of thousands.  The
bank has paid  money directly to  newspaper
editors and others, for electioneering services, a
portion of which wn  the money of the Govern-
ment. When has the Administration done as
much?   Never!
But the President has occasionally appointed
editors of newspapers to office; and the ground
of complaint is, that the-aiding by the pres of
the election of an individual, is rewarded by that
same individual with the gift of moneyed offices.
Now let us put another case, which might have
happened. Suppose the forty thousand Worces-
ter speeches had accomplished their intended
object, and placed a certain candidate in the chair
of the President; and let us suppose for these
services, for this speaking and writing, and the
bank for publishing, that " the aiding, by the
press, of the election of an individual, is rewarded
by that same individual with the gift of moneyed
offices." Wherein would the two cases differ?
Yet in the last-mentioned event we should have
witnessed no mawkish display of affected fear
of corruption, such as stands out so prominent
in the cases just quoted.
Again, hear the bank rerstis the right of the
President's veto:
" If the President is at liberty to negative any, or all of
these laws, at pleasure, or rather to refuse to render the
bills laws, by approving them, and still may neglect to
return them to Congress for renewed action, he will hold
a very important control over the legislation of this coun-
■ pyll             *******
" A silent vote on the bank bill would have been the in-
evitable tate of that bill, if us friends had not refused to fix
on any term for adjournment before the President should
have had the bill so longas to be required,by constitutional
provisions, to sign it, or to send it back with his reasons for
not signing it. The two Houses did not agree, and could
not agree, to fix a day for adjournment, until the bill was
sent to the President, and then care was taken to fix on
such a day as should allow him the whole constitutional
period. This seasonable presentiment rescued the bill from
the power of the silent negative."
Fortunate had it been for the bank if it had
taken measures that the " inevitable fate" of the
bank bill had been a silent veto! Never was there
a State paper sought for with such avidity by the
people—never did any public document, in so
short a space of time, throw so great a flood of
light over the community, as did the veto mes-
sage of the President. "A silent veto" was pre-
vented, and the bank intended it for evil; but
an unerring Providence turned that evil into
good.
One more extract from the bank's electioneer-
i ing document, and I am done with that:
" If the President be reelected, with concurrent and co-
| operating majorities in both Houses of Congress, I do not
j Bee that, in four years more, all the powers which is euf-
¡ fered to remain in the Government, will be holden by the
! executive hand.   Nullification would proceed, or will be
1 put down by a power as unconstitutional as itself.   The
I revenues will be managed by a treasury bank—the use of
■ the veto will be considered as sanctioned by the public
voice—the Senate, if not' cut down,' will be bound down ;
and commanding the Army and the Navy, and holding all
places of trust to be party property, what will then be left,
sir, for constitutional reliance?"
]                         *******
i " I fully believe, sir, that a great majority of the nation
desire a change in the Administration, and that it will be
difficult for party organization or party denunciation to
suppress the effective utterance of that general wish."
* * * * "I fully believe, sir, that gratifying
intelligence is already on the wing. While we are yet
deliberating in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania is voting. To-
day she elects her members to the next Congress. I doubt
not the result of that election will show an important
change in public sentiment in that State. I cannot doubt
that the great States adjoining her, holding similar consti-
tutional principles, and having similar interests, will feel
the impulse of the same causes which affect tier."    *
"At least, sir, let the star of Massachusetts be the last
which shall be seen to fall from heaven, and to plunge into
the utter darkness of disunion. Let her shrink back—let
her hold others back, if she can-at any rate, let her keep
herself back from this gulf, full at once of fire and of black-
ness ; yes, sir, as far as human foresight can scan, or humar;
imagination fathom, full of the «re and the Wood of civil
war'and of the thick darkness of general political disgrace,
ignominy and ruin."
The prediction that " a great majority of the
nation desired a change" of the Administration,
was quite as true as was the anticipation that in
four years more " all the power which is suffered
to remain in the Government will be holden by
the Executive hand;" or that " nullification will
proceed." And if the nation has been kept back
from the " gulf, full at once of fire and black-
ness," " and the blood of civil war, and of the
thick darkness of general political disgrace, ig-
nominy and ruin, "it is most apparent that neither
the "star of Massachusetts" nor the Bank of
the United States, nor yet the forty thousand
