414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....1st 3ess.
Expurgation of the Journal—Mr. Hill.
[May 27,"
Senate.
Worcester speeches which the bank paid for |
printine and circulating, have in anywise tended |,
to avert those calamities.
Such, Mr. President, is a sample of the leading
contents of the Worcester speech—of one of the
greatest efforts ever made to influence the result
of one of the most imnortant elections that ever
took place in this or any other country; a giant (
effort, which, if it had not been manifestly on the
wrong side, must have been attended with all the
success that the right deserves. Let it be remem- ',
bered, that this great electioneering effort was
made by the bank in the year 1832—let it be re-
membered that since that time (to wit: in De-
cember, 1833) the board of directors by a solemn
vote has declared " The bank has never interfered
in the slightest degree in politics, and never influ-
enced or sought to influence elections;" that this
vote has been backed up, so far as positive asser-
tion would co, by the friends of the bank :n both
Houses of Congress, and that the positive decla-
ration has been, both before and since, repeated
by the president of the bank. Remembering this,
what dependence can be placed on the truth of
the averments of any committee? Who shall be-
lieve that the president of the bank and the board
of directors acting under him, would not conceal
from them all the truth that made against them,
which they knew would not get out in spite of
their utmost efforts ?
Mr. President, I have shown you that the cap-
tion of the whitewashing committee, introducing
that part of the expenditures of the Bank of the
United States paid for printing,&c,is timisnomer,
leading to a false issue—disgraceful to the board
of directors, if intended as a deception on the
committee, and httlcwreditable to the intelligence
of the committee itself if suffered to be there
placed without a full understanding of its import. |
Meager as is the information contained in the
list of expenditures presented by the bank, re-
luctantly as was extorted the skeleton of facts
which the bank found it impossible longer to con-
ceal, it is, nevertheless, a document of immense
magnitude in assisting us rightly to estimate the
value of his services, who has eminently contrib-
uted to put an end to this institution. I will
only read a few items of the long list, for the pur-
pose of making a passing comment upon them.
The whole list ought to be published in every
newspaper of the Union; it ought to be stereo-
typed and published at the beginning of every
session of Congress, as of itself a most conclusive
reason against making any such grant as was
contained in the act of 1816, establishing the
Bank of the United States. The first item of
printing commences with the year 1829; it is the
following:
"To Garden &. Thompson, for triennial report, &c,
$24 87."
This Garden & Thompson, who subsequently
received from the bank their hundreds and their
thousands of dollars for different jobs, are under-
stood to have published a weekly newspaper,
called the Mechanics' Free Press, then the only
newspaper in the city of Philadelphia, opposed
to the recharter of the United States Bank. The
opposition of that paper was soon silenced. It
will be seen that the course of the bank has been
not less to reward its friends than to buy up its
enemies. According to this statement, the whole
expense for extraordinary printing in the year
1829 was only $105 25.
In the first half year of 1830, there was paid for
printing and distributing Smith and McDufKe's
reports to the two Houses of Congress, in favor
of the bank, $3,285 17. Among the items, Garden
and Thompson print to the value of $1,685 75.
P. P. F. Degrand, a foreigner and broker at Bos-
ton, whose officious interference in all matters
relating to elections, has been long well known in
New England,furnished the same to the amount
of $250; amlN. Biddle's bill for distributing, &c,
[Could "&c." mean writing and preparing re-
ports ?] was $700.
The second half of the year (all for Smith and
McDuffie's reports, and Gallatin's pamphlet)
amounts to $2,591 50. Again we have a pay-
ment to Garden & Thompson of $691; to 1ST.
Biddle for distributing McDuffie's report, $275;
to the same for printing Gallatin's pamphlet,
#1,000.   There can be little doubt the truth is
falsified here: the sum of $1,000 was probably
paid for writing the report, because E. Little, in
the very next line, is paid " for printing the same,
$300." Mr. Degrand again comes in for distrib-
uting Gallatin's pamphlet, $300.
The expense for extraordinary printing in 1830
is given at $5,876 67.
In 1831, for the first half year, the expenditures
swelled to the large amount of $10,401 74. Ben- ,
ton's speech in the Senate—which was not answered
in that body by the friends of the bank, had gone |
forth and been published in most of the Demo-
cratic newspapers of the country. The bank
immediately set to work, and employed writers
and reviewers and printers, to counteract the
effect of that speech. Hitherto the bank had gone
on very quietly, paying for the circulation of extra
reports made in both Houses of Congress, by
committees friendly to it; these reports invariably
presented precisely such, and no other facts and
arguments than could be elaborated from the par-
tial statements of the bank itself. But the repe-
tition of the opinion expressed by the President,
that the bank ought not to be rechartered, and the
general publication of Benton's speech in 1830
and 1831, created a necessity that the bank should
arouse its friends in all parts of the country.
This account commences with a payment to
Gales & Seaton for printing and  distributing
Mr. Gallatin's pamphlet, $1,300; $2,000 to Nich-
olas Biddle for the distribution  of Smith  and
McDuffie's reports; $733 75 for distributing the
same at New York; $123 to Gray & Bowen, of
Boston, for two thousand copies review of bank
report in the North American Review.    It will
be borne in mind that the bank not only subsi-
dized the newspaper press, but that the principal
reviews of the country, which should be devoted
i to  subjects  purely scientific and literary, and
] which claim confidence  for their  impartiality,
were paid for blindfolding the people in relation
to the true designs and intents of that institution.
| Jasper Harding, in this half year, receives $440
' for eleven thousand extra papers.    His paper,
i the Pennsylvania Inquirer, had taken ground in
favor of the Administration; it became important
that its influence should be purchased into the
I interest of the bank.    It was so purchased.    Not
1 only was Jasper Harding employed in jobs of
printing to a considerable amount, but he was
t suffered to contract a debt, as appears in another
1 part of the report of the committee, of $23,490 40, ¡
, without security for its payment, and not one
i cent of it probably ever was, or ever will be,
paid.
I     "James Wilson, twenty-five thousand copies of Mc-
j Duffle's report, and twenty-five thousand address to the
State Legislatures, folding, &c-, $1,447 75."
| This James Wilson lived west of the Alle-
' ghanies, and these publications were intended to
I influence public opinion in Ohio, Kentucky, and
the great West. The report very prudently omits
to state that the original bill showed that these
twenty-five thousand copies each of Messrs.
McDuffie and Smith's reports and addresses to
members of the State Legislatures, were furnished
"agreeably to order, and letters from John Sar-
geant, Esq.;" and that this gentleman was the
bank's candidate for Vice President, who came
here during the panic winter, at the head of a
committee, demanding, in the name of the State
of Pennsylvania, the restoration of the deposits
to the bank. That fact is shown in the memo-
rial of the Government directors to both Houses
of Congress, in December, 1833.
" To Carey & Lea, for printing Professor Tucker's article,
and one thousand of Gallatin on banking, $2.850."
These gentlemen, now that their occupation as
bank publishers is about to terminate, were to be
provided for by the subscription which the Joint
Library Committee had reported in their favor,
for five hundred copies of the History of Con-
gress.
The extra printing for the last half of 1831,
amounted only to $751 50¿, a large portion of
which was paid simply to editors for publishing
reports in their newspapers, which, ordinarily,
would have gone in as a matter of course; thus
Duff Green (then supposed to be opposed to the
bank) is paid $28 for publishing the report of
the stockholders; E. [presumed H.] Niles re-
ceives $70 for publishing in the Weekly Register
(a paper that contains no advertisements) the
report of the Bank of the United States; Garden
& Thompson again for publishing report of
stockholders [in their newspaper probably] and
extras $191 57; James Wilson (the peculiarly
favored printer of the State) for publishing report
of stockholders, $63 75. In this way editors
were paid for services that cost them nothing; for
inserting matter such as is usually given in a
newspaper as general information, and without
expectation of pay—a very considerable amount.
In this manner " golden opinions" were bought,
and almost every editor, in gratitude for the almost
unasked generosity of the bank, was induced to
espouse its cause with zeal.
The total amount for printing in 1831, as per
the bank's account, was $11,153 24*.
In 1832, the first half year presents only
$1,990 85. Of these there are two items to Carey
&Lca, one forpaperandextra binding,of $150 50,
and the other for expenses (writing the article
probably) attending Quarterly Review by orders,
$100. Gales & Seaton come in with a charge of
$800 for twenty thousand copies of " a pamphlet
concerning the bank," and $360 for one thou-
sand copies of McDuffie's and Adams's reports.
For the last half year the expense was $16,499
94j. It commences with the well-known name
of Jasper Harding, for printing review of the
veto, ana expenses incident thereto, (meaning, in all
likelihood, pay for writing,) and two hundred
handbills, ordered by Colonel J., $821 78; Ed-
ward Olmsted, bank documents, $624 11; same
for printing view, $418 25. On inquiry, I find
that this Mr.Olmsted is neither editornor printer,
but a lawyer, acting as treasurer for a " Young
Men's Clay Committee,"a body especially consti-
tuted to operate on the elections. John S. Riddle,
for printing and circulating reports of McDuffie,
Smith, Adams, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the speech of Webster on the President's
veto, and review of the veto message, is paid
$2,580 50. This Mr. Riddle was neither printer,
editor, nor lawyer, but a merchant, and treasurer
of the Old Men s Clay Committee, appointed, like
the other, to operate on the elections. William
Fry, printer of the National Gazette, is also paid
$1,708 for sixty-three thousand one hundred
Webster's speech on the veto message, and $501
60 for twenty-two thousand eight hundred copies
of Adams's and McDuffie's reports. James Wil-
son, of Pittsburg, is paid $580 " for printing done
for the bank," as per his own account rendered.
This item leaked out in consequence of another
gentleman of the same name taking the letter
from the post office, and finding in it Mr. Biddle's
draft. Wilson denied the purpose of this pay-
ment at the time, by equivocation; but after the
election had passed, the truth came out.
" William A. Merwin, printing General Jackson's veto,
thirty thousand copies, wrapping and distributing them,
$558."
This, the chairman of the committee informed
me, as we may well suppose, was a mistake; it
should be " General Jackson vetoed, thirty thou-
sand copies." , This expenditure was in the city
of New York. After this comes the charge of
Nathan Hale, of Boston, for forty thousand copies
of Webster's Worcester speech, and twelve thou-
sand five hundred copies of Webster's speech on
bank veto, &c, amounting to $2,422 65; and two
items, amounting to $766 40, for printing, in Ger-
man, extracts from Webster's speech and other
articles. The attempt to argue the German pop-
ulation into a belief of the necessity and utility
of the bank, or to enlist them in a crusade against
General Jackson and the Democracy was an utter
failure.
The expense for 1832 was $18,490 79i.
The first half of 1833 presents charges for
$1,305, and the last half amounts to $1,888 03.
Of this, Gales & Seaton have $1,895 for fifty
thousand bank report and other documents, and
William Fry has $870 for two items of charge in
bank reports. Total expense for the year, quite
moderate, is $3,193 03.
But it is the account for the memorable year of
1834 that presents the most audacious attempt to
excite public opinion and influence the elections,
that ever has come within my observation. The
items for the first half year are such as should
attract universal attention.    Considering what
