183&]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
for sake of the provocation. There is not the I
individual human being living whose happiness
I «ould not promote, and whose misery I would
not prevent. My course in the Senate, as in all
other places of a public character, has been
prompted, if I know my own heart, simply by
a regard to the public interests. I have never
sought controversy here for the sake of contro-
versy, nor have 1 sought to disparage other men's
opinions and actions, with a view to injure them
as men and as politicians; but to prevent the
injury which resulted from what I considered
erroneous doctrines and mistaken conduct. I
have never thrown myself upon the time or
patience of the Senate, without an honest con-
viction that I was performing a duty which was
due to the position I occupied. Whatever has
been done, if it be for good, need not be regretted
—it for evil, cannot be retracted, though the act
shall be condemned.
The five years I have been in the Senate, have
been a most interesting period in our public af-
fairs But very few times have the yeas and nays
been taken during that time, in which my name
does not appear; and there has been no question
discussed, no speech of any considerable length
delivered by any member, to which I have not
listened. This theater has been to me a school
fruitful in instruction. If I have embarked my
feelings on one side or the other in most questions,
I an scarcely less indebted to those Senators with
whom I have disagreed, than to those with whom
I have agreed, for the knowledge I have gained,
independent of the performance of public duty,
it would richly pay any man who wished merely
to benefit himself, to have been a constant attend-
ant on this body It has been my privilege to
receive this benefit, at the saaie time 1 have been
poorly performing the public duty which had
devolved on me. The party which, for a great
portion of the time, has here had the ascendency,
perhaps in no other place had gathered so great
a constellation of talent and strength of individual
influence as have been here exhibited, nor can it
be alleged that this talent and influence have not
been exerted to their utmost tension Powerful
as have been the champions of the other side, it
will be confessed that the number has been less,
and the claims for talent inferior, and if the smooth
stones chosen from the brook have sometimes
done execution, when thrown with a stripling
hand, may we not presume that the justice, if not
the superiority of our cause, has more than coun-
terbalanced the deficiency'
I leave the Senate, Mr. President, with the
wish that the beat of this world's blessings may
rest on each individual member and officer, and
in the hope that every exciting subject which
shall prompt to feelings of individual resentment
may be obliterated and forgotten when action
shall be no longer required for any beneficial
public purposes.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. H. HUBBARD,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
Ih tBr Senate, -May 24, 1836,
On the bill making appropriations tor the purchase of
sites, the collection of material*, and the commencement
of certain fortifications.
Mr. HUBBARD said:
Mr. President: At this late period of the ses-
sion it may fairly be presumed that every subject
connected with the legislative proceedings of
Congress has been so thoroughly examined) so
faithfully considered, and so well matured, that
every member of the Senate is prepared for
action; and that discussion, if not unacceptable,
would spem to be wholly unnecessary. I am
fully sensible of the truth of this sentiment, and
I can assure the Senate that no man more deeply
regrets than myself the necessity imposed upon
me to present my views upon the immediate
question btfon  the Senate If the honoiable
S« nator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] had
not expressly intimated that he should jenew his
No. 27
motion to strike fiom the bill the appropriation
for a fortification at Portsmouth, I would not
trouble the Sen-ite with one single remark, but,
Mi President, coming, as I do, fiom New
Hampshire, and being entirely sensible of the
importance of the proposed fortification near the
mouth of the Piscataqua, for the protection of
public and private property in time of war, and
tor the better security of an enterprising, intelli-
gent, and patriotic population in that immediate
vicinity, 1 should be deaf to the call of duty, I
should be faithless to the interests of my constit-
uents, if I should remain silent, if I should fail to
present to the Senate the facts within my own
Knowledge, and which facts cannot be presumed
to be within the knowledge of all the Senators.
If I ihouldfml to urge such general considerations,
which ought to, and which, I trust, will induce
the Senat  to retain this appropriation in the bill,
and that should any appropriation be made for
the following year, the particular amendment
presented by the Senator from Missouri, pro-
posing a like appropriation for 1837, will be
adopted. I must, therefore, ask the indulgence
of the Senate for a few minutes, with a view to
show the fitness, the propriety, the urgent neces-
sity of erecting a fortification at the mouth of the
Piscataqua, near the harbor of Portsmouth
In the first place, Mr President, we are relieved
from all constitutional difficulties in making ap-
propnations for objects of this character. They
are objects so intimately connected with the gen-
eral defense and permanent security of the coun-
try, so essentially necessary to the security of
public property, that theie is no doubt of the
constitutional authority of Congress over the
subject.
It is not only within our power, but I hold it
to be our bounden duty " to provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare of the United
States " So strong and so general was this sen-
timent that, in 1790, immediately after the adop-
tion of the present form of government, General
Washington, in his message to Congress, re-
marked that "among the many interesting objects
' which will engage your attention, that of pro-
' viding for the common defense will merit par-
« ticular regard To be prepared for war is one of
' the most effectual means of preserving peace "
In 1791, the same distinguished patriot agam
called the attention of Congress to the subject
by remarking, that " the fortifications of such
' places as are peculiarly important and vulner-
' able naturally present themselves to your con- i
' sideration "                                                        I
" The safety of the United States, under Divine
' protection, ought to rest on the basis of system-
' atic and solid arrangement; exposed as little as
' possible to the hazard of fortuitous circum-
' stances." In 1794, Washington communicated
that, " as auxiliary to the state of our defense,
' to which Congress can never too frequently recur,
' they will not omit to inquire whether the fortifi-
' cations which have been already licensed bylaw
' be commensurate with our exigencies." And
in his farewell address he urged upon the people
to bear in mind " that timely disbursements to
\ ' prepare for danger, frequently prevent much
I ' greater disbursements to repel it " Such were
i the sentiments of the Father of his Country, and
! such have been the sentiments of the most dis-
fnguished patriots of our Republic. Such has
been the favorite doctrine of every Administra-
tion, with, perhaps, a single exception, from the
formation of theGovernmentto the presentpenod.
As a means of defense, fortifications will continue
to be regarded as of primary importance, and in
the language of the Secretary of War, as used in
his able and acceptable report, " it is the duty of
<the Government to afford adequate protection to
' the sea-coast, a subject of paramount obligation;
« and that we are called upon by every consider-
' ation of policy to push the necessary arrange-
' ments as rapidly as the circumstances of the
' country, and the proper execution of the work
' will allow " " Every town large enough to
' tempt the cupidity of an enemy, should be de-
I ' fended by works fixed or floating, suited to its
'local position, and sufficiently extensive to resist
* such attempt as Would probably be made against
'it."   This, sir, is my text, and this my doc-
trine. Whatever may be our reliance upon the
efficiency of our Army in time of war, whatever
may be our confidence in the energies of our Navy
in the day of danger, yet it will not be denied
that fortifications, well manned and well armed,
are indispensablynecessary foraffordmgadequate
and proper protection to our principal harbors
and towns upon our maritime frontier In no
other mode or manner can the population and
property at particular points be so well defended
and so securely preserved It is then the voice
of wisdom and of prudence, the dictates of sound
policy and economy, to continue the system of
fortifications—of protecting our maritime fron-
tier, by the erection at important and vulnerable
points upon the coast, permanent and enduring
fortresses I believe this to be the prevailing
sentiment of our country, and in this day of our
prosperity, in the abundance of our means, we
ought to make liberal appropriations for objects
of general defense and permanent protection.
It cannot be controverted that some of our most
important harbois, some of our principal towns
and cities, some of our most valuable navy-yards
and naval depots upon our maritime frontier, are
at this moment entirely defenseless—so exposed
to attack, that, in the event of a war, they would
have to rely for their secuuty upon the forbear-
ance of the enemy. This is literally true with
reference to the whole extent of our maritime
frontier, within the limits of New England. It
is not my purpose to speak of any other point
except the harbor of Portsmouth, which requires
at the hands of the Government better protection,
security, and defense. I leave other places to the
care of other Senators, better able than myself to
look after their interests I am free to admit that
the opposition to this particular bill, as now mod-
ified, has greatly surprised me, after the expres-
sion of the unanimous opinion of the Senate upon
the subject of public defense, and of the duty of
Congress to make appropriations with reference
to that subject.
After the adoption of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Missouri in the early part of the ses-
sion, proposing to make appropriations for the,
permanent security of the country, I could not
but regaid it, in some degree, as a pledge on the
part of the Senate, to give " their support to such
legislative measures as shall have for their object
the accomplishment of these great purposes." I
could not have anticipated such an opposition,
as is made to this bill. It has not been urged
i from the commencement of debate, to the present
11 time; and he believed that it was not even pre-
tended by any one, that fortifications were not
necessary, and were not required by every con-
sideration of public policy, at the various points
named in the bill. It seemed to be distinctly
admitted, that a proper regaid to public and to
private security, called upon Congress to erect
adequate fortifications at the several places desig-
nated in the bill before the Senate And yet the
bill was opposed—strenuously and resolutely op-
posed. He would therefore attempt to show that
the opposition to the appropriation for a work of
defense near Portsmouth was altogether unrea-
sonable, and that the facts which he would pre-
sent to the consideration of the Senate would, he
believed, demonstrate the propriety, the peculiar
fitness, the absolute necessity of fortifying this
particular point upon our maritime frontier.
The bill proposes to appropriate for this year
«150,000 to this object, and the amendment now
' offered by the Senator from Missouri continues
the same amount of appropriation for the year"
1837. The immediate questions presented to the
Senate are—
First  Would a fortification at the mouth of tn«
Piscataqua river, under existing circumstances,
be necessary >
Second. Would it be practicable'
Third. Would the cost of its erection be ex-
travagant'                                         ,..-.!_
Fourth   Would its importance justify its prob-
able expense>
Certain the fact is, that, at-this time, there are
at that place no fortifications worthy of the name.
Fort Constitution, on New Castle Island, and
Fort McCleary, on the opposite side of the rner,
are bothítta ruinous condition. Theother works
