420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
principles—known data—upon which to base their ¡ |
estimate.    The size was determined; the number
of guns was fixed; the ground had been carefully
inspected bv the board of engineers in 1821; and
was udiiEcúlt for them, having fixed its size and
its number of guns, to have calculated with a great
decree of accuracy what would  be its cost?    It
is "worthy of remark, that this same board of
engineers then estimated the cost of the contem-
plated works at Penobscot at $100,000; and it
will be found, by looking into  the survey and
estimate made since, with reference to the cost of
the same work, that after a most minute, par-
ticular, and detailed computation of the expense
of the requisite materials, and of the expense of
the labor, that the aggregate of the cost exceeds
the estimate made by the board of engineers only
$I,0U0.    And such will be the result of any de-
tailed estimate of the cost of the contemplated ]
work at Portsmouth.    The value of the material
is not liable to great fluctuations; the cost of labor
is very nearly the same one season with another;
and whoever sees the work completed, will find
that the expenditure has not exceeded the esti-
mates,                                                                      i
The sentiments of the Senator from South Car-
olina upon that point deserve much consideration.
Every wise man who is about to build for him-
self a house, first computes the cost; and every
wise Gpvernment, before commencing any public
■work, should first compute the cost.    But, Mr.
President, all this will be done.    The Secretary
of War will decide upon its form, its location, and
have an accurate estimate made of its cost, before
a single dollar shall be expended under this ap-
propriation.  He would do all this, in the faithful
discharge of his official duty.    He would do this
with reference to his own reputation.    Another
idea has been suggested here and elsewhere, and
by way of objection to this bill, and that is, it
would prevent adistribution of the public moneys
among the States to the amount of the appropri-
ations.    I shall be slow to believe that any such
consideration   can   influence  the  action of this
body.    What works are neiessary, I trust will
be established, and what money can be judiciously
expended, I trust will be appropriated.   I am free,
however, to say that the following extract from
the speech of a member of Congress has, in some
measure, weakened my faith that the bill now
under consideration would be passed.
UA new and1 strong motive for economy is now presented;
a motive which would have its influence on him, in regard
to every expenditure! He looked forward to tue passage
of a bill now in progress for the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands, in effect, of the surplus revenue among
the States. He trusted the bill would pass the present
session."
The Senator from South Carolina says that he
"will vote for every measure, for every appropria-
tion which, in his judgment, is necessarily con-
nected with the general defense and permanent
protection of the country, and that he will go no
further. Just so far will I go, and no further.
What shall be necessary, what shall be judicious,
whatever the exigency of the country shall de-
mand, with reference to general defense, I stand
ready, with the Senator from South Carolina, to
appropriate; and I trust that no Senator in this
body, whether the friend or the foe of the Admin-
istration, would wish to do less, or who could
be induced to do more. Whatever the state of
our affairs, whatever the condition of our country
requires in relation to public defense, to general
security, is matter of opinion. Men may differ,
and honestly differ, in sentiment, with reference
to this question; but whatever is required, what-
ever is clearly necessary for the accomplishment
of these great objects, all profess, and I trust sin-
cerely profess, a willingness to grant. This, then,
should be the subject, the exclusive subject, for
Our investigation. We should enter upon its con-
sideration with minds free, from local jealousy,
from sectional feeling—we should lay aside every
political and party excitement, which may tend to
mislead and misguide oar better judgment. There
is great danger that we shall bring into this debate
too ardent a temperament for a fair discussion,
and judicious, determination of the whole mat-
ter.
1 have said, sir, that no Senator would wish to
go further than the Senator from South Carolina
profess ei himself willing to go, in rooking appro-
priations for this branch of the public defense.
There can be no disposition wastefully, extrav-
agantly, with no regard to economy, to appro-
priate the public money for fortifications. We
have light upon this subject sufficient for our
guidance. We have no occasion, at this day, to
engage in unprofitable, experiment, whatever may
have been the injudicious application of the pub-
lic money upon fortifications, at certain points,
heretofore. From actual surveys, from the most
careful and scientific examinations, we have now
shed upon this whole subject the most ample and
satisfactory information. The proper location of
the public fortresses, for general defense and per-
manent protection, the kind of fortifications ex-
pedient and necessary, are matters settled by
approved authority. The documental history
with which we have been furnished, clearly shows
at what points upon our sea-board, upon our
extended maritime frontier, further defenses are
required. In connection with this subject the
surplus revenue is constantly presented to our
consideration. That subject is arrayed before us
in the most imposing form.
i The Senator from South Carolina says that all
I the projects embraced in this bill, and all the pro-
! jecte in contemplation connected with the general
defense, cannot by any possibility reduce the rev-
; enue to the wants of the Government. Be it so.
I shall rejoice if the predictions of the Senator
! shall become history. But shall our course be
governed by the miserable and sordid policy, that
the amount of appropriations for public defense
is to be regulated by the effect to be produced
upon the surplus fund ? That we are to withhold
appropriations, if that fund should thereby be
lessened, so as to render it unimportant to make
distribution of the remainder among the States.
I protest against any such policy. What, sir,
have we to do with the state of the Treasury any
further than to ascertain whether its condition
will bear the appropriation contemplated? What
have we to do with the surplus money, in decid-
ing where and how and when' a fortification shall
be erected, for the purpose of permanent and
Eublic defense ?   Sir, whether the passage of this
ill, and whether the adoption of all the projects
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs should have the effect mentioned
by the Senator from South Carolina, or whether
! it should have the effect to exhaust every dollar in
j the Treasury, save what might be necessary for
the support of the Government, would be to me
I wholly immaterial.    1 would go on steadily and
! perseveringly to appropriate and expend for these
great objects as fast as I could,in the exercise of
i a sound discretion, and with a proper regard to
economy, until our chain of fortresses shall be
Cerfected upon our maritime frontier. This would
e my policy; and I shall endeavor to exercise
my best judgment, where fortifications are neces-
sary, with a view to defense and security; and
there, sir, I would erect them, and of such mate-
rials that the lapse of time can have no effect upon
their durability, be the cost, the charge, the con-
sequent expense ever so large.
I know of no better principle to guide us in
our action upon this bill, than to suppose that
our country, after a lapse of five years, will be
inevitably and unalterably involved in a war with
the most powerful nation in Christendom. What,
then, Mr. President, would be our action upon
this bill ? What would be the voice of wisdom,
of prudence? What would a proper regard to
public and private security, to general and in 
dividual protection demand at our hands? Pre-
cisely, sir, what the same general considerations
now require. What would then be the dictate of
good sense, of sound discretion, would now be
suggested under the influence of the same saffc
principles. If we were certain that after the ex-
piratiqn of .five years, war, with all its evils,
were to visit our land, there is no man who loves
his country, there is no patriot who would not
exert all his energies to be prepared for the ca-
lamity, to strengthen our weakness, to fortify
every vulnerable point, to render impregnable our
sea-coast and our lake frontiers, to put in perfect
defense our whole country—this would be the
course of every patriot. And, Mr. President,
just this course should be observed now with ref-
erence to this subject.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
REMARKS OF HON. S. WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Senate, May 24, 1836.
The bill to provide for the commencement of new Forti-
fications, introduced by the Committee on Miliary Affairs
of the Senate, being under consideration-
Mr. WRIGHT said: When the subject was
last before the Senate, he had moved an adjourn-
ment, with the intention, more particularly, of
making a reply to some of the remarks of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] who had just then-addressed the body
against the bill. So much time, however, had
elapsed, that the reply intended had been prin-
¡ cipally abandoned, and as he did not see that
i Senator in his seat, and understood he was absent
upon official duty, he should only notice such of
his observations as were material to the views he
proposed to present upon the merits of the bill.
i On the 18th of February last, the Senate came to
i a final vote upon a resolution offered, at an early
¡ day of the session, by the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] upon the subject of ap-
propriations for the public defense. All would
recollect the declaration of the mover of the resolu-
tion, made at the time of its introduction, that he
considered it antagonistic to the two propositions
then before the Senate for the distribution among
the States of the. public money in the Treasury:
the first, the land bill; and the second, the prop-
osition of the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] so to amend the Constitution of the
United States as to authorize an entire distribu-
tion for a series of years of the surplus revenues,
from whatever source derived. None could have
forgotten the protracted debate upon that reso-
lution, or the views entertained and expressed by
those who took part in the debate. Upon the
one side, the declarations of the honorable mover
were sustained and enforced; and upon the other
side, the policy of a system of fortifications was
resisted by some, while others admitted and ad-
vocated the policy and expediency of such a
system, but denied that the land bill was antag-
onistic to the proposed appropriations. The sub-
ject occupied the principal attention of the Senate
for some four weeks, and a very slight modifica-
tion only was adopted.
The palpable and declared object of the reso-
lution was to present to the Senate the great and
vital question, whether the surplus revenues in
the national Treasury should be given away, as
gratuitous to the States, before the public defense 
were provided for, or whether those defenses
should first command the attention and favor of
the National Legislature. The resolution, as
drawn and offered, related to the surplus, and
necessarily presented this question, The modi-
fication merely removed the. application of the
resolution from the surplus revenue to the whole
revenues of the Government, and made the pledge
more broad than the mover of the original reso-
lution had proposed. In its amended shape, it
stood in the following words:
" Resolved, That so much of the revenue of the United
States, and the dividends of stock receivable from the Bank
of the United States, as may be necessary for the purpose,
ought to be set apart and; applied to the general defense
and permanent security of the country."
In this shape it was'voted upon by the Senate 
and, upon, a call of th,e yeas and nays, every
Senator then in his seat, to the number of forty-
two out of the forty-eig^h't membersof the body*
recorded his name in favor of it.
Mr. W. said he thought hé hftd a right to ask
whether this vote ought not to have been con-
sidered a pledge to the country, on the part of
the Senate, that all necessary appropriations for
the public defense should be first made out of the
public moneys in the Treasury, before any other
disposition should be attempted' to be made of
those moneys? He thought the inquiry could
not be considered impertinent, or improper, and
he called the attention of those Senators who had
voted for that resolution to its fair implication,
and to the measure now under discussion. This
was the first measure for general public defense
which: had been presented for the action of the-
