1836.]
i^PEMWX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
HAth Cose..,. 1st Sess.
Tht Deposit Banks—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
believed this surplus would be very large on the
hrst dav ot Januaiy m \t, notwithstanding our
li'>erxl appropriations. He had lunist.lt made an
estimate of tin  amount, but he would not now
commit himself b\ swung it, as it had not been
made wall suthca nt care to enable him to bpeak
with any degree ot posmveness.
He would take this oeeasion to remark, that
although he had vottd, and intended to vote
dunng the present session, in tavoi of hbeial,
some might biy , extra v isjant, appropnationa tor
detense, he considin.it these appropualions as
the exi-option juatiued by tlit apee ml eircum-
stances in which the cuuntry whs plan (I, and not
as the general tule. He never should depart
iiom those maxims of sound and wholesome
teonomvby which t hi ¡> Government ought always
to be administered The expenditures authorized
at tlie present session ought not to be considered
ns a standard tor future years. He presumed
no St nator thought of increasing the permanent
« xpenses of the country to anv such standard
We had just finally discharged the debt contracted
during tht last war, our Treasuiy was overflow-
ing, and all we had done was to appropriate more
money than had been usual heretofore, to the
completion of those necessaiy defenses which
had been projected long ago, and which the safety
ot the country demanded. Whilst we were paying
our debt, policy íequired that wt should not pro-
gress in these measures as rapidly as we ought
now to do Hence, increased appropriations
were now highfy proper, not for the purpose of
wasting the public money in useless expenditures,
but for the purpose of accomplishing objects
which have always been deemed necessary. For
his own part, he never had voted away, and
he never should vote away, a dollar of public
money, merely because we had a surplus in the
Treasury.
Mr B said he would proceed to make a few
remarks upon the plan  proposed by the Senators
from South Carolina and New York, for dispos-
ing of the surplus in the Treasury, and first, in
regard to that of the Senator from South Caro-
lina. He proposes to loan the balance remain-
ing m the Treasury at the end of each year, until
June, 1842, after deducting therefrom $3,000,000,
to the several States, without interest, each State
receiving such a proportion of the whole amount
as her Senators and Representatives in Congress
bear to the whole number of members of both
Houses. These sums are to be refunded to the
Treasury of the United States at such times as
Congress shall by law provide.
Mr. B. said he would waive for the present any
constitutional doubts which may exist in regard
to the power of Congress to distribute among the
several States the surplus revenue derived trom
taxation. He would merely remark, that if we
do not possess the power to make such a distri-
bution, he could not perceive by what authority
we could make the loan proposed by the gentle-
man. If you have not the power to give the prin-
cipal, whence can you derive your power to give (
the interest' To loan the States this money with-
out interest, is to make them a donation of an
annuity equal to six per cent, per annum, for an
indefinite period, on the sums which they may
respectively receive In any constitutional view
of the subjpet, he could not perceive how the in-
terest could share a different fate from that of the
principal. This was not to be a mere deposit
with the States for safe-keeping, it was intended
by all that the money should be used by the States
in the construction of internal improvements, in
the payment of their debts, and in accomplishing
every object which they might deem useful. If
we possess the power to loan the public money
to the States in this manner, we might at once
give it to them absolutely.
The leading objection which he had to this sys-
tem was, that its direct and continuing tendency,
at least until 1842, would be to create a bias in
the Senators and Representatives of the States in
Congress, in opposition to the fair and efficient
administration of the Federal Government. The
Senator from South Carolina, feeling the force of
this objection, has attempted to obviate if by
stating that the strong tendency of the action of
this Government was towards consolidation, and
this piopoaiuan would be useful as a counteiact-
íng torce. Mi B would now neither dispute
nor athrm th<; pioposmon ot tht Senator in regard
to the central tendency of this Government, but
this he would say, that in avoiding Scylla we
must take caie not to rush into Chaiybdis. He
thought the counteracting power of the gentle-
man's bill would be so excessive that it might
drive us into the opposite extremes and thus be-
come dangerous
He disclaimed the sentiment that the people of
this country can be bubtd with then own money
He did not believe that theie now existed, or evtr
had existed upon eaith, a more vutuous people
than our population in the mass.    But we had
been taught by divine authority to piay that we
might not be led into temptation      It wab the
pait of an enlightened statesman to make the
interests of men conespond with  then   duties,
whenever that was possible    Their action, then,
to promote the public good, would oe free and
unrestrained     But in what situation should we
place ourselves by the adoption of this proposi-
tion'    Ineveiycase requiring an appropuation
of public money, the direct and immediate pecu-
niary interestof our constituents would be duectly
at war with the performance of our duties as
members of Congress.   Now, sir, we might be
as pure as angels, and yet, unless we were as
wise also, such a position, without our own
knowledge, would create a powerful bias in our
minds.    Is it wise, is it politic, voluntarily to
place ourselves in the position of antagonists to
the very Government of which we are members'
Adopt this proposition, and what will be the con-
sequence'   Should the Executive recommend, or
the interest of the country require, the constiuc-
tion of a fort, of an arsenal, of a navy-yard, of a
ship of war, or any other expenditure necessary
for our permanent defense, we would not only
inquire into the justice and expediency of the
expendituie,  but  we  should  involuntarily ask
ourselves, how much will this expenditure reduce
the  dividend  of the  public money which  our
respective Sta'es will receive at the end of the
year'    Every dollar that we can subtract fiom
the purposes intrusted to our special caie by the
Federal Constitution, will add a dollar more to
the surplus to be distributed among our constit-
uents.    We should thus become antagonists (he
would not use the new word) to the veiy Gov- i
ernment of which we ought to be the suppoi ters
How much money will each appropriation take
fiom our dividend would be an inquiry constantly
obtruding itself upon us     In ordei   to justify
ourselves to our own consciences for opposing
any appropriation here, we would become in-
genious in magnifying the comparative import-
ance of the objects to which the States would
apply the money     We might thus charge the
nature of our Government, and if its tendency
be now toward' consolidation, we might rush to
the opposite extieine  by the adoption of this
proposition, which, by its terms, is to continue
in force for six successive years
Would any prudent man place in the hands of
his agent, whom he had employed to build a
house for him, a sum of money, and tell him that
what remained of this sum, afte  completing the
work, should be his own' This would be to
offer him a premium for not incurring the neces-
sary expense to enable him to perform his duty
We shall be such agents precisely, should this
amendment be adopted. Our constituents will
receive every dollar which we can subtract fiom
the purposes of the Federal Government during
a period of six years.
Mr. B. said he greatly preferred the distribution
proposed by the land bill to that of the Senator
from South Caiolina. The same objection did
not exist to it It assumed as a principle, that
the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
belonged to the States It withdrew from this
Government the entire fund. It would leave us
to administer th<> Government out of the other
means which still remained. It was a fixed and
certain mode, and did not seek to distribute a
mere surplus of what might remain in the Treas-
ury after we had provided for other objects. Be-
sides, the money was granted absolutely, and not
loaned to the States.    But he did not intend to
discuss the meuts or demerits of the land bill
upon the present occasion
If Mr B. could consent to vote for the proposi-
tion of the Senatoi from South Carolina, he would
not object to that part of it which distributes the
money in proportion to the representation of
each State in both branches of Congress. If there
wen no other considerations in its favor, which
he did not admit, he thought the magnanimity
of the large States should induce them to give
their smallei sisters this compaiatively tutting
advantage
Mi B said he might yet be compelled to vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator fiom
New Yoik, foi investing the surplus revenue in
stocks issued by the States, but if he should, it
would be with extreme reluctance. He could
only be induced to give such a vote upon the
pnnciple that it was a less evil to dispose of the
public money in this manner, than to keep it any
longer in the deposit banks
He admitted that these State stocks had a per-
manent and fixed value. They did not fluctuate
in the market like other stocks. Nobody doubted
their security, and the comparatively trifling rise
and fall in their puces depended entirely upon
the plenty or scarcity of money. A large pro-
poition of these stocks were held in Europe He
knew this to be the case a few years ago; and he
presumed there had been no considerable change
since. Their price had always been high in our
market, from the fact that capitalists in Europe
were glad to make safe investments, which would
yield them an interest of foui or foui and a half
per cent. Upon this point of the case he thought
the Senator from South Carolina had not suc-
ceeded in refuting the argument of the Senator
fiom New Yoik. It was true that the price of
this stock might be enhanced by the Government
becoming a large purchaser in the market, but
this advance would be inconsiderable, compared
with the advantage of taking the surplus revenue
from the deposit banks, and putting it into gen-
eral circulation among the people.
Mr. B. did not concur with the Senator from
South Carolina, in believing that such invest-
ments in State stocks could be of any advantage
to those States which had issued them. No
matter who held the certificate, whether the United
States or individuals, the States were equally
bound to pay the accruing interest, and finally
discharge the principal. If the price of these
stocks should be permanently raised by the in-
vestments of the Government, the States might
hereafter obtain loans on somewhat more favor-
able terms than they had done heretofore, but in
regard to the old stocks, the States would con-
tinue precisely in the same situation they are at
piesent In one respect they might be injured
instead of benefited If they wished to purchase
in their own stocks, before the time they should
become payable, as New York had done, the
price might be raised upon them
Mr B doubted whether a sufficient amount of
these State stocks could be purchased to absorb
the suiplus in the Treasury. They were limited
in amount, and a large proportion of them was
held in Europe. He would be glad to obtain
i more information on this branoh of the subject
I than the Senate now possessed. Of one thing,
however, he felt very certain. If the surplus
could be nivested in these stocks, we could do
nothing which would more immediately relieve
the money market of the country. He believed
that the truth of this proposition was so manifest
that it was wholly unnecessary to do more than
merely to state it.
He had one very strong objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York. The rage
for speculation which now existed throughout
the land, was the curse of the present time. 1 he
gambling in stocks was infinitely worse in its
consequences to the community, than all other
kinds of gambling united. This spint was rap-
idly extending itself throughout the whole coun-
try It enabled those who were initiated in the
fluctuations of the money market, to take advant-
age of others who were less skillful, and to
accumulate rapid fortunes at their expense Al-
though it might be true, and he believed it was
true that the measure proposed by the Senator
