432
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Removal of the Florida Indians—Mr. White.
Ho. of Reps
passed by the Senate.   The United States have
set apart the lands, paid the annuities, and in
every form and manner executed with fidelity, ]
and the most scrupulous honor, all their stipula- i
tions.                                              .
We are now told, for the first time, that this
treaty is not binding, and we are called upon to
set it'aside.    We are called upon, too, by gentle-
men who complain most loudly against the nulli-
fication by Georgia of a decision of the Supreme
Court, made in support of the rights secured to
Indians under theirtrealieswiththisGovernment.
I demur to the jurisdiction of this House, and
deny its authority to vaeate or annul a treaty
ratified by the Senate, and proclaimed by the
President as a law of the land.    I go further: I
deny the authority to withhold an appropriation
to execute an existing treaty, or to refuse to sup-
ply the subsistence to those Indians who have
removed, or those who may go or be removed'
during the present year.   This House, by a
unanimous vote, decided that in their opinion
the French Chamber of Deputies had no right
to refuse the appropriation to carry into effect
our convention with France, and that the treaty
must be insisted upon.    I might ask whether any
gentleman who voted for that resolution cancon-
si8tently vote against an appropriation to execute
this treaty?   I say this treaty.   Have We authority
in this indirect way to vacate it?   I proceed, how-
ever, to examine the grounds on which it is at-
tempted to be impeached; and I will show they
are as deficient in sound argument as they are
fallacious in principle.
Tlie first ground taken is, that this treaty is
void, because it was not presented to the Senate
at the first session after its conclusion for ratifi-
cation. To this I have first to answer, that neither
the Constitution, the usages of this Government,
nor the principlesof international law, require any
such thing. On the contrary, what is now con-
tended for the first *ime is condemned both by
practice and ptinwple. We have examples under
this Government in which the Executive and-
legislative departments have, in their intercourse
with foreign Governments, maintained the reverse
of what is now contended for by the gentleman
from Vermont. The Florida treaty was con-
cluded the 22d of February, 1819, and was not
ratified by the King of Spain until late in the year
1821. We did not then argue that that treaty
was void. On the contrary, the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] over
the way vehemently maintained that it was a
treaty from the date of its signature by the re-
spective plenipotentiaries, and the President and
Congress maintained the same ground. The
French convention, which has so recently excited
such deep interest from' one end of this country
to the other, was signed at Paris On the 4th of
July, 1631, and a contest has been carried on for
the last two years whether this was a treaty or
not without the confirmatory approbation of the
French Chambers in the form of an appropriation.
This House resolved unanimously to insist upon
it as a treaty. Hesre, then, is ai treaty signed by
the competent authorities, dependent upon two
acts, which the President and Senate, to whom
has been confided by the Constitution the diplo-
matic relations of our Government, have decided
to have been performed, the treaty ratified in due
form o£ law, ami yet it is proposed to vacate and
nullify it by aself-constituted ' aula regis,* which
assumes, to decide, what the Constitution never
gave thrana, the right to inquire into and set at
naught tlie supreme law.
I proceed, however, to the second ground'
alleged by the gentleman, in understood him
correctly, he maintained that because one third
of these Indians had not been removed in 1833,
and one third in 1834, the whole could not be<
removed in 1835, when the treaty required that
the last of them should be removed. That they
did not go and examine the country and report'
their agreement or dissent in time for one third
to remove in 1833, was their own fault or omis-
bíoitj which, upon any principle of national law,
they cannot claim as a release of their obligation.
The final period fixed for the removal of the whole
tribe expired in May, 1835. Whether the delay
of the two preceding years was produced by the
acta of toe Indian  or the omissions of the Gov-'
ernment, is a matter which in nowise invalidates
the obligatory effects of the treaty. It does not
appear that the Indians, through their agent,
complained, and no one has a right to complain
for them.
If it really be a hardship upon these Indians to
execute their agreement, and remove to the west-
ward, one third of the nation has had the benefit
of two years' residence in Florida longer than
was contemplated and agreed upon, in conse-
quence of their omission, and of course cannot
complain of the Government for this forbearance
and indulgence. The treaty was ratified in 1834.
The period arrived when, by the expiration of
three years, the tribe were to remove. They
manifested some reluctance to execute this con-
tract, and after various equivocations, delays, and
impositions, they were told they must go. Yes,
sir, this cruet and inhuman Government, who
were urged on by some gentlemen who are now
opposed to this appropriation, to make war on
France for a delay in not executing their contract,
signified to the Indians as they did to Louis
Philippe, that we insisted upon the treaty; they
were further told that if they longer delayed to
perform what they had promised, after they had
accepted the annuities and considerations stipu-
lated by this Government, they must be forced.
This is the cruel injustice so much complained
of by the gentleman from Vermont. After some
i remonstrances and petitions on their part to the
i commanding general, they entered into a new
agreement with him, which has been printed and
placed on our tables, communicated by the Pres-
ident in a special message, which I will read:
i " We, the undersigned chiefs and sub-chiefs of the Semi-
nole tribe of Indians, do hereby, lor ourselves and for oar
people, voluntarily acknowledge the validity of the treaty
between the United States and the Seminole nation of In-
i dian«, made and concluded at Payne's Landing, on the
Ocklawaha river, on the 9th of May, 1839, and tlie treaty
between the United States and the Seminole nation of In-
dians, made and concluded at Port Gibson,on the 28th day
of March, 1833, by Montford Stoic?, Jí. L. Ellsworth, and J-
F. Sehermeihnrn, coimnifSioners on the part of the United
States, and the delegates of the said nation of Seminole
Indians on the pait of the said nation ; and we, the said
chiefs and sub-eh+els, do, for ourselves and for our people,
freely and fully as-sent to the ahove recited treaties in all
their proviMons and stipulations.
" Done in council at the Seminole aeciicy, this 23d day
of April, 1835.
•' Signed hy sixteen Chiefs and Sub-Chiefs,
" In presence of
¡     " D. L. CLINCH. Brig. Gen. U. S. A.,
" A. C. W. FANNING, Brevet Lieut. Col. U. S. A.,
" C. M. T fiHUSTON, Captain 3d Regt. Artillery,
"T. W. LENDKUM, Captain 3d Regt. Artillery,
"JOSEPH W. HARRIS, First Lieut. 3d Artillery,
" WILEY THOMPSON, Superintendent to remove Semi-
liole Indiana."
It appears by this agreement, thus voluntarily
entered into, that a further time of nearly one
year was given to them upon a solemn pledge
that they would execute their agreement, in con- I
formity with the provisions of the treaty, by a
removal to the land assigned them. This agree-
ment was signed by sixteen chiefs.
Some time after this, Powell, who had made
the greatest difficulty, came in and signed the
same agreement voluntarily, as detailed in the
report of the War Departmen t, which I will read:
" General Thompson, in a letter of the 3d June, reported
that Powell, one of the most influential chiefs of Semi-
nóles, had behaved 80 badly in his office that he was put in
irons and confined. On the next day, however, he signi-
fied his regret, and his willingness to sign the agreement
and emigrate. To test his sincerity he was released, and
had five days given to him, while at hbeity, during which
he could come forward to ami his name to the instrument
the others liad signed. < Trae to his professions,' says the
agent, ' he this day appeared, with seventy-nine of his
people., men, women, and children, including some who
had joined him since his conver-uon, and redeemed his
promise. He told me rnanyof his frienüs Were oüt huntine
whom lie eould and would- bring over oh their return I
have now no doubt of h  sineetity, and a  little, thaf'ttaa
greatest difficulty is surmounted.'"
Between the 25th of April and the- time of
gathering* their crops-, the wlrtile period was em-
ployed in preparations for War. The period
arrived, at which, by this new agreement, the
Indians were to remove. It will be observed
that this was the third contract, signed by all the
chiefs, with the prolongation and indulgence I
have referred to. When, in violation of these
promises and conventions, they commenced open
hostilities against the unoffending inhabitants of
Florida, laid waste and desolated three counties,
destroyed more than a million of property, and
massacred one hundred of your best officers and
troops, before any force could be called into the
field to resist them.
Now, if the validity of this treaty is to be de-
termined by this House, according to the rule
prescribed by the gentleman from Vermont, upon
an inquiry whether " our quarrel is just," I ask
every member of this committee whether, before
God and ail mankind, our cause is not just?
You have seen that, under the Spanish Gov-
ernment, these Indians, as a notion, owned no
lands in Florida. You have seen that, by a treaty
with the Spanish Government, they had acknowl-
edged the Spanish King as the lord and sovereign
of the country; and that his Catholic Majesty
had ceded the provinces to the United States
without any stipulation for these Indians. I have
referred to the message of President Monroe, and
the communications of the Secretary of War,
Mr. Calhoun, in 1823. I will now read a part
of the report of the Committee of Indian Affairs,
made at the second session of the Seventeenth
Congress, in pursuance of the opinions then
entertained ana expressed by the Administration
of Mr. Monroe.   The committee say:
" By referring to tlie documents which were communi-
cated to the committee by the honorable Secretary of War,
it will be found that, previous to the cession of Florida to
the United States, the Indians were incorporated among
suhjects of his Catholic Majesty, and that each Indian had
a right to land as well as, and on the same footing with
white, free black, and colored subjects, in any part of the
province; a right to lands mdiiidually, but none nationally;
as the full and complete jurisdiction and sovereignty was
vested in, and exercised by, the Spanish Government."
You have seen that, notwithstanding these
opinions of President Monroe and his adminis-
tration, of a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, concurred in by the House; of the
recommendations of General Jackson, then Gov-
ernor of Florida, that, in the face of all these, a
treaty was made with these Indians, guarantying
to them the possession of five millions of acres
of land in East Florida; and that, from their lazy,
indolent, and vicious habits, when they were in
a state of actual starvation, they were relieved
by the charity of this Government, until, by their
own act, and upon their petitions repeatedly pre-
sented, they surrendered, by treaty, this country,
thus improvidently granted to them in the first
instance, and, after two ratifications of the same,
they commenced a barbarous, unprovoked, and
ferocious war upon men, women, and children,
and we are now in this Hall called upon to decide
whether our " quarrel be just," before appropri-
ations are made to force them' to execute this
treaty.
I have thus given you a history of the acts of
this Government in reference to these Indians, by
which it will appear that, from the period of
President Monroe's administration to the present
day, the conduct of this Government has been
marked by forbearance, moderation, and hu-
manity to these miserable, half-starved, runaway
rogues and assassins, in whose favor some sym-
pathy and commiseration is attempted to be ex-
cited, at a moment when their tomahawks and
scalping-knives are reeking with the blood of
innocent women and children, and when your
whole sou them frontier is agonized by this ruth-
less and unprovoked war.
We are told that the first act of hostility abro-
gates all treaties; and, after the most unsuccessful
military operations, in which we have failed to
chastise this banditti, that we are to inquire
whether it is not better that this Government
shall abandon the idea of compelling, by forcible
means, the execution of this treaty thus made,
ratified, and sanctioned. This would, indeed, be
adding disgrace to misfortune, and prove that this
Government, like that of Rome, after Augustus,
had, at this early period, been afflicted with a
dropsy at the heart, and a paralysis in the limbs.
Sir, if we are to abandon this whole frontier and
sea-coast to this miserable gang of desperadoes,
there is not a power on earth that will not despise
us for our impotence and pusillanimity.
The gentleman from Vermont has read papers
detailing the conduct of our Indian agent in cash-
iering and deposing five chiefs; which act, he
omitted to tell the House, was disapproved, con-
demned, and censured by the President and Sec-
retary of war.   He has also referred to other acta
