1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Removal of the Florida Indians—Mr. White.
Ho. of Reps.
of this aeent, and General Clinch, which seem |
to nit. only to be rtfimd to in odium of the Gov-
ernment Whntevt r may hive been the good or
e\ il deed's of tills igent, he has gone to his last
UAOiint—filling ivictim to that treacherous hand
which, m token ot friendship, received from him
the rifle which became the fatal instrument of his
0*11 di strut, mi)
The h i-TU igo of General Clinch w as that which
he vv 1- instructed to use by the Piesiduit of the
Umud S ates, and what was that language' It
wis to inform these deceitful, equivocating bar-
barians that unless they complied with their con-
tract, the) should be forced to do it. There are
some gentlemen on this floor who were prt pared
to use this linguige to the gallant and high-
minded nuionw ith vv horn we were recently upon
the eve of a serious difficulty. It has been inti-
mated thit this difficulty was precipitated by an
attempt to secure, by some means, fair or toul,
the negroes that these Indians had stolen from
the cuizms of the State of Geoigia many years
ago It has been said, too, that application was
made to the Indian Office, and an intimation
given by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
that notwithstanding the intercourse law of 1802,
that individuals icUhoullicense could be permitted
to purchase these negroes. It has been said that
individuals acung upon this opinion had pro-
ceeded to the agency, and although they were
not permitted to enter the nation, that they inti-
mated to Indian negroes at the agency, their
objects and purposes, which, being communi-
cated to the negroes of the nition, was one of the
primary cvuses of this violation of the treaty,
and of the desolatms war which succeeded.
Of this I know nothing But I have prepared
a resolution calling for this information, which,
if true, may call down upon those concerned in it
the consequences which must follow from such a
development.
I must h*=re notice a letter which has been read
from tin Governor of Florida, dated in March,
ls35.    Of the contents of this letter I never heard
before it was read by the Clerk, at the instance
of the gentleman from Vermont.    This letter, as
I understand it, expresses the doubts of the Gov-
ernor of the validity of the treaty of Payne's
Landing, in 1832     It proceeds to warn the Gov-
ernment of the consequences of attempting to
enforce it.    The Governor is about the last au-
thority that I should appeal to for the correct
construction of, or an enlightened opinion upon,
a treaty of this Government, even with an Indian
tribe.    He will find himself in a new position
when he sees himself quoted by those who never
acknowledged his authority on any other subject,
to assail the Administration, and to impeach one
of its treaties     I do not know whether I can
quote the precise words in the hasty manner in
which the letter was read, but if I understood
properly a sentence in that letter, it was, " that
the people want the land of the Indians, and will
urge their removal, per fas et nefas."   This is a
grave  charge if the Governor understood the
meaning of the terms.   I undertake to say, that
the people of Florida have never desired the lands
of these Indians, and have never urged their re-
moval, and that they are incapable of so base an
act as that of urging their removal per fas et nefas
The Governor proceeds to say that the specu-
lators are anxious to get possession of the " big
swamp "   Now, sir, he did know, or ought to
have known, that this " 6ig- swamp" is owned by
a most estimable and  honorable gentleman at
Tallahassee, whose title has been confirmed by
the Supreme Court of the United States, upon a
valid Spanish grant, that court having decided
that the title of the lands was in the Spanish
Crown, which was competent to convey by grant
the fee, and that that was not incompatible with
the Indian  right of occupancy     Now,  I will
venture to say that this gentleman, the proprietor
of the land, has never expressed even a desire to
any office of the general or local Government to
get pos«nssion of this land     And I know him to
be incapabit of doing it per nefas.  He has always
believed, as every sensible man must believe, that
it was impossible that the Indians could remain
in th^t location, and that both the policy of the
Government and the preservation of the Indians,
as well as the security of that whole frontier,
No. 28
required their removal He would have had an
undoubted right to demand of this Government I
the possession of his land, confirmed by the
treaty with Spam, and being, at the date of the
treaty of Camp Moultrie, pnvate property, could
not be appropriated to the use of the Indians
without a violation of the Constitution and treaty
■with Spain.
I will not charge, positively, any other than a
patriotic motive for this letter, though we might
rind in the position of the Governor a much more
forcible reason than he can assign for this disrep-
utable charge on the people of Florida, by the
supposition that he may have desired the contin-
uance of the Indians, upon which his salary as
superintendent depended. He urges either their
continuance or fuither negotiations. Upon one
a salary depended, and upon the other, as the
Gov emor is always ex officio commissions, as well
as ex officio superintendent, he was to negotiate,
at the 1 ate of eight dollars per day; and, in either
event, was an interested witness against this treaty.
The President is not a man for new negotiations
when a plain contract has been made and violated.
His maxim, of maintaining " what 13 clearly
right," applies here. My only regret is, and my
suffering constituents will participate in it, that
the Government being forewarned was not fore-
armed for this conflict. The Secretary of War,
animated by his clemency and humanity, from
the purest motives of a kind heart and charitable
disposition, was for using peisuasion and ex-
postulation instead of placing at the disposition
of General Clinch a force sufficient to chastise
these contumacious savages
The gentleman from Vermont, in reading from
one of the documents, of which he has such a
mass before him, has given us the true secret of
the hostility of these Indians.    The fact there
developed,  combined with  the attempt to  get
their negroes, gives us the clew to this disastrous
affair.    He states that some of this confidential
delegation  informed  a portion of the tribe  in
Florida that the Creeks would compel them to
account foi that portion of the negroes in their
possession which had been stolen by the Creek
nation  from citizens of the  State of Georgia
Here, sir, is the denouement of the whole plot
The Creek nation of Indians, by the treaties of
Shoulderbone, Galphington, and Augusta, and,
perhaps, in some subsequent ones, stipulated to
pay for all property destroyed by their men be-
longing to the citizens of the State of Georgia.
It appears that this nation had destroyed and
stolen from the people of the State of Georgia
property to the amount of about $250,000; and
that, in a treaty subsequently entered into with
the Creek nation by the United States, this Gov-
ernment received from  that  nation lands, and
consented to pay, in exchange for them, the Creek
debt to the citizens of Georgia.    As these roving
Seminóles and fugitives had taken their portion
of the plunder within the Spanish territories, and
1 have concealed these negroes within the depths
of that almost impenetrable forest, the Creeks
were disposed to avail themselves of the con-
templatea contiguity of possession to call these
. hardened criminals to account for having fled
within the Spanish territory with these slaves
stolen from the people of Geogria, for which the
I Creeks had paid in the manner I have before
mentioned.   This, with the attempt of others to
get their negroes, is, no doubt, the cause of the
war.   We may add one additional reason, and
that is the impossibility, with their habits, of
obtaining subsistence without plunder
It will be seen that these desperate rogues, in
their treaty of Payne's Landing, anticipated the
Eossible identification of some of the slaves they
ave stolen, and they provide, to quiet such and
leave them in possession of this plundered prop-
erty, that the United States shall pay $7,000 to
get rid of the claims.
I must heie remark, sir, that the history of this
Government does not furnish an instance in which
a border population has lived in so much peace
and harmony and quietude as that of the people of
Florida, in the vicinity of these Indians There
have been no criminations and recriminations or
collisions in ten years, except the one refeired to
by the gentleman from Vermont. The Indians
have repeatedly crossed the lines, and stolen the
cattle of the inhabitants The sufferers have
chosen rather to pass these trespasses by than to
trouble this Government with petitions or to come
in conflict with the Indians They preferred to
bear and foibear, as long as it was practicable to
Creserve the peace of the frontiers, and what has
een their reward' The destruction of all their
property by these ferocious savages, and we are
now to debate the question, whether our cause is
just, before we decide whether an appropriation
is to be made to carry into effect this treaty. It
is even denied that it is a treaty. The question
in fact is, however it may be presented, whether
we shall take part with the Indians, or with our
Government and people>
I set out with three propositions, which, I
think, the documents and arguments I have re-
ferred to and employed will prove to the satisfac-
tion of a large majority of this House.
The first is, that these Indians have been treated
with lenity, humanity, and indulgence by this
Government. Upon this point I do not propose
to make any further observations.
I maintain, in the second place, that whatever
may have been their rights of soil, or of occu-
pancy under the Spanish Government, and by
virtue of the treaty of Camp Moultrie, that such
right was extinguished by the treaty of Payne's
Landing, and their ratification of it at Fort Gib-
son I have shown that the Senate have ratified,
and the President proclaimed, this as a treaty. Í
deny that the House of Representatives have the
constitutional powei,in this informal and inci-
dental manner, to inquire into, or vacate, that
which the President and the Senate have pro-
claimed and published as a subsisting treaty. I
go further—the House of Representatives them-
selves have acted upon this insti ument as a treaty,
and have provided the appiopnations foi the
annuities of the Indians stipulated in it Two
coordinate branches of the Government, whose
duty it is to see the laws executed, have pro-
nounced this of binding obligation, by all the
sanctions of solemn legislation, and I have shown
that it cannot be impeached under any provision
of the Constitution, or laws of nations. The
question then presented is, are we to confess our-
selves beaten, acknowledge that we were in fault;
" sue for peace" in a more humble attitude than
Oseóla did to General Gaines, and give up the
contest'
The breaking out of war puts an end to treaties.
This war is commenced by the Indians Are we
to yield, or are we to maintain that these Indians
have, by treaty, surrendered all the lands they
own in Florida, and that will compel them to
execute this treaty, or annihilate them by force
of arms' I am sure, if this question is presented
to the American people, theie can be but one
answer; and that is, that as long as we maintain
among the nations of the earth a character for
justice, and honor, and courage, that we are not
tobe bullied, whipped, or driven into such a debas-
ing alternative. I appeal to all those gentlemen
who represent districts of country which have
long since been happily freed from such an annoy-
ance, whether there is an instance in the whole
United States in which more lenity has been
used, and whether this is an occasion in which
any misplaced and sickly sentimentality can be
employed, when a savage enemy, who has vio-
lated your treaties, and is destroying your coun-
tiymen, is to be indulged, either to assail the
Administration, or to prevent an appropriation
for carrying into effect your treaties'
In the third place, I maintain that this House
has no jurisdiction, under the Constitution, to
annul a treaty; and that you cannot refuse to
appropriate money for the removal and subsist-
ence of the friendly portion of the Seminole
Indians, or of those who may be subdued in the
progress of this unfortunate and ill conducted
war, which is to lecommence when our troops
leave their " summer quarters " I invoke gentle-
men, upon such a question, to disiegard all party
considerations, and look upon it as it is presented
under the Constitution and the treaty.
It is not my province to speak of the origin and
causes which led to this Creek difficulty There
are individuals here who repicsent the States in
which this war is now raging. It is for them to
defend the course of the States of Alabama and
