438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Western Frontier—Mr. Garland.
[May 7,
Ho. of Rep;
speaks of an unsettled boundary and a neutral
territory, but he asserts that the river commonly-
known and called the Sabine, and laid down on
all the maps as such, is not the Sabine river in-
tended by the treaty fixing the boundary between
the United States and Mexico, but that a river
which he called the Angelina, which empties into
the Sabine lake on its western or northwestern
shore, was the true Sabine river.   This stream
he alleged, was a larger and more important trib-
utary to the lake than the river generally called
the Sabine.   "When my colleague spoke of the
river Angelina, and so described it, I was at a
loss to know exactly what stream he meant; but
a short explanation with him since he addressed
the committee satisfies me he was speakin°- of the
river commonly known by the name of the Nei<*e
or Neches, of which the Angelina is a tributary
My colleague doubtless spoke from information
when he stated that the river he mentioned was
the larger and more important one.  He has never
to my knowledge, been in that part of the country'
I will not now detain the committee with any
detail of the information I have in relation to the
length, depth, or breadth of the rivers named,
further than to say that it is very doubtful whether
either the Neige or Neches, or the Angelina, or
any of their tributaries, are laid down on Melish's
map of the United States as extending as far north
as the thirty-second  degree of latitude.     The
inquiry, which is the larger or more important
river? is not one, in my opinion, of much conse-
quence in the settlement of the present question
It depends upon treaty stipulations too solemn to
be trifled with, and, in my judgment, too plain to
admit of a doubt, so far as relates to that portion
of the boundary between the Gulf of Mexico and
the thirty-second degree of north latitude.
Sir, if the boundary contended for by my col-
league, and claimed by the Government, can be
sustained, it will add very much to the territory
and population of the State I in part represent
and as it is about to be finally adjusted in pursu-
ance of treaties heretofore concluded, and one
recently ratified by the Senate, I will state the
provisions of the treaty fixing it, the general un-
derstanding in that section of country in relation
to it, the practice of the officers of the Federal
and State governments since the year 1819, and
then a very brief history of the neutral territory
which has  been  referred to by my honorable
colleague and other gentlemen, more for the pur-
pose of preventing the public mind from min°-Iin°-
the boundary question with the exciting one of
the lexan revolution, than for the purpose of
expressing a definite and fixed opinion.    It is
also my object to place before this House and
the executive what! conceive to be the true state
of the case, and thus to enable all of us to act
with the discretion and foresight becoming the
occasion.    When we look to the state of excite-
ment already existing among the people, and the
means that are being used to increase it, we can-
not shut our eyes to the consequences, if an im-
pression can be made that some injury has been
done  or wrong intended us by Mexico.    Add
this fuel to the flame now lighting up; let Gen-
eral Gaines cross thisimaginaryboundani, advance
to Nacogdoches; let Santa Anna meet him there
and we shall be engaged in a Mexican war before
the adjournment of this session of Congress
This I wish to prevent.    Protect our frontier',
and preserve our neutrality, but do not, under a
pretence of doing either, engage us in a war of
aggression and conquest.
1 will now call the attention of the committee
to the language of the treaty fixing the boundary:
.hlT16 bounda7 "n? between the two countries west of
™mh1^rS,iPPl .sha  beg"  0" <he Gulf of Mexico, at the
mouth ol the river Sabine, in the sea, continuing north
Sm.?H?." tTS,Crnu™k ?T that nver>t0 the «¡& degree of
a.ude; thence, by a lme due north, to the deJree of
latitude where ,t strikes the Rio Rojo of Natchitoches, or.
{led river; then following the course of the Rio Roxo
westward to the de2ree of longitude 100' west from Lon-
don, and 23  from Washington! then crossing the sa^d Red
w -'ZÍTfTS lhenC,e by a 1,ne due north t0 *e Arkan-
^\!ll f°"°w  K the course of the southern bank of
lh« n-,™?, !3^0,' s(s°urce>"> latitude 43° north; thence by
that parallel of latitude to the South Sea. The whole being
as laid down in Melish's ,nap of the United States, published
at Philadelphia, improved to the 1st of January 1818 '
The same article of the treaty then goes on to
provide how the line shall run from the source
of the Arkansas, in the event of its not bein°-
exactly at the 42d degree of latitude, and secures
the use and navigation of the Sabine, Red, and
i Arkansas rivers to the inhabitants of both nations.
It then proceeds:
" The two high contracting parties agree to cede and
renounce all their rights, claims, and pretensions to the
territories described by the said line; that is to sav, the
I United States hereby cede to hia Catholic Majesty, and
, renounce lorever, all their rights,, claim-, and pretensions
to the territories lying west and south of the above described
lini-l and, m like manner, his Catholic Majesty cedes to
the said United States all his rights, claim;,, and pretensions
to any territories east and north of said line ; and for him-
self, his heirs, and successors, renounces all claim to the
said territories forever."
I     These are the words of the third article of the
treaty made with Spain at Washington, on the
( 22d of February, 1819     What the policy was
that induced the negotiation and conclusion of
I  this treaty, it is now too late to inquire.    It is
I concluded, and has been thrice recognized within
the last eight years by our Government.    First,
in the treaty negotiated by Mr. Poinsett with
I Mexico, in the year 1828; again, in an additional
¡ article to that concluded in April, 1831; and more
recently, by another treaty made with the Mex-
ican Government last year, and ratified by the
Senate since the commencement of the present
, session.   The treaty of 1828,made with Mexico,
repeats, verbatim, the language of that of 1819,
made with Spain, in relation to the boundary,
i Here we have the deeds or title papers by which
the rights of the respective countries are to be
adjusted.   Not only have we the deeds, but we
I have a map or diagram of the adjoining posses-
, sions or estates, upon which are laid down the
[ rivers that are to form the boundary between
them.    This map was undoubtedly before the
I agents of the respective Governments at the time
they were negotiating the treaty.  Is not this map,
then, a part of the treaty?    Are we not bound
, to refer to it?   And if the treaty says that the
Sabine is the boundary, is it not the river on the
map which bears that name ?   Suppose two indi-
viduals own adjoining estates, and wish to adjust
the boundary between them: for that purpose
they have a map or plat of both made, or they
i take one already made, and agree that a certain
I river or watercourse clearly laid down on it,
i having a specific name, shall be the dividing line
between them.    Can one of them afterwards say
that the stream or river so laid down,named, and
described, is not the one intended, but that
another, bearing a different name, is the bound-
ary ?   Let any reasonable man answer these ques-
tions, and then determine for himself whether or
not the river laid down on Melish's map of the
United States as the Sabine is not the true bound-
ary from the Gulf of Mexico to the 32d decree of
north  latitud.     The point where that °degree  '
crosses the Sabine has not been fixed definitively
and from thence to Red river may, with some
Fn°Pne,ly «eualIe5 an iraagini*ry boundary; but
to call the Sabine from the 32d degree to the Gulf
Zn T?Tnj boundary<" is a flight of imagina-
ron that I cannot comprehend. At the point
where Genera Gaines was when we last heard
of him, this ''imaginary boundary  is, at the  I
o°frhsnn?grfrteriasI a"^^^*.^'
ofahundrcdyardswide.andsodeepasataltimes  i
to make it necessary to have a boat or some other
means of transportation to get across it     A? this
season of the year, if the waters of this « ¿¡¡£
trian, boundary*' are swollen as much as is JsuS
Ido not believe that it will be extravagant to sav
they cover the low grounds or swamps on the'
IñVwida,h,StaTnr °f b6tW?en tw° ^d hree míes
in width.    I have seen it atntPrt in „ «,„
recently, that the swamps £2^5 SS
a^distanceof between fourandfivemSnwTdT
His position, as has been stated, was at Wi kin
son's old camp, on or near the road iea<W tm
Natchitoches, by Fort Jesup, to NaSocheT
A mere inspection of anv man nf ZT. ;
country wil\ satisfy tlH^ilíS.'SM
SKü IS a TS¿derab,e di^ance south of the
32d degree, and that every step taken towards
Nacogdoches would carry the «nenS «dw
army something further south   g                   h,S
na I fcTSmm there never has bee«> since 1819 I
as I believe, any question as to what the true !
boundary was and is. I never heard a doubt eT !
pressed about ,t, except by one individual, unfi
within a few months past.     That person is .
highly respectable and intelligent man.    I have
heard that he has written a letter or letters on thp
subject to the President, or some of the heads of
Departments; but whether that be so or not   I
, cannot say.    My colleague says he has heard
suggestions of there  being some mistake about
the river commonly called the Sabme beino- the
true Sabine river.    I do not doubt he has heard
such observations, but it is probable he has heard
so from persons not intimately acquainted with
the geography and history of the country and
the provisions of the treaties made with Spain
and Mexico.   The people in western Louisiana
know where the true river is; and of the numer-
ous emigrants to Texas, I will undertake to sav
that not one of them ever doubted he or she was
beyond the limits of the United States, without
their jurisdiction and laws, and those of the Stato
of Louisiana, the very moment their feet were on
the western bank of this imaginary boundary gen-
erally known as the Sabine river.
1Dír,0rihe P,u,'P(ise of showing that, since theyear
181 , there has been a general acquiescence in the
opinion that the river now known as the Sabine
is the boundary, I will inform the committee that
1 have never heard, in a residence of thirteen
years on the southwestern frontier, of a single
instance of any officer of the State or Federal
Government claiming, or attempting to exercise
any jurisdiction or authority on the western side
ot the well-known river called the Sabine.  If anv
case has occurred in which an arrest o'r seizure
has been made on the western bank of that river
1 apprehend it has not been in consequence of á
belief that the officer making it had any right to
make it there; and I will assert, without the fear
of contradiction, that no officer of the Federal
Government, or of the State of Louisiana, has
ever made an official return of his having crossed
the river for the purpose of executing the process
of the courts of either.   I am aware that indi-
viduals have crossed this boundary in pursuit of
fugitives from justice, and property run off by
dishonest debtors or criminals: but, in no instance
that I ever heard of did they go armed with an
order of our courts for such purposes.   Instances
have, 1 believe, occurred where the officers of
justice have gone to the Sabine, and executed the
FwTVu our,courts uPon persons and property
that had been brought by force from the western
side of the river.    So far from its being the case,
that we have claimed or exercised any jurisdic-
tion west of the river, universally known as the
¡saoine, our practice has been exactly the re-
verse.  I have a personal knowledge of a number
of prosecutions or suits being commenced in the
| district court of the United States for the western
district of Louisiana, against individuals residing
in and out of the State, for infringements or viola-
tions of your revenue laws, and those made to
prevent the introduction of slaves into the United
States.   In more than one case it appeared that
the property alleged to have been improperly in-
troduced was brought only a few miles beyond
the river; yet no lawyer has ever, to my knowl-
j edge, in the defense, relied Upon, or attempted to
show, that the country between the Sabine and
the Angelina or Neches was within the limits of
the United States.   I should be glad to know if.
in the immense number of land claims derived
trom the Spanish Government whilst it had pos-
session of Louisiana, a single one is known ever
to have been presented by the claimant to the
officers of the United States for recognition and
confirmation, that covered land on the western
sideof this "imaginary boundary." Did any man
ever come before the officers of Government, or
Congress, with a claim derived under any law of
ours, for land situated west of the river?   If any
such ever was presented, what was done with it?
ihe possession of the authorities of Mexico or
i exas has, at all times, been open and notorious,
iHioC0ntinU0usly exercised before the treaty of
1B19, and without interruption ever since. Laws
have been made and executed for the government
or the people living west of this so often men-
tioned river. The Federal and State Governments
have exercised the rights of sovereignty over the
fuUlitrry;membera of the State Legislature and
the Mexican Congress have been elected; lands
have been granted, and, in fact, everything has
