1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Defense of Western Frontier—Mr. Garland.
Ho. of Reps.
been done that any independent nation has a
right to do, without hindrance or question from
us.
It is now my purpose to give a short account
of the neiiira/trm/on/ referred to by my colleague
 nd others. This name is well known, sir," in
the section of country which 1 represent; but a
new locition of it has been made in the course of
a tt w months pist Rv some process, unknown
t > me, tins iiru/i <i¡ fern/on/ has got on the western
side of uie n\t r known as the Sabine. On all the
mips I have seen, on winch any notice of it has
been liken, it is placed on the eastern side, and
is so considered by all that I ever heard speak
of it. It is thai strip of counti y between the nver
Sabine and the river Calcasieu, which empties
into the G ulf of Mexico, and a small stream called
the Rio Hondo, which empties into Red river.
It is about thirty miles m width, extending along
the whole frontier ot my State. In consequence
ot the pro\ isions of the treaty of February, 1819,
one or more acts of Congress have been passed
relative to the land titles in this territory, by
which a !ar?e number of claims that had never
been recognized before, were examined by the
register and leceiver in the southwestern land
d.strict in Louisiana, and confirmed by Congress.
A document relating to some of these titles his
been laid on our tables during the piesent session,
and several members of the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims have had occasion to examine it.
Those gentlemen, perhaps, have noticed, in the
examtna'ion of tint document, that the commis-
sioners, in giving a locality to the claims leported
on, almost, if not always, use the expression,
" the late neutral ttmtom," evidently showing
they understood that, since the date of the treaty
of 1819, the question relating to this territory had
be«n settled. The term neutial territory imports,
I suppose, a certain extent of country, over
which neither party setting up a claim to it exer-
cises any jurisdiction; or a common jurisdiction,
in consequence of some agreement or understand-
ing to that effect, until the question of title is
adjusted. Has such been the case on either side
ot the Sabine since February, 1819' Has not
the exercise of the rights of sovereignty by Spain
and Mexico, on the west of the river, been as
well know n as is the exercise of those rights by
the United States on the east of it' That there
has not, since lfsl9, been any cessation of juris-
d cuon by either party, or any common exercise
of it, is a fact as well known as any other that
exists. There is, therefore, no propriety now in
calling any portion of Louisiana by that name.
The causes that brought about the arrangement
by which this strip of country became and con-
tinued for a number of years, neutral ground, had
thpir origin in an early period of our history.
The ditHculues commenced in the disputes that
tookpUi u bet ween France and Spain relative to the
boundary between the province of Louisiana and
Span sh possessions in Mexico. After the ces-
sion by I'rance to Spain of Louisiana, the diffi-
culty was Kept up between the authorities of that
province and those of the ad|oinmg province in
Mexico. The Lieutenant Governor, or com-
mandant of the comandancia or post of Nacogdo-
ches, chimed toexeicise his authority as far east
as tne R.o Hondo and the river Mexicana, now
known as the Calcasieu, and a military post or
station under his authoi ny was established at a
small village called Adayes, nearly east of wheie
Fort Jesup now stands, and a short distance west
of the Rio Hondo. The commandant of the post
of Natchitoches claimed to extend his authority
to the river now and then known as the Sabine.
Each officer aided in making grants of land in this
disputed territory, and extended his jurisdiction
over it. This difficulty remained unsettled at the
time of the cession of Louisiana to the United
States in 1803. Soon after we got possession of
the province the boundary question was revived
with Spain. In 1805, General Wilkinson, at the
head of a body of United States troops marched
to the Sabine, and encamped at the place where
General Gaines was at the last information we
had of him. General Herrera was encamped on
the othti side of the Sabine. Some correspond-
ence, and perhaps negotiation in an informal
manner, was earned on between them; one of
the results of which was an understanding that
the territory between the Rio Hondo and the
Sabine should be considered as debatable or
neutral ground until the boundary should be fixed
by treaty. This was done in February, 1819,
and ever since we have been in an undistuibed
possession of the country. If General Gaines
shall, under the permission he has received, ad-
vance to Nacogdoches, under a pretense of claim
to that town and the country around it, he will
be resisted by Texan and Mexican. What, sir,
will the people of Texas and Mexico think of
your pretensions of preserving our neutrality and
protecting our frontier, when you push an army
fifty miles beyond what is generally known as
the boundary ' The commander-in-chief of the
Texan army resides at or near this very town.
ThePresidentof the recently formed Government
of Texas, if I am correctly informed, is in the
same part of the country. A considerable por-
tion of a large grant of land he holds is in this
new neutral territory The Secretary of State is
within the same limits. If General Gaines ad-
vances to Nacogdoches he goes ostensibly for the
purpose of preserving otir neui  ality and defending
ourfronUer. Will he do either by making such
a movement' I fear not. Suppose whilst he is
at this post, the Texan army shall fall back to
that place, what would it be his duty to do for
the preservation of our neutrality ' Disarm and
disperse them. What would the Texan com-
mander reply to a requisition upon him to ground
his arms and disband his soldiers > Sir, he would
indignantly refuse it; he would tell your General
that he was in the interior of the country whose
battles he was fighting; that he was at his own
door, at the place where he had resided ever since
he had become a citizen of Texas, and he would
not surrender at discretion. No other alternative
would then remain but to turn our arms against the
Texan army to enforce our demand, or to retreat
from the country. To continue at Nacogdoches
with the Texans in arms would insure a war
with Mexico.
In the investigation of this question of bound-
ary, I have been induced to say more than it was
my purpose, but the object I have in view could
not well have been effected by saying less. Whilst
it is my intention to prevent, so far as it is in my
power, the people of the United States and their
representatives herefrom plunging into this revo-
lutionary contest in Texas, under the influence
of strong feelings of sympathy with the Texan
cause, or indignation at the barbarities practiced
by the Mexicans on those calling themselves
American citizens, it is also my wish to prevent
such a result, by the impression that may be
made that we have a strong claim to a portion of
the country. I would not, for the sake of our
own character, urge,eitherupon Mexico or Texas,
in their present distracted condition, a claim to
any portion of territory, unless the clearest right
to it could be established. I have, therefore,
stated the facta as briefly as is compatible with a
proper understanding of the subject, and now
leave the matter to the consideration of the com-
mittee.
In coming to the conclusion what is necessary
to be done, it becomes us all to calculate well the
risks and dangers impending over the southwest-
ern frontier. Do not let us magnify or diminish
them. I shall endeavor to regard the state of
things in that quarter as one about to take a part
in whatever shall occur; for, if the accounts we
have are correct, and no change shall shortly take
place, I shall not be here much longer to join in
your deliberations. Obligations higher and more
imperative than any I am under hete, will soon
carry me to this frontier, to become a participant
in whatever may happen.
i Now, sir, let us examine what are the dangers
with which we are threatened. General Gaines
informs the Secretary of War that he has received
I information, from various sources, which leaves
no doubt in his mind that a considerable portion
, of several tribes of Indians residing within our
territorial limits have gone over to the Texas
side of the boundary line between the United
Statesand Mexico. He also speaks of the reports
of the advance of the Mexican army; its mode
of warfare, and the probability of the Indians
residing on the Trinity uniting with the Mexi-
cans in their war of extermination. Some excite-
ment among the Caddo Indians is spoken of, in
the letter addressed by Gencial Gaines to the
Governors  of Louisiana  and  oth<r States     It
would have been much more satisfictory if the
vanous sources of infoimation iplied on by the
General had been stated;  my local knowledge
would in some measure have enabled me to say
what weight ought to be attac hed to them    What
tribes of Indians are they, of which consideiable
portions have gone over to Texas'   Is there any
information here that any portion of those located
north of Red river and west of Arkansas have
gone over'   None.   Has the honorable Delegate
from Arkansas any information that any of those
Indians have  gone to Texas under suspicious
circumstances'    He  says  he   has  not.    What
Indians, then, are meant'   Those in Louisiana,
I suppose.    The committee will now permit me
to inform them that in that State, with the excep-
tion of the Caddoes, there are no large bodies of
Indians.   The remnants of a number of tribes
are  scattered  over the country, none of them
warlike in their dispositions, or exhibiting any
hostile feelings towards us.    In the various ac-
counts which I receive, there is no intimation of
any unfriendly movement among them     The
Caddoes are not a numerous or warlike people.
They have occupied a section of country in the
northwestern corner of Louisiana, and the south-
western coiner of Arkansas.    By a treaty made
with them in July last, and ratified by the Senate
about two months ago, they have agreed to aban-
don to the United States their claim to any terri-
tory within our limits, and remove into Texas or
elsewhere, in the course of a year or two.    It is
probable they were informed, about the last of
March, that  the  treaty   was  ratified,  and  are
removing beyond our boundary in conformity to
its provisions.
The apprehensions that the Indians in the Mex-
ican tenltory will be induced to take a part in
the war going on in their neighboihood, is more
reasonable than that those within our limits will
do so; and, as that is within the range of proba-
bility, we should take the necessary precautions
to protect our citizens who may be exposed to
danger In addition to the alarm likely to be pro-
duced by the various communications before us,
we have the annunciation of my colleague, that
if the Texans and the force of General Gaines
should be destroyed, such is the formation of the
country, that a thousand mounted men could dash
from the Sabine to the Mississippi, cut down the
levees, inundate the country, destroy New Or-
leans, and retire before the population could be
collected to arrest their career. He Ins referred
to the particular section of the State in which I
reside, as the region through which this extraor-
dinary movement could be made Why, sir, it
is the very formation of the countiy that would
prevent such a movement, if any militaiy man
should be indiscreet enough to attempt it. At
this season of the year, it would be nearly impos-
sibleforany body of men togetto the Mississippi
from the western part of the State without a water
transportation; and the idea that the country
bordering on the Mississippi can be inundated,
and New Orleans destroyed by one thousand
men, is too extiavagant to be seriously enter-
tained. From the Sabine river to the Mississippi
is a distance of at least one hundred and sixty
miles, and a consideable portion of the distance
across the swamps and inundated lands. It is
possible that such a force might, by a sudden and
unexpected movement, penetiate some distance
into the open country south of Red river; but if
they should be so fortunate as to reach the east-
ern boundary of any of the four parishes alluded
to by my colleague, I will undertake to say not
one would ever get back again. I do not intend
to pronounce any eulogy on the people of those
parishes; they need none; but I believe, if every
man was removed, that the women and children
could and would successfully resist such an in-
vasion.
Sir, if the remarks I have made shall have the
effect of keeping us out of this Texan controversy,
I shall be gratified. If we preserve our neutrality,
and afford protection to our citizens and interests,
it is all that is necessary for the preservation of
the character of our country. As to the course
it may be proper hereafter to adopt in relation to
