1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
Military Peace Establishment—Increase—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
TARIFF OF POSTAGES.                        I
REMARKS OF HON W. MONTGOMERY,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representative ,
.«ay 27, 1836,
On the «ubject of the T irirt of Pn-t i*es the bill for the
reon anu mon ot the Post Otlice Di parunem being untl°r
consult mu n
Mr. MONTGOMERY said Sir, I am in favor
of a reduction of the postase upon letters g nei-
all) , I am then fon. gn .uly opposed to the tluity
cents, the postage riported by the committee,
upon all Millie It tiers carried over eight lmndied
mius, because it is a large increase. I am un-
vvihns: to increase the postage for any d.stance
whativer, ind I believe I will vote against the
bill, if that item is not stricken oat, ind 1 should
regret to be compelled to do that, foi then aie
some v iluable provisions m the bill, and if the
commune will consent to s>tnlce out of the bill
the t'urtv------
Mr. MANN, of New York, said the com-
mittee w ould agree to strike that item out of the
bill
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Sir, I would suppose
that it would be a reduction upon the postage,
perhaps equal to the amendment offered by the
gentleman 11 omMdssach use tts,[Mr. Luvrence,]
and if so, I would prefer it, and will vote against
the amendment, and for the bill thus amended.
I cannot do so under an impression that it is a
reduction of postage, which I am satisfied can be
made without injury to the Depiitment, or the
least endangering the withdrawal of any of the
mail accommodations now enjoyed by the people,
fur to that I am not only opposed, but I would
be w il'.ng, and am desirous of seeing them greatly
extended,even should it become necessary to aid
the Department with additional means to do so.
But I apprehend there is no dangei of that, for
when we ta\e into consideration the situation of
that Department some time past, and its present
condition, all the facts in relation thereto go to
prove that a large reduction may be made upon
the tariff of postage, and the Department still
will be sustained by its íeceipts. I am brought
to these conclusions from my convictions of the
practical effect of a reduction of the tariff of
postage. Upon all communications by mail, I
would fix as the maximum of charge upon letter
postage twenty cents, and the minimum five cents,
and regulate the distances appropriately to the
different sums, beginning at five cents and rising
to ten, fifteen, and twenty. This would make
our tariff of postage accord with our Federal coin,
•which would greatly obviate the difficulty of
making change now experienced in the post
offices.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that I believed that
the Department could be sustained at these rates
of postage; and n this I am, I think, well sus-
tained by i printed document now before me,
which shows the balai;^ for and against the
Department at the end of each quarter, com-
mencing with the quarter ending September 30,
1833, and ending June 30, 1835, as follows:


Gross
i
Expendi-
Excess of
Etce«s of


revenue,   i
ture.
revenue
ture
11533
.
1
1


Sept.
30
«655,242 88 $746,098 15
-
$90,855 27
Dec
31
720,209 27
747,415 52,
-
21,206 25
March 31
729,<MM> 51
699,205 86
«30.394 65
-
Jane
30
718,696 00
717,885 00
811 00
-
Sept.
3D
725,273 03
703,494 75
21,778 28
-
Dec
31
724,542 34,
701,497 0«
23,045 2b

1835





March
31
763,494 47
680,652 66
82,841 81
-
Jane
30
7R0,046 8-2
671,705 59 108,341 23
-
This statement shows an increase that will give
a surplus of nearly or quite half a million in the
present year, without taking into the calculation
the progressive increase of each quatter over the
preceding one, which would swell the amount to
a much larger sum. The whole amount neces-
sary to put into operation the new routes pro-
posed by the bill reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, is estimated at
the sum of $300,000; then it will be Been that a
laige surplus, amounting to ^200,000, will be found
in the Department to meet any íeduction of post-
age that may occui from the teduction of the tariff
ot postage proposed in the bill, after staking out
the thirty cent, item in the bill reponed by the
committee, or by the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. So there
can be no danger of any reduction of the mail
accommodation in the country, which I would be
aa unwilling to see take place as any member of
this House. I do not subsenbe to the doctrine
advanced by some gentlemen upon this floor—
that this pioposed i eduction upon the tariff of
postage will ¡educe the income into the Depart-
ment—for 1 am strongly inclined to believe that
the ¡eduction of price will beget an increased cor-
respondence that will swell the receipts into the
Depaitment to the usual amount, if not beyond
it._________________________
MICHIGAN AND ARKANSAS.                   |
REMARKS OF HON. J. B. ANTHONY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 1, 1836,
On the motion of Mr. Wise " to commit the bills for the
admission of Michigan and Arkansas to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with instructions
to incorporate the same in one bill."
Mr. ANTHONY observed that he should vote
to give such direction to the Michigan bill as
would keep it within the power of the House.
We had already been upwards of six months in
session, and much important business yet re-
mained to be acted on, and we were now told
that bills so interesting to the country should go
into Committee of the Whole, in order that they
might receive a full and untrameled discussion,
without being liable to be cut off by the previous
question. Although he sometimes felt disposed
to give his views on some subjects before the
House, he had usually refrained from entering
into debate,as he felt mortified to see the unwar-
rantable length to which discussion on almost
every bill was generally extended. He regretted
to observe the course pursued by some gentle-
men, who acted as if they were desirous to con-
tinue the session till the first Monday of Decem-
ber, when the next session is to commence.
Some of the minority loudly deprecated the pas-
sage of bills without affording them an oppor-
tunity of unrestrained debate on their merits.
The honorable member from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] strongly protested against the majonty of
the House passing bills so important by the
opeiation of what some gentlemen weie pleased
to teim the "gag law." Did not that highly
respectable gentleman know that much of the past
six months had been spent in useless and unin-
teresting debate' Did he not know that nearly
every speech of any considerable length was com-
posed piincipally of political anathemas against
certain aspuants to political power and influence,
or an elaborate essay on partisan politics, without
any apparent reference to the subject under dis-
cussion > Did he not know that the commence-
ment of a set speech was usually the signal for
members to take their hats, leave the Hall, and
lounge about the public grounds, or walk off to
dinner, suffering the orator to address empty
benches, and perhaps a dozen fellow members,
who remained in their seats because they were
anxious to obtain the floor and follow in the same
manner with an eloquent and appropriate speech for
home consumption! Was it not notorious to every
member of this House, that after some eight or
ten speeches were delivered on almost any topic,
everything sufficient had been said, to enable gen-
tlemen to determine bow they should vote, and i
all the speeches afterwards were a mere repetition,
without a single new idea to enlighten the mind
of any member ? After listening to an able expo- :
sition of each case that came before the House,
by those who had carefully examined it, with a ]
view to instruct and enlighten their fellow mem- |
bers, it was a perfect waste of time to continue ]
the discussion from day to day, and from week
to week; members had made up their minds,and |
all that could be urged in argument neverchanged
a vote.                                                                          '
Mr. A. then remarked that the admission of
the Territories of Michigan and Arkansas into
the Union had been agitated in Congress for a
long time, and he had little doubt that every
member had determined his course; he was not,
however, for stifling freedom of debate, and pre-
venting a fair and propei discussion of these bills
in the House. Gentlemen would have an oppor-
tunity to express their sentiments, and suggest
such amendments as they deemed important.
The House had already shown, by refusing to
second the previous question, that members would
not be arbitrarily deprived of debate, and he did
think that at this late stage of the session, after
so much time had been spent in protracted and
often useless and unprofitable discussion, gentle-
men would not make these bills the theme for
long-winded speeches, of a paitisan, political
character, and winch would not be listened to by
one tenth of the members. He always had been,
and was now, willing to trust to the sound dis-
cretion and unbiased judgment of the majority, if
they determined, after suitable explanations, to
cut off further debate by the previous question.
The minority had no reason to complain; the
responsibility of the measure rested upon the
majoiity, they were accountable for the result, be
it good or evil, they only said to those who
wished to prolong the controversy, "Our minds
are made up, our judgment is fixed, and it is now-
proper to come to a decision." He had fre-
quently listened with pleasure to the gentlemen
from Tennessee, Virginia, Massachusetts, and
Ohio, who wished to discuss the admission of
these States, but he trusted that, as they had
already embraced so many opportunities to
address their fellow members, they would not
now, when other important bills must be acted
on, and so much had been said on all political
topics of the day, desire to procrastinate the
business of the House by a protracted debate on
a subject on which members, he doubted vsA,
with few, if any exceptions, had come to. a, con 
elusion and were prepared for action.
Mr. A. repeated that he ardently hoped the
House would keep the Michigan bill within its
control. They already had reason to regret the
unwarrantable length to which debate often ex-
tends, when the House had no power to restrain
it—not even by silting up all night and adjourn-
ing on the Sabbath morning. By refusing to
commit this bill we would avoid a " sea of
troubles;" we would be able to afford a reason-
able time for discussion; and when the majority
were satisfied that enough had been said, they
could put an end to the debate. This course
would enable us to reach other bills of a highly
important character, and to decide upon them
according to their merits. It would enable us to
adjourn within a reasonable period, and we should
return to our constituents with the cheering reflec-
tion that we had not consumed the whole of the
session in talking instead of acting'; in making
partisan speeches for home consumption, instead
of enacting wholesome laws for the benefit of our
country.     ______________________
MILITARY PEACE ESTABLISHMENT—INCREASE.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In the Senate, June 2,1836.
Mr. BENTON said that this was a measure of
western origin, and eminently called for by the
present and prospective condition of the West.
Early in the session his colleague, [Mr. Linn,]
and a Senator from Indiana, [Mr Tipton,] had
submitted resolutions calling upon the Secretary
of War to report the number of Indians upon the
western frontier, and give his opinion upon the
propriety of increasing the strength of the Army,
with a view to the security of that frontier. The
Secretary had answered promptly and satisfac-
torily. His report, dated the 8th of March, and
No. 228 of the Senate documents, showed that the
number of Indians on the western and northwest-
ern border, including those yet to be removed by
the Government, amounted to two hundred and
fifty-three thousand souls; all of whom were
either in the immediate neighborhood, or within
striking distance, of the frontiers of Louisiana,
