442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 2,
24th Cong.... I st Sess.
Military Peace Establishment—Increase—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Arkansas, Missouri, the Des Moines settlements, |
and the Wisconsin and Michigan Territories. At
the usual pioportion of warriors in an Indian pop-
ulation, that of one to five, this aggregate of two
hundred and fifty-three thousand souls would ¡rive
fifty thousand warriors: being the largest Indian
force ever yet airayed on the frontier settlements
of the Union.   To cover the people of the West
and Northwest from the incessant danger of such
a vast array of savages, they had their propor-
tion of a small army of six thousand mpn, which
in point of etfective force, and after makins: allow-
ances for the casualties of service, could not be
expected to present, at one time, more than four
thousand five hundred for action      This small
force, then, was divided out between the lake, the
maritime, the gulf, and the western frontier, n
circuit which had been officially computed at about
twelve thousand miles, following itsmeandeis,
and about nine thousand,* following us general
courses; so that our Army, if stretched round the
frontier, would afford about one man to eveiy
two miles.    The fortifications upon the maritime
and gulf coast required a good part of this force;
of that allotted to the West, a pa t had to be
kept, not on- the frontier, but at a convenient
position for looking out for danger, and proceed-
ing to meet it.    It was upon this principle that a
regiment was usually in the neighborhood of St.
Louis; hot that troops were wanted there, but
that there not being a sufficient number in seivice
to guard all the exposed points, a corps was there-
fore placed at a half way point between the head
and mouth of the Mississippi, and near the con-
fluence of the Missouri, where the means of trans-
portation wasat hand, to be ready from that point
to go North, South, or West, as events might
require.    Thus these troops, within a few years
past, had ascended the  Missouri; once to the
Yellow Stdne nver;  three times to the  Upper
Mississippi; and now were on the Red river,
watching the progress of events on the Texas
frontier.  Theresultwasthatthe WestandNorth-
west, always insufficiently guarded, were now
nearly stripped of defense; and this at a time when
the Indian wars in the South were having their
natural effect of exciting the Indians in all quar-
ters,and doubling the necessity for defense where
it was so much weakened.    In view of all the
dangers of this state of things, the Secretary of
War, Governor Cass, earnestly recommends an
augmentation of the Army, and shows an increase
to be called for, both on account of our fortifica-
tions and the inland frontier.    These are his
Words:
"Extensive and permanent fortifications have been eon
Rtructed upon the sea board; and it seems to be generally
conceded that our most important points of communication
with the ocean should be gradually rendered secure by
similar works against Hie advance of an tneinv    These
torts, is the\ are finished, should be occupied by tioop ,
not only to prevent such insults mid injuries as large com
mercial places are exposed to, whose approaches arc not
sufficiently guarded, but also to keep the works m a proper
state of pi i serration     These duties, it i= believed, will
require the artillery force propo cd to be i mutinied    Ex
penence has shown that we nre perpetually liable to occur
rences which demand the concentration and movement of
the troops    Whenever these happen, the positions occu
Pied must remain defenseless, unless a greater lorce ig
iai ed    Thisisnow the state of things along almost all our
Atlantic bo/der.
"With respect to the inland frontier, circumstances of a
still more imperative character require an augmentation ot
theArmv Events have shown tint our torce intlntquar
ter is not sufficient to keep the Indians in check Disturb
anees are continually occurring, at comparatively short
intervals', «ome of which terminate merely by alarming and
agitating the country, while others lead to hostilities more
or less extensive On these occasions, the regular tioops
are collected from great distances, and a mihtn force i 
Usually called out. Heavy expenditures are the necessary
consequence, besides the loss oí property and derangement
of business in the section of country vvlieri these troubles
exist Instead of having a force at all times embodied
fenfficietit to overawe the Indians, or if they commence líos
tilities, immediately to subdue them, much tune is lost in
the necessary arrangements, while the spirit oi disaffection
is spreading, and the hostile force becomes thus gieatly
increased Within the last nine years we have had four
difficulties of this nature; one with the Winnebagoes, two
with the Sacs and Foxes, and one with the Florida Indians;
which, altogether, have occasioned great lossol property,
great derangement of business, a heavy expenditure of
* To be precise, twelve thousand eight hundred and
eightv live miles by the meanders, nine thousand eight
hundred and forty miles by the general courses —l\h Cat
koun's report against reducing the Jlrmyin 181S, and before
the acquisition of Florida.
money, and much inconvenience in those portions of
country afiected by these troubles, and which furnished the
mihtn, whose services were iiquind to aid the regular
troops in t h ir operitions \n lu.'im lit ition ot tin Vimy
to a reasonable < \ti nt, if it d il not prevent these occur
rences altogether, would cer'amlv render them less fre-
que it, as will as less injurious and extensive And this
policv is not U ss humane than useful It l  far bettor, by
the display of torre to rcndci its letuil cmplovment
unnecessary, than it is to be compel ed to resort to it with
all the Usu il accompaniments ot an Indian campaign "
A force of ten thousand men is deemed to be
necessary by the Sccretai v of War, but to obtain
that force for service he shows the necessity of
authonzing a liiger numbei, as the casualties
of service, with rapid discharges from three
years enlistments, will make a difference of about
one third between the authonzed and the actual
effective force The commander-in-chief of the
Army, General Macomb, concu's in this opinion,
and shows it to be necessary to authoiize an
establishment of twelve thousand men in older
to have a foice of ten thousand. He thus ev
piosaes himself on this point-
^ Although, according to the instructions of the Secretary
of War the organization here proposed is limited to ten
tho isand men, and which may be considered as a minimum
force for the purposes for which the Aimy is intended, it
is re«pectlully recommended that, in oider to have th<
amount of foice always effective, eighteen men be idded
to each cohipanj ot infantry and artiller), which would
increase the nominal force to something below t lehethou
sand men; but owing to the fnct of the men being enlisted
lor only three vcirs, itie great distance the recruits have
generally to inarch, md the time consumed in joining ti c
regments on the frontier*, and the necessity of keeping
within the authorized numbers, it hardly can be expected
that ten thousand men would ever be exceeded, khoulel
Cougie-s authorize twelve thousand men, as heie recom-
mended
" Upon a review of the fortifications which have been
erected, and which are now in progress for the delense of
the sea-coast, it is found that there is a considerable defi-
ciency of artillerists to serve the guns, and to guard and
preseive the torts, as well as the valuable property in them
It is therefore proposed, as above recommended, to aug-
ment the number oi companies in the artillery from thirty-'
six, as now authorized, to forty These companies of
artillery it is proposed to di tubule alon,' the sea-bo ird, fro n
Eastport in Maine, to the delta of the Mississjppi, ami,
in order to show the proposed distribution, two tibias are
here annexed, marked. C and D, that marked C shows how
the existing thirty six companies inav be most advantage-
ously disposed of, and that marked D. how it is propo oil
to distribute the fony compinie  AKo, i list of forts on
the sea const, preñan d by the Adjutant General, marked E.
" The infantry íbice, with that pf the regiment of dra-
goons, is best adapted to the delense of the frontiers, includ-
ing the Gulf of Mítico The pro-ont linonnt of infantry
i~ not sufficient, in the opinion of the under igned,to afford
adequate protection to the inhabitants residing in the
States and Territories boideiing on our Indian anil other
frontieis, and guardin¿ the arsenals in the southern and
western States
" If the project above recommended, of organizing the
ihiantry, as exhibited in the paper marked B, be adopted,
making the miantrv consist ol nine regiments, instead of
seven, it is proposed that thev be distnbuted on the frontiers
-ind on the Gulf ot Mi xieo, rs shown in paper marked P,
which organization and distiibiition, it is believed, will be
the most eflectual (or maintaining the discipline of the
Army, and affording protection to oan xtensive lrontiers "
Mr. B said that this report of the Secretary of
War had been retened by the orderof the Senate
to the Committee on Militaiy Affans, and this
committee had conouired in the opinion of the
Secretaiy arid the General-in-Chief of the Army,
that an augmentation of the tioops was neces-
sary They believtd that ton thousand men for
service would not exceed the number íequircd;
and to obtain that number for service, they fully
concuired in the opinion that it was necessary to
authorize an establishment of twelve thousand
troops. The committee had reported their bill
accordingly; and while providing for this aug-
mentation of the number, they had also proposed
to diversify the arms of the troops, and to add
riflemen and light infantry; two species of troops
peculiarly adapted to frontier service and Indian
wars, of which our military establishment wa*
now destitute, and which were called for by the
united opinions of military men.
Having thus explained the origin of the meas-
ure, and the amount and nature of the force pro-
-poscd to be added, Mr. B. proceeded to state the
reasons why it should be agreed to. The regular
troops in time of peace, he said, were wanted for
four different purposes:
1.   To guaid the frontiers from Indians.
2.   To garrison the fortifications.
3.  To guard the arsenals.
4.   To give security and tranquillity to some
points in the South
The cncuit of country thus: requning to be
guarded is equal in extent to the largest empires,
and embraces a population of fifteen milluns
This population includes a portion nnt homo-
geneous, and is in contact with anolher i ice
which, in three hundred years, has seldom bfrn
at peace with the whites The western and north-
western frontier alone, from the Sabine to Lake
Supenoi, it qunes an active, efficient foice of six
thousand men, and these consisting of four differ-
ent arms infantry, light infantry, rifle, and dia-
goon. The vast accumulation of Indians now
upon that frontier, and the seventy-two thousand
yet to be lemoved to it, lender any number less
than six thousand for active service a mere
mockeiy of defense to the people, a show to lull
them into secunty, without being able to anest
inclusions when they come Of those tribes now
on the western frontieis, manyare waihke and
numeious, and have never yet felt the povvei of
oui aims. The Camanches, the Pawnees, Bhck-
feef, and Sioux, are of this description They
have been killing and plundering our tradeis and
hunters for yeais, and, from the impunity they
have enjoyed thus far, aie embol ened to more
daring enterprises Of the Indiansiemoved many
aie finely equipped with arms, horses, and am-
munition, obtained from the United States as the
inducement to their removal. Of those yet to be
removed, seventy-two thousand souls in number,
yielding a toll of twelve thousand wamois, seven
thousand are the Seminóles now engaged in the
Florida wai ,and twenty-five thotrsandareCieeks,
now engaged in the Alabama and Geoigia wai.
The ongin of these wars is in the refusal of these
Indians to temove according to the treaties which
they have made. When the wai s aie ovei lemoval
will ensue Removal is the end of war; and thus,
after resistance is subdued by killing a pait of
the wamois, the lemoval of the remaindei com-
mences.
A mass of thnty thousand Indians, now in
arms, aie to be lemoved to the West, the moment
they agiee to go, and go they will, their hands
wel1 supplied with aims, munitions, and horses,
by the United States, and then bosoms well filled
with hostile feelings from the memory of their
losses, and what they conside-i to be their wrongs.
Indians had gone to the West from New York,
Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Illinois,fromGeoi-
gia, Alabama, and Mississippi, and were yet to
go from all those States, and from North Caio-
lina and Tennessee. To íélieve the old States
from a useless and dangerous population, and to
piovide bettcrhomesfoi thcmselvcá, these Indians
weie removed to the West; but it was a mere
transfer, notan extinction of dangci, on the con-
traiy, the danger became greater from the removal
for it was a concentiation of the savages upon a
weak frontier, anil in contiguity with numerous
wai like indigenous tubes which had never yet
felt the power of the vv lute man Westei n mem-
bers had agucd to this lemoval for the benefit of
the older States, but they had done so under the
belief and conviction that they were to have a
competent militaiy force to guaid against this
tiansferied and accumulated danger Up to this
moment they had never had such a foice There
never has been a foice on the West and North-
west, since the removals began, competent to
guard it. So far from it, the few troops which
could, be spaied for that frontier, were scattered
at wide intervals upon a line of immense extent,
and the laigest body was stationed midway be-
tween the head and the mouth of the Mississippi,
to be ready to proceed in any ditection that dan-
ger threatened. This body was now upon the
¡southwestern frontier, called to Natchitoches by
the events in Texas; and the Westand Noith-
west were almost destitute. Mr. B. looked upon
it as the sacred duty of the States which had trans-
ferred their dangers and burdens to the West, to
transfer succor there also, and confidently ap-
pealed to the Senators from those States to vote
the increase of troops which the War Department
recommended, and which the committee had re-
ported. To other Senators he appealed in the
name of that Constitution which had for its first
object the common defense of the whole Union;
and to every friend of the West he presented the
picture of fiie and blood, of burnt houses, devas-
tated fields, slaughtered inhabitants, unbuned
