444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Laboring Classes—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
This is the brief history of the surplus of 1817 i
and the deficit of 1821. The same cause made
the surplus then which makes it now: multipli- :
cation of banks, profuse issues of bank notes,
loans to everybody, great importations of goods,
and large sales of public lands; all growing out
of the wild spirit of speculation engendered by
the paper system, and the universal receivability
of bank notes by the General Government for
lands, duties, and post office charges; the same
cause made the deficit which will soon make it
again—the contraction and revulsion of the paper
system,
Mr. B. said the question of augmenting the
Army had been incidentally discussed in the
course of the debate on the fortification bill, and
the old and popular objection—the danger of
standing armies in time of peace—was pressed
into service, and made to do hard duty in a case
in which the objection could have no application
at all. Vain was the fear, idle the alarm, of dan-
ger, of fifteen millions of people from twelve
thousand of theiir countrymen, enrolled upon a
military peace establishment, and scattered on a
circuit of nine thousand miles ? But the answer
which this «ame objection received in 1818 from
the Secretary of War, [Mr. Calhoun,] from
whose report he had just read, was so just and
Striking, so tru$ in reference both to the military
and to the people, that he. would dispense with
his own remarks, and adopt those of that Secre-
tary.   They are:
" To consider the present Army as dangerous to our
liberty, partakes, it is conceived, more of timidity than o.f
wisdom. Not to insist on the character of the officers,
who, as a body, are high minded and honorable men,
attached tp the principles of freedom by education and
reflection, what well-founded apprehension can there he
from an establishment so small, distributed on so extended
a frontier, with many thousand miles between the extreme
points occupied ? But th« danger, it may be said, is not so
much from its numbers, as by a spirit hostile to liberty, by
which, u is supposed, all regular armies are actuated.
This observation is probably true when applied to standing
armies collected into large and powerful masses'; but, dis-
persed as ours is^ over so vast a surface, the daneer, I con-
ceive, is of an opposite character; that both officers and
soldiers will lose their military habits and feelings, by
gliding gradually into those purely civil."
Having shown the reasons in favor of this
augmentation of the regular Array, and answered
the objections to U—having shown that the
reduction in 1821 resulted entirely from the deficit
in the Treasury, an objection wliich could no
longer prevail, as the Treasury was now dis-
tressingly, and to some gentlemen alarmingly
full—he, would repeat that this augmentation was
a western measure, called for by western voices,
and due to the state and condition of that section
of the Üuion. To provide for the common de-
fense was the first object of the Confederacy of
these States; and it was by troops that the West
was to receive her portion of this common defense.
Forts and navies belonged to the sea-coast—
armed men to the inland frontier. The Secretary
of War, [Governor Cass,] in laying down a gen-
eral plan of national defense, has indicated, with
fi masterly hand, the wants and remedies of the
West. A military road in the rear of the States
and, Territories, from the Sabine to the Wiscon-
sin—a chain of posts at intervals along the whole
route—:an increased force, of different arms, to
traverse the country, and to make occasional
expeditions to distant points; such is his recom-
mendation; and it now only awaits the sanction
of Congress tp carry it into effect, and to give to
the great West the protection which her position
demands, what the Constitution guaranties, and
what the accumulation of Indians upon her border
converts into a debt of justice, and an obligation
pf high and «acred duty.
THE LABORING CLASSES.
SPEECH OF HON.   ELI   MOORE,
PF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 5, 1836,
In rcplyto Hon. Waddy Thompson, and others, the House
being in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. MOORE said:
Mr. Chairman: Previous to entering upon the
subject properly before the committee, I shall
avail myself of this opportunity—the first that
has been afforded me—of replying to certain mis-
representations that have been made, both here
and elsewhere, concerning the laboring classes.
The committee, I trust, will the more readily
excuse this digression, when the relation in which
I stand to the workingmen is considered. Having
been long and intimately connected with their
cause, and approving, as I do, of their principles
! and measures, I cannot consent to hear them
assailed, without making an effort to vindicate
, them.   They have been denounced as agrarians,
j levelers, and anarchists, and their unions as
unlawful and mischievous.    I shall endeavor to
1 show, sir, that in all this great injustice has been
done them. It is not my intention at this time to
notice all the slanders that have been cast upon
them, whether in or out of the Halls of Congress;
my more immediate object is to reply to the hon-
orable gentleman from South Carolina, whom I
see before me, [Mr. Thompson,] or at least to so
much of his speech on the Navy appropriation
bill as relates to the laboring classes. The hon-
orable gentleman, in the course of his remarks,
holds the following language:-
■     "I entreat gentlemen to look well to the consequences
of the experiment of sending the Government there (to the
■  North) as a competitor in the labor market, and under the
j constraint of positive orders to expend this vast sum, let
labor rise ever so high. It is already one dollar a day,
when in the South and West it is less than fifty cents.
These appropriations are not for this year alone. They are
the beginning of a system of lavish expenditure, which will
last until 184a; no longer—no, sir, no longer, my word for
it.   Are the judicious men of the North, the property
, holders of the North, disposed to organize in their bosom
this army of day-laborers—men who, all over the world,
! spend, between Saturday and Monday, the wages of the
week; and who, at the period of their disbandment in
1842, will be penniless, and who must go supperless to bed,
i unless thgy rob by lawless insurrection, or by the equally
terrible process of the ballot-box.   Let gentlemen look to
. it; they are in quite as much danger of insurrection as we
are."
i The laboring classes, the backbone of the De-
I mocracy of the country, rob through the ballot-
boxes! What are we to understand by this? Sir,
it admits but of this construction—that govern-
ment ought to be founded on property; that none
but the wealthy ought to be allowed to vote; and
that the minority should govern. It recognizes
a doctrine which strikes at the very root of free
government. It is, in fact, the doctrine of des-
potism itself. No measure, sir, can be carried
through the medium of the ballot-box but by the
majority. Consult the annals of the past, and
you will find that whenever despotism resolved
to strengthen itself, or the aristocracy of a country
had determined to trench upon the rights and
liberties of the people, that the people were first
charged with rapacious and seditious designs.
The cry of agrarianism, of sedition and revolu-
tion, was raised, in order that their calumniators
might have an excuse for plundering and oppress-
ing them. Can it be that the new fledged aris-
tocracy of this country have similar designs upon
the people at the present time? I confess there
are strong indications of it, not only in that spirit
of monopoly and of mercenary ambition which is
spreading with such fearful and reckless rapidity,
but especially in the calumnies which are con-
stantly propagated against the working men,
against democratic principles, and against the
advocates of liberal sentiments generally. Nay,
to those who have paid any attention for the last
few years to the movements of the aristocratic
or anti-democratic party of this country, it must
be evident that a clandestine but vigorous war is
waging against popular freedom. Let the people
look to it while yet they may. Let them not be
deceived neither by names nor by professions. Let
them not suppose that all who pretend to be their
friends, politically, are so in reality. It is not all
who cry "Lord, Lord, that are worthy of the
-kingdom;"
Mr. Chairman, I regret the attack has been
piade. It may lead to a controversy from which
it will be moat difficult toexclude jealousies, heart-
burnings, and recriminations. I am not quite cer-
tain, however, that it will not, in the main, be
productive of good. It may serve to establish
more distinctly, and more permanently, the land-
marks which distinguish the two great political
parties of this country—the democracy and the
aristocracy.   And, sir, it is idle to attempt to dis-
guise the fact, that " the time is coming, and now
is," when the political gulf between these two
parties must be widened and deepened. The
people begin to distinguish between mere theoret-
ical and practical Democrats—between those who
but have the doctrine of equal rights on their lips,
and those who wear it in their hearts; and hence
the days of political amalgamations and of polit-
ical jugglery, are numbered. Henceforth, I trust,
the battle will be fought on the ground of principle
alone.
Mr. Chairman, it has been more than insin-
uated that danger is to be apprehended from the
turbulent spirit of democracy; that the signs of
the times are portentous of evil; that the fountains
of the moral and political deep are in danger of
being broken up, and that the waves of anarchy,
rapacity and misrule, threaten to burst their bar-
riers, and deluge the land. ít was with regret
that I heard such sentiments uttered. It was with
regret that I heard the integrity of the laboring
classes, and the principles of democracy, so un-
justly impugned; and if it shall be the last act of
my life, I will attempt to hurl back the imputa-
tions. Sir, I fear that those attacks upon the
people—the democracy—which would circum-
scribe and destroy. Let this doctrine be carried
out, and the principles upon which the Govern-
ment is founded are utterly subverted.
The line which separates the friends and ene-
mies of equal rights is broad and distinct, and
need not, must not, be mistaken. The political
principles by which these two parties are gov-
erned, are utterly and eternally incompatible and
antagonistical. It behooves the people, therefore,
to discriminate, and to bear constantly in mind
that the friends of pure and unadulterated democ-
racy (as contradistinguished from the friends of
aristocracy) are in favor of a government founded
on persons, and not on property; on equal rights,
and not on exclusive privileges. The friends of
freedom hold that legislation, to be just, must be
equal; that all chartered monopolies are incom-
patible with the spirit of free governments, and
prejudicial to the interests and liberties of the
people. They contend for equality of political
franchise. They maintain that the only righteous
system of government is that which is based on
the will of the majority, and administered by
persons freely chosen by the people; and that
the people are the only rightful sovereigns. Such,
then, are the leading principles of the working
men; such the principles of democracy; and if
these principles are dangerous and mischievous
in their nature, and calculated to produce anarchy
and sedition, as has been alleged, then is liberty
a bitter curse, instead of a blessing; and the
founders of our free institutions were the authors
of a most pernicious political heresy ! But whp
will assert such to be the fact ? Who will affirm,
openly and unqualifiedly, that the doctrine of
political equality is the doctrine of anarchy and
outrage; or that the democracy is the party of
sedition, of pillage, and of violence? But few
can be found bold enough to make the charge
openly and distinctly. No. The sign is not
quite right yet. The calumny must be insinuated
for the present. The charge must be indirect;
the war must be conducted with great caution
and circumlocution. The assailants must assume
as many shapes as fabled Proteus, and wear as
many disguises as Harlequin; they must use
secret weapons, deal foul blows, and deal them
in the dark. Nothing like daylight and fair play
must be tolerated; no outward and evident demon-
stration must yet be made; the people, the laboring
classes, the democracy, are first to be slandered
and traduced, vaguely. Something must be hinted
about agrarianism, and about the insecurity of
the rights of property. But,ask these calumni-
ators what they mean by agrarianism, and they
are puzzled to explain. Some think that it is a
species of political monster which was created by
two celebrated brothers of the olden time; but
whether it was by Moses and Aaron, or by
Tiberius and Cornelius, they are notquite certain.
Others suppose that agrarianism means an equal
distribution of property, but are not quite confi-
dent of that even. Well, ask them if they ever
saw or conversed with an individual holding such
sentiments; and they will tell you no, if they tell
you the truth.   Ask them if they believe that
