1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Adams.
Ho. of Reps.
•• It is said th.u paper systems, being open to all, are not
monopolies, lio unoli.is monc) may bu\ stock. All then
is i.u.a-' eveiy man ^meaning, however, every "ttsiceycd
lunn ' may share in the plunder.
•■ I'.ii") min m.iy enli-t in an army, *ri an army mav
en-lave a n.it'On. A monopoh may be open to a great
iinm'-'t, yet those wlio do capase m it may imbibe tile
spmt oi'iacuon ; but it cannot lie open to all, because no
interest w le-ii must subsist upon a nation can consist of
that u.ituui ; as 1 c.im.ot l'atteu imself by eating imself.
¡- e\ er\ oti/en ^'louhl no iiito.in ainiy. it would transform
til it .inin nil,"  I lie nation itself, and in pay and subsistence
would 0,'ím' ; m like manner the profits of paper, were they
generally or universally distributed, would cease, because
each euuen would bo ins own paymaster. Had the objec-
tion been as tine in practice in it is plausible in theory,
tV-e a isuerssiitfiee toprove that it would have converted
paper aristocracies into paper democracies.
" The reason, however,tor this apparent common power
of becoming a s[,Kl\iobber, consists in the constant neces-
sity felt lor tocruiu by even species of aristocracy. Tlie
Mamelukes or K^> pt have sufficient [lenetration to discover
this. No individual, nor any inconsiderable number of
individuals, can enslave a nation. A despot raises soldiers
b\ b unities. Tins system is also recruited by bounties.
The soldier sometimes desens, or takes part with the
li ition n• t'*r his bounty is spent; hut the bounty of paper
f ystt un is so contrived that it is perpetually gome on, and
aniiu ill) repeated, so that the aristocracy of an oppressive
si -tern never deceits or takes part with the nation, as the
anuv oi an oppressive p*ince has sometimes done.
•• Where avarice and ambition beat up for recruits, too
rain) are  prone to enlist.    Kings, ministers, Lords, and
Common*, will be obliged to command the army and share
in the plunder, or submit to be cashiered.   The makers and
in makers of aristocracy gamble, with a certainty of win-
ning, tor a stake extorted and increased by themselves.   If
the) deposit their penny they draw a pound, and augment
their power.    The system of paper and patronage freights
nm.uil galleon* for a government and a faction, ata na-
tional mine called industry ;   and bestows on tlie people
such blessings as those enjoy who dig up the ores of Peru
and Mexico.    The receivers of the profit drawn from this
mine reap wealth and power; the laborers reap armies,
wars, taxes, monopolies, faction, poverty, and ten hundred
millions of debt.    This is an English picture.     America
hopes that bcr governors and citizens are neither ambitious
nor avaricious; and, upon this hope, is committing the
custody of her liberty to the same system.   Oh! America,
America, thou art the truly begotten of John Bull!   It Is
not proposed to follow this system throughout its deleterious
effects upon the morals of private citizens.    But if it is
capable of corrupting public officers, or Government itself,
a remark to exhibit its superior malignity over the aristoc-
racies of the first and second ages cannot be suppressed.
Tlie inanivrs and principles of Government are objects of
imitation, and influence national character.    The anstoc-   |
raey of tlie first age exhibited sanetitv, veneration for the
gods, and moral virtues to the public view,not unusefnl in
their operation, and particularly so in tunes of ignorance ;
that of the second, the virtues of generosity, honor and
bravery, not unuseliil in softening barbarism into civiliza-
tion, by the magnanimity and even the folly of chivalry.
But what virtues for imitation appear in the aristocracy of
the present age?   Avarice and ambition being its whole
«Mil. what private morals will it infuse, and what national
character will it create ?   It subsists by usurpation, deceit,
and oppression.   A consciousness of fraud impels it towards
perpetration.    By ever affecting and never practising sin-
cerity, it teaches a perpetual fear of treachery and a per-
petual effort to ensnare.    Its end is distrust and fraud,
which convert the earth into a scene of ambuscade, man
against man.  Its acquisitions inflict misery without bestow-
ing happiness; because they can only feed a rapacity which
can never be satisfied, and a luxury which cannot sup-
press remot*e.   In relation to private people, this system
may only encourage idleness, teach swindling, ruin individ-
uals, and destroy morals; but, allied to a Government, it
presents a policy of such unrivaled malignity as only to
be expressed by saving,' the Government is a speculator
upon the liberty and property of the nation!'"
Such, then, sir, is the character and tendency
of the paper or banking system.   And, with this '
system is identified the aristocracy; they are, in j
fact, inseparable.    The banking system of this
country, be it ever remembered, originated with, ,
and has been uniformly cherished and advocated ^
by, the anti-democratic or aristocratic party. The
struggle of the United States Bank (one of the
first fruits of aristocratic policy) was emphatically
a struggle for power and privilege, nay, for do-
minion.    Its friends, emboldened by the hope
and prospect of success, threw by the mask, and
not only avowed, but carried out into practice,
the principles which govern all moneyed aristoc-
racies; and arrogance, corruption, oppression, and
proscription, were openly practiced in the face of
day.
The aristocracy are not only distinguished by
their corrupt and despotic measures, and their
Eenchant for monopolies and exclusive privileges,
ut also, by the virulency and constancy of their
animosity towards the advocates of the rights and
happiness of the multitude; and hence Jefferson
and Jackson, those devoted and efficient cham-
pions of equal rights, have each in their turn, been
the objects of their peculiar hatred and unmitigated
slanders.   In fact, those who most deserve the
confidence and support of the people, are ever the
most obnoxious to the assaults and denunciations
of the aristocracy. Who, for example, have been
more grossly slandered and abused by them than
Martin Van Duren and Richard M. Johnson ?
And who have stronger claims upon the regard
and confidence of the democracy of the country
than those gentlemen' Have they not, both in
Congress and the Legislatures of their respective
States, uniformly opposed chartered monopolies,
and all other aristocratic encroachments upon the
equal rights and liberties of the people ? Have
they not, at all times, and under all circum-
stances, openly and unreservedly avowed their
hostility to all exclusive legislation, and to all
measures calculated to prejudice the cause of po-
litical equality? Have they not ever reposed the
utmost confidence in the intelligence and integ-
rity of the people, and uniformly exerted their
best energies in behalf of the people's rights and
welfare ? Let the history of their lives furnish
tlie answer.
The aristocracy are also known by yet another
characteristic—their contempt of the common people.
I do not recollect that I have ever met with any
production in which this feeling of contempt was
so strongly and heartily expressed as it is in the
late address of Mr. Biddle before the Alumni
Association of Nassau Hall. Permit me, sir, to
call your attention for a moment to the following
extract, as a specimen:
•' From your own quiet elevation, watch calmly this
servde route, [the people,] as its triumph sweeps before
you. The avenging hour will at last come. It cannot be
that our free nation will long endure the vulgar dominion
of ignorance and profligacy. You will live to see the laws
reestablished. These banditti [the people] will be scourged
back to their caverns; the penitentiary will reclaim its
fugitives in office, and the only remembrance which history
will preserve of them is the energy with which you resisted
and defeated them."
It is difficult, sir, to determine whether audacity
or Ixypocrisy is most preeminent in the extract
which I have just read.   Sir, must it not strike
every one, possessing the least sense of propriety,
as very remarkable that an individual in Mr.
¡ Biddle s peculiar situation, being at the time pres-
ident of an institution notoriously corrupt and
unconstitutional, should presume to make pre-
tensions to patriotism or to political integrity?
Why, sir, with about as much propriety might
the wanton prate of virtue, or the father of lies
of truth and righteousness, as this man of love of
country or of political honesty.     In his abuse
of the people is exhibited the profanity of Alci-
biades, defacing the images of the gods!    In his
professions of patriotism is manifested the hypoc-
risy of Clodius dedicating a temple to liberty!
And let it be remembered, sir, that this enemy of
equal rights, this contemner and libeler of the
people, is the chief priest, nay, the very Moloch,
of the Bank-Whig aristocracy.  No prince better
deeerves the homage of his subjects; none so
well qualified to direct the councils of that polit-
ical Tartarus, which he has obtained the empire
¡ of, and delights to reign over!
¡     [Note.—In consequence of indisposition, Mr.
Moore was unable to proceed in his remarks.]
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN Q. ADAMS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 25,1836,
On the Joint Resolution from the Senate authorizing the
President of the United States to cause rations to be dis-
tributed to suffering fugitives from Indian hostilities in
Alabama and Georgia.
Mr. ADAMS asked that the resolution should
be read.
It was accordingly read, and was as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Howe of Representatives of
the United State  of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be authorized to cause
rations to be delivered from the public stores to the unfortu-
nate sufferers, who are unable to provide for themselves,
and who have been driven from their homes by Indian dep-
redations, in Alabama and Georgia, until they can be rees-
tablished in their possessions, or so long as the President
shall consider it necessary.
Mr. ADAMS, after observing that there was no
appropriation annexed to the resolution, which,
if there had been, the resolution must, by the
Constitution of the United States, have been
made to assume the form of a bill, proceeded to
address the Chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in substance,
as follows:
Mr. Chairman, we are called to vote upon this
resolution without knowing how deep it will dive
into the public purse. We have no estimate from
an Executive Department; no statement of the
numbers of the distressed and unfortunate persons
whom we are called upon to relieve, not with our
own moneys but with the moneys of our constit-
uents. By an exception to the ordinary rules of
the House, especially established to guard the
public Treasury against the danger of rash and
inconsiderate expenditures, we are to drive this
resolution through all its stages in a single day;
and it is, I believe, the first example of a system
of gratuitous donations to our own countrymen,
infinitely more formidable by its consequences as
a precedent, than from anything appearing upon
its face. I shall, nevertheless, vote for it. But
answerable to my constituents, as I am in this
as in all other cases for voting away their money,
I seek for a principle which may justify me, to
their judgment and my own, in this lavish dis-
posal of the public funds.
It is but one, sir, of a class of legislative enact-
ments now upon the pages of our statute-books,
introduced first, I believe, during the present ses-
sion of Congress; but with which we are already
becoming familiar, and which I greatly fear will,
ere long, grow voluminous. I shall take the lib-
erty to denominate them the scalping-knife and
tomahawk laws. They are all urged through by
the terror of those instruments of death, under the
most affecting and pathetic appeals from the con-
stituents of the sufferers, to all the tender and
benevolent sympathies of our nature. It is im-
possible for me to withhold from those appeals a
responsive and yielding voice. I have voted for
all those bills devoting million after million from
the public chest, for the relief and defense of these
the suffering fellow-citizens of my constituents.
I will vote for this resolution. I will vote again
and again for drafts from the Treasury for the
same purpose, should they become necessary, till
the Treasury itself shall be drained; but for so
doing, I must seek for a principle which may be
satisfactory, first, to my own mind,and secondly,
j to my constituents.
|     And here, sir, the gentlemen who call upon us
1 for these bountiful contributions from the public
treasure, are compelled to resort to that common
defense and general welfare declared by the Con-
stitution of the United States to be among the
purposes for which the Constitution itself was
ordained by the  people.    I admit their claim,
i There are, indeed, two grounds upon which some
of them think their claims sustainable.   One of
' them produces precedent for  this exercise of
power, and yet disclaims the authority of the
precedent itself.   You have already, by a reso-
lution in the same words with those of the reso-
lution now before this committee, extended this
same relieAo the inhabitants of Florida.   But
Florida is one of your Territories, and you are
under obligations of protection  more compre-
hensive to its inhabitants than those which bind
i you to the people of the States.   These receive
S! and are entitled to. the protection of their State
' government, and you are bound to extend that
species of protection to the inhabitants of the
Territories, besides the  protection which the
inhabitants of the several States are entiUed to as
members of the great Confederation.   The pre-
cedent, therefore, of the resolution of relief to the
inhabitants of Florida does not cover the case.
We are reminded, however, that some twenty
years or more ago the people of Caraccas were
visited at once with a tremendous earthquake,
with famine, and with the still more heavy mis-
fortune of a civil war.  The convulsions of nature
by earthquakes, the ravages of famine, and the
raging passions of man in the desolations of civil
war, are as destructive to human life, and as
calamitous to multitudes whom they do not abso-
lutely destroy, as the tomahawk and scalping-
knife.   But whatever may have been the motives
or the justifying authority of Congress more than
