452
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
«rid. upon some of the most important questions
of difference, in a small minority. He was most
happy, however, to be able to say, that every
q.u'stion had been decided without passion or
pergonal feelirg, and that, so far as he could
ladge, all were disposed to frrtr.o a bill which
would meet the approbation of the Senate.
A single nuestion had excited peculiar interest
with him. tie had been most anxious to agree
upon a bill to regulate the deposits of the public
money in the banks, and when he found that no
proposition for the disposition of any surplus, if
surplus there should be, to which he could give
his assent, could command the support of the
majority of the committee, he had urged the sep-
aration of the two subjects, and the report of two
separate bills; the one to regulate the deposits in
the banks, and the other to provide for a more
permanent disposition of the surplus. In this he
was unsuccessful, as the majority of the commit-
tee preferred that the two subjects should be con-
nected in the same bill. Since the report of the
committee to the Senate, he had made every proper
effort in his power to produce that separation,
and he could not but congratulate himself upon
the fact that his first effort was successful; that
the first vote of the Senate sustained the propriety
of his views, and directed the separation of the
two subjects, which he must say he considered
in their nature and character entirely separate,
and the report of independent bills for each. A
reconsideration, however, had been proposed,and
after a night's deliberation, it was carried. The
motion to recommit was then lost, and the deter-
mination of the Senate thus expressed that the
two subjects should be coupled in the same bill,
and should stand or fall together. From that
time (Mr. W. said) he had felt himself relieved
from all responsibility as to a deposit bill proper.
He had found that no such bill could be passed
in the Senate, without incorporating with it a
perfectly separate and most important provision
for giving the moneys in the Treasury to the
States, under the name of a deposit. Such a pro-
vision contained principles to which he could not,
for any consideration, give his assent, and after
that vote, therefore, the bill to him had lost its
value. He had been still disposed, however, to
adhere to it, and to make further trial to so modify
its provisions, as to enable him to give it his sup-
port. With this view he had again offered his
propositions, which directed an investment of the
surplus in the Treasury in state stocks, bearing
an interest, and transferable at the pleasure of the
holder, with authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury to transfer them, when the wants of the
Treasury should require money for the stocks;
as against a proposition to loan the money to the
States without interest, this proposition had met
with little favor. He believed it had received
but four votes in a full Senate. The reasons for
a different disposition had appeared to him to be
that the money was the property of the people of
the States, and if not wanted for the uses of this
Government, ought to be given to them without
interest, instead of being invested upon interest.
He was willing to admit that some force attached
to this argument; but his mind had embraced the
argument as relating to, and growing out of, the
representative rights of the people of the States,
and as referable to their taxable liabilities. If
the money belonged to the people of the States,
and they had the right to use it without interest,
it was because it had been accumulated by taxa-
tions upon them, as drawn from a common fund,
in whic-h they possessed a common interest. Thia
he believed was the position assumed by the
friends of the bill.
Would any member of the body, then, blame
him for the surprise he had experienced when he
found a principle of distribution incorporated in
the bill entirely at variance with the rights of the
people of the States, as resulting from the rate
of representation or taxation established by our
common constitution of Government? when he
found this body made an element in the rule of
distribution of that money which had been drawn
from the people of the States, to be returned to
them, as the pretense was, because it was not
wanted for the purposes of this Government.
What was the rule of representation of the States
here?   A perfect equality.   What was the rep-
resentation of the people of the States, and the
liabilities for taxation in the other branch of this
Legislature ? There were sixteen States which
would gain by the rule of distribution in the bill;
which sixteen  States were  represented in the
Eopular branch of Congress by eighty-one mem-
ers; while there were eight States which would
lose by the incorporation of the Senate as an
element in the rule of distribution, which eight
States were represented in the same branch of
Congressby one hundred and fifty-nine members.
The constitutional rule of taxation and repre-
sentation were the same; were both based upon
the Federal numbers; and in neither was the
representation in the Senate an element.
Would it be said that this was not a proposed
distribution of this money to the people of the
States, but a mere investment of it? Why, then,
any reference to the representation of the States
in either-branch of Congress? And much more
emphatically, why this reference to both, while
a simple investment in securities of the same
character, without reference to the principle of
distribution, receives but four votes in the whole
body ? Surely no one will have the hardihood to
say, in answer to these inquiries, that the dispo-
sition intended is not a distribution to the States
according to a rule which is intended to be de-
fended as just and equal. In this sense, could
the rule of distribution be defended as just, as
equal, as constitutional? He would leave the
answers to these questions to those who supported
the bill with this provision contained in it. For
himself, he was ready and willing to say that, in
his judgment, if a power existed to return the
money to the people at all, the exercise of that
power must follow the rule which raised the
money from the people by taxation, or from that
fund which they held in common and in the same
proportions which govern their liability to tax-
ation.   .
Having thus explained himself as to the pro-
visions and progress of the bill, he was content
to rest upon the record of the proceedings upon
the bill which the Journal of the Senate would
show. If, in resisting this division of the moneys
of the nation, he had misrepresented his imme-
diate constituents, he desired they should know
the fact, and especially at this time, when it
would so soon be in their power, without his con-
sent, to fill the place he occupied with a better
man. If, in refusing to yield to a rule of distri-
bution which does them gross injustice, he had
been less liberal of their strict rights than they
would wish him to be, he was equally anxious
that they should be advised of his action, and
thus have it in their power to redress themselves,
if they have been aggrieved.
Mr. W. said there was yet a question which
he had not considered, but which must claim his
principal attention. He had hitherto spoken of
the progress of this bill, and of the rule of distri-
bution adopted by it. He had not spoken, nor
did he intend even yet to speak, of the constitu-
tional power of Congress to use its taxing power
to collect money from the people of the States,
not to give back to the people who pay the taxes,
but to place in the treasuries of the States with-
out interest. This was a great question which
he hoped the people of the States would decide
without argument from him, and to their decision '
he should most cheerfully submit. Hewasaware
he might be answered that Congress could not
use its taxing power under the Constitution to
raise moneys for distribution to the States, and
that the fact that the money was in the Treasury
had raised a necessity from which this power of
distribution was assumed. When those who
should use the argument would show him how
it was to be ascertained that the money now in
the Treasury was not raised for distribution, and
how it was hereafter to be shown that any money
in the Treasury teas raised for distribution, he
would enter upon a further argument of the point.
Until then he would content himself with sayin°-
that Congress could possess no greater and no
less powers for raising revenue than it had pos-
sessed from the adoption of the Constitution to
the present time, unless the provisions of that in-
strument upon that subject should be contracted
or enlarged. The question to which he referred,
and to the examination of which he asked the
candid and unprejudiced attention of the Senate,
was, how much money would remain in the
Treasury on the first of January next, which
could properly be termed " surplus," not required
to answer the wants of this Government, and
therefore to be given away to the States. He
had taken some pains to inform himself upon this
point, and the best information he could obtain
should be given to the Senate.
By a report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
made to the Senate on the 6th day of June instant,
the amount of money in the Treasury on that day,
subject to draft, was $33,563,654, and in conse-
quence of the late passage of the appropriation
bills, and the rapid payments from the Treasury
under them, that amount, over and above the
current receipts, is now reduced to less than
$33,000,000.
For the present, Mr. W. said he would ex-
amine the charges now existing, and likely to be
made, upon this sum; and what were they?
1.  Balance of outstanding appropriations of the
last year.........................$5,170,000
2.  Permanent appropriations, chargeable  upon
1836, viz:
Pensions under act of 7th June, 1832,
about...........................$1,300,000
Pensions to revolutionary officers, per
act of 15th May, 1828, about......      160,000
Virginia claims, per act of 5th July,
1832, about......................        52,000
Gradual improvement of the Navy... 500,000
Arming and equipping the militia....      200,000
Civilization of the Indians..........         10,000
Unclaimed dividends and interest of
debt-------.......................        50,000
Library of Congress...............          1,000
Three per cent, to new States from
sales of lands....................      500,000
Proportion of French indemnity pay-
able by the United States, being
part of the amount to be paid by us
by the treaty....................      225,000
$2,998,000
3.  Appropriations already made at the present
session of Congress, viz:
Navy bill, about...................$6,276,312
Civil list..........................   2,767,981
Supplement to civil list, about.......        71,770
Army bill.........................   4,010,485
Seminole war......................   2,120,000
District of Columbia debt...........   1,570,000
Pensions..........................      455,454
Paymentofmembers of Congress,&c.      843,880
Volunteer army bill................      300,000
Creek war.........................      500,000
Concurrent resolution as to claims of
States against the General Govern-
ment, say.......................      200,000
Private bills and miscellaneous appro-
priations  already  made,   not   less
than............................      100,000
$19,215,882
We then (Mr. W. said) had certainty so far,
and how did the account stand ? The money in
the Treasury, at our last accounts, on the 6th day
of June instant, was................$33,563,654
There were then appropriations
charged upon it as follows:
Outstanding appropriations of
1835...................$5,170,000
Permanent   appropriations
for the service of 1836... 2,998,000
Appropriations    already
made during the present
session of Congress to-
wards the service of 1836,19,215,882
--------------27,383,682
Thus leaving a balance in the Treas-
ury unappropriated on the 6th day
of the present month, amounting
to.............................°   6,179,772
Since that time the Indian annuity bill
has passed, and become a law, and,
including the sums for the removal
of Indians, appropriates about.....   1,800,000
Which, taken from the above balance
in the Treasury, will leave........ $4,379,772
