454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Incendiary Publications—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
published what he pleased, at his peril. Mr. W.
went on at some length to show that the bill was
contrary to that provision of the Constitution
which prohibits Congress to pass any law abridg-
ing the freedom of speech or of the press.
*Mr. BUCHANAN said, that as he had voted
for the engrossment of this bill, and should vote
for its final passage, he felt himself bound to
defend and justify his vote against the argument
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster.]    In doing so, he would imitate that Sen-
ator, if in no other respect, at least in being brief.
It is indispensable  to the clear and distinct
understandingofanyargument,toknowprecisely
what is the question under discussion.  Without
this knowledge, we cannot tell whether in any or
in what degree the argument is applicable to the
subject.  What, then, is the naked question now
under discussion, stripped of all the mist which
has been cast around it?   This bill embraced
but a single principle, though this principle was
carried out through three sections.    It provides
that deputy postmasters, within the limits of
such slaveholding States as have found it neces-
sary for their own safety to pass laws making it
penal to circulate inflammatory publications and
pictorial representations calculated to excite the
slaves to insurrection, shall not be protected by
the laws of the United States, in violating these
State laws.    Postmasters within  these States,
who shall knowingly distribute such publications,
are liable to be removed from office.   The bill
also provides that the post office laws of the
United States shall not protect postmasters, mail
carriers, or other officers or agents of the Depart-
ment, who shall knowingly circulate such incen-
diary publications, from the penalties denounced
against this offense under the laws of the States.
This is the spirit and principle of the bill.  It does
no more than to withdraw the protection of the
laws of the United States establishing the Post
Office Department from postmasters and other
agents of this Government who shall willfully
transgress State laws deemed absolutely necessary
to secure the States within which they exist from
servile insurrection.
This bill did not affect, in the slightest degree,
any of the non-slaveholding States. Neither did
it apply to any of the slaveholding States, except
those within which the danger of insurrection
had become so imminent as to compel them to
pass laws of the character referred to in the bill.
Of the policy and justice of passing such a bill
he could not doubt, provided we possess the
power. No person would contend that this Gov-
ernment ought to become the instrument of ex-
citing insurrection within any of the States, unless
we were constrained to pursue this course by an
overruling constitutional necessity. The ques-
tion then is, does any such necessity exist? Are
we bound by the Constitution of the United
States, through our post offices, to circulate pub-
lications among the slaves, the direct tendency
of which is to excite their passions and rouse
them to insurrection ? Have we no power to stay
our hand in any case ? Even if a portion of this
Union were in a state of open rebellion against
the United States, must we aid and assist the
rebels, by communicating to them, through our
Post Office Department, such publications and
information as may encourage and promote their
designs against the very existence of the Con-
federacy itself? If the Constitution of the United
States has placed us in this deplorable condition,
we must yield to its mandates, no matter what
may be the consequences.
Mr. B. did not believe that the Constitution
placed us in any such position. Our power over
the mails was as broad and general as any words
in the English language could confer. The Con-
stitution declares that " Congress shall have
power to establish post offices and post roads."
This is the only provision which it contains
touching the subject. After the establishment of
these post offices and post roads, who shall de-
cide upon the purposes for which they shall be
used? He answered, Congress, and Congress
alone. There was no limitation, no restriction,
whatever, upon our discretion contained in the
bond. We have the power to decide what shall
and what shall not be carried in the mail, and
what shall be the rates of postage.    He freely
admitted that, unless in extreme cases, where the
safety of the Republic was involved, we should
never exercise this power of discrimination be-
tween what papers should and should not be cir-
culated through the mail. The Constitution,
however, has conferred upon us this general
power, probably for the very purpose of meeting
these extreme cases, and it is one which, from its
delicate nature, we shall not be likely to abuse.
He differed entirely from the report of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] as to
the source whence the power was derived to pass
this bill. No action of the State Legislatures
could either confer it or take it away. It was per-
fect and complete in itself under the Federal Con-
stitution, or it had no existence. With that
Senator he entirely concurred in opinion that the
sedition law was clearly unconstitutional. Con-
gress have no power to abridge the freedom of the
press, or to pass any law to prevent or to punish
any publication whatever. He understood the
freedom of the press to mean precisely what the
Senator from Massachusetts had stated. But does
it follow, as the gentleman contends, that because
we have no power over the press, that therefore
we are bound to carry and distribute anything
and everything which may proceed from it, even
if it should be calculated to stir up insurrection or
to destroy the Government ? So far as this Gov-
ernment is concerned, every person may print,
and publish, and circultate whatever he pleases;
but are we therefore compelled to become his
agents, and to circulate for him everything he may
choose to publish ? This is the question. Any
gentleman upon this floor may write what he
thinks proper against my character; but because
he can exercise this liberty, am I therefore bound
to carry and to circulate what he has written ?
So any individual within the broad limits of this
Union, without previous restraint and without
danger of punishment from the Federal Govern-
ment, may publish what is calculated to aid and
assist the enemies of the country in open war;
but does it folio w, as a necessary consequence, that
this very Government is bound to carry and cir-
culate such publications through its mails? A
more perfect nonsequitur never had been presented
to his mind. It was one thing not to restrain or
punish publications; it was another and an en-
tirely different thing to carry and circulate them
after they have been published. The one is merely
Íiassive, the other is active. It was one thing to
eave our citizens entirely free to print and publish
and circulate what they pleased; and it was
another thing to call upon us to aid in their circu-
lation. From the prohibition to make any law
" abridging the freedom of speech or of the press,"
it could never be inferred that we must provide
by law for the circulation through the post office
of everything which the press might publish; and
yet this is the argument both of the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from South Caro-
lina. If this argument were well founded, it was
very clear to his mind, that no State law could
confer upon Congress any power to pass this bill.
We derived our powers from the Federal Consti-
i tution, and from that alone. If under its provis-
ions we had no authority to pass the bill, we could
derive no such authority from the laws of the
States.
Why, then, did Mr. B. vote for a bill to pre-
vent the circulation of publications prohibited by
State laws? Not because we derived any power
from these laws; but, under the circumstances,
they contained the best rule to guide us in de-
ciding what publications were dangerous. The
Slates were the bestjudges of what was necessary
for their own safety and protection; and they
would not call for the passage of this bill unless
they were firmly convinced that the situation in
which they were placed imperiously demanded it.
They were willing to submit to a great evil in
depriving themselves of information which might
be valuable to them, in order to avoid the still
greater evil that would result from the circulation
of these publications and pictorial representations
among their slaves. Such a law would not be
permitted to exist after the necessity for it had
ended. He was therefore willing, upon this
occasion, to refer to the laws of the States, not
for the purpose of conferring any power on Con-
! gress, but merely for a description of the pub- I
lications which it would be unlawful for our
deputy postmasters within these States to circu-
late.
This bill was in strict conformity with the
recommendations contained in the President's
message on this subject, which had, he believed,
found favor everywhere. The principles of this
message, which had been pronounced unconsti-
tutional by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] had, he believed, been highly com-
mended in a resolution passed by the Legislature
of that State. He would read an extract from
the President's message:
" In connection with these provisions in relation to the
Post Office Department, I must also invite your attention
to the painful excitement produced in the South by attempts
to circulate through the mails inflammatory appeals ad-
dressed to the passions of the slaves, in prints, and in
various sorts of publications calculated to stimulate them
to insurrection, and to produce all the horrors of a servile
war.
" There is, doubtless, no respectable portion of our coun-
trymen who can be so far misled as to feel any other senti-
ment than that of indignant regret at conduct so destructive
of the harmony and peace of tlie countiy, and so repugnant
to the principles of our national compact and to the dic-
tates of humanity and religion. Our happiness and pros-
perity essentially depend upon peace within our borders—
and peace depends upon the maintenance, in good faith, of
those compromises of the Constitution upon which the
Union is founded. It is fortunate for the country that the
good sense, the generous feeling, and the deep rooted at-
tachment of the people of the non-slaveholding States to
the Union, and to their fellow-citizens of the same blood
in the South, have given so strong and impressive a tone
to the sentiments entertained against the proceedings of the
misguided persons who have engaged in these unconstitu-
tional and wicked attempts, and especially against the
emissaries from foreign parts who have dared to intefere in
this matter, as to authorize the hope that those attempts
will no longer be persisted in. But if these expressions of
the public will shall not be sufficient to effect so desirable
a result, not a doubt can be entertained that the non-
slaveholdmg States, so far from countenancing the slightest
interference with the constitutional rights of the South,
will be prompt to exercise their authority in suppressing,
so far as in them lies, whatever is calculated to produce
this evil.
" In leaving the care of other branches of this interesting
subject to the State authorities, to whom they properly
belong, it is nevertheless proper for Congress to take such
measures as will prevent the Post Office Department,
which was designed to foster an amicable intercourse and
correspondence between all the members of the Confed-
eracy, from being used as an instrument of an opposite
character. The General Government, to which the great
trust is confided of preserving inviolate the relations created
among the States by the Constitution, is especially bound
to avoid in its own action anything that may disturb them.
I would, therefore, call the special attention of Congress
to the subject, and respectfully suggest the propriety of
passing such a law as will prohibit, under severe penalties,
the circulation in the southern States', through the mail, of
incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to
insurrection."
In reply to Mr. Webster, Mr. B. said that he
did not think there was any vagueness in that
part of the bill on which the gentleman had com-
mented, except what arose from the nature of the
subject. It is vague, says the gentleman, because
it contains no description of the publications, the
circulation of which it intends to prohibit, except
the words "touching the subject of slavery."
On this foundation he had erected a considerable
portion of his argument. Mr. B. acknowledged
that if the bill contained no other description
than this, it would be impossible to carry it into
execution. But this was not the fact. The sub-
sequent language restricted this vague descrip-
tion; because it confined the operation of the bill
to such publications only," touching the subject
of slavery," as were prohibited from circulation
by the laws of the respective States.
We have I,said Mr. B.) wisely and properly
referred, for the description of the offense, to the
laws of the different States which will be embraced
by the bill. It was just—it was politic—it was
treating those States with a proper degree of
respect, to make our law conform with their laws,
and thus to take care that no conflict should arise
between our deputy postmasters and their State
authorities. Could the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts himself make the bill more explicit? He
' could not do it, consistently with the principles
upon which it was founded, without incorporating
into its provisions all the laws of all the States
who had thought proper to pass laws upon_ this
subject. Our deputy postmasters were resident
citizens of those States. They were bound to
know the State laws under which they lived; and
all that this bill requires is, that they shall not
violate them.
