456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.   Incendiary Publications—Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Webster, Mr. Buchanan.
Senati
office power did not give them the nsht to regu-
late what should be earned in the mails Why,
there was no such powtr as that claimed in the
bill, and if they passed sach a law, it would be
exercising a most dangerous power. Why, if
such doctrine prevailed, the Government might
designate the persons, or parties, or classes who
should have the benefit of the mails, excluding all
others.
It was too often in the condemnation of a par-
ticular evil that they were urged on to measures
of a dangeious tendency. All must agree as to
the dangeious consequences of persons residing
out of CLitain Stitet, tiansmitting to them mcen-
diaiy publnations, calculated to piomote civil
war and bloodshed. All must see the evil, and
a great evil it was, and he hoped that a stop
would be put to it; but Congress had no power
to pass beyond the Constitution for the purpose
of correcting it. The States alone had the power,
and their powei was ample for the purpose. He
hoped never to see the time when the General
Government should undertake to correct the evil
by such measures as the one befoie them. If
(said Mr. C.) you can pass this law to prohibit
the delivery through the post office of publica-
tions touching the subject of slavery, might they
not also pass laws to prohibit any citizen of New
York or Massachusetts ñora publishing and
transmitting through the mails touching that
subject .? If you may touch the subject of slavery
at all, why not go to the root of the evil ? Sup-
pose one of the southern States were to pass a
law of this kind, would you not be called upon
by all the arguments now used in favor of this
bill, to carry such laws into effect? Mr. C. con-
cluded by saying that the bill was calculated to
destroy all the landmarks of the Constitution,
establish a precedent for dangerous legislation,
and to lead to incalculable mischief. There was
no necessity for so dangerous an assumption of
authority, the State laws being perfectly compe-
tent to correct the evil complained of. He must
say, that from the first to the last he was opposed
to the measure.
Mr. CALHOUN could not concur with the
views taken by the Senators fiom Massachusetts
and Kentucky, that this bill would comprehend
in its provisions all publications touching the sub-
ject of slavery. In order to bring any publica-
tion within the provisions of the bill, two qualifi-
cations were necessary. The first was, that it
must relate to the subject of slavery; and the next
was, that it must be prohibited by the laws of the
State to which it is transmitted. He thought that
this was the view that would be taken of it by the
courts. The object of this bill was to make it the
duty of the postmasters in the States to conform
to the laws of such States, and not to deliver out
papers in violation of their laws. The simple
question was, had this Government the power to
say to its officers, you shall not violate the laws
of the States in which you reside? Could it go
further, and make u their duty to cooperate with
the States in canying their laws into effect ? This
was the simple question. Now, could any man
doubt that Congiess possessed the power to pass
both measmes, so that their officers might not
come in conflict with the State laws, ? Indeed, he
looked upon measures of this kind, to pievent
conflicts between the Gcneial and State govern-
ments, which were likely to ensue, as essentially
necessaiy, for it was evident that when such
conflicts took place, the State must have the
ascendency.
Mr. C. then briefly recapitulated the principles
on which this bill was founded, and contended
that it was in aid of laws passed by the States,
as far as Congreso had the power constitutionally
to go, and assume no power to prohibit or inter-
fere with the publication or circulation of any
paper whatever; it only declared that the officers
of the Government should not make their official
stations a shield for violating the State laws.
Was there any one there who would say that the
States had not the power to pass laws prohibit-
ing, and making penal, the circulation of papers
calculated to incite insurrection among their slaves.?
It being admitted that they could, could not Con-
gress order its officers to abstain fiom the viola-
tion of these laws? We do not (said Mr. C.)
pass a law to abridge the freedom of the press,
or to prohibit the publication and cuculation of
any paper whatever—this has been done by the
States already. The inhibition of the Constitu-
tion was on Congress, and not on the States,
who possessed full power to pass any laws they
thought pioper. They knew that there were
several precedents to sanction this bill. Congress
had passed laws to abstain from the violation of
the health laws of the States. Could any one
say that the Constitution gave to Congress the
power to pass quarantine laws? He had not
adverted to the message of the President on this
subject, because he believed that the President
acted fiom the best motives, and that that pait
of the message was drawn up without sufficient
reflection. He denied, however, that this mes-
sage was in conformity with the Constitution.
It would be dnectly abridging the liberty of the
press for Congress to pass such laws as the
Piesident recommended. One part of the mes-
sage he would refer to, which was in these
words:
' I would, therefore, call the special attention of Con-
gress to tin. subject, and respectfully suggest the propriety
ot passing such a law as will prohibit, under severe pen-
alties, the cuculation in the southern State , through the
mail, incendiary publications, intended to instigate the
slaves to insurrection "
This was clearly unconstitutional, for it not
only recommended the prohibition of publications
and circulation of incendiary papers, (abridging
the freedom of the press,) but it recommended also
the infliction of severe penalties, which powers
were expressly prohibited by the Constitution.
On no other principle could this ever be defended
than that it was simply abstaining from a viola-
tion of the laws of the States.
The Senator from Kentucky contended that
this bill was useless, and he (Mr. C ) agieed that
it was so in one sense, and that was, with or with-
out this bill, the southern States would execute
their own laws against the circulation of such
papers. It was a case of life and death with them;
and did anybody suppose that they would per-
mit so many magazines in their bosom, to blow
them to destruction, as these post offices must be,
if these incendiary publications continued to be
circulated through them? While the southern
States contained so many postmasters opposed
to their institutions, as it was in his own State,
where almost every postmaster was opposed to
it, it was absolutely necessary for them to take
effectual measures for their own secuuty. It was
the assertion of the principle that the States had
a right to protect themselves w*ich made the bill
valuable in his eyes; it prevented the conflict
which would be likely to take place between the
General and State Governments, unless some
measure of the kind should be adopted. The
States had a right to go to the extent of this bill,
and they would be wanting to themselves and to
posterity if they omitted to do it. It was on the
doctrine of State rights and State intervention that
he supported this bill, and on no other grounds.
The Senatoi fiom Massachusetts objected to
the íetuining of those papers whose delivery was
prohibited. He regietted this as much as the
Senator did, but his objection was, that it did not
go fai enough; he thought that these papers
should be delivered to the prosecuting offiiers of
the States, to enable them to feriet out the designs
of the incendiaries
Mi. WEBSTER remarked that, in general, it
might be safely said, that when different gentle-
men supported a measure admitted to be of a
novel character, and placed their defense of it on
different and inconsistent grounds, a very simple
person might believe, in such case, that there weie
no very stronggrounds for adopting the measure.
Ihe Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator
fiom South Carolina not only placed their defense
of the bill on opposite grounds, buteach opposed
the principles on which the other founded his
support of it. Where the object to be gained was
appatently good, and the case urgent, as it was
represented to be, how could limitations of power
stand against powerful opponents, which have
always been urging to despotism ? Now, against
the objects of this bill, he had not a word to say;
bat with constitutional lawyers, there was a great
difference between the object and the means to
carry it into effect. It was not the object to be
gained, but the means to attain it, which they
should look to, foi though the object might be
good, the means might not be so His objec-
tions went to the means, and not to the object;
and he did not yield the aigument because the
object was a good one, and the case was urgent.
It was better to limit the power, and run the
risk of injury from the want of it, than to give
a power which might be exercised m a dangeious
manner.
The Senator from Pennsylvania said that this
bill was calling on Congress to do nothing but to
abstain from violating the laws of the States. "It
was one thing," said the Senatoi, " for Congress
to abstain fiom giving these incendiary papéis
circulation, and another to pass laws saying that
they shall not be published." But if Congress
had no mail through which these papers could be
transmitted, what did the gentleman mean by
Congiess abstaining from giving them cuculation?
It mean t that Congress should in tei fere and should
create an especial exception as to what should be
transmitted by their ordinary channel of intelli-
gence, and that that exception should be caused
by the character of the writing or publication.
He contended that Congress had not the power,
drawn from the character of the paper, to decide
whether it should be cained in the mail or not,
for such decision would be a direct abndgement
of the freedom of the press. He confessed that
he was shocked at the doctrine. He looked back
to the alien and sedition laws which were so uni-
versally condemned throughout the country, and
what was their object ? Certainly to prohibit pub-
lications of a dangerous tendency. Mr. W. here
quoted the sedition law, to show the objects it
intended to effect. But the deputy postmasters
must look into the newspaper mail to see if there
were any publications in it touching the subject
of slavery calculated to excite insurrections among
the slaves
Now (said Mr. W.) the country would have
been rent into atoms if the sedition law, instead
of saying that papers should not be published in
such and such a way, had declared that the
deputy postmasters should have the power to
seaich the mails to see if they contained any
publications calculated to "bring the Govern-
ment into disrepute, promote insurrection, and
lead to foreign war," the evils the sedition law
intended to guard against All the papéis de-
scribed in the law of '99 were unlawful by the
laws of any of the States, and yet that law which
had created so much excitement and met with
such geneial reprobation contained nothing like
the power claimed by this bill. Any law dis-
tinguishing what shall oi shall not go into the
mails, founded on the sentiments of the paper,
and making the deputy postmastei the judg^, he
should say, was expressly unconstitutional, if
not recommended by gentlemen of such high
authority. This bill went beyond the recom-
mendation of the President, for his íecommenda-
tion was, that the person who cudilated the
papers described by him should be punished by
severe penalties Now, this was the old law of
hbeity—there was not a word of previous restraint
in it as imposed by this bill. Mr. W. then went
into an argument to show the vagueness ot the
bill in describing the paper, the delivery of which
was prohibited. Under it it was impossible to
determine what publications should be prohibited;
abolition pamphlets were to be stopped at the
South, and anti-abolition papers were to be
stopped at the North.
In reply to Mr. Buchanan, he said that he did
not assume that these prohibited publications
either were or were not property. All he said
was, that they ought not to make the deputy
postmasters the judge, and take away the prop-
erty without the authority of law. What he had
to say was, that it was a question of property or
no property, and that they could not make the
deputy postmasters the judge of the fact, as he
could not be a judge of property known to the
Constitution and the law.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had not anticipated,
when he first addressed the Senate upon this sub-
ject, that he should have occasion to make any
further remarks; but the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had replied to his argument in such a
special manner, that he felt himself constrained
to reply to some of his remarks.    Now, permit
