438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Michigan—Mr. Kinnard.
Ho. of Reps.
postmaster must tudge whether these papers are
feo-nl or not. He holds in his hand papers which
the laws of his State have said shall not be cir-
culated, under a penalty Is he not to decide
whe her he shall incur that penalty or not' How
stood the argument of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ' He requires that the officer shall vio-
late the laws of his State, or that the General
Government shall protect him in it With íegard
to the members that compose the Senate, every
gentleman was conscious in his own breast of a
strong desire to prevent the ewis of a servile wai
in the southern States. Ot this he was confident.
But with íegard to the Senator fiom Massichu
setts, he should be guilty of a want ot candor if
he allowed him that clearness of judgment winch
belonged to the statesman, he should be wanting
in that sincerity of heart on which he had ever
prided himself, if he declared his conviation that
the honorable Senator had treated this subject
with the libeial and impartial spirit it deserved.
The gentleman's course had uniformly been op-
posed to all those measures which tended to quiet
the country, and healed those sectional dissen-
sions which disturb the Union.
When a large and overwhelming vote was taken
in the Senate, on the motion of the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania, believed by all to be so necessary
to settle a question threatening the most fearful
consequences, it was held to be highly desirable
that there should be a unanimous vote     Yet, on
an occasion when the Senator could well have
shown a desire to harmonize and conciliate, his
vote was found in the negativ e   Again, the Senator
from Massachusetts had put forth a paper calcu-
lated to excite great distrust in the body of the
people affected by it.    He alluded to the resolu-
tions, adopted at a meeting held in Boston, on
the subject of slavery, of which the gentleman
was said to be the author, in which it was declared
that Congress  had   the powei to regulate  the
transfer of slaves from one State to anothei    Mr.
C. said that he had addiessed the Senate but
seldom, and, as he wished to be heaid on this
subject moie at large when his health was bet-
ter, and under more favorable cucumstances, he
hoped the Senate would indulge him by a post-
ponement
Mr. WEBSTER said that he had heard the
remarks of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Cuth-
bertJ with attention and with respect, and con-
sidering his speech of a peisonal character, it
became him to notice it, but as the gentleman
proposed to discuss this subject more at large
when his health was better,and, as he said, under
circumstances less tending to irritation,he should
postpone his reply till then. He should hear
the gentleman with pleasure, and he looked for-
ward to it with much solicitude, and should en-
deavor to reply to him according to his best
abilities. Mr. W. then entered into a lengthy
reply to the remarks of Mr. Buchanan, in the
course of which he contended that the law was
unnecessary, because the States had at present
the power to punish the deputy postmasters who
should circulate incendiary publications in viola-
tion of their laws
Mi. BUCHANAN did not rise again to aigue
the question. He did not feel any petty desire
to have the last word He should now meiely
remaik that the Senator fiom Massachusetts, in
his last observations, had done nothing more than
again to restate his proposition, without offering
any new argument in its support. He reminded
him of another powerful man, in the ancienttime,
who was condemned to roll a large stone to the
top of a mountain, which was always falling
back upon him, and which he never could accom-
plish. The gentleman's position was one which
even his great powers did not enable him to main-
tain.
Mr. B. should not again have risen but for the
purpose of making a single remark. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts had just expressed the
opinion that deputy postmasters could be pun-
ished, under State authority, for circulating in-
flammatory pamphlets and papers in violation of
State laws. If this be true, then all the power
over the post office which we confer by this bill
already exists in the States. The effect of it, then,
will be nothing more than to express our assent
to the exercise of a power over deputy postmas-
ters by the States, which the gentleman admits to
exist already Upon this principle theie can bo
no objection to the adoption of the present meas-
ure
Mr. CUTHBERT only rose to repeat the re-
quest that the Senate would, by the postpone-
ment of the subject to a short day, allow him an
opportunity of being heaid on it when his health
was better.
Mr C. then moved to lay the bill on the table;
which motion was lost
The bill was then rejected by the following
vote:
YE\S — Me^rs   Black, Brnwn,  Buchinin,  Cilhoun,
(,'uthbeit, Grundy, King of Alabama, Knuot Georgia,Man
gum, Mooie, Nicholas, Porter, Pre-ton, Rue>, Robinson,
Tillundge. WTilker  While, and Wright—19
NAYS—Me-si> Benton. Chv, Crittenden, Davis, En ing
of Illinois, Ewing of Ohio, Goldsborough, Hendricks, Hub
bard, Kent, Knight, Leigh, Mckean, Morris, Niudam,
Nile-, Pienti 1-, Rugjles, Slieplej, Southard, Smft, Tipton,
Tomluisou, Wall, and Webster—25
ADMISSION OF MICHIGAN
REMARKS OP HON   G   L. KINNARD,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 8, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole House, on the bill for the
admission of Michigan into the Union.
Mr. KINNARD said:
Mr Chairman: Such is the lateness of the
hour, and the impatience of the committee, I shall
ask their indulgence foi a few moments only
The frequent allusions to the State which sent me
here seem to require that I should say something
on this subject.
It is tiue, sir, I have differed from two of my
fi lend sand colleagues with regard to the boundary
bill which was laid on the table yesterday It
has seldom happened that I have differed in
opinion with those gentlemen; and when I do
differ with them, paiticularly in relation to mat-
teis that aie supposed to concern Indiana, it is
always with a regret as sincere on my part as, I
know, is their devotion to the prosperity and
honoi of that State and of the country
I did not conceive that any very important
consequences were involved, one way or the
other, in the vote by which the boundary bill
was laid on the table. I thought at the time, and
do still think, that if that bill had been passed,
theie would have been adopted the most plain and
direct mode of settling the boundary question,
and in our legislation we should then have avoided
the necessity of blending it with the provisions
and pioposuions upon which the State of Michi-
gan is to be admitted into the Union.
I am not prepared to agiee with those who
regaid this question, and the ensuing presidential
election, as having any connection or dependence
upon each other. Whatever may be the feelings
of some gentlemen, these two concerns seem to
me to be very wide apart, at least they ought to
be, so far as the action of the House it, concerned
I do not know of any one opposi d to the admis-
! sion of Michigan, after tin passage of any bill to
settle the boundary. Whethei that requisition
be indispensable, I will not now undertake to
decide, but it suiely presents the only giound for
resisting her application. As to othei considera-
tions connected with the presidential question, Í
feel incapable of being actuated by them, and
the opinions, which I am known to entertain with
íespect to that election, forbid the idea that I
could have been governed, in the vote which I
gave, by any other than a desire to discharge my
duty in this House. My obligation to sustain
the constitutional rights of my own State, or of
¡ any other, is paramount to all other considera-
1 tions; it is infinitely above any wish to promote
the political elevation of any man living, or the
triumph of any party in this country.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinion,] is one which may
become the more necessary, since the other bill,
which provides for the same object, has not been
passed, and in my opinion that necessity will be
greater or less, according to the course which
Michigan may pursue, and the construction which
that State and Congress may hereafter give to
the piovibions and force of the bill now pendin 
I shall vote for it, howevei, with the vkw of
putting the whole matter beyond dispute and
misconception heieafter,as far as the constitu-
tional powei of this Congiess will enable us to
do at this time. Hertafter, or whi n Michigcn
is admitted, Congiess will have no right to insist
upon any stipulation vv Inch would subveit any
piovision with legaid to boundaries, oi anything
else which may be contained in the Constitution
with which she may be brought into the Ccnfed-
eiacy This is, therefoie, the only time when
we can, with propriety or justice, refuse what
she demands, or restrict the rights and pnvileges
which she claims at our hands If we fail to do
it now, we cannot be umpires m the dispute
between Ohio and Michigan after the latter has
become a membei of the Union and is placed
upon an equal footing with the othci States I
shall vote from the necessity of the case, and
from a very natural and anxious hope that the
íesult of oui proceedings with íegaid to this sub
ject will give repose to all the piities concerned,
by placing them all, as completely as we now
can, in possession of their íespective lights
Nothing is further fiom my heait than to vote
any unnecessary restriction upon the new State
of Michigan. I can conceive of no reason why I
should not feel for her inteiests and lights, as far
as they are admissible, every degree of solicitude
Indiana and Michigan aie the nearest neighbois,
then general permanent interests are the same,
and the citizens of each are certainly disposed to
cultivate the most harmonious and friendly feel-
ings, and I do theiefore icgret the existence of a
dire necessity which neithei Michigan noi Con-
giess can escape
We must settle this dispute by choosing the
most plausible and nghtful of the alternatives
which are presented to us If we do not, we shall
behold increased excitement growing out of the
present state of things. As fast as time pro-
giess^s, the evil will glow in magnitude, and it
will be still further beyond oui reach to apply
any satisfactory, proper, and peaceful remedy.
Sir, as an American, as a man who has been
reared in the West, I have always felt the strong-
est aveision to the íestnctions which are imposed
by this Government upon the new States as fast
as they come into the Union. I have witnessed
their effects upon the prospenty of those States.
I have always been bold to decíate the opinion,
that not one of those States has been in fact ad-
mitted to that equal condition with the old States
which this Government pi omiscd, and which Vir-
ginia undertook to guaranty when she ceded the
NorthwestTerntory to the United States. While
I am anxious to modify your policy towards the
West, I know that we cannot throw off the burden
which, by a sort of compact, the new States have
taken upon themselves one after another. The
other States that aie to succeed must advance in
the same road, beaiing the same lestuctions upon
thin soveieignty which their predecessors are
still laboring under.
I must here take occasion to correct a misap-
prehension into which the gentleman fiom Ohio
[Mi Vinton] has fallen, and at the same time
thank him foi the compliment which he paid to
Indiana, in exptessing his opinion of the ability
of the aigument adopted by hei General Assem-
bly in reference to this subject. But, in the pro-
ceedings alluded to, Indiana did not, as the
honorable gentleman seems to think, urge Con-
gress to reconfirm her noithern boundaiy. As
she denies that you have constitutional authonty
to impair the permanency of the boundaries laid
down in her constitution, so she has not called
upon you to reaffirm them. She contends that
her constitutional limits are not subject to the
control of Congress or to the jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court. That is the ground on which
she has at once placed herself, with a prompti-
tude and unanimity honorable to her public coun-
cils, and, in coming to that decision, her General
Assembly has enacted the proudest page o*f her
legislative history. To adhere to it is the high
duty she has to perform, for which the fortitude
and patriotism of her poople will, I trust, ba
ample security.
