1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
'24 th Cong....1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
\ME\"D1\G THE JOURWL
REMARKS OF HON. S. WILLIAMS, '
OF KFXTUCKY,
Is' THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Juiií 15, lb36,
l'pon the motnnol Mr  Aiums to amend the Journal of
ttie loth o! the same munUi.
Mr WILLI WIS said-
Mr Speaker Inasmuch as the proposition to
amend the Journal, now under cons delation,
grew out ot a motion madt by me foi the pre-
vious question, I consider it niv duty to mike a
few remarks in justice to the Speaker tnd to those
%ho sustained the decision of the Chair upon the
appeal made by the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mr Advm* ] If 1 understand the propo-
sition to amend, it is to permit the gentleman
from Massachusetts to have placed "upon the
Journal his intentions and reasons for cluming
the floor wm n the Speaker had decided that I was
entitled to it In the fust place, I deny the right
of any member upon this floor to have his inten-
tions and reasons for suppoi ting and maintaining
any proposition under consideration placed upon
the Journal. Sir, suppose we adopt the rule that
each member shall have his intentions and rea-
sons for every vote he gives, or every position he
assumes, placed upon the Journals of this House,
when would we be able to close the present ses-
sion of Congress; and when, I would ask, would
the Clerk be able to make up the Journal' Sn,
it would be endless, and worse than listless, to
attempt such a course. As well might I ask to
have my reasons placed upon the Joui nals for
demanding the previous question, as for the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to ask to have his
intentions and nasons pi iced upon the Journals,
why he concluded ami determined in his own
mind that he was entitled to the floor in pieference
to me If I understand the reading of the Jour-
nal, it is made up in the usual way, and, accoid-
mg to the customs and rules ot paihamciitaiy
usages; and 1 for one am against any change oi
innovation to suit the cipuce and whim of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Ad wis,] or
any other gentleman
My main ooject in rising, Mr Speaker, upon
the present occasion, is not to discuss the pro-
priety of the amendment, but merely to state the
facts as they occurred and took place upon the
occasion to which this amendment of the Journal
has reference When the bill to admit the State
of Arkansas into the Union wras taken up, ex-
pecting we were to have a long, protiacted, and
I might say, a useless debate, I determined to
call the previous question, and, immediately upon
the annunciation by the Speaker of the quf stion
upon the reading of the bill a third time, I rose
and addressed the Chair; and as I then thought,
and yet believe, ( ,nd as si veial gentlemen around
me thought,) I was entitled to the floor The
Speaker, ho we ver, announced the gentleman from
Massachusetts, f\lr Ad.ms,] who thereupon
moved his amendment, sent it to the Chan, and
it was read by the Clerk As soon as thi Cleik
read the amendment, I addicssed the Speaker,
the Speaker announced the gen'leman from Ken-
tucky I then íemarked that I considcicd it of
more importance to vote and to do the business of
the people, and return home to oui constituents,
than to sit here and hear long and tiresome abo-
lition speeches, and I therefore moved the pre-
vious question, The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] who, I believe, was upon
his feet all this time, never pretended to claim
the floor, and when the Speaker, and not until
then, entertained my motion for the previous
question, and announced from the chair that the
previous question was demanded, did the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad wis] pretend
to claim the floor, and win n he did claim it, I
thru took my scat, not with an intention of
yi<lding the floor to the gentleman, but for the
pirpose of wi.ting the d< cisión of the Speaker
who was entitled to thf floor, and the Speaker,
ltnag'm g, I suppose, by my sitting down, that
I hiJ yielded thf floor, announced the gentleman
from Massachusetts I then rosi fiom my seat,
and  icmarked   that  I claimfd   the   floor.    The
Speaker then said if I claimed the floor, by the
rules of the House I was entitled to it I remarked
again that 1 did claim the floor The Speaker
then diculed that 1 was cntitlid to it, and to my
mind it is a veiy clear pioposition that I was
entitled to the tlooi, for if the gentleman from
Massachusetts was entitled to the floor, because
of his h lvmg moved the amendment to the lull,
in preftrence to me or any other membt r of the
House, (which proposition, by-the by, I deny,)
the tinif> at whuh he should have claimed the
flooi was when I addiesstd the Speaker, or as
soon thereiftei as he could have done so, and not
to vv nt until I gave my reasons for moving (and
having actually moved) the previous question,
and until the Speaker had entertained my motion,
and distinctly announced fiom the chau that the
pieviotrs question was demanded It was then
too late foi the gentleman fiom Massachusetts to
claim the floor, if he would have been otherwise
entitled to it, which I deny There is no mlc of
this House which entitles the mover of a piopo-
sition to the floor in prefeience to all the other
membeis of this House We are all, in that
respect, upon an equal footing 1 theiefore have
no hesitation in saying that the Speaker decided
correctly, and the House did right in sustaining
his decision; and I am equally clear and certain
that the reasons given, and intended to have been
given, by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
why he thought he was entitled to the floor,
should not be placid upon the Journal. I shall,
therefore, vote against the pioposed amendment.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.                    I
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. BOULDIN,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
June 7 and 16, 1836,
On the commitment of the Senate hill to appropriate, for
a limited time, the proceeds of the sales ol the public
linrts ot the United State , and for granting linil to ccr
tain States.
The motions pending were the following:
1   Bv Mr CtttR, to commit the bill to the Committee on
the Public Land',,
2   B\ Mr Gillet, to the Committee of Wajs and
Meaii~,
3   Mr Denny moved instructions to the committee to
report the bill on the ensuing Wednesday, without amend-
ment
June 16—Mr Kinvard moved to amend Mr Denvy's
instructions «o as to imend the bill and provide for di^pos
ing ot the public linds to actuil settlers, in limited parcelt,
at prices sufficient to reimburse the United States lor the
expense of acquiring, survevmg and selling siul lands.
Mr. BOULDIN spoke as follows:
Mr Spf\ker: The whole question, then, at
this time, is this. To w hat committee shall this
bill be refeirf d ' It is of the u most importance
that it should be refeitcd to the pioper comn ilt-e.
I feel a desire to make a fi w remarks upon this
bill, and shall make but few. I feel much inteiest
in this sub|ect, and my constituents, I am sure,
feel much, the whole nation is alive to the mipoit-
ancc of it—I mi an the disti lbuUon of the public
íevenue, or rather, as it is geneially called, the
suiplus ii venue. Sn,I have heard it from all
sides, and most emphatically said and reiterated
from the school in politics to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Den\y] is attached,
(and he himself has often and over and again re-
peated,) that the suiplus revenue of the United
States is dangerous to the people—dangeious to
the Government of the United States—hostile to
the purity of our institutions, and that it ought
not to be permitted thus to endanger all that is
dear to us—ought not to be permitted to exist in
sums so laige
A natuial inc[Uiry—an all important inquuy—
heie arises- How came this great evil m exist-
ence' Whocieated it? What was it created foi '
I hear the same song ringing in myeaisfiom
morning till night, " the dangei of the suiplus
revenue " I know it is dangi ious to the people,
| for I see and know and feel its effects. But who,
sir, created it ' The very men who now seek most
to alarm U3 with its fearful consequences     The
very men who said and insisted that nothing
could secuie the prosperity of the people of the
Union but the very measure that gave birth to
this dieadful calamity that hes befallen us, and
without continual sustenance fiom which it would
immediately languish away and perish and pass
out of existence And, sn, who aie they ' Aie
they not the friends of this bill and of the Ameri-
can system' Who do its fricrds take pride in
claiming as the father of both' Peihap?, how-
cvei, Alexandi r Hamilton was the true father of
the American system. But another distinguished,
gentleman claims that system as his offspiing,
and his friends do so likewise, and he feels foi it
the never dying attachment of a father to his
offspring. Who is the father of this land bill, if
he is not' How often and how long have we all
heaid and talked of the Amencan system and the
land bill' To whom has universal reputation
given it' Who sustained this very lull in another
body lately with such aidor and eloquence as is
sildom rivaled anywhere by any man, if it was
not the father of the American system ' Did not
the bill, in its original state, contain a provision
that this money, when distributed, should be
spent by the States in internal improvements and
schools' I cannot, fiom these and many other
reasons, but feel an apprehension that there is a
desire, by this means and others, among the
friends of this American system, to revive and
continue it in existence. I have, therefore, a
great choice as to what committee shall take
chaige of the bill.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] and
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Denny]
seemed to ngiee in pait, and disagiee in part.
The one thought this surplus produced most
mischief in one way, and the othei in another
way; but both agreed that its effects are dreadful,
and will be woise. Sir, I own the evil is gteat,
and the remedy difficult and doubtful, but who
produced it' What is theiemedy' To whom
shall we fly for relief These aie questions as
natuial as they are important. We have seen
who produced it. Now, sii, shall we fly to the
same quarter for relief If it was brought on us
by them without knowing the effects, it shows a
want of forecast If designedly, knowing at the
same time the effects likely to be produced, then
surely we must infer that they think they have
a remedy. They were warned of the evil, and
imploied to desist from it. The answer was,
that without this protecting system, this tributary
duty system, this "American system," the coun-
try could not prosper.
Now the thing is done, and the money collected
and in hand, and that in defiance of all who
thoiight with us, who weie opposed to it, of the
injustice of the rheasuie as well as of its fearful
consequences, the very men who pioduced the
evil art loudest in complaints against it and
against the Administration, and the opposers of
the whole p'an that pioduced it, because it is in
existence. Tiue, if the Piesident had not, by
his veto, put a stop oi a check to the pi ogress of
expendituus for internal improvements by the
F. deial Government, we should have no suiplus;
but we should have had the tariff, the internal
impiovement, and the bank, in all their strength.
If, then, we laise the money and distnbute it
among the States, and by that means carry on the
Ameacan system in a new way, what would be
the difference > Simply this, we should have to
pay for collecting and distiibutmg (instead of col-
lecting only) this surplus revenue. This would
be the whole diffeience in effect, and so inciease
the tanff to that extent.
I prefei to intrust the care of this evil to those
who were against the creation of it and are op-
posed to the continuance of it. The father, and
all the most devoted fnends of the bill, were
fi lendly to the creationof thissurplus, and friendly
to all the measures that are calculated to supply
the fountain fiom which it must continue to be
fed, if fed at all.                              .
The gentleman fiomPennsylvama [Mr JJennyJ
said the bill ought to go into the hands of those
who had no feeling on the subject Then, sn,
it would go wheie I would be more willing than
he would to see it go. It would go out of this
House, foi theie is nobody here that has no feel-
ing about it.    Who heie has no feeling on the
