460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Land Distribution Bill—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
(subject?    What committee of this House has
none?    Did the gentleman himself display no
feeling about it?    I am free to admit, sir, that I
have a great deal of feeling on the subject, and so
has the whole nation.    Yet, if we should now be
brought to the point of the bayonet about the dis-
tribution of it, as we were on account of the
gathering of it, and the Union at hazard, and the
whole nation in a ferment, it is then that a certain
gentleman, who has the reputation of being the
father of this project, as he was of the other, after
having raised such a degree of heat that it would
ao-ain seem as if the Union itself would be dis-
solved, may perhaps again interpose and arrest
the consequences, and again obtain the credit of
making peace, after having had awarded to him
that of causing the war.    Sir, I am unwilling to
intrust this particular subject to any man, or the !
supporters of any man, who raised the money at
the hazard of the dissolution of the Union, to be
distributed back among the States for purposes of
internal improvement, or upon charity.
I am anxious not to send it into the channel
into which the friends of the American system '
wish to send it, for the very reasons that have
been urged for doing so.    I do not know as yet
what I may think the best to be done with the
money; but I do know that I wish the American
system defeated.    I know it has been said often
that this Administration have done nothing that
the South had expected from it; that the Presi-
dent was, and is, an internal improvement man,
a tariff man, and a bank man.    I care but little
for charges, and  not much  more for abstract I
opinions; but I have great reliance upon actions,
especially if long persevered in, and under diffi-
culties.    Sir, the present Chief Magistrate is the '
first President, from the foundation of the Gov- |
ernment, who has ventured to advise or hint the
least abatement of'this protective system, as far
as my recollection extends. While he is advising,
message after message, that it should be reduced,
1 find the internal improvement system suddenly
arrested, the tariff brought to a stand, and after-
wards reduced, and a recharter of the Bank of
the United States refused.    What did the South
desire of him more than to put down the bank,
the internal improvement system, and protecting
duty system, commonly called tariff, in short, the
American system?
But it has been said, sir, though checked or
put down during this Administration, it has not
contributed to do it; that the President, and a
majority in Congress, are in favor of them all.
Heaven protect me from being a favorite, if this
is the fate of favorites. But I will go into no
argument in answer to this charge, further than
merely to refer to a declaration made by the
father of the system himself. Alluding to the
President of the United States, and the Governor
of Pennsylvania, during the panic session, he
said: " Internal improvement dead at his feet,
' (the President's;) Bank of the United States
' prostrate under his conquering hand; tariff just,
' not annihilated; and this is the man that Penn-
* sylvania delights to honor."
Now, sir, who ought to know, who does know
better than that gentleman who has inflicted this
cruelty to his own offspring? Sir, it is, for the
most part, the first love that sticks. His heart
was early fixed on this system, and that attach-
ment can only be extinguished with life. I grant
it ardent—I am sure it is sincere; and I think it
folly to expect it to give way now. Would at-
tachment thus indelible, judgment so profound,
acumen so penetrating, research so unwearied, as
will be accorded by all to the father of the Amer-
ican system, likely mistake the friends for the
foes of the apple of his eye? I think not. I
cannot but believe that he knew the President
had been chiefly instrumental in putting down
this system—a system which is hideous to the
eyes and hateful to the feelings of many of the
South, who, with myself, have suffered long and
painfully under it. I cannot but recognize this
bill as a renewal of the system—a scheme to get
a hold on the States, to induce them to commence
internal improvements on their own account,
looking to Congress for the money. Suppose
them, then, half finished; what would be the
natural consequence? Would not the States be
tempted to submit to a high tariff to finish them ?
r
It is in vain to say that States cannot be tempted.
" Lead us not into temptation" will apply as well
to States as to men. How many men of the i
boldest spirits have been thus tempted by the
miser, brought into his snares, and thus become
his slaves? Sir, is not this the evident effect, if
not the object of the bill under consideration ?
I am willing to have the advice of an intelligent
committee, for I am in doubt what is the best
thing to be done with this money. I understand
that this House is divided into two parties on the
object of this bill. One in favor of high duties
or taxes—protecting duties—the American sys-
tem—and the other against it. I do not wish the
bill to go into the hands of the friends of this
system. I wish it to go into the hands of those
who were, and are, and will be opposed to the
renewal of it. Is there such a committee in this
House? If there be, I wish it referred to that
committee. Sir, I am not very well acquainted
with the rules, and orders, and committees, and
arties of this House. I know much better where
do not wish the bill to go, than where I do
want it to go. If there be a committee who
thought that the whole supposed sixty millions
of surplus ought to have remained in the United
States Bank, with a capital of not much more
than half that amount, while the amount of sur-
plus is constantly accumulating—who thought
the Bank of the United States had a mortgage on
our surplus fund as long as the bank continued,
or ás long as they were good, in consideration
of $1,500,000, to be paid by installments, I .do
not wish it to go to that committee.
By the way, Mr. Speaker, what a strange con-
tract this must have been!   If we applied while
the charter remained, and they were good for the
njoney, we could npt get it.   If when they were
good for nothing, whether the charter had ex-
pired or not, we could not get it.  Though pushed
for money to such a degree as to be obliged to
execute such a mortgage as this, still we have
had from the execution of the mortgage more
than the sum obtained, or rather promised, de-
i posited without interest with them.    They pro-
i posed that Congress should grant them exclusive
I privileges, and offered to pay for them.   After
i chaffering, it was agreed that for so much money
to be paid by installment, and for service to be
' rendered by them to the United States, to wit:
i that they would hold their revenues in their banks
I and pay the money out when it was required, the
| charter was granted; and to enable the bank to
- piy according to their contract, the Secretary of
the Treasury was directed to pay the revenues
into their banks, in order that they might be able
to execute this part of their contract.   If the
Secretary at any time thought proper to place it
elsewhere, he was authorized to do so, as he had
always been before.    Of course, if the money
was not paid into the bank, they had no risk of
holding or trouble in paying out.  They whipped
this around into a mortgage on our surplus funds,
and if "onmq to r"« r.n attempt was made to dra-
goon a gallant nation   into submission to this
monstrous pretension.  And, sir, what is the sur-
plus  revenue?    It must   be the balance in  the
Treasury after an economical administration of
the Government.   If a man buy or obtain a mort-
gage on an interest in an estate, he has the right
to superintend the executor, and see that he run
into no unnecessary expenses.    If the bank had
such a mortgage as the one supposed, she had a
right  to superintend  all our disbursements of
money and keep us within economical bounds.
God grant that anything could keep us within
the bounds of economy.
But had we the right to reduce the tariff, and
thus the surplus, to which, by this view of the
subject, the bank was entitled by purchase or
mortgage, while they had this lien on us ? Had
I ever believed that such a bargain had been con-
stitutionally made, I would have held the nation
bound to carry it into effect. But I never believed
it. If there be any committee who thought so,
or, thinking so, thought it ought to be renewed
and recharted, I do not wish this bill to go to
that committee. I view them all, bank, internal
improvement by the Federal Government, and
tariff, to be the American system. You make no
internal improvement without money; and you
cannot get money without sonic place to go to for
it. True, the tariff brings it, but you must have
a place to put it. The Government dues you can
pay away; but you must hoard up when you
go for the great improvements, or go in debt.
Whether there be any necessary connection or
not, there is great intimacy among the friends
of each. There are some who are against the
Bank of. the United States, but would ransack
heaven and earth for arguments, if they could
find them, to prove that we cannot live without
it; that the public money is safe nowhere else.
Sir, if there be a committee, who a short time
since told us, in substance, that but for the mercy
of the French, and the good behavior of a certain
other honorable body not far off, we should have
been utterly destroyed, our whole Atlantic coast
set on flames, and who now, fearing that this
surplus, or a part of it, should be spent in forti-
fying the country, now tell us that we have
whipped the British, who had been too strong for
the world—who say we are double as strong in
numbers, and four-fold in money and fortifica-
tions, and what do we want with fortifications?
I do not wish this bill to go that committee.
While all was tranquillity at home, and peace
abroad, high prices for every article, the fruit of
industry bore a fair price, and health and pros-
perity prevailed through the land, still there were
many who were not happy—who foretold evil to
come, and even at hand. Now that we have war,
the cry is the same. While we had no money,
but were in debt, the cry was the same; and now
we have money beforehand, the cry is still the
same; and at last this direful evil of having more
money than we know what to do with has come
upon us. I would compare these evil prophets to
the Rain Crow. His mate happens to be on her
nest, setting for weeks to bring her young into
life, in the most rainy season of the year. Lonely
and dissatisfied, he keeps an unwearied com-
plaint, while his mate sits silent and patient in
her nest. Rain comes plentifully during this sea-
son, and he is denominated the Rain Crow, with-
out his knowing or caring anything about the
rain. So these prophets who prophesy evil, and
only evil, must at last prove true prophets. It is
certain, I suppose, that some of them at least
know the time and the means of raising this
money, but expected it to be laid out long before
collected, in internal improvements. So that as
to the evil of having accumulated this vast sum,
they were as ignorant, and perhaps more igno-
rant, than those who are opposed to the internal
improvement by the Federal Government. The
evil, however, has come upon us; and I acknowl-
edge it to be great, the remedy difficult, and suc-
cess doubtful. I am anxious to hear the advice
of some appropriate committee.
There is a remedy which I have not ventured
even seriously to think of putting to practice,
much less to hint to you before. But, sir, sup-
pose that committee, in their wisdom and patriot-
ism, in order to put a check or a stop to the
dreadful and growing evil, should suggest to this
House the propriety of reducing the taxes to the
wants of the Government, what would you think
of it? Who would, or could, or ought to com-
plain of it? Would it be a class of people loud
in complaints and brilliant in imagination, to
magnify the evil of the surplus, and prompt to
foretell the utter ruin of us all, should this sur-
plus continue to accumulate?—-who would tell
you that the evil might be thus remedied and the
balance of the nation saved, but their manufac-
tures destroyed?
The balance of the nation would be saved, but
they would have to give something more forland,
if they wished to purchase, should the sale of the
public lands be stopped.
Mr. Speaker, though this seems to be a remedy
so natural, simple, and certain, I am afraid almost
even to hint or to hope that any commitee will
so report, lest I should be told of breach of com-
promise, breach of faith. Sir, I do not wish to
render myself liable to such a charge by any
suggestion. But if any class have such a hold
on our faith are they Shylocks ? Will they insist
on the pound of flesh ? Will they do worse? Will
they destroy themselves and us, to have their
contract literally executed? I can hardly think
there is such a one in existence; but if there be,
let faith be kept, though we all perish.
