462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Anthony.
Ho. of Reps.
compromise will save them? Let me tell those
fi-entfemen that they will find it but a rope of
sand, broken by the first blow of self-interest,
and that blow given as soon as she will dare to
do it. In this manner taxes will be raised from
the people by the Congress of the United States,
to be expended under the direction of the State
Legislatures, which those Legislatures would,
unSer no circumstances, dare  to   raise them-
Having said thus much, Mr. Speaker, as to
the operation of this bill upon the Union gener-
ally, permit me to make a few remarks upon the
effect it will produce upon my own State, and
the sea-board and commercial States.
Maine, a part of which I have the honor to rep-
resent, is from necessity tin extensive commer-
cial State. The coldness of her climate, the great
abundance of her ship-timber, and the sterility
of her soil upon her sea-coast, compel her to be
so, and well has she fulfilled her destiny. Though
among the smaller States of this Union, she has
for many years been the third State in the Union I
as an owner of tonnage. Her canvas whitens
every sea, her ships are borne onward by every
breeze. We are, moreover, from our local situa-
tion, more exposed in our persons and property
to the contingencies of war than any of the other
States of the Union. We are united to the rest
of the Union but by a line of one hundred and
thirty miles in extent, while we have a frontier
on the British provinces of Lower Canada and
New Brunswick, and on the ocean, of more than
a thousand miles. As a member of the Union,
thus remotely situated,and dangerously exposed,
and thinly populated, but with more good har-
bors than in any State of the Union, I might
almost say than in the whole Union besides, it
might naturally have been expected that she
would have been most especially the subject of
the protection and regard of the General Govern-
ment. How has it been? Let any member on
this floor pass along our sea-board and our fron-
tier, and his cheeks would mantle with shame at
her neglected and exposed situation. There is
not a city, a town, or a village upon any part of
her coast or rivers, but might be laid in ashes by
the very smallest vessel of war that floats on the
ocean. She seems to have been accepted as a
member of the Union but to be insulted, abused,
and neglected. Does a foreign enemy take pos-
session of a part of the State, you quietly permit
them to remain there till the war is over. Do you
want to make a peace with a foreign power with
whom you are at war, you quietly cede to her a
portion of our territory, under pretense that the
line is in dispute, when tbat same power, during
the same negotiations, had demanded a cession of
that very territory, thus acknowledging our title
as we claimed it, and indeed as they had marked
it upon every map of their adjacent provinces they
had ever made. Our commerce is trammeled by
an odious and oppressive tariff, and our whole
sea-coast, the most extensive, I believe, of any
State in the Union, is left without protection or
defense. Truly may I say, sir, we seem to have
been received into the Union only to be derided
and oppressed.
And what is to be our situation under the new
state of things to commence with the passage of
this bill ? One evil, as I think I have fully demon-
strated , is an eventual increase of the tariff, which
will lay the ax at the root of the tree of our pros-
perity. Our Navy, too, to which We might have
looked for some protection in timé of war, will
no longer be increased. Our fortifications are to
be stopped, or rather, as far as regards my own
State, not commenced. At the very moment when,
for the first time, we had engaged the attention of
Congress, and when a bill providing for our de-
fense had already passed the Senate, then comes
this biting, chilling frost, and freezes up our
hopes. But a few days since I was flattering
myself with being able to return to the city of
my home, and say to my fellow-citizens, you are
no longer overlooked or neglected by the General
Government, a bill has passed for your defense
and protection; but, sir, I no longer cherish such
delusive hopes. No one who was present when
the news came to this House that this bill had
passed another body in the other end of this
Capitol, (the Senate,) and witnessed the effect
produced upoq members  here, can doubt the
result.
Sir, it is well known that there is a settled
determination on the part of a great majority of
the members west of the Alleghany mountains
to grant no more money for the defense of the
Atlantic frontier, either by the Navy or by forti-
fications. Settled in the fertile valleys of the Ohio
and Mississippi, with every blessing about them
which Heaven can bestow, they apparently care
but little for the safety and protection of their
brethren upon the rocky and sterile sea-board,
knowing full well that the war cry of the enemy
can never reach their ears until the whole country
east of the mountains shall have been covered
and fertilized by the blood and bodies of their
countrymen. And this is to be done for the sake
of sharing among the States the money which
ought to have been applied to far more noble and
generous purposes. How far this is the spirit of
patriotism let the people judge. I hope I shall
prove to have been mistaken in my expectations.
Experience alone can teach me that I am.
I confess that I have been astonished, utterly
astonished, that any one can be the advocate for,
or vote this bill. I impeach the motives of none
who differ from me in this matter. Their reasons
for the course they take are good ones, probably,
but I cannot imagine them. In Maine, at least,
we have nothing to gain, but everything to lose;
our commerce probably to be eventually destroyed
by an increasing tariff; our whole coast and
frontier left without defense; the Navy of our
country, which might have protected our ships
at sea, to be neglected and suffered to decay, and
this, too, when we know it to be inferior to that
of any third-rate Power in Europe, Sir, it can-
not be forgotten, it was during this very session,
but a few months since, when a war was feared
with France, that it was declared, over and over
again, and contradicted by no one, that our Navy
was wholly unprepared to cope with that of
Prance; and now national honor, national safety,
the very first duties and obligations of this Gov-
ernment, the protection and defense of its citi-
zens, are to give way, to be sacrificed to the base,
groveling love of money, and are to remain so
sacrificed, until this ruinous, corrupting, and
degrading system shall be abandoned. I hope,
and T but hope, that that may be soon the case;
and if it ever be so, God grant that it may be so
forever.
..Mr. Speaker, I thank the House for the atten-
tion with which it has listened to me. I am well
aware that I have probably not affected a single
vote, but I have justified myself, I trust, to this
House, and to my constituents. At any rate, I
have a higher gratification than either can be to
me. I have the consciousness that Lam acting
right; nor do I believe that there will be any act
of my political life, which, in after times, I shall
reflect on with more pleasure than upon the vote
I am now about to give.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. B. ANTHONY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In. the House $k Representatives,
June, 1836,
On his motion to substitute his proposition in lieu of the
thirteenth section of the bill from the Senate " to regu-
late toe deposits of the public money."
Mr. ANTHONY said:
Mr. Chairman: The proposition which I have
the honor to offer to the consideration of the com-
mittee, as a substitute for the thirteenth section of
the Senate bill now before us, ¡s one which I sin-
cerely hope wül meet with general approbation.
This section provides for the deposit of the sur-
plus revenue of the country among the several
States of the Union, and embraces a question of
vital importance to the people—a question in
which every member of this House has a deep
and abiding interest. We should, therefore, care-
fully deliberate on the best means to effect the
object we have in view; and it should be our
earnest endeavor, as far as possible, to harmonize
and unite conflicting opinions, to obviate, as far
as practicable,prejudices from every quarter, and
without compromiting any principle, to modify
and amend the bill in such manner that it may
become the law of the land.
Mr. A. then proceeded to remark that he con-
sidered the ratio of distribution adopted by the
Senate contrary to the fundamental principles of
our Government, whereby taxation and repre-
sentation went hand in hand; and he therefore
believed that representation and distribution
should be in the same ratio. He had accordingly
stricken out the " Senate" from his amendment
being satisfied that the relative proportion in the
House of Representatives would approximate
nearer to justice than any other mode of distribu-
tion which could be adopted, unless we resorted
to a new enumeration. He was, however, willing
to admit that as some of the small States had
large fractions, and others had rapidly increased,
and perhaps doubled their population, since the
last census, they would have some reason to
complain that they did not receive a fair and
equal proportion, by allowing them only their
representative share.
He proceeded to discuss this question at some
length, but, at the suggestion of many of his
friends, who were fearful that an adherence to
this change would defeat the amendment in toto,
he afterwards restored the "Senate," so as to
make it correspond in that respect with the bill
as it came to the House, remarking that if any
other member should thereafter renew the motion
to strike out the " Senate," it would receive his
cordial support.
Mr. A. then said the bill before the committee
provides that the surplus money in the Treasury
on the 1st of January, 1837, snail be deposited
with the several States in the nature of a loan, for
which certificates are to be given by the States,
subject to transfir and sale by the Secretary of
the Treasury, " whenever it shall be necessary to
meet appropriations made by Congress."
The substitute differs from the original section
in this, that it authorizes a deposit of the money
with the respective States, " to be safely kept by
them, and the faith of the States is pledged to re-
pay the same when required by the Secretary of
the Treasury, to defray the wants of the public
Treasury." The committee will perceive that
instead of a loan to the States, with authority to
the United States to sell and assign the security,
and thus transfer the debt to private individuals
or corporate bodies, agreeably to the teTms of the
original section, the substitute merely deposits the
money for safe-keeping, to be used by the States
receiving it, till required for the necessities of the
General Government for national purposes. It
avoids the necessity of resorting to a sale of State
certificates to stock-jobbers and speculators, as it
fairly distributes the surplus throughout every
member of our Confederacy, taking their several
pledges for the repayment, when called for in
moderate installments.
Another difference in the two propositions is,
that by the Senate bill, after a sale and assign-
ment of those certificates, " they shall be subject
to and shall bear an interest of five per cent, per
annum;" but in the amendment they are to bear
no interest whatever. This part of the amend-
ment, I trust, will be acceptable to the commit-
tee, as it makes the States liable to the National
Government alone for the payment of the prin-
cipal sum deposited,and not subject, in any event,
to pay interest.
The next point of difference is, that by the
, original section the " certificates are redeemable
at the pleasure of the States issuing the same,"
whereas in the substitute the States are pledged
to pay after notice is given by the Treasury De-
partment that the money is required to meet
appropriations. Should the necessities of the
Treasury demand a portion of the distributed
1 surplus to be restored to its vaults, if the States
could redeem at pleasure, the only mode of replen-
>  ishing the Treasury from this source would be
1 by a sale of those certificates of deposit; hence
arose the necessity, if that plan were adopted, to
make them assignable, and to bear an interest of
five per cent, per annum, after assignment; but
as they, by the proposed amendment, are to be
without interest, and are not transferable, it neces-
sarily follows that whenever the money is needed
>  to meet appropriations for which there are not
