464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Maryland Resolutions—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. of Reps.
nary demands of the Government, subject to the action of
Confess during the present session: And whereas it is
presumed that the wisdom of Congress will not suffer that
fund to accumulate in the Treasury without devising means
by which it can be u=etully employed for the beneht oi the
people of this Union: And whereas some of our sister
States deny to Concress the constitutional power of malting
internal mipro\e;nents in the seveial States, while all
seem to admit the power and propriety of distubutvag the
proceeds arising, or which may have arisen, from the sale
of the public lands, amongst the several States, subject to
the control of their respective Legislatures: And whereas
the proportion to which Pennsylvania would be entitled,
should such distribution be made, would enable her to com-
plete her public « orks, and establish a fund for the support
of common schools, which would preclude the necessity
of taxation for either purpose: And whereas it is the policy
of our Government to guard against the increase of Execu-
tive patronage, and especially against the accumulation of
large sums of money in the Treasury unappropriated: And
whereas a very large proportion of surplus revenue arises
from the sales of the public lands, the joint property of all
the States, which is regarded as a source of revenue which
ought to be applied in the promotion of education, by
establishing a system of common schools—to the purposes
of internal improvement—or such other purposes as will
best promote the interests of the States respectively:
Therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania tn General .Assembly
nut, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives be recommended, to use their influence to
procure the passage of a law to distribute the proceeds
arising, or which may have arisen, from the sale of the
public lands, amongst the several States, in proportion to
the number of members from each State in the House of
Representatives of the United States."
Not content, however, with these instructions
and recommendations in relation to the public
lands, the same Legislature, only a few days since,
at an extra session, again directed our attention I
to the distribution of the surplus revenue.            ¡
On the 16th June, 1836, resolutions were passed  I
from which I select those which have a particular
reference to the subject before the committee, j
They are as follows:                                               I
"Resolved, That this General Assembly consider the
proposition lately made m the Congress of the United States i
to invest the surplus revenue of the nation in stocks issued
by the States, as a measure fraught with danger, calculated
to give the Federal Government a power which, if wielded
by corrupt hands, would be mimical to the liberties of the
country in an eminent degree, and under all circumstances
injurious. It maybe properly characterized as one of those
measures, ' m fiscal systems apd arrangements, which
keeps a host of [commercial and] wealthy individuals em-
bodied and obedient to the mandates of the Treasury;' and
it would give to the Federal Government a decided influence
in the councils of such States as might be thought expedient
to win to its purposes. It would loster and encourage a
system of gambling and speculation in stocks, giving to the
agents of the Government the opportunity of employing the
public money to promote private interests, to reward cor-
rupt favorites, and to acquire an interest among the com-
munity, leading to servile devotion to those clothed with
the power of the General Government.
" Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives requested, to vote against any bill
for investing the surplus revenue of the United Sftates in
stocks issued or authorized by the respective States, be-
lieving that the most safe, just, and federal disposition
which could be made of the surplus revenue would be its
apportionment among the several States."
Thus, Mr. Chairman, for a period of six years,
whenever the subject has been agitated in Penn-
sylvania, we-perceive a powerful, may I not say
an overwhelming expression of public sentiment
in favor of distribution, whether of the proceeds
of the public lands or other sources of revenue.
This public sentiment, sanctioned and reiterated
by so many Legislatures, it is my rJride apd
pleasure to carry into effect, as far as my humble
efforts will admit, and I do earnestly hope that
the friends of the measure will unite with me,
and go for the proposed amendment. Unanimity
is of the first importance in the present crisis.
By adopting the proposition I have submitted,
we may prevent opposition to the bill from o«y
quarter, and this desirable object can only be
attained by mutual concession and forbearance.
The principles of distribution aré not essentially
changed, and the only import and alterations are,
that it makes the States depositories of the public
money,instead of receivers on loan; that the cer-
tificates are not assignable, and bear no interest,
instead of being subject to salé and transfer, and
to the payment of interest after assignment; and
that the money is to be restored to the national
Treasury when required by tho Government,
instead of being redeemable at the pleasure of
the respective States.
In a measure so deeply interesting to the coun-
try we should not differ on minor points, if the
principal objeet can be obtained.   The fiituation i
of the nation is peculiarly embarrassing, because
we have an overflowing Treasury, and the diffi-
culty arises how to dispose of the money. Let
us deposit it with the States in such manner that
each may enjoy a share of its benefits—that each
may be enabled to advance in prosperity and
improvement with the other members of the
Confederacy—"grow with their growth, and
strengthen with their strength."
These are the reasons by which I have been
actuated in offering my amendment.
If a majority of the committee shall determine
to reject the substitute, as a friend of the bill I
will still cling to its support, though I am fearful
it will not become a law; but if the amendment
be adopted, I feel confident that it will promote
union and harmpny in every quarter, and that
tha best, the fondest hopes of the friends of dis-
tribution will be realized. With these remarks,
I submit my proposition to the consideration of
the committee, and will cheerfully abide the
result.
THE MARYLAND RESOLUTIONS.
REMARKS OF HON. F. THOMAS,
OP MARYLAND,
^In the House op Representatives,
June 6,1836.
The Maryland resolutions came up for consideration in
the House of Representatives, when
Mr. THOMAS rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: Before this subject is disposed
of, I desire to say a few words. In the National
Intelligencer of Saturday, the remarks of my col-
league, [Mr. Jenifer,] made some time since in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, are published. They form a part of the
proceedings of Congress, and will constitute a
portion of the debates of this House, to be pub-
lished possibly hereafter in permanent form.
The article in the Intelligencer is therefore essen-
tially different from an ordinary newspaper pub-
lication. This being the case, I can with pro-
priety advert to it, without subjecting myself to
the just censure of those who rightly complain
of the time which is consumed here in unprofit-
able discussions of irrelevant matters. If the
publication fn question did not form, as it does,
a part of our proceedings, however it might con-
cern me personally, it would not be noticed on
this floor. As it is, the House will pardon a few
remarks.
It will be remembered that the gentleman, [Mr.
Jenifer,] late at night, on the 24th of May, when
the fortification bill was under discussion, and
when the House was very impatient to dispose
of that measure, rose to address the Chair, and
requested me particularly to attend to what he
had to say concerning " the State of Maryland,
himself, and myself." Thus invited, I could not,
reluctant as I was tó perform a part in the scene,
refuse to take a seat where I could hear what
was to be said. After I discovered that it was
the purpose of the gentleman to comment on the
language used by me when he had presented the
resolutions from Maryland concerning the power
óf either House of Congress to expunge entries
from its Journal, I felt a strong desire to induce
him to postpone what he had to say on that sub-
ject until the resolutions themselves came up for
consideration. With that view (seeing that the
gentleman had so far extended his remarks, that
I could not, and would not then, interrupt the
business of the House long enough to reply) I
asked him not to detain the committee, but to
publish what he had to say, and promised to
reply through the same medium, if any reply
should become necessary. To this request he
responded by declaring that he was responsible
for what he said, or for what he might print.
This induced me to ask whether I was to con-
sider anything which had been said to be of a
personal charactpr. And he leplied, "No, air;
not at all." Now, sir, this disclaimer is omitted'
in the published speech, while se\eial phases of
a questionable character are retained, especially
that just named. This imposes on me the neces-
sity to ask the attention of the gentleman to one
or two sentences m this publication that are cal-
culated to do both of us iri|ustice. They are
somewhat equivocal, and ought not to be so. It
is due to him that there should be no doubt as to
his intentions; and it is due to me that nothing
of this character should be left to conjectuie.
In the publication in the Intelligencer, the gen-
tleman is reported to have said, although my col-
league says " he did not object to the reception
' of the resolutions on account of their contents, I
' will undertake to show, from irresistible mfer-
1 enees, that it was the contents alone to which
' he did object." And again, he is reported to
have said, "and yet my colleague, from the upper
'district in Maryland, would have you believe
' that it was not the contents of those resolutions
' to which he objected."
That there may be no misapprehension as to
the meaning to be attached to the words here
quoted, 1 ask the gentleman to say, whether it
has been, or is, his purpose to question or bring
in question my veracity?
Mr. JENIFER rose, and after referring to other
portions of the former debate, concluded by de-
claring that he had no intention to impeach the
veracity of Mr. Thomas.
Mr. THOMAS said he was satisfied. He had
a right to expect such a reply, and was glad that
it had been given, as it was equally due to his
colleague and to himself. He was done with it.
These personalities were tc> him very annoying
in one particular. It is generally believed that
all who are concerned in them delight in and seek
that miserable ephemeral notoriety—not fame—
which they are calculated to secure; and, for one,
he did not desire for a moment to possess that
reputation with any intelligent being.
Mr. T. said, that having disposed of that which
concerned him as a man, he would notice those
parts of this published speech that concerned him
as a Representative. He would not reply to that
part of his colleague's remarks which related to
the two gentlemen from the city of New York,
except to say that there is a strange incongruity in
some of its sentences. Theg;entleman [Mr. Jen-
ifer] has declaimed warmly against our " profli-
gate expendrtures," and says "many of the
' appropriations have been unprecedented, extrav-
' agant in the highest degree, and uncalled for by
' any system of economical expenditure." " It
•is the policy and determination to squander it
' [the public money] away upon useless objects,
'sooner than there shall be a surplus to be re-
' turned to the people by an equitable distribution
'among the States." This is certainly strong
language—these are bold charges; but the force
and effect of the one and the other must be en-
tirely destroyed when a preceding sentence in the
same speech is adverted to. There the gentle-
man has declared, " for myself, I have opposed
' no obstacle to the appropriation bills proper,
' more particularly that for the defense of the
* country externally, and that for the suppression
' of hostilities within our borders or upon the
' frontier."
It so happens that we have passed no bills
making appropriations, which could, with any
plausibility, be denounced as extravagant, and
calculated to increase the patronage of this Gov-
ernment, or diminish greatly and improperly the
surplus revenue, but those to the passage of
which the gentleman says he has "opposed
no obstacle." And assuredly complaints about
" profligate expenditures" come with an ill grace
from any one who cannot show, at the time they
are uttered, that he has, at, least by his votes,
endeavored to enforce a " system of economical
expenditure." If he has not voted against either
the Navy bill, the civil list bill, the fortification
bill, or any one of the bills intended to provide
for the defense of our frontiers, and the suppress
sion of Indian hostilities, he must share, with
the rest of us, the responsibilities attached to -the
passage of them all—a responsibility which I
think cannot be considered very onerous.
After having disposed of these grave matters,
the gentleman has proceeded to settle an account
with me, which, we are told, concerns also him-
self, myself, and the State of Maryland. Well,
I could be content to pass over this settlement,
without correcting its errors, for it is intended, I
