468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
of more than twenty hours, I will not stop to
discuss the íepul fieanism of that aiticle in the
constitution of Aikinsas which dooms a large
poiiion of her pre vent and future population to
unconditional and mteiminable slaveiy I will
only siy, =n , that mv notions of lepubhcan lib-
er y aie" widely difieient from the punciples of
that article
DEPOSIT BILL..
SPEECH OF HON. N. P   TALLMADGE,
OF NEW YORK,
In Senate, June 17, 1836,
On the bill to Regulate the Deposits of the Public
Money.
Mr Tx^LLMADGE said:
Mr   President: It is  no affectation in  me,
when I sav it w as not my intention to trouble the
Senate with a single word on this all-important
subject.    After various propositions had been
submitted by different gentlemen, and partially
discussed, the whole matter was committed, by
the order of the Senate, to a select committee of
nine, composed of some of the ablest and most
distinguished membeis of this body, with my
honorable colleague [Mr. Wright] as chairman.
This co nmittee, with much labor  and ability,
digested a bill, which embraced the pioposmon
submitted to them, and presented it to the Senate
in a form which, they supposed, would meet its
approbation.  Much interesting debate took place
upon its different provisions.  With the exception
of an amendment, which I offered to the bill, and
which I shall advert to in the course of my re-
maiks, I contented myself with being a silent
hstener to the views of others, rather than to
occupy the time of the Senate with any views of
mv own     1 was content to rest the correctness
of my course upon the vote which I intended to
give, and did give, in favor of the engrossment
of the bill.    That vote was given after the ma-
turest reflection and most anxious dchbeiation.
My  honorable  colleague, and  other Senators,
rested their votes upon reasons which were by
them fully assigned, whilst I was willing to rest
mine upon what appeared to me to be the intrin-
sic merits of the bill, without regard to the reasons
of my own mind, which led to the result of my
action.    Such was the state of the case when the
question was yesterday taken  on ordering the
bill to be engrossed, which was carried in the
affirmative by the extraordinary and almost unan-
imous vote of forty to six.    In this stage of a
bill, discussion is ordinarily closed.    When we
adjourned last evening, I supposed it had closed
in this case, but on the bill being called up this
morning for a third reading, my honorable col-
league—as it was perfectly proper for him to do,
although out of the usual course—renewed the
debate on its merits, and entered upon a justifica-
tion of his vote oí yesterday against the engross-
ment of the bill.    As he and myself differed in
our votes on that occasion, and as he has to-day
assigned additional reasons for his course, I feel
myself called upon, not without great reluctance,
to assign some for my own—a reluctance, in the
first place, in feeling constrained to differ fiom
him on any subject; and, m the next place, in
feeling obliged to break the silence which I usually
maintain on this floor, from a deep conviction
that, except on special occasions, it is better to
be a listener than a talker here.
On many of the important subjects which have
been before the Senate, and in the discussion of
which I have not participated, my views have
been so fully and ably expressed by my honor-
able colleague, in giving utterance to his own,
that I have contented myself with a silent vote.
I have sometimes yielded my own to his better
judgment. If, in this silence, I have done any
injustice to myself, I hope I have done no injus-
tice to my constituents. Differing on this sub-
ject, as we now do, I trust the Senate will indulge
me, although at this late hour, in making such
remarks as seem to be called for by the peculiar-
ity of my position and the importance of the
occasion. Those remarks may be crude and
undigested, and I must, for that cause, claim its
Deposit Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
indulgence, for, although I have bestowed much
reflection on this subject, in order to satisfy
my own mind for the vote I was to give, still I
came here to-day entirely unprepared, and with-
out the remotest expectation of being called on
by any state of things to assign my reasons for
tint vote.
Mi. Piesident,my honorable colleague has m-
trmvtt d th it he shall soon letuin to his constitu-
ents, by reason of the expiration of his piesent
term, and if, in the vote he has given, they shall
deem themselves aggneved, thoy will have the
opportunity to redi ess those grievances by filling
his place with a better man. Sir, my fnend is
well advised of the tiue cuaractcr of his and of
my constituents. The purity of motive by which
he is always governed, the honesty of purpose
by which he is always actuated, is a sure guaran-
tee of their approbation, whethei, in their judg-
ment, he has committed an error on this or any
other occasion. I do not say that he has com-
mitted one; the error may be on my side; but
whether it be on the one side or the other, I feel
that we may both look with perfect confidence to |
their indulgence, when we are left without their
instructions, to act accoiding to the best lights
before us.
Sir, this is a bill to regulate the deposits of the
public money. After the creation of the late Bank
of the United States the public money was de-
posited in its vaults.    In the fall of 1833, in anti-
cipation of the expiration of its charter, and from
the deep conviction that it would not be renewed,
it became necessary to provide for the safe-keep-
ing of the public money, by finding other places
of deposit.    The Secretary of the Treasury, act-
ins: in accordance with the views of the President,
removed the deposits from the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, and placed them in several of the State
banks.    Of the propriety, as well as the constitu-
tionality of this measuie,I have heretofoie given
my views at laige.   This is not the proper timo,
nor the occasion, for renewing the discussion of
that all absorbing and agitating question.  It has
become matter of history, and anything >ve could
now say would not probably alter the opinions of
any one in regard to that measure, whether it was
for good, or whether it was for evil.   I have seen
nothing since it took place to alter my thoiough
conviction of its expediency at the time, neither
do I believe I shall see anything hereafter to
change the opinions I then entertained, provided
our measures in future in relation to the public
I money are  characterized by that prudence and
1 wisdom which have so signally characterized the
other leading measures of this Administration.
The removal of the public deposits from the Bank
of the United States was made the occasion, with-
out cause, in my judgment, to impair the public
confidence, and to convulse the whole monetary
system of the country.  Much of unjust reproach
was cast upon the President for having seized, as
it was termed, upon the whole public treasure of
the Government, taken it under his own control,
and placed it in the vaults of irresponsible State
incorporations, and without the reach and custody
! of the law.  Although the President, by using the
State banks for this purpose, had done no more
1 than preceding Administrations had done previous
to the creation of the Bank of the United States,
still no one was more anxwus than the President
|  himself to have those deposits in the State banks
not only regulated by, but, in the strictest sense,
I in the custody of the law.   He has evinced his
strong anxiety on this subject by repeated and
earnest recommendations to Congress.  The sub-
ject has been before both Houses for three success-
ive sessions, and thus far, without being able to
agree upon any propositions which were satisfac-
tory to both.  The effort thus to regulate the pub-
j he deposits bylaw has again been íenewed at the
present session, and the bill under consideration
, is the result of that effort.   This bill contains the
principal provisions of the bill which has been
i introduced foi the two last sessions, and which
( was prepared under thesupeivision and with the
sanction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and, as
it is presumed, with the approbation of the Presi-
dent.   A t the present session every member seems
to have responded in good faith by his desire to
carry out the earnest recommendation of the Prest-
Senate.
dent on this all engrossing topic. Ev cry one seems
to have felt the importance of quieting the public
mind on this subject, and of restonng public con-
fidence in our monetary system, by such legal
regulations of the deposit banks as should not
only rendei them safe depositories, but should
give to the whole community entne confidence in
their safety That the deposit banks are pel fectly
safe for the amount of the public money which
they possess I havenotapai tide of doubt. That
those in my own State are so, I could vouch for,
from my own personal knowledge of their con-
cerns. But it is one thing to be safe, and another
thing to have the confidence of the whole country
in that safety The piesent bill is intended to
accomplish both those objects. This lstheprin-
cipal feature of the bill. This is what the Presi
dent has often íecomniended us to do. This is
what we have often expressed oui own desire to
do. This is what the whole commercial com-
munity expect us to do, and this, too, let me add
is what the great and pai amount interests of the
whole country require at our hands Shall that
recommendation be disregarded' Shall that desire
be stifled' Shall that expectation be disappoint-
ed ' Shall that requirement be denied > 1 answer
no; emphatically, no. Shall we, by rejectmgthis
bill, belie all our foimei professions' Are we
willing to subject ourselves to the imputation of
defeating a measure which has been so loudly de-
manded by the public voice, and which has been
so imperiously required by the public interest,
and that, too, after it has been so often urged
upon us by the Administration which we sup-
port' Can we make the people of this country
believe in our sincerity, when we fail to carry
through a measure, recommended to us by every
consideration of duty a^id of policy, as well asby
the President himself; and when, too, it is known>
I put it to my political friends, that, as a party,
we claim a majority in each House, and, on this
subject, have no obstacles thrown in our way by
our political opponents. Sir, it cannot—it must
not be. What answer can we make to the oft-
repeated charge, that the President and his sup-
porters wish to keep the control of the funds of
the nation in ordei to control the politics of the
people ' We all know, we all feel, that the charge
is unjust as it is base. Shall we, then, by any
act of ours, give countenance to it' Or shall we
repel it in the only way in which it can be re-
pelled, by prompt, decisive, and manly action on
this subject' I cannot hesitate as to my course.
Between the alternative of adopting or rejecting
this proposition, I feel that there is no choice left
to me. From the time the question first arose in
regard to the removal of the deposits from the
Bank of the United States, I have on all occa-
sions expiessed my leadiness to regulate them
by law, in the banks of the several States. I
cannot shunk from the performance of that duty.
If others can see their way clear in leaving this
i vast, this enormous amount of public money, in
a great variety of State banks, without legal reg-
ulation, let them take the responsibility of it. I
wash my hands clean of any such omission.
Sir, in what I have said, I have had reference
to the amount of public money now in the deposit
banks. I have not taken into the account the
swollen, the overflowing current which is con-
stantly pouring in upon us. Those banks are al-
ready full to distension, and can receive no more,
either with advantage to themselves or to the
Government. The gentle streams of expenditure
issuing from them, are like rills compared with
this mighty, dashing mountain torrent of revenue
rushing into them. What then, sir,shall we do 
What, I emphatically ask, does our duty require
us to do' Shall wc force into these reservoir 
more than they have capacity to contain, and
faster than they can permit it to escape' Shall
we, by a kind of hydraulic pressure, force them
till their embankments give way, and when we
see desolation spread around them by reason of
the breach, what consolation will it be to those
who may have suffered, to tell them that we were
deceived in the strength of their embankments,
and in their capacity to recen e and contain all that
was poured in upon them' It will not only be
no consolation to them, but no justification to us.
11 We shall be without excuse or apology. We have
