1330-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
¿4th Gong....1st Sess.
Deposit Bill—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
and that it would continue to a remote period,
b« v ond the current expenses of the Government.
The importante of internal improvements was
dul\ apprevia'ed, but, inasmuch as the appro-
priation of money for that purpose by Congiess
was ntoessauly unequal, and inasmuch as some
entertaintd doubts as to the constitutional power
of Congress thus to appropriate it, the President
very properly expressed the opinion " that the
' mi«i «ate, just, and fcdeial disposition which
'could be made of the surplus levenue, would
' be it* apportionment anions: tht several States,
•according- to their ratio ot representation; and
'should this measure not be found warranted by
' the Constitution, that it would be expedient to
' propose to the Slates an amendment authorizing
' it.*' The President seemed fully to appreciate
the expediency of the measure of apportionment
of the surplus revenue among the States, but
cautiously and properly reserv ed the constitutional
question Aftt r the delivery of this message,
public attention was turned to the subject. Coming
Irom so high a source it received due consideration,
and those who doubted its expediency suggested
their objections Here the miner rested till the
next session of Congress, when the President,
in his annual message of December, 1630, again
recurs to the subject. He adverts to the opinion
expressed in his previous message, that there
would be "aconsiderable surplus in the Treasury
beyond what may be required for its current ser-
vice," and adds," I have had no cause to change
that opinion, but much to confirm it." He again
repeats the recommendation of "'the adoption of
' some plan for the distribution of the surplus
' funds vi Inch may, at any time, remain in the
4 Treasury after the national debt shall have been
' paid, among the States, in proportion to the
* number of their Representatives, to be applied
' by them to objects of internal improvement."
The President then proceeds to answer the ob-
jections w hich have been made to the recommend-
ation contained in his former message and re-
peated in this. Those objections are the same
which have been urged ajainst this bill, and he
refutes them satisfactorily and triumphantly.
It is due to him that I should give his view s in
his own language.    They are as follows:
" I have heretoiorc felt it mi duiv to recommend the adop-
tion of some plan lor the distribution of the surplus iunds
which mav at anv time remain in the Treasury alter the
national debt shall have been paid, among the otates, in
proportion to tiie number of their Representanve«, to be ap-
plied bv them to objects ot internal improvement
■ although this plan has met with tavor in some portions
of the L mon, it has also elicited objections which merit de-
liberate consideration A brief notice of the-e objections
here will not, theretore,I trust, be regarded asoutot place
'•The) rest, as far as the  have come to mv knovvledie.
on the lollowmg grounds    1st. an objection to the ratio of
distr.bution , -3d, an apprehension that the exi-tence otsuch
a regu'ation would produce improvident and oppressive tax
anon to raise the tunds for distribution, 3d, that the mode
proposed would lead to the construction of works of a local
nature, to the  exclusion of such as are general, and as
would consequently be of a more useful character, and,
last, that it would create a discreditable and injurious de
pendence on the  part of the Stite governments upon the
Federal power     Of those who object to the ratio ot repre-
sentation as the basis of di-tnbution, some insist that the
importations of the re-peeti\e State* would constitute one
that would be more equinhle , and c*her- again, tint the
extent of their respectiv e territories would turni-h a stand
ard which would be more expcaicnt and sufficiently equi-
table     The ratio of representation presented itsell to my
mind, and it still does, i- one of obvious equity, beeiuse of
its bein  the ratio of contribution, whether the funds to be
di-tnbuted be derived from the customs or from direct tax-
ation    It does not follow, however that its adoption is in-
di pcn^able to the e-tabhshment ot the system proposed
There may be considerations app rtaimng to the subject
which would render a departure, to some extent, from the
rule of contribuuon proper    NOris it absolutely necessary
that the basis of distribution be confined to one ground    It
may, if, in the judgment of those whose right it is to fix it,
it be deemed politic and just to give it that character, have
retard to several                                                                .,   .
" In my first message, I stated It to be my opinion that
'it is not probable that any adjustment of the tariff, upon
principles satisfactorv to the people of the Lmon, will, until
a remote period, if ever, leave the Government without a
considerable surplus in the Treasury bevond what ma> be
required lor it  current service ' I have had no cause to
change that opinion, butinucli to confirm it Should these
exp< nations Ik rpali/'d, a-uifible fund would thus be pro
duc(d for the plan under eon-ideration to o pi rate uprn ;
and if there be no sue h fund, its adoption will, in my «.pin
ion, work no injur) to anv interest, for I cannot assent to
the juotnpss of the anprehcrision that the establishment of
the proposed svsrem would tci d to thp encourazement of
improv ident legislation of the character supposed What
ever the proper authority, in the exercise ot constitutional
power, shall, atany time hereafter, decide to be for the gen- |
eral good, will, in that as in other respect , deserve and
receive the acquiescence and support ot the whole coun
tr> , and we have ample secuiitv that ev  r\ abu e ot poivir
in that resrard. bv agents of the p-ople, will receive a spud)
and erteuiul corrective at then hands 'I he views w Inch
I tike ot the future, founded on the obvious and increasing
improv i mint ot nil clas-es of our fellow citi/cns in nitelli-
gmee and in public md private virtue, leave me without
ímuh apprehension on that head
•■ I do not doubt that those vv ho come after us \v ill be as
much alive as vvi are to the obligation upon all the trustees
ot political [lower to exempt those tor whom tlicv act from
nil unnecessary burdens, and as «en ibleof the greit truth,
that the resources ot the nation, bevond tho^e requited lor
lniiiu díate and necessir) purposes of Government, ¡an
nowhere be so well deposited as m the poikets ot the
people "
I am glad that my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Rives] referred to this message as containing the
giounds of his argument. I should have referred
to it, if he had not, for this recommendation wras
stiongly impressed on my mind, although I had
not seen it from the time it was delivered till this
day. But I was a member of the Senate of New
Yoik at this period, and well remember that the
doctrines of this message formed the basis of
our Governor's message on this sub|ect. The
reports of our committees on internal improve-
ments, in both houses, assumed the same ground.
I  believe the constitutional question was all along
reserv ed, but, aside from that, no one at that time
seemtd to doubt the expediency or the policy of
the measuie.    I have been subsequently led to
doubt both the expediency and policy of a general
system of distiibutton amongst the States of the
surplus revenue of the Government. I have feared
that it might create a too great dependence of the
States on the General Government.    I  will not
now sav anything of the constitutional question
further than to express my opinion that Congress
has no powei to raise revenue for the purpose of
distribution.   But when we find a surplus on our
hands, without any design  from our legislation
to produce it, it presents a different question.
The   time  has  now arrived, the  contingencies
have now happened, when  the President antici-
pated such a surplus; the surplus is on hand, and
it will continue to increase far beyond our ap-
propriations     It is in vain to shut our eyes to
the fact, we may deceive ouiselves, but we can-
not deceive others.    This suiplus cannot be dis-
posed of by appropriations, unless of the most
extravagant character.    Will the people tolerate
appropriations for the mere purpose of getting
rid of a  suiplus'    No, sir, I  apprehend not.
They will justify their representatives in making
liberal appropilations for all objects of national
defense.    Extravagant expenditures for the sole
object of disposing  of the surplus, íevenue are,
in my judgment, far more dangerous than any
objections which I have  heard  uiged against a
distubution amongst the States.    These expend-
itures beget the  necessity  of continuing them,
and, by and by, we shall be obhgpd to raise the
tariff, and increase the burdens of the people, for
the purpose of canying out the extravagances
with which we lmprovidently commenced.   Sir,
the people of this country will never approve such
a principle. What, then, shall be done > We have
a large surplus on hand.    It will be much larger
on the first of January next.    It is in vam to
wish we had it not.    It is on out hands, and we
must dispose of it.    No matter by what means
we got it—no matter whether by indiscreet or im-
provident legislation.  We have the surplus—call
it accidental or incidental, or unavoidable,   the
I question is, what shall we do with it?   Shall we
¡ throw it into the ocean> No. Shall we burn it up >
No.    What, then, shall we do  with  it?    Shall
we leave it to accumulate in the deposit banks '
II  There are weighty objections against it.    There
, is no reason for keeping in those banks any more
than is required for the current disbursements of
the Government.    That will always be a large
amount.    Beyond  that, it is neither profitable
to the banks, nor useful  to the people.    Most
of the banks are limited in their discounts by
their charters.    The elements which enter into
their discounts are,  their capital,  their   circu-
lation, and their deposits.    In the city of New
1 York,  their deposits are  large, and  their  cir-
1 culation small.    In  fact,  their circulation  is a
¡ mere   bagatelle.    Well,  sir,   when   their   dis-
counts  run up to the  limit prescribed bv their
chaiteis, the surplus deposits are of no further
use to them, noi to the public.    It is true, in the
city of New York, they have been used so far as
prudence and a due regard to the calls of the Gov-
ernment would  permit.    The suiplus,  bevond
what the deposit banks could use, "<nd beyond
what was lcquned to meet the diafts ot ine Treas-
uiy, has been loaiifd without intciest to other
banks, on which they have discounted, and the
community have thus had the benefit     After the
late calamitous fire in the city of New York, I
have  no  doubt  the  banks have discounted on
these funds, and  thereby essentially íelieved the
commercial inteiests of the city.    The idea that
these funds, to the amount of millions, have been
hoarded up by the banks, is as ímpiobable as it
is untrue.    They have been used so far as pru-
dence would permit; but still their benefits in this
way are very unequally distributed amongst the
whole people     If the money has been collected
by indirect taxation from the people, it is right
that they should participate, in the same ratio, in
its benefits     This cannot be done through the
deposit banks     I see no mode left so just and
proper, and so unexceptionable, as the one pre-
scribed in this bill—namely, a deposit with the
States.    If there were anything ob|ectionable in
a distribution, as recommended by the President,
there would not be, as it appears to me,  in a
deposit with the States.    The President, in all
his messages, has been perfectly consistent.    He
has never recommended a general system of dis-
tribution.    He has merely pointed out a mode
of disposing of any surplus which might be un-
avoidably on hand beyond the wants of the Gov-
ernment after the extinction of the national debt.
He has always contended against the  policy of
raising revenue for the purpose of distribution,
but has, at different times, suggested the expedi-
ency of such a disposition of any surplus which
might be in the Treasury, without any design on
the part of the Government to produce it for such
a purpose.    This distinction has been kept up,
all along, by the President, in his messages in
which he has had occasion to touch the subject.
It is a distinction by w hich he has stood justified,
and will stand justified, before the people, as long
as he maintains that consistency, that upright,
honest course which has thus far characterized
all his public acts, and which, I trust, will char-
acterize them in future.    His doctrines, thus far,
on this subject, have been approved,and the dis-
tinction to which I have alluded, and which can
be traced through all his messages, is one sound
in itself, and one perfectly understood by the peo-
ple of the United States.    In his veto message on
the land bill, in 1832, I find the same distinction,
and here, too, it is proper to add that he sug-
gested doubts, as he had done before, of its con-
stitutionality, but the distinction between return-
ing to the people an unavoidable suiplus of rev-
enue paid in by them, and creating a surplus for
the pulposo of distribution amongst the States,
is clearly taken, and kept up in peí iect accordance
with w hat he had said on former occasions     I
most heartily appiove of the doctrines contained
in that message     I am fully sensible of the dan-
gers to be appichended from a general distribu-
tion system in regard to a surplus created for the
purpose of such distribution     The Piesident's
reasoning on that subject is perfectly conclusive
to my mind.    Amongst other things, he says:
" It has been supposed that, w nil all the reductions in
our revenue which co lid be speedily < ffectcd by Coniress,
without iniurv to the substantial interests ot the countiy,
there mi"ht be, for some yean to come, a surplus ot moneys
in the Trcasurv,and that there was,in principle, no objec-
tion to returning them to the people by whom they were
1 paid As the literal accomplishment ot such an object is
obviously impracticable, it wis thought admissible, as the
nearest approxi mation to it, to hand them ov er to the State
governments, the more immediate representatives of the
neonle, to be by them applied to the benefit of tho=e to
w horn they properlv belong The principle and the object
were to return to the p ople an unavoidable =mplu  of rev-
enue which might have been paid b> them under a s5 stem
which could not at once be abandoned, but even this re-
source, which atone tune se-ro d to be almo-t the only
alternative to save the General Gov inment from «rasping
unlm it"d power over its internal improvements, was sug
ecsteil with doubts o'conetiutionalitv
" But this bill assumes a new principle   Its object is not
to return to the people an unavoidable «uiplus ot revenue
! paid in  b) them, but to create a surplus for distribution
