1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
*24th Cong....1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. of Reps.
established by n fen. nee to the legislation of Vir- j I
gin.i, m lur constitution of 177b, in act of the
Legislature of 1777, foi tstibhslnng a general
loiut bv the tonMitution ot "Vw^oihin 1777—
h r ail for Indian nil in , pissed in 17-<3, and her
mon rec« nt It ^isl mon on tin subjeet m 1813 and
l^'J-J, as wtll is lur judmal dtttsions, b\ the
Lisisluure of Uhod« Island m 17^3, of North
Ciio'ini m 177"* Mid 17s>3, and of Georgia in 17t>9
and 17l>t>, as wt 11 \s more íectntlv It is obvious
trom thtse lllustr uions, drawn from tin colonial
and Statt legislation prior to the establishment
of the Ftdorxl Constitution, that the se\tral col
onus and tétate1! «tanned and ixticisetl entire
jurisdiition ovtr Indian atlairs Nor is it be-
lli \ed thnt an\ atti nipt has ever been made to
murftre with either ot the Old Thirteen States
on tins subnet, so as to control their munieipal
ncl'!ttions, but the State of Gtorffia.
D> siring to dispatch this sublet, w hich can be
but of little mttrest to this Houst , compartí! to
what I let 1 in it as a Georgian, I will now pass to
a «<rv brief inquiry into the pow trs eonfened by
the Mates in the Ftd  ral Constitution, for the
regulation ot Indian affairs, and tlu manner in
which those powers ha\e betn exetuted. It will
be recollected, that whatever power or jurisdic-
tion ma\ have been claimed bv the Government
of the Confederation on one side, or the respect-
ive States on the other, in regird to Indians, the
subject is now entirely regulated by the Consti-
tution
In examining the present Constitution it is found
that it contains a single grant of power over In-
dians to the Federal Government, and a single
restriction upon the States The grant of power
is to be found in the third clause of the eighth
section of the fi>3t article of the Constitution—
" To regulate commerce with foreign nations,
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes." It is of the last importance in considering
this clause of the Constitution to bear in mind
that the commercial power, in its three several
branches, is conf. rred in the same terms so far as
regards their import, and that the power is com-
mercial only. It is also of the greatest importance
to remember, that as itembraces a/Jforeign nations
w ith w hich we may desire or must carry on com-
mercial intercourse, so it embraces all the States
of this Union, and all the Indian tribes within
the whole range of the United States In the
further investigation of the subject, it should be
recollected that the same uniform course has
been pursued in the establishment and main-
tenance of commercial intercourse with foreign
nations, they have been treated as equal and inde-
pendent communities, and trade and commerce
w ith them regulated by treaty stipulations. A
similar principle has been acted upon towards the
States of .this Union: they have been treated as
a community of equals, and the commercial in-
tercourse between them regulated by the prin-
ciples of the Constitution. Nothing else has
been mixedupwith it,because mistaken or vicious
politicians did not find it necessary to derive from
it a pretext for intermeddling w ith their internal
jurisdiction over their own people. Nor has the
enforcement or attempted enforcement, of the
commercial power over the Indian tribes, in its
ftneral operation upon the original States of this
Inion, within which such tribes are, or have
been situated, been carried beyond the letter or
spirit of the Constitution. Indeed, in all of them,
except the States of North Carolina and Georgia,
there has never been any attempt to exercise even
the naked power to regulate commerce with an
Indian tnbe within their limits, much less any
attempt to derive from this commercial grant the
powpr of exclusive legislation over them  From
the examples shown of the mode of «nforcing the
commercial power by the Federal Government
towards foreign nations, and among the States,
it is obvious that no attempt has ever been made
to derive, by any implication whatsoever, any
other power from that grant.
It is, therefore, inconceivable how such attempt
should ever have been made to extract from the
grant of the naked power " to regulate commerce
with the Indian tribes," the power of exclusive
legislation over the persons and territory of any
one of these States, especially when the commer-
cial powtr itself has never been attempted to be
exercistd but by at least one act of Congress,
and that the act by vvhuh the various acts of
usurpation towards Georgia have b« en attempted
to lit justified, his been expiessly received from
exercise in all the old Statt s, containing Indian
tribts, but North Carohni and Geoigia—I mean
the intercomse  law ot 1802.    If tin   power to
rt guíate commcico with the Indian tribes conft rs
on Congress exclusive legislation over persons
and things in the countries occupied by them,
it confers equally exclusive  povveis within the
respective   States  of this   Union,  as  exclusive
power over white men at Milledgeville, or over
red  men at New Echota, oi   elsewhere  in   the
Chtrokee nation.    The  power in each case is
conferíed in the same clause of the Constitution,
and  in  teims equally comprehensive  and  un-
limited.    How, then, can it be pietendid that
Congress possesses it in eve i y thing ulating to
Indi ins,  and  the  teiritory  occupied   by  them
within  a State, without i airy ing along with it
the claim to exclusive junsdit üon of the citizens
ot the stveral States >    The claim is as monstrous
and absuid in the one case as in the other.    I
know   it may bi   said, as it has been, that the
olih r States havt  acquired jurisdiction over the
Indians within their limits at an early period,
b\ their voluntaiy consent, and, therefore, may
have rightfully exercised it, forasmuch as such
tnbts weie not contemplated at the formation
of the Articles of Confideration, or afterwards,
when  the present Constitution was framed     I
deny this, for the grant of power in reference
to Indians in both instruments is general and
unrestricted as it respects the States, and if such
voluntary surrender had been previously made
by  the Indians, by these grants of commercial
powers, the respective States delegated so much
of the Indian jurisdiction to the Union.    Either
it was the duty of the Federal Government to
have exercised the jurisdiction heretofore claimed
tow ards Georgia over the Indians m every State
of this Union, or a gross usuipation has been at-
tempted tow ards Georgia in the efforts heretofore
made to inforce such power upon her.    It may
be said that the exercise of the commercial power
tow ards the States is restrained and limited by
the guarantee of a republican Government  to
each of the States of this Union, and by that
amendment w Inch declares " that the powers not
' granted by the Constitution to the United States,
'nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
' to the States respectively, oi  to the people."
If this be so, and it is admitted, the same pro-
visions of the Constitution afford equal protec-
tion to the  States  against  the exercise  by the
Federal Government  of  exclusive  jurisdiction
over  Indians  within  their   limits.     But   theie
are other provisions of the Constitution which
bear with peculiar force upon this subject.    It is
declared that " no new State shall be formed or
erected within the jurisdiction of any other State."
Yet, according to the honorable gentleman, Con-
gress had the right to erect the Cherokee State
within the jurisdiction of Georgia, without her
consent, and against her most solemn declarations
to the contrary.    But I may, before I conclude,
show another and not less glaring attempt to
trample upon the rights of Georgia, by an an-
cestor of the honorable gentleman, when he filled
a high place in this Government.    To return to
the subject immediately before me. As the power
conferred upon Congress to regulate commerce
among the States has been justly so interpreted
as to include nothing else, and to leave them in
the possession and exercise of all powers  not
gjranted to the Federal Government, nor prohib-
ited by the Constitution over their white citizens,
it is equally clear that it includes nothing else in
i reference to Indians,and that they are as fair and
II constitutional objects  of the  legislation  of the
States for everything else, as any other descrip-
i tion of persons within their limits.
I     I will now turn for a moment to the only direct
restriction whi h the Constitution imposes upon
i the States, with regard to Indians, having dis-
posed of the indirect restriction growing out of
the power conferred on Congress to regulate com-
merce with the Indian tribes.   It is this, that in
I making up their representative numbers, the sev-
eral States shall notinclude "Indians not taxed."
If the States only possessed such powers as had
been eonfeired upon them by the Constitution, it
would be an mesistible infeiencc,from the terms
of this restuction, that the States may include, in
their representative numbers, Indians who aie
taxed, and of consequence  that they may tax
them for that puipose.    But the rule of interpret-
ing the Constitution is tins, and it is emphatically
established by the tenth amendment. "That the
respective States retain every power which they
hav e neitherdelegated to the Federal Government,
noi prohibited to themselves."   They have not
done the one or the other with regard to the gov-
ernment of the Indians, they have conferred the
same commercial  power,  and no more, in the
one case as the other, they have the right to tax
white men, and they have an equal right to tax
Indians, and the Constitution places taxed white
men and taxed Indians on the same  footing of
Federal enumeration.   Will the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, or any other gentleman,
inform this House whether, at the formation of
the Federal Constitution, there was one taxed In-
dian in the United States'   I have not yet learned
that there was one, and if not.itgoes most strongly
to support my argument on the subject.   So far as
I know or believe, the first serious attempt that
was persevered in, winch has ever been made to
interfere with the territorial rights or jurisdiction
of Georgia with respect to Indians within her
limits, was made by the immediate successor of
General "Washington, for what cause, I knownot,
unless it was that she gave her electoral vote, in
1796, to Thomas Jefferson, and attempts of a sim-
ilar character were revived, and attempted to be
tnforced upon her in 1825, by the then President
of the United States.    Georgia then stood ma
similar attitude, having given her pi esidential vote
in 1824, and her vote in this House in 1825, in
favor of another individual, one of her own dis-
tinguished sons.    I have shown, by reference to
the legislative and historical  memorials of thn
country, that the several States in nowise impair-
ed or restricted their jurisdiction ovei Indians by
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, than
they impaired and restricted  their jurisdiction
over any other  description  of persons   within
their several limits, and that a large number of
them, so large as to establish the rule under the
Constitution, have continued to exercise unlimited
and undisturbed authority over them, while at-
tempts have been made, (for what purpose I shall
not here inquire,) to make Georgia, an exception
to that rule.
Notwithstanding the attempts which have been
made from time to time to interfere with the juris-
diction of Georgia over the Indians within her
limits, she has not ceased to claim, until finally
she has been permitted, without further molesta-
tion, to exercise her unquestionable right
In 1796 it is well known that the United States*
by commissioners, entered into what was called
the treaty of Colerain, with the Creek Indians;
but it may not be equally well known that the
State of Georgia appropriated money to defray
the expenses of that treaty, and for carrying its
provisions into effect, (as will be seen by the act
of her Legislature passed in the year 1796,) to an,
amount exceeding p5,000.
It may not be generally known that the com-
missioners who negotiated that treaty entered into
stipulations with the Indians,, which were deroga-
tory to the territorial rights and jurisdiction of
Georgia; that the Legislature of Georgia protested,
most" solemnly against those, stipulations, and
that upon its ratification the Senate of the United.
States expressly excepted and reserved to Georgia,
her claim of territorial right and jurisdiction, yet
such were the facts.
From the date of the treaty of Colqrain, and
the protest of Georgia, and the recognition of the
principles oí that protest by the Senate, no new
i occasion is believed to have occurred to produce
collision between Georgia and this Government
I until the year 1825. But, as formerly hm ted, very
soon after the first President of the United States
closed Ins second term of office, his successor
turned his eye to the wild lands of Gcorgn, and
although the southern boundary of the United
States liad been settled by the treaty of San Lo-
