478
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. of Reps.
renzo El Real, according to the southern bound-
ary of Georgia, as defined in the proclamation of
George the Third, in 1763, and reaffirmed in the
preliminary articles of peace with Great Britain
in 1782, and finally, by the definitive treaty with
that Power in 1783, within a short period after
the conclusion of the treaty with Spain, by which
the question had been thus settled, the then Pres-
ident of the United States recommended, and
Congress passed acts, creating a territorial gov-
ernment within the limits of Georgia. That Presi-
dent was a distinguished citizen of Massachu-
setts, and not unknown to the member who now
arraigns the conduct of Georgia in terms of such
unmeasured condemnation. Why did not the same
President recommend the establishment of a ter-
ritorial government upon the wild lands of Mass-
achusetts, now within the State of Maine? The
southern boundary of the Union was settled ac-
cording to the chartered limits of Georgia, and
the northern and northeastern boundary, in con-
formity with the original charters of the colonies
there situated, now members of the Union. What
better right could exist for usurping and tyran-
nizing over Georgia than the rest, it cannot be pos-
sible for the human mind to conceive. This out-
rageous and unjust oppression of Georgia was
finally settled and disposed of by her compact
with the United States in 1802. I will here, sir,
once for all, before going further with any other
branch of my inquiry, show the ground upon
which that compact placed the relations of the
United States ana Georgia. By it Georgia yielded
no right previously asserted or exercised by her,
but she acquired from the United States the obli-
gation on their part, on certain conditions, to re-
move the Indians from within her limits. It
is worthy of remark, that the subject of that
compact was the transfer by Georgia of a large
portion of her southern territory to the United
States.
It should be further observed, that the inter-
course law, as it has been generally termed, which
in its provisions exempted the Indians in all the
States which had claimed or exercised jurisdic-
tion over them, from its operation, except in
North Carolina and Georgia, was passed on the
30th of March, 1802, and that the compact with
Georgia was entered into on the 24th of April,
1802—twenty-five days afterwards. Why the
intercourse law should, by its provisions, have
exempted the Indians in a large number of States
from its operation, without giving to the two
States mentioned the same exemption, it is not
necessary to inquire, nor can it be explained upon
any just principle. This is the act by which
most or all the attempts to deprive the State of
Georgia of her rightful jurisdiction over all the
soil and all the people within her limits, have
been justified.
The compact between the United States and
Georgia was entered into after the passage of the
act regulating trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, as I have already shown, and if it
contains anything incompatible with that com-
pact, leaving any constitutional question out of
• view, it must so far repeal that act.
By the compact, as has been already stated,
Georgia ceded to the United States " all the right,
title, and claim which the said State has to the
jurisdiction and soil of the land situated," &c,
describing the land thus ceded to the United
States. " The United States accept the cession
' above mentioned, and on the conditions therein
' expressed; and they cede to the State of Georgia
' whatever claim, right, or title they may riave
' to the jurisdiction or soil of any lands," &c,
describing the lands which Georgia reserved
to herself. Can plain, practical common sense
discern the slightest difference between the re-
spective stipulations of the parties? • It would be
impossible. How, then, does it happen, when
the United States, from the day this compactwas
ratified by the Legislature of Georgia, in June,
1802, have been in undisturbed possession and
enjoyment of " soil and jurisdiction," as ceded
by Georgia, and have actually erected two States
thereon, and Georgia shall not have and exercise
the " soil and jurisdiction "ceded to her, particu-
larly as the terms of the cession from the United
States are so broad, and the designation of the
country so general in its terms, as to embrace the
whole territory of Georgia ? From the period
just mentioned, I do not now remember that
Georgia had any difficulty with the Indians, or
their white champions, until the year 1825, ex-
cept their hostility during the late war with
Great Britain.
Cessions of land were obtained from time to
time by the United States, from the Creek and
Cherokee Indians, in compliance with the obliga-
tions of the United States to Georgia; and how-
ever irregular her government mighthavc thought
it to form  treaties with Indian tribes,   as they
were made in fulfillment of obligations to herself,
she did not throw any obstructions in their way
on account of the mode in which the General
Government might fulfill its stipulations with her.
Taking the subject as much as I can in chrono-
logical order, it may be most proper for me here
to repel a portion of the charge made by the mem-
ber from Massachusetts.    That member would
have it believed, that the course of Georgia to-
wards  the Indians within her limits  has been
uniformly cruel and  unjust.     Sir, the Indians
themselves, and the archives of this Government,
prove the contrary.     So early as the year 1790,
the Creek Indians, by the treaty of New York,
stipulated to return to the State of Georgia its
citizens who had been carried prisoners into their
nation, and the property which they had taken
from the people of Georgia.    In 1796, by the
treaty of Colerain, they again bound themselves
to restore prisoners and property which they had
carried away from Georgia.    By the treaty of
Fort Wilkinson, in 1802, they appropriated $5,000
for the indemnification of citizens of Georgia, upon
whom their people had committed depredations
subsequent to the treaty of Colerain, in  1796.
More  than this.    So  far from war with  them
having been provoked by the people of Georgia
between 1790 and 1796, the history of the time
shows that Georgia was not in a condition to have
provoked it—that President Washington ordered
the Governor of South Carolina to aid in the de-
fense of Georgia, if it should be necessary, as it
was certainly believed to be, or no such orders
would have been given.    In truth, and in fact, it
was but part of that general Indian war which
involved so much, if not all our western frontier,
and which was brought to a conclusion mainly
by Wayne's victory at the Falls of Miami, in
August, 1794.    It is unnecessary to dwell on the
treaties made with the Creeks and Chcrokecs,
between 1802 and 1821      It is important to give
a passing notice to this latter treaty, inasmuch as
it recognized the justice of the claims of the people
of Georgia for indemnification of the losses sus-
tained by the incursions of the Creek Indians
previous to the 30th of March, 1802, and provided
the sum of $250,000 for their payment, without
interest.     But that sum was considerably less
than the aggregate of losses actually sustained
by the people of Georgia, at the hands of the
Creek Indians.    I have no doubt that, if all the
just claims could be paid, with interest, from the
time the depredations were committed, the aggre-
gatcwould not fall short of $1,000,000.    If I have
shown a voluntary acknowledgment by the Creek
Indians, so late as 1821, of a debt due the citizens
of Georgia, for spoliations committed upon them
by those Indians, prior to 1802,1 think the charge
of the member from Massachusetts is fully an-
swered and overthrown, down to that period.
I will now examine a portion of the history of
this subject, in which the honorable member may
feel a deeper interest than in any portion of the
long and uninteresting detail which I have felt it
my duty to offer to the House, for the full and
perfect illustration of the subject: I speak of the
treaty concluded by commissioners of the United
States with the Creek Indians, at the Indian
Spring, in February, 1825, and ratified early in
the m onth of March, thereafter. This treaty had
the singular fortune to be communicated to the
Senate by Mr. Monroe, and officially promul-
gated after its ratification by his successor. I
presume it is in reference to this treaty that the
honorable gentleman says of Georgia: " She bade
defiance to the authority of the Government of the
nation; she nullified your laws; she set at naught
your executive and judicial guardians of the com-
mon Constitution of the land." Sir, I have
shown that, in all she has done in reference to
Indians, Georgia has kept herself within the pale
of the "common Constitution of the land," as the
same has been understood or acted upon by a lar^e
majority, indeed, nearly all her sister States, with,
whom she concurred in its establishment; and the
facts and arguments which I have presented entire-
ly overthrow the unsustained assertion even of an
ex-Prcsidentof the United States. But to return
to the treaty. By the second article of that treaty
among other things, there is this stipulation: "The
' United States agree to pay to the nation emigra-
' ting from the lands therein ceded the sum of
' $400,000; of which amount there shall be paid to
' the said party of the second part, [the Indians,]
' as soon as practicable after the ratification of this
' treaty, the sum of $200,000." And it was further
stipulated, in the fifth article, "at the particular
' request of the said parties of the second part, that
' the payment and disbursement of the first sum
' herein provided for shall be made by the present
'commissioners negotiating this treaty." The
necessary appropriation was made at the same
session of Congress at which the treaty was rati-
fied, to carry it into effect. In compliance with
the provision of the treaty requiring the sum of
$200,000 to be paid "as soon as practicable after
the ratification of this treaty," and to be paid by
the "commissioners negotiating it," that sum
was placed in the hands of Duncan G. Campbell
and James Merriwether, the commissioners, to
be paid over according to the provisions of the
treaty. As the cession of land obtained by the
treaty was for the use, benefit, and occupancy of
the people of Georgia, the Governor of that State
issued his proclamation, on the 22d of the same
month, (of March,) "warning all persons, citi-
' zens of Georgia, or others, against trespassing
' or intruding upon the lands occupied by the In-
' dians within the limits of this State," although
the treaty surrendered all the lands claimed by the
Creeks within the limits of Georgia. On the 18th
of April, 1825, Governor Troup issued his proc-
lamation, convening the Legislature to take into
consideration the disposal of the lands acquired
by the then late treaty with the Creek Indians.
The Legislature convened on the 23d of May
thereafter, and within a few days passed an act
disposing of the acquired territory by lottery, the
mode of distribution which had been pursued for
more than twenty years.
This act did not authorize the immediate occu-
pancy of the lands, but provided for its survey at
an early period. * Was there a subsisting treaty
with theCreek Indians to all the lands then occu-
pied by them within the limits of Georgia ? There
was, as I have already shown, and money appro-
priated and placed in the hands of the commis-
sioners for making payment of the first install-
ment stipulated by it. Who, then, nullified the
treaty? Georgia, by her act to survey the land
and draw a lottery for it, when the consummation
of that treaty made the land the rightful property
of her citizens? Certainly not. Who then was
the nullifier? The then President of the United
States—for it was he who arrested this treaty, this
supreme law of the land, on his mere motion, his
own will and pleasure—and not the government
or people of Georgia. The Constitution makes
all treaties a portion of the supreme law of the
land, with which the President of the United
States has nothing to do but to execute them.
But, as I have said, the President of the United
States did arrest the operation of the treaty of
1825, by arbitrarily withdrawing from the com-
missioners the money which had been appropri-
ated by Congress, and placed in their hands to
be paid Over " as soon as practicable," under the
provisions of the treaty. It matters not what
was the pretext for so doing; the act was done,
and done for the purpose of arresting the oper-
ation of a supreme law of the land. I again say,
that in the contest which occurred between the
government of Georgia and the Executive of the
United States, in 1825, and what grew out of it,
John Q.uincy Adams, the then President of the
United States, was the nullifier, and that the au-
thorities of Georgia were only struggling to sus-
tain a " supreme law of the land." I know that
this course has its attempted justification of fraud
