480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. op Reps.
' wrongs have been inflicted, and that still greater
'are to be apprehended, this is not the tribunal
«which   can   redress   the   past  or prevent   the
'future"                      .   .        .      .    .
" The motion for an injunction is denied.
In addition to the portions of the decision just
quoted, in which the court most emphatically
disclaims jurisdiction over any and all the mat-
ters brought before it by the bill, it should be re-
membered that it decided also, that Indian tribes
are not foreign nations within the meaning of
the Constitution; and, as a consequence, I assert,
without the fear of successful denial, that no
treaties, in the constitutional sense of that term,
could ever have been made by them. Further,
the court declares, " The Indian territory is ad-
mitted to compose a part of the United States."
Here, let me ask, by what means the United
States ever acquired territory as an independent
community or Government? Originally there
was no territory of the United States, in this
sense of the term; nor is there now any such
territory, but what has been acquired by the vol-
untary relinquishment of the States, or purchase
from foreign nations. Therefore the claim on
the part of the United States, of exclusive au-
thority over them and the territory of the United
States occupied by them, gives to the United
States no such jurisdiction over Indians residing
on the territory of any State of this Union.
Consequently, on these and other grounds, the
Government of the United States can set up no
such jurisdiction within the limits of Georgia.
Further, the court distinctly intimates that the
Eroper tribunal for the redress of wrongs which
ave been either already inflicted, or appre-
hended for the future, is either the legislative or .
executive department of the Government, neither
of which arraigns the conduct of Georgia, nor at-
tempts to control it in any way whatever.
Thus it is seen, that the Supreme Court, upon
solemn argument on all complaints on the part of
the Cherokee Indians against the State of Georgia,
disclaim all jurisdiction over the subject. But
notwithstanding this disclaimer, it may, and per-
haps will be asserted, that, although the court did,
in that case, distinctly admit its want of jurisdic-
tion, Georgia had defied its authority, in the cases
of Tassels in 1830, and Graves in 1834, both
Cherokee cases. What were the facts of these
cases? They were tried in the superior courts of
Georgia, in the same manner in which her own
citizens are tried before the same tribunals, upon
the charge of murder, and that the murder of men
of their own race. Each was convicted and sen-
tenced to death, in conformity to the criminal laws
of Georgia. What then ? A citation was issued
in each case, bearing the sign manual of a judge
of the Supreme Court, requiring the proceedings
to be sent up to that court for revival and correc-
tion. The convicted murderers were sentenced
to be executed, in each case, at a period anterior
to the next succeeding term of the Supreme Court;
but, in both instances, at days so distant as to give
them the benefit of an application to the clemency
of the Legislature of Georgia. That clemency
was not exercised, and they were executed in con-
formity to their respective sentences. For this,
Georgia has been charged with contumacy towards
the Supreme Court of the United States, because
her authorities did not suspend the execution of
murderers, in obedience to the citation of a judge
of the Supreme Court. What, then, is a citation,
according to the definition of Chief Justice Mar-
shall himself? We shall see, by referring to the
opinion delivered by him, in the case of Cohens
vs. Virginia.
In that opinion it became necessary for the
Court to inquire into the nature and operation of
a citation, of which so much has been heard since
the State of Georgia disregarded it in the cases
of Tassels and Graves. Chief Justice Marshall
asks, "And what is a citation? It is simply no-
' tice to the opposite party that the record is
' transferred to another court, where he may ap-
' pear, or decline to appear, as his judgment or
' inclination may determine. As the party who
' has obtained the judgment is out of court, and
' may therefore not know that his cause is re-
' moved, common justice requires that notice of
' the fact should be given to him.   But this no-
' tice is not a suit, nor has it the effect of process.
' If the party does not choose to appear, he can-
' not be brought into court, nor is his failure to
' appear considered as a default.''   I have thus j
brought before the committee the Cherokee chan- ¡
eery case of 1831, and the citations in the cases  |
of Tassel and Graves.                                            |l
In the first, the Supreme Court of the United
States disclaimed jurisdiction over any of the nu-
merous allegations of the bill—allegations em-
bracing every ground  of contest between the
Cherokees and Georgia.    In the latter, according
to Chief Justice Marshall himself, the citation is
a mere notice, which an individual party may re- ¡
gard or disregard at his own good pleasure.   If,  <
therefore, an individual is not bound to take no-  ,
ticcofa " citation," and demean himself accord-
ingly, what possible obligation could exist on the  I
part of Georgia to obey it ?   It is nonsense to say
she was under any such obligation.    I have thus '
traveled over the charge of defiance of the Su- ,
preme Court by Georgia, so far as the Indians are I
concerned, and shown, that in the case in which  I
judgment has been pronounced, it is not adverse i
to Georgia; and, with regard to the " citations," ¡|
they impose upon her no obligation, either of re- |i
spect or obedience, whatever.                                 |
And now I am prepared to assert that the State 11
of Georgia is free from all the allegations pre- l(
ferred against her by the honorable gentleman, as I,
it regards the Indians.    I have shown that, with !
respect to the Creek treaty of 1825, the President <
of the United States was the nullifier, and not the |
Government or the people of Georgia; and, in
reference to the Cherokees, that if the treaty ex-
isted previous to 1802, which bound the United
States to protect, and Georgia to forbear, the ex-
ercise of authority over them, these treaties were
| abrogated by the Governmentof the United States
by the compact entered into with Georgia on the
j 24th of April, 1802, surrendering to her all claim
I to soil and jurisdiction within the limits reserved
| to that State; and that the law passed on the 30th
j of March preceding, regulating intercourse with
' the Indians, was alike abrogated by that compact.
Of the treaties, so called, which have been entered
into with the Cherokees since 1802, they could
not rightfully embrace anything at war with the
compact of 1802, and in that sense only have they
been acquiesced in by Georgia.
If the United States have wronged the Chero-
kees by their obligation to Georgia under the
compact of 1802, it is their duty to do them jus-
tice; and in all proper measures to be taken here,
for thatpurpose,the Senators and Representatives
of Georgia will be behind no others in awarding
to them whatever justice and equity demand, in a
manner the most ample and complete. I might
have shown that, according to the principles laid
down by the Chief Justice, in the Cherokee chan-
cery case, an Indian tribe could not make a treaty;
but I do not now consider that discussion neces-
sary.
Having disposed, at least for the present, of the
allegations of the honorable gentleman against
Georgia, as regards her Indian relations, I will
now proceed to consider the remaining charge of
misconduct towards the missionaries. And here
I might contrast the conduct of the original minis-
ters of the Gospel with that of the individuals on 1
whose account such grave charges have been pre- ]
ferred against the State of Georgia. But, as I
have been constrained to occupy so much of the
time of the House, and, as I doubt not, but little to
their edification, I will proceed as rapidly as I can
to the conclusion of my subject. As will appear
by reference to the decision of the Cherokee chan-
cery case already referred to, it will be remem-
bered, that the Legislature of Georgia commenced
its legislation over the territory occupied by the
Cherokees in 1828, and repeated it in 1829 and ir 
1830, all which acts were brought in review before
the court,, so far as they related to Indians and
Indian lands, in the course of that decision; and
the prayer of the bill, that the court would enjoin
and restrain the jurisdiction of Georgia, was re-
jected on the whole ground taken by the complain-
ants. Why, within one year thereafter, the same
court should have taken upon itself to increase the
political power it so distinctly claimed in the
Cherokee case in 1831, might be an interesting
;    wiuou   cjuwrcu   evuiy    avcumuie   llinuPnCP
liary and otherwise, in the  then pending
dential election.    But I will forbear its dis-
topic of inquiry, if time would permit.    Nor does
it seem difficult to refer the motive to the same
cause which enlisted every  available influence,
pecuni
presidential i
cussion.
The last act of the Legislature to which I have
referred, the act of the 2i2d December, 1830, con-
tained the following provisions: " That all white
' persons residing within the limits of the Cher-
' okee nation, on the first day of March next, or
' at any time thereafter, without a license or permit
' from his excellency the Governor, or from such
' agent as his Excellency shall authorize to grant
' such permit or license, and who shall not have
' taken the oath hereinafter required, shall be
' guilty of a high misdemeanor, and, upon con-
' viction thereof, shall be punished by confine-
' ment to the penitentiary at hard labor for a term
'not less than four years: Provided, That the
' provisions of this section shall not be construed
' to extend to any authorized agent or agents of the
' Governmentof the United States, or of this State,
' or to any person or persons who may rent any
' of those improvements which have been aban-
'doned by Indians who have emigrated west of
'the Mississippi: Provided, Nothing contained
' in this section shall be so construed as to ex-
' tend to white females, and to male children
' under twenty-one years of age." The oath pre-
' cribed is in these words: "1, A B, do solemnly
'swear [or affirm, as the case may be,] that I
' will support and defend the constitution of the
' State of Georgia, and uprightly demean myself
' as a citizen thereof: so help me God." At Sep-
tember term of Gwinnett Superior Court, (1831,)
Samuel A. Worcester, E. Butler, and others, were
indicted for living in the country occupied by the
Cherokees in contravention of the laws of Georgia
referred to, found guilty, and sentenced to the
penitentiary of Georgia, there to remain at hard
labor for the term of four years. And in the
October following, the judgment against Wor-
cester was taken up, by citation, to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I may be once more permitted to express my
astonishment that the same tribunal which, in the
spring of 1831, should have confessed itself pow-
erless to interfere with, or in any manner to re-
strain the jurisdiction of Georgia over Indians
in the country occupied by the Cherokees, should
so soon, at its next annual term, find itself fully
competent to restrain that jurisdiction over its
own white citizens residing within the same ter-
ritory, so as entirely to oust the State of all right
and power whatsoever over them. The country
was the same; and the enactments are contained in
one of the very laws of Georgia brought in re-
view before the court in 1831. The laws and
treaties, so called, upon which the court relied
in both cases, were the same, with this remark-
able difference in favor of the former, that neither
the commercial power claimed by the United
States, nor any of the treaties, contain any prin-
ciple applicable to any other description of per-
sons but Indians, except that description of white
persons expressly exempted by the act of 1830
itself from its operations—persons exercising an
agency, or otherwise permitted by the United
States to reside among the Indians.
The honorable gentleman has asserted that the
missionaries were residing among the Cherokees
by the permission of the Government. This I most
peremptorily deny, upon the well-settled legal
principle that what does not appear does not exist.
The law of Georgia under which they were
prosecuted excepted from its operation all such
white men as were residing among the Cherokees
by permission of the Government of the United
States. Upon their trial they were entitled to the
benefit of testimony going to establish the fact of
such permission, and they did not produce it;
therefore I deny the existence of such permission.
Whatever the honorable gentleman may think of
their Christian meekness and piety, it would not
have «arried them so far as to court conviction
and four years' hard labor in the penitentiary, if
the production of a certificate would have prevented
it; and the production of such certificate would
have secured that acquittal instantly. Further, if
they would have taken the oath to demean them-
