1&36.]
APPENDIX TO TtíE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Haynes.
Ho. of Reps.
■elves in an orderly manner as citizens of Geor-
gia, the prosecution would have been instantly
euded The authorities of Georgia, so far from
desunís to piosecute and punish them, were
exceedingly anxious to avoid it, and even after
theirconv u tton and arrival at the penitentiary, if
thev would have acknowledged the juiiidiction of
Gtorj;i«, or consented to leave the country where
tliey resided, thtv would have been discharged
Nor *ere tney kit to make the olkr themselves,
the most earnest endeavors were made to induce
them to accept the one or the other of these alter-
natives; but they were then retused, when some
months thereafter they were liberated upon one
or the other ol the conditions which I have men-
tioned.
The honorable gentleman has stated that these
missionaries were oppressed by the government
ol Georgia for preaching the gospel to the Indians.
Tins allegation has not the shadow of a founda-
tion to rest upon.    There is no reference what-
ever to the object or pursuit of white men living
among the Cheroktes    All that was required ot
them was an oath to demean themselves as orderly
citizens of Georgia.    There were other citizens
of Georgia residing in that country upon whom
the laws of the State were operating.    It might
be curious to inquire why the Supreme Court
did not arrogate exclusive jurisdiction over them
also.    These were citizens who, by virtue of the
opinion of the Attorney General of the Unitpd
States, had rented from the State of Georgia the
improvements which  had  been  abandoned by
Cherokee* who had been paid for them under
the treaty concluded with them by the honorable
gentleman in 1828, and had emigrated west of
the Mississippi     If these citizens were subject
to the laws of Georgia, and even the subtlety of
the Supreme Court could not so twist them as to
make its Indian law applicable to them, it may
well be asked why it possessed exclusive juris-
diction over one citizen of Georgia, and a re-
stricted Federal jurisdiction over another'   The
court did indeed resort to what doubtless seemed
to it to be an unanswerable argument to sustain
its jurisdiction—that Worcester was a citizen of
Vermont, and this in the face of the fact that by
the eleventh amendment to the Constitution, it
is expressly ousted of jurisdiction in suits at the
instance of one State against another State. What
constitutes a citizen ot a particular State '  Being
a citizen of the United States, and having a perma-
nent residence in such State.    I know no other
way in which a citizen of a State can be more
properly defined.   Worcester was a citizen of the
United States, and had a permanent residence in
Georgia, and was therefore the citizen of Georgia.
Will the court, or it  advocates here or elsewhere,
say that he was not a citizen of the United States,
and a permanent resident within the limits of
Georgia?    The limits defined both by her own
constitution of 1798 and the compact entered
into with her by the United States on the 24th
day of April, 1602.    I desire an answer without
any equivocation or mental reservation whatever,
and  pronounce the assertion of his citizenship
in Georgia as wholly undeniable.    He had no
residence in Vermont, and could not be her citizen;
he had a fixed, permanent residence in Georgia,
and was, therefore, undeniably hers; and yet the
Supreme Court, to enable   it   to carry out us
usurpation toward Georgia, assume that a man
living more than a thousand miles from Vermont,
permanently settled in Georgia, was the citizen
of the former and not of the latter State.    The
immediate motive of this assumption is obvious.
As the question before the court touched the ju-
risdiction of Georgia over a portion of country
within her own limits, the admission that the
individual concerned was her citizen would have
deprived it of the pretext of deciding against her.
Finally, as relates to the case of the missionaries,
let it be  remembered   that  the Legislature of
Georgia passed the act under which they were
convicted in   December, 1830;  that  but a few
months thereafter the Supreme Court admitted
her jurisdiction over the country in question and
Us Indian inhabitants, by disclaiming any power
on its part to repress or restrain it, that in 1832
the same court assumed the power of protecting
a citizen of Georgia from the operation of her
laws within the same territory in which it had,
No. 31
but one year before, distinctly disclaimed any
authority to interfere with that jurisdiction, and
I will feailessly submit it to every impaitml )udg-
nnnt to decide which Ins been the nullifier, the
Supreme Court of the United States, or Georgia.
Georgia had passed an act of oidmary legislation,
and was engaged in Us peaceful enforcement,
when a decree of the Supreme Court, pionounced
more than one year afterwaids, upon an unwai-
raimble statement of facts, and upon ajunsdic-
tion w hjch it had disclaimed after the passage of
the law of Georgia referred to, was the nullifier,
and not Georgia. It was with the most unfeigned
reluctance that I found it to be my duty again to
enter into the stale and unprofitable discussion
of the conduct of the government and people of
Georgia towards the Indians. That duty I have
performed to the best of my judgment amiability,
and, as I trust, in no improper or unfiicndly
spirit towards the honorable gentleman fiom Mas-
sichusetts, or any other individual whatsoevei.
With that topic I have done, and, so far as my
own will is concerned, take leave of it forever.
Before I resume my seat, I hope I may be per-
mitted to make a few observations upon the most
extraordinary speech made by an honorable mem-
ber from Veimont [Mr Everett] upon a kin-
dred subject I mean the" extravagant sympathy
expressed by him for an Indian tribe—the Semi-
nóles—now at war with his own countrymen.
Can it be possible that, in his ardent sympathy
for a miserable tribe of savages, who have con-
ducted the operations of the present war, wan-
tonly provoked by themselves, with all the cruelty
peculiar to their race, the member from Vermont
could so far have forgotten the manly form and
honorable bearing of Wiley Thompson, so long
associated with him as a Representative fiom
Georgia in the service of this House, as not to
have remembered that he had fallen a victim to
the scalping-knife' or have failed to remembei
the ruthless massacre of the ill-fated Dade and
companions ? I am sure, if a stranger, who had
never heard of the lamented fate of those gallant
men, had listened to the speech of that gentle-
man, he would have ascribed the most humane
and gentle bearing to the Indians, and unmeas-
ured and unmitigated cruelty to their adversaries
Certain I am, he could not have supposed that
a Seminole had handled a rifle or scalping-knife
against the white man for the last hundied
years.
The honorable gentleman may luxuriate as he
will in his Indian sympathies, but, for my part,
if I believed that the spirits of the departed were
ever permitted to revisit this nether world, I
should fear, if I entertained sentiments like his,
that they would visit upon me more appalling
horror than the genius of Shakspeare has thrown
around <he apparition of Banquo at the feast of
his murderer Nor do I consider the remaiks of
that gentleman relative to our present war with
the Seminóles alone reprehensible.
It is well known that much dissatisfaction
existr on the part of a most influential individual
of the Cherokee tribe towards the treaty, for the
I fulfillment of which we aie now asked to provide.
While I do not charge upon the honorable mem-
ber from Vermont any desire to encourage the
hostilities of the Indians, I feel very sure that the
whole tenor of his remarks, at the time referred
to, would not fail to be understood by an Indian
as intended to palliate, if not to defend them.
Nor do I consider the taunting manner in which
the venerablegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] has spoken of the various acts passed
during the present session, appropriating money
for the suppression of Indian hostilities, less
unfortunate than those of the honorable gentle-
man from Vermont. Whatever is said in excuse
or justification of the Indians in their barbarous
conduct to our fellow-citizens, certainly cannot
be calculated to restrain their hostilities-, arid
there were, on the occasions referred to, indi-
viduals of that race in this city, and it may have
been within hearing of their voices, entertaining
no feelings of kindness to the Government or
people, and capable, if so inclined, of spreading
horror and destruction throughout the borders
of more than one of the southern States. In
defense of the plan of Indian emigration, by
which the enlightened humanity and wise fore-
cast of the present Administration of this Gov-
ernment has been so eminently distinguished, it
may not be improper to make a very few brief
observations.
When that Administration came into power,
seven years ago, it found a partial system of In-
dian colonization west of the Mississippi in oper-
ation , partial, not in withholding its benefits from
any tube which might desire to eii]oy them, but
only inasmuch as it embraced but a poition of
the tribes then lesiding east of the Mississippi.
The pi mcipil of these were a portion of the Creeks
and Cherokees, to which have been since added
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, with numerous
smallei bands, together with a treaty in 1832 con-
templating the íemoval of the remaining and
greaterportionoftheCreeks;andlately the tieaty
with the Cherokees, to provide for the fulfillment
of which the present appiopnation is asked at our
hands Within the last six or seven years, the
policy of removing and colonizing the Indians in
the States east of the Mississippi, to the west-
ward of that river, in a region remote fiom the
habitation of the white man, has been among the
topics of universal and bitter discussion from one
end of the Union to the other. Noi on any other
subject has the course of General Jackson's ad-
ministration been more violently or unjustly as-
sailed And here I take leave to say, that so far
from Indian hostilities having been provoked,
either by the negligence or injustice of that ad-
ministration, they may, with much greater justice,
be ascribed to the political philanthropy, so loudly
and pharisaically displayed by its political oppo-
nents; and I will further say, that should war
arise on the part of the Cherokees, the sin of it
lies not at the door of this Administration, or Us
supporters
It may not be amiss to inquire briefly into the
history of Indian emigration west of the Missis-
sippi. If I am notgieatly mistaken, one of the
motives which induced Mr Jefferson to desire
the annexation of Louisiana to the United States
was the prospective removal of the eastern Indians
to its remote and uninhabited regions. Certain
it is that in January, 1809, when addressed by a
Cherokee delegation on that subject, he encour-
aged their examination of the country high up on
Arkansas and White rivers, and promised to aid
them in their emigration to it, if they should
desire to remove, after having explored it. It is
believed that a portion of the tribe did emigrate
to that country not long afterwards Within the
first year of Mr. Monroe's administration, the
year 1819, a treaty was made with the whole
tribe providing for the emigration of such portion
as might wish to join then brethren west of the
Mississippi, and ¡f the terms of that treaty had
not been materially changed by another entered
into in the year 1819, there can be but little doubt
that a much larger number would have done so.
But it may be answeied that so far the Govern-
ment had not entered upon any general system
upon this subject; and that, in the partial emi-
grations which had then taken place, it rather
followed than attempted to lead the inclination
of the Indians However this may hare been,
the whole aspect of the question was changed by
the special message communicated to Congress
by Mr. Monroe, on the 27th of January, 1825,
in which he stated that it had long occupied the
attention of the Government, and recommended
a general plan of Indian emigration and coloniza-
tion west of the Mississippi, accompanied by an
elaborate report of the Secretary of War on the
subject. But a short period of Mr. Monroe's
term of service then remained unexpired; but he
did not go out of office until he had communi-
cated to the Senate the treaty of the Indian
Spring, of February ef the same year, which
provided, among other things, for an exchange
of territory, and the removal of such of the Creek
Indians as might desire it, beyond the Missis-
sippi, and the operation of which treaty was
arrested by his successor, in the manner I have
already stated.
In 1826 an arrangement was made by the then
Chief Magistrate for the removal of a portion of
, the Creeks to the west of the Mississippi; and
in 1828, a treaty with the Cherokees of the West,
I which looked to the same object    Thus it ap-
| pears that, although by the act of Congress passed
