1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Bank Charters—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the several State Legislatures?    Sir, why not li
the people's money stay in their own pockets, 1
let!
pockets, to
be by themselves"expended as they may think
proper? The people are hwnbvgged, find many of
them are deceived in this matter. Sir, I go for
Werin? ttrn until the revenue shall be trimmed
down t<> the Government standard. Let the issue
be fmrly made before the people, and there can
be no e.mhlv doubt as to their decision.
Sir, <said "Mr. B.,) the freemen of this country
never will consent to yield to any " system" of
taxation that will impose Greater burdens upon
the tax-paying community, than what may be
needed for the legitimate purposes of the Govern-
ment. The people want no siirjiiits in the Treas-
ury above what may be necessary to meet any
emergency that might happen in the event of a
war with any foreign Power, or with the Indian
tribes within our own borders. Above this, the
potktts of the people are the safest repositories
for their own money. Sir, I am opposed in loto
to the project of raising any amount whatever of
snrj>/uJ revenue for distribution among the several
States of this Union. Sir, the principle of high
taxes is aitfi-republ'rcan, and will not be sanc-
tioned by the people. The question should not
be as to what shall be done with the surplus rev-
enue, but it should be as to what shall be done
to relieve the people from an unjust and oppres-
sive system of taxation by the General Govern-
ment.
NAVIGATION OF THE HL'DSON RIVER.
REMARKS OF HON. A. VANDERPOEL,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 23, 1836,
Oa the proposition to appropriate $900,000 for continuing
the improvement of the navigation of the Hudson river.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that though it was
his misfortune to belong to the State of New
York, (for misfortune indeed it seemed to be in
relation to appropriations,) yet, in regard to this
appropriation, he could safely say that he was
entirely disinterested. Nay, he could go a step
further, and avow that if he had any direct inter-
est, (for the interest of his constituents was his
interest,) it was against the passage of the item
of appropriation now under consideration. The
whole of his district was below those portions of
the river which were proposed to be improved by
the appropriation under consideration. There
were also in his district towns whose interest
might be said, in some measure, to clash with the
interest of Troy and Albany, whose prosperity,
instead of being crippled, would be enhanced by
impassable obstructions in those parts of the
Hudson for which the proposed appropriation
vrasdesigned. Still,he couldnot, with the knowl-
edge he possessed of the justice and necessity of
making the appropriation, refuse to give it his
most ardent support.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Hawes] has told the committee that the attempt
to get this additional sum of $200,000 was a vio-
lation of the understanding which was had here
two years ago—when the original sum of $70,000
was appropriated.   For his part he (Mr. V.) had
no recollection of any such promise or pledge.
Though he was silent on that occasion, he took
a very lively interest in everything that transpired
relative to that appropriation; and had any such
promise or pledge been given, he would most !
probably have remembered it.   He flattered him- I
self that he could show most satisfactorily that '
his friend from Kentucky was entirely mistaken !
in the idea that there ever was an understanding
or promise that the sum of $70,000 was all that ;
would ever be required or asked for.   This sup- '
position was entirely inconsistent with the record. '
The very phraseology of the act of 1824 virtually j
and most effectually contradicted it.    That act .
provides that the sum of §70,000 be appropriated ,
" tcneards" the improvement of the Hudson river, >
" according to the plan reported by the War Depart- J
menl in lfc.12."   Now, unless the honorable gen- j
tleman could show that the estimate of this plan, |
to which the act referred, did not exceed the sum j
of f70,000, then he could not surely succeed in II
showing that Congress, when it passed the act I
of 1834, intended to limit the expenditure for this '
object to the sum then appropriated. The plan
of the War Department, to which the act refers,
was, to all intents and purposes, part of the act.
It adopts the plan, and commits the Government
to such expenditures as shall be necessary to
carry it into execution. Gentlemen need only
refer to the documents of 1832 to be convinced
that the plan referred to in the act of 1834 was
not satisfied by the appropriation of that year;
and it therefore irresistibly resulted that his hon-
orable friend, in the supposition that we were
violating any pledge in asking for this appropri-
ation, \sr>s entirely mistaken.
Another objection had been urged to this ap-
propriation by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Evans.] He says that it does not come from the
right committee; that, so far as it regards any
portion of the river except the " overslaugh," it
was a new work, and therefore the Committee on
Commerce, and not the Committee of Ways and
Means, ought to have taken cognizance of the
subject. In this point he (Mr. V.) was very con-
fident that his honorable friend from Maine was ;
also entirely mistaken. Let him look at the plan i
of 1832, to which the act of 1834 refers, and upon
which it is founded, and he will find that it con-
tains detailed estimates of the expense of clearing
out not only the overslaugh, but also the obstruc-
tions between Albany and Troy.
He fancied that his friend from Maine adhered
now with so much tenacity to the " overslaugh"
on account of some reminiscences and associa-
tions of a political character. The members of
that party to which the honorable gentleman be-
longed had secured to it a most extended and im-
mortal fame. They had chanted its horrors and
the sin of a distinguished Senator, who had voted
against an appropriation to clear it out because
it was in bad company, both in prose and in
poetry. They had honored it with a cognomen
of which it might well be proud. "Marcy sfarm"
and Marcy's " inexpressibles" formed a politi-
cal stock by means of which that party to which
it was the pride of his friend to belong hoped to
revolutionize the Empire State. They were talis-
manic words by which alone thousands were to
be lured to the standard of bank Whiggery; and
it was not, therefore, surprising that they should
have made so indelible an impression upon the
mind of the honorable gentleman from Maine as
to have induced the oblivion of every other lo-
cality in or about the Hudson. He would tell his
honorable friend that there were most assuredly
other obstructions in the river besides the farm
of Governor Marcy; obstructions, too, which this
Government, by the act of 1834, stands pledged to
remove.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hawes]
cannot see why this river should receive the care
and munificence of this Government in preference
to hundreds of other streams that he could men-
tion. Let the gentleman return home by the way
of Albany, the Erie canal, and the lakes, and then
he will be prepared to answer this question with-
out further aid. Is it for New York alone that
this appropriation is asked ? No, sir. It is for
that immense and rapidly growing West, whose
abundant productions flow down the Hudson to
your greatcommercial emporium. If itbe possi-
ble for the mind to conceive a work which is
national in contradistinction to one that is local,
this is emphatically that work. Ohio, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, are all
directly interested in the improvement contem-
plated by the proposition now under considera-
tion. The North river is the great thoroughfare
for the western world; and tell me not that this
work is to be assimilated to a plan of improving
some little stream or rivulet, by means of which
an extent of country of only forty, fifty, or even
a hundred miles is to be benefited. The incon-
veniences to which the constituents of many west-
ern gentlemen are exposed, by means of the ob-
structions in the Hudson below Albany,are well
worthy of their serious consideration. There
are many gentlemen here who have beheld no
less than twenty or thirty, perhaps forty vessels,
lying at one time on the overslaugh. A mer-
chant from Ohio or Chicago purchases his goods
in New York, and makes his calculation to ex-
pose them for sale in his store in a given number
of days after he ships them at the place of pur-
chase. The vessel containing them is grounded in
the Hudson,and detained there until an extraor-
dinary tide floats her again; and by this means
all the sanguine hopes of your western merchants
are frequently frustrated—all their confident cal-
culations are constantly baffled. Are these not
evils that will merit the attention of the repre-
sentatives of this great nation?
Nor, sir, is the West alone interested in the
improvement of this great arm of the sea. The
East, and most particularly the constituents
of the honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Evans,] have a deep interest in the matter. The
North river is literally whitened, at particular
seasons of the year, with the sails of eastern ves-
sels, who carry on with Albany and Troy a most
profitable trade and barter. They exchange the
treasures which their enterprise draws from the
deep for the corn and breadstuff that descend the
great canals of New York. "Easternmen," as
they are termed in nautical parlance, are every-
day objects on the bosom of the Hudson; and
let me tell my friend from Maine that, with all
the " cuteness of the Yankee nation, they can-
not escape the bars and shoals of the overslaugh.
They are pretty sure to get aground; and should
some of them hereafter be doomed to the annoy-
ance and vexation of a week's detention there,
they will not be apt to recur with much compla-
cency to those scruples which deterred the rep-
resentatives of the people from contributing
enough of our overflowing Treasury to remove
this annoying impediment in one of the great
arteries of the nation.
Mr. V. said that no gentleman could fairly pre-
tend that this was not a national work. The com-
merce of this river is second in magnitude and
importance only to the Mississippi. No other
river in the Confederacy could come near com-
peting with it. It is.an arm of the sea, and at
the very point where obstructions are proposed
to be removed the tide ebbs and flows. This
Government has extended its custom-house laws
and regulations over it, and established ports of
delivery both at Albany and Troy. Every vessel
that navigates it—every vessel at least that has
capacity enough to be grounded on the bars which
are proposed to be removed—sails under your
license, and pays your exactions for this privi-
lege. Will you, then, exercise jurisdiction over
it; will you draw revenue from those who float
upon its waters, and yet do nothing towards im-
proving it? Give us the license money, the cus-
tom-house fees, which all the vessels that have
been detained by these obstructions have paid
you, and, my word for it, we would have enough
to remove all impediments and difficulties. He
would put it to honorable gentlemen, no matter
how far their constitutional objections to inter-
nal improvements extended, was not this river
worthy of the care, the aid, and the patronage of
this Government?—a river up which nearly, or
quite, one fourth of the imports of this country
ascends to the points of their consumption; and
down which at least one fourth of the surplus
agricultural productions of the nation flows.
Does not this gigantic and all-important arm of
the sea, from which you directly and indirectly
derive such formidable revenues—over whose
navigation you exercise control—does not such a
river urge an irresistible claim to your care,your
patronage, and even munificence? He had no
doubt that the vote about to be given would show,
that while a majority of this House appreciated
its importance, they would yield to its most just
and reasonable claims.
DISTRICT BANK CHARTERS.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In the Senate, June 7, 1836.
The bill to recharter certain Banks in the District of
Columbia being under consideration,
Mr. BENTON rose to oppose the passage of
the bill, notwithstanding it was at the third
reading, and that it was not usual to continue
