1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Charier Banks—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
they had «rone sadly and rapidly down the road
to nun. that thev had wasted and sunk about
one half tlieir capital, and had locked up in per-
manent loans to friends, in real estate, in stocks,
in mortsasps, in debts sued foi, and in accommo-
dations to non-residents, nearly the whole amount
of the remaining half so that a mere modicum,
a fragment of the half of the capital now sup-
posed to be remaining, would alone remain dis-
posable and available as active capital for the use
of the community To charter banks for two
millions and a quarter, thus reduced and cramped,
thus fettered and c!o?ged, thus preoccupied and
preeojajed, thus whittled hway to nothing, was,
not ti create public institutions, but mnelv to
perpetuate old monopolies and inveterate abuses
in the hands of ht.lf a dozen knotsand clusters of
individuals.
Mr B objected to the material of which the
capital of these banks imsrht consist. In five of
thorn it was to be composed of specie, and /iwoN
ttfuiralent to soecie; and in the ih w one proposed
to be constituted out of the two old ones, the
capital was to consist of specie, and of specie
jMtdi, and of property equivalent to specie; the
nrooortion of either not fixed. He repudiated all
idea of this composition ot capital, even if the
Proportions of specie, paper, and property had
een fixed. But it was not; and the terms of the
charter might be satisfied by putting up a five
cent piece in silvei, and the rest in stocks, or
«Lock notes, or notes of other banks, or bills of
exchange, real or fictitious, or in any kind of
reil or personal estate which the laws of the
District reoogmzed to be property. Certainly
Siaves were the best property in the District;
they were most easily exchanged for money; and
ns the remrt of the committee acknowledged
the necessity of giving solid foundations to their
litter of banks, and limited the property part
of the capital to that kind of property which
was " altogether" equivalent to specie, the infer-
ence mi^ht be drawn that slaves were intended.
He would not, however, draw that inference.
It was sufficient that the charter allowed prop-
krtt and paper to constitute a part of a capital;
this was a fatal concession in his view, and he
would have no act nor part in the creation of
institutions so to be constituted.
Mr. B. oDjected to the amount of capital to be
granted to these banks, upon the ground that the
District of Columbia was unable to raise two
millions and a quarter of dollars to sustain them.
This (he said) was confessed in the bill; for it was
evidently on the known inability of the District
to raise the amount in gold and silver, that paper
and property were to be received as capital. But
«t needed not the confession of the bill to establish
the fact. Our own tables were loaded, our own
«•are were filled, oor recent legislation was preg-
nant with the proof. What have we been peti-
tioned to do for the last twelve years ' First, to
allow the District to bonow money in Europe!
What next' Why, to pay the interest on that
loan' And what next' Why, to pay the prin-
cipal also1 And we have done it! Paid both
principal and interest on the loan which we author-
ized, and that under the loud and incessant cry
< f insolvency' under the reiterated, solemn, and
persevering declaration that they could pay neither
principal nor interest, and must be sold to the
butch if Congres  did not assume their debt'
Under these moving appeals-Congress has inter-
posed, and becomes paymaster for the Holland
debt, both principal and interest, and scarcely is
this done, before these same cities want charters
for banks—for two millions and a quarter of banks
—and authority to issue currency, and to infest
the land witk two millions and a quarter of bank
notes.
Mr. B. took a higher ground of objection to the
amount of the proposed capital of these banks;
and that was, that the District could not use it if
it had it. They could lend it, he would admit;
but he denied that the borrowers could use it.
They could not use or employ $2,250,000 of
ioans and currency, and that of itself, without
looking to the supply of currency which they
daily receive from the Government expenditures,
and from the influx of visitors. This was not
matter of assertion and guess, but of calculation
and science. The amount of currency employable
in any community was a matter of business, and ||
not of legislation.    It was governed by the laws
of trade, and not by the laws of legislative bodies.
It depended upon principles, and not upon arbi-
trary regulations; and it was in vain to give a
community moie currency than could be em ployed
in their cunent business     The excess would go
off; and  if it was a mixed currency, the gold
would go fiist, the silvei next—bank notes only
would remain.    This was the immutable law of
currency, and there were asceitaintd principles
in the science of political economy, which would
enable any infoimed man to arrive at p actical
results, and to say, with sufficient piecision, what
amount of currency any community could use,
and ou<;ht to possess.    There are data by which
to calculate this amount.    One of these data is
found in the total amount of the annual payments
of the community; for it is known that the tenth
part of the amount of the annual paymehts is
sufficient for the amount of currency.    Another
of these data is found in the amount of popula-
tion, and the extent and actnity of their business;
fourteen and fifteen dollars per head being found
sufficient in England and in Fiance,and four dollars
per head being sufficient in Russia.  Try the Dis-
trict ofColumbia by either of these cntenons,and
the improvidence of these charters for $2,250,000
of currency will strike every imagination.   First,
its annual payments    They cannot amount to ten
times the amount of these charters ' much less to
ten times that amount, with the amount put into
circulation here by the Government, and by vis-
itors into the bargain'  Next, try it by the popuh-
tion    The census of the Distuct gives forty thou-
sand souls, slaves inclusive.  This, upon the basis
of the French and English supply, would requiie
about six hundred thousand dollars; but the Dis-
trict of Columbia had not the commerce, manu-
factures, and agriculture of France and England,
and could not employ as much currency.    Four
hundred thousand dollars would imply annual
payments to the amount of four millions; and
that by the population of the District is certainly
beyond the amount of the payments made in
these ten miles square exclusively of the Govern-
ment, and those who  receive their supply of
money from the Government.  Be this as it may,
assume it at what you please, and there  is no
need for banks of circulation here.   The Gov-
ernment pays out above a million annually, and
is now paying that in gold and silver; visitois
are supposed to pay out near half a million more;
so that here is nearly thiee times as much cur-
rency annually furnished to the District as it can
use or employ; and hence results that there is
not the slightest pretext for an increase from do-
mestic banks.    The District needs no banks of
circulation '   Banks of discount and deposit, to
make loans, keep money, transfer credits, and
deal in exchanges, with a law to exclude from
the District bank notes of less than twenty dol-
lars issued elsewhere, are wanted; but no banks
to issue paper money are wanted     The District
needs no such banks-,  and as for the  Federal
Government.it needs none hereof any kind. The
Treasurer ought to keep and pay out the public
money here.     Public money, at this  place,
SHOULD NOT FE A FUND FOR MAKING I OANS.
Mr. B. said he had wished to have been on a
select committee for the charter of these banks,
he wished to have revived the idea of a bank
I without circulation, and to have disconnected the
Government from the banking of the District.
He had failed in his attempt to raise such a com-
mittee, and, as an individual member of the Sen-
ate, he could now do no more than mention in
debate the ideas which he would have wished to
have ripened into legislation through the instru-
mentality of a committee.
Mr. B said he had demonstrated that no bank
of circulation ought to be authorized in this Dis-
trict, and he would add that none to furnish cur-
rency, except of large notes, ought to be author-
ized anywhere; yet what are we doing' We are
breeding six little corporations at a birth to issue
$2,250,000 of paper currency; and on what terms?
No bonus; no tax on the capital; none on the
circulation; no reduction of interest in lieu of
bonus or tax; no specie but what the stockhold-
ers please to put in; and no liability on the part
of the stockholders for a failure of these corpora-
tions to redeem their notes and pay their debts.
This is what we aie doing; and now let us see
what buidensand taxes thise six corporations
will impose upon the business pait of the com-
munity—the pi oductiveclasses among which they
art. to be peipptuated     Tnst, there is the sup-
port of these six coipoiaton governments, for
tveiy bank must have a government, like a State
or kingdom, and the persons who admimstei these
coi potation governments must lie paid, and paid
by the people, and that, accoiding to rates fixed
by themselves, and not by the people.    Each of
these six banks must lia\e its pie&ident, cnsluer,
clerks, and messengcis, us notiry public to pio-
test notes, and its attorney to bung suits.    The
aggiegate salaries, ftes, and peiqu sites of all these
officeis of the six banks, will be the first tax on
the people.    Next comes the profits to the stock-
holders.    The net profits of banks are usually
eight to ten per cent, at present, the gross profits
ate several per cent, more; and the gross profits
are what the people pay.    Assuming the gross
profits to be twelve per cent, and the annual levy
upon the community will be about $270,000.  The
third loss to the community will be on the fluctu-
ations of prices of labor and property, and the
rise and fall of stocks, from the expansions and
contractions of currency, produced by making
money plenty or scarce, as it suits the interest of
the bank managers.    This item cannot be calcu-
lated, and depends entirely upon the moderation
and consciences of the Neptúnea who preside
over the flux and reflux of the paper ocean, and
to whom all tides, whether of ebb or flow, and
all conditions of the sea, whether of calm or storm,
are equally welcome, equally auspicious,  and
equally productive.  Then come three other heads
of loss to the community and profit to the bank;
loss of notes, from wear and tear, counterfeits
imposed upon the people for good notes, and good
notes rejected by the banks for counterfeits; and
then the loss to the holders fiom the stoppage
and failure of banks, and the shaving in of notes
and stocks.    Such aie the burdens and taxes to
be imposed upon the people to give them a paper
currency, when, if the paper currency was kept
away, and only large notes used as in Fiance,
they would have a gold and silver currency with-
out paying a tax to anybody for it, and without
I being subject to any of the frightful evils result-
ing from the paper system.
C-n this point Mr. B. wished to have the benefit
I of authority superadded to the weight of reason;
he wished to have the voice of others added to
his own; and for that purpose he would have
recourse to the pages of our early history, and
quote the opinions of those who made head
against the paper system at its first introduction
into oui country, and whose predictions then
have long since been converted into history. He
spoke of the wise men who opposed the est iblish-
mentof the Bank of the United States in 1791, and
would use the summary of their argument on this
head, as he found it collected and embodied in the
Life of Washington, by the late Chief Jus-tice
Marshall.    He read from vol. 4, page 346.
'■The banishment of coin would be completed by ten
millions of piper money in the form of bank bill- which
were then i««uing into circulation Nor would this be the
only mischief resulting from the institution of the bank.
The ten or twelve per cent, annual profit, paid to the
lenders of this papei medium, would be taken out ofllie
pockets of the pi opte, who would have had, without
interest, the coin it was banishing "
Mr. B. wished that this brief paragraph could
reach the eyes and the ears of every citizen of
the United States. He wished it was printed in
letters of gold, and fiamed, and hung up in every
citizen's house. More than that; he wished it
was planted in the heart, and engraven on the
memoiy of eveiy voter, and of every law-maker
in the Union. The single view that is here pre-
sented, independent of all other evils of a paper
currency; the single view of paper money ex- •
pellín" hard money, and then costing the people
ten orlwelve per annum, while hard money would
have cost them nothing, would certainly open the
eyes of all disinterested persons, and induce them
to unite with one voice to limit and íestrict a
currency unknown to the Constitution, injuiious
in so many ways, and crowning its evils by ban-
I ishing specie and taxing the community to sup-
I port itself.
