486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 7,
24th Covg....Ist Sess.
Mr B said that he was thoroughly opposed to
the banking system, especially as carried on in
the United States, where every bank was an issuer
of paper currency, but the evil had become too
laro-e, banks of circulation were too firmly fixed
upon the people, " thai were too sccuiely seated
m the saddle, booted and spurted," to be success-
fully met at present by direct opposition. Pal-
liatives, ameliorations, restrictions, limitations,
safeguards, something to lighten the burden and
to lessen the danger to the people, and to check
the onward march of the paper power, was all
that could now be attempted, and in that view he
had offered some amendments to the bill when
it was first under consideration, and would state
them again, and offer some reasons in their favor,
in the hopes that they might yet find favor before
the bill was finally disposed of. Mr. B. then
read his proposed amendments, modified in the
two particulars suggested by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Wright,] and contained in his
motion to recommit the bill, with instructions:
To report a bill to wind up the affairs of all the banks
now existing in the Districtof Columbia, and to allow them
to use their corporate name and lacultits for two year  for
that purpose,
To report separate bills for the incorporation of-------
new banks, with small capitals, adapted to the capacity of |
the District to sustain specie banks, and stnctlv limited to
the business of the place, the said corporations to contain,
among other provisions, the following principles
1   The capital to consist of gold and silver, one half of
each, stock, stock-note , notes of other bank , and every
thing but gold and silver to be excluded from the capital.
2   The banks to pay no bonus, but the stock to be subject
to taxation, like anyother property in the District the
notes issued by the banks to be subject to taxation
3  Every stockholder to be liable to the creditors of the
bank lor the debts of the institution, to the amount of his
stock, in the event of the failure of the bank to pay gold
and silver; with summary process for the recovery, and all
alienations of stock to avoid this liability to be void
4   The banks to issue no notes of less denomination than
twenty dollars; and all notes of les  denomination than
twenty dollars, issued by other banks, to be prohibited from
circulation within the District
5   All the notes and paper currency issued by said banks
to be paid in gold and silver, one half of either, at the
option ol the demander, the other half at the option of the
bank
6   The banks to own no real estate except for their
immediate accommodation.
7   To deal in nothing but gold and silver bullion, and in
foreign and domestic bills of exchange The charters to be
forfeited for selling any com made current by the taws of
the United States
8   The charters to be limited to moderate terms of years,
and to expire at difTerrnt periods fioni each other
9   The charter  to be alterable, amendable, and repeal
tibie, at the will of Congress, and not renewable under any
terms whatever.
Mr B gave his reasons for proposing each of
those ameliorations, and, fiist, as to the improve-
ment in foiming the capital of the banks This
•was a point at which all banks, old and new, now
needed attention. Three hundred millions of
banking capital within the United States were
reported to be paid in, and this payment could
only be made in specie, oi in what is called
"specie funds " At the same time it is well
known that the whole amount of specie in the
United States is between sixty and seventy mil-
lion of dollars, and that the banks have not got
the half of this in their vaults It results, then,
that if the bank1? possessed every haid dollar that
there is in the United States, it would not form
more than one fifth part of the^r capitah paid in,
so that the other four fifths must consist of what
is called " specie funds " This is a most indefi-
nite phrase, having no fixed meaning, or any
limitation upon the extent of its compichensive
giasp; it is generally, however, conceded to com-
prehend all the varieties of stock, fancy inclusive,
which can be sold in the market for money, all
the notes of all the banks which, for the time
being, pay specie, the stock notes of all the stock-
holders; the notes of the bank itself, after the
first installment, which can be lent to the stock-
holders on stock notes, and paid m for capital;
all bills of exchange, íeal or fictitious, which ale
' drawn in legal foim, so as to piesent the names
of drawers, payers, and indoiscrs, and finally all
sorts of paper secuuties which it is assumed can
be sold for specie Out of such " specie funds"
as these, it may be conjectured that near four
fifths of the capitals of the banks in the United
States must be nowcomposed, and, consequently,
that the banking system of the United States is
resting upon paper foundations, and that there is
District Charter Banks—Mr. Benton.
not specie enough in the whole Union by five to
one to convert these paper foundations into gold
and silver foundations ' And these banks issue
nearly all the currency which the people, the
State governments, and the Federal Government
use1 Such is the state of the currency under a
Constitution which recognizes nothing but gold
and silver for currency, and one of whose main
objects was to save the people from the curse of
paper money. To correct, in some degree, this
enormous and alarming evil, to provide at least
a specie basis for the banks which Congress
creates at the seat of Government, Mr. B was in
favor of limiting the capital to gold and silver,
and that in equal propoitions oft ach, m oidti to
insure a gold cuirency, as wtll as a silver cur-
rency, to the people. The advantages to the
country would be great from this írrlprovement in
the formation of bank capital. It would limit the
number of the banks, keep their capitals within
some bounds, make their foundations more solid,
prevent them banking on each other, and make
gold, as well as silver, a part of the capital of
every bank.
The next improvement which Mr. B. proposed
was the taxation of the capital, and also of the
circulation of the bank, in lieu of the composition
usually given under the name of bonus. Such com-
positions were always a deception and illusion,
for no bank would give a bonus except to get it
back, with a profit upon it; and, therefore, the
larger the bonus the larger the profits of the bank,
and the burdens of the people.    In the charters
now proposed,the bonus is dropped, which would
be right if anything was substituted; but nothing
is substituted for it1 and thereby the great privi-
leges and advantages which these charters vest in
the corporators are a mere gift and gratuity, freely
bestowed by the munificence, or improvidence,
of Congress, and that upon individuals who had
already enjoyed these privileges for twenty and
thirty yeais.   That bank capital should pay taxes
like any other property, is a pioposition too self-
evidently just to admit of argument   Bank capital
is more able to pay taxes than any other kind of
11 property, because it is a moneyed property, and
produces money, and that more readily and largely
than any other kind of propeity.    The composi-
I tions made by banks in the form of bonuses, is
' the acknowledgment of their obligation to pay
a tax, but it is unjust to the community to exempt
these corpoiations from taxes in exchange for an
inadequate and illusory bonus, which is always
.got back with usurious interest.   Every State
1 should tax its bank capital, not by composition
I before hand, but by annual levy; in many States
the proceeds of that tax would form a large item
in the annual income, and would lessen the bur-
den upon the lest of the community.    In this
District, the districtauthonties should have power
i  to tax the two millions and a quarter of bank
11 capital pioposed to be created, it should stand at
the head of the"list of its taxable propeity, and
at the present rate of taxation in the District,
i   which he believed was above a centón the dollar's
I  worth of propeity, the income  from this item
|   would be most sensibly and beneficially felt.
Taxing the circulation of banks was another
improvement which went hand in hand with tax-
ing the capital, and might be used foi two distinct
and  benrficiil puiposes fint, to raise revenue,
and, next, to suppress small notes.   The United '
States did not need revenue at present, and, there-
fore, might not resort to the taxation of bank
notes for eithtr object, but in 1813 and 1814 she
did need revenue, and did tax all the bank notes
[ issued in the United States.   It was done by a
stamp duty; with the privilege to each bank of
I  compounding for the tax in detail, by paying a
sum in gross   In England bank notes are taxed,
I  and have been for many years, and now yield a ,
handsome sum.    He (Mr  B ) had a note of the '
taxes paid by the Bank of England on its circu- ,
lation.for half a centuiy,some parts of which he '
would state, premising that acts of Parliament
imposed a stamp duty on the notes, with the
pnvilege of compounding for a gioss sum.    In
1791 the composition was ¿£12,000 sterling per
i  annum; in 1799 the composition was ¿£20,000 for
notes of five pounds and upwards, and ¿£4,000 for
notes less than five pounds, in 1804 the compo- i
sition was =£32,000, in 1808 it was ¿£42,000, and
Senate.
in 1815 it was ¿£94,500, or nearly half a million
of dollars. The mode of composition in England
was by paying so much (¿£3,500 after 1815) per
million on the average circulation of the pre-
ceding year. The sepaiate tax and separate com-
position, for notes under five pounds, was a
happyexpedientfor restricting and keeping under
that species of circulation, and, if adopted in the
United States, might effectually suppress all notes
under twenty dollars, or, what is better, under
one hundred dollars. Ihe States may do it at
once, for they all need revenue, and the United
States can do it, without question, whenever she
may need it, and that will be much sooner than
persons now suppose. The imposition of a tax
for the suppression of small notes has been ex-
pressly recommended by Mr Gallatin, and Mr.
B. would read a paragraph from his Essay on
Banks and Cuirency (1830) to that effect:
"Congress has power to lav stamp duties on notes, on
bank notes, and on any description of bank notes 1 hat
power has already been exercised , and the duties may be
laid to such an amount, and in such a manner, as may be
necessary to effect the object intended This object l  not
merely to provide generally for the general welfare, but to
carry into effect, in conformity with the last paiagraph of
the eighth section of the first article, those seveial and
express provisions of the Constitution which vest in Con-
gress exclusively the control over the monetary «\-tem of
the United States, and more particularly those which imply
the necessity of a uniform currency. The exercise of the
power for that object i  free of any constitutional objection,
provided the duties thus laid shall be uniform, and applied
to the bank of the United States as well as to the State
banks The act of laying and collecting the duties, which
is expressly granted, is alone sufficient to effect the object "
* * * "Congress may, if it deems it proper, lay a
stamp duty on small notes, which will entirely put an end
to their circulation It may lay such a duty on all bank
notes as would convert all the banks into banks of discount
and deposit only, annihilate the paper currenoy, and render
a Bank of the United States unnecessary in reftrente to
that object."
Mr. B. said that these were most important and
most cheering suggestions. They showed that
it was in the power of Congress to regulate the
paper system of the whole Union, to hold all
the banks in check, to suppress what notes they
pleased; and he, for one, would wish to suppress
all under one hundred dollars, but must limit his
exertion, for want of co-laborers, not for want
of will, to twenty dollars. Mr. B. took a pleasure
in reminding the Senate that a Senator fiom Vir-
ginia, now again a member of this body, [Mr.
Rives,] had some years ago pointed to this
taxing power of Congress as the means by which
small notes could be suppressed, and the paper
currency of all the States completely regulated;
and he should be happy to follow the lead of that
gentleman in carrying into effect his wise and
patriotic suggestion.
A third impiovement which Mr B. had pro-
posed upon these charters was to make the stock-
holders liable, each' to the amount of his stock,
for the debts of the institution, on its failure to
pay specie The reasons for this liability were
strong and palpable. A man that owes should
pay while he has property to pay with; and it is
iniquitous and unjustifiable that a bank director
or stockholder should not in wealth while the
business pait of the community should hold the
bank notes which they have put into circulation,
and be able to get nothing for them after the bank
had closed its doors. Such exemptions are con-
trary to the lights of the community, and one of
the great causes of the failure of banks. A liabil-
ity in the stockholders is one of the best securi-
ties which the public can have for the correct
management and solvency of the institution. The
famous Scottish banks, which, in upwards of one
hundred years' operations, had neither once con-
vulsed the country with contractions and expan-
sions nor once stopped payment, were constituted
upon this principle. All the country banks in
England, and all the bankers on the continent of
Europe, were liable to a still greater degree; for
in them each stockholder, or partnei, was liable
individually for the whole amount of the debts
of the bank. The principle proposed to be incor-
porated in these charters strikes the just medium
between the common law principle, which makes
each partner liable for the whole debts of the
firm, and the corporation principle in the United
States which absolves each from all liability, and
leaves the pennyless and soulless carcase of a
defunct and eviscerated bank alone responsible
