1836.]                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       487
24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Charter Banks—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
to the community. Liability to the amount of j
the stock was an equitable principle, and with a
summary process for the recovery of the amounts
of notes and deposits, and the invalidity of trans-
fers of stock uinvoid this liability,would be found
a pood remedy for a great evil. If the stock-
holder in the three banks which Slopped pay-
ment in this city during the panic session had
been thus liable, the notes would not havo been
shaved out of the hands of the holders; if the
bank which stopped in Baltimore at the same
timf had been subject to this principle, the riots
which have atflictcd that citv, in consequence of
that stoppage, would not have taken place. In-
stead of these losses and riots, law and remedy
would have prevailed; every stockholder would
have been summoned before a justice of the peace,
judgment granted against him on motion for the
amount liehl by the complainant, and so on, until
all w*re paid, or he could plead that he paid up
the whole amount of his stock.
A fourth improvement which Mr. B. had pro-
posed, wa* to limit the notes issued by the banks
to the minimum size of twenty dollars, and to
exclude all notes under that minimum, issued by
other banks, from circulation within the District.
He confessed that he felt an extreme degree of
mortification in making a motion in theConeress
of the United States to limit the size of bank
notes, when this Congress was sitting here, and
field its existence by virtue of a Constitution
which recognized nothing for currency but gold
and silver; but he feared he might be subject to a
still greater mortification in witnessing the failure
of his motion, and the triumph of the paper sys-
tem over this small attempt to check one of its
greatest abuses. The limit of iwenty dollars was
the lowest that could be taken to accomplish the
great objects in view; and that limit was not as-
sumed arbitrarily, but from a careful observation
of the effect of different limits, in different coun-
tries, upon the nature and amount of the circula-
ting medium.
The great evils of a small paper currency are,
1. To banish gold and silver; 2. To encourage
counterfeiting; 3. To destroy the  standard  of ,
values; 4. To throw trie burdens and the evils of ]
the paper system upon the laboring and small
dealing part of the community.
The instinct of banks to Rink their circulation
to the lowest denomination of notes which can
be forced upon the community is a trait in the
system universally proved to exist wherever
banks of circulation have been permitted to give
a currency to a country; and the effect of that
instinct has always been to banish gold and silver.
When the Bank of England was chartered, in the
year 1694, it could issue no note less than ,£100
sterling; that amount was gradually reduced, by
the persevering efforts of the bank, to .£50; then
to d-20; then to ¿fl5; then to ¿flO; at last to £5;
and finally to jC2 and £\. Those last denomina-
tions were not reached until the year 1797, or
until one hundred and three years after the insti-
tution of the bank; and as the several reductions
in thesize of the notes, and the consequent increase
of paper currency took place, gold became more
and more scarce; and with the issue of the one
and two pound notes, it totally disappeared from
the country.
This effect was foretold by all political econo-
mists, and especially -by Mr. Burke, then aged
and retired from public life, who wrote from his
retreat, to Mr. Canning, to say to Mr. Pitt, the
Prime Minister, these prophetic words: "If this
btll for the one and two pounds is permitted to pass,
we shall nttersee another guinea in England." The
Dill did pass, and the prediction was fulfilled; for
not another guinea, half guinea, or sovereign, was
seen in England for circulation until the bill was
repealed two and twenty yearsafterwards! After
remaining nearly a quarter of a century without
a gold circulation, England abolished her one and
two pound notes, limited her paper currency to
five pound sterling, required all Bank of England
notes to be paid in gold, and allowed four years
for the act to take effect. Before the four years
were out, the Bank of England reported to Par-
liament that it was ready to begin gold payments;
and commenced accordingly, and has continued
them ever since. The one and two pound notes
in England correspond with the five and ten dol-
lar notes in the United States, and the five pound
note is only four dollars above our twenty dollars;
so that the analogy is perfect, and the effect must
be similar upon our fives, tens, and twenties, that
it was in England from the issue and suppression
of the one and two pound notes, and the limita-
tion to five pounds, with the compulsory obliga-
tion to pay in gold.
The encouragement of counterfeiting was the
next great evil which Mr. B. pointed out as be-
longing to a small note currency; and of all the
denominations of notes, he said those of one and
two pounds in England, corresponding with fives
and tens in the United States, were those to which
the demoralizing business of counterfeiting was
chiefly directed!  They were the chosen game of
the forging depredator! and that for the obvious
reasons that fives and tens were small enough to
pass  currently  among   persons  not  much  ac-
quainted with bank paper, and large enough to
afford some profit to compensate for the expense
and labor of producing the counterfeit, and the
risk of passing it!    Below fives, the profit is too
small for the labor and risk.   Too many have to
be forced and passed before an article of any
value can be purchased; and the change to be
got in silver, in passing one for a small article, is
too little.    Of twenty and upwards, though the
profit is greater on passing them, yet the danger
of detection is also greater.    On account of its
larger size, the note is not only more closely
scrutinized before it is received and the passer of
it better remembered, but the circulation of them
is  more  confined- to  business  men  and  large
dealers, and silver change will not be given for
them in buying small articles.    The fives and
tens, then, in the United States, like the one and
two pound notes in England, are the peculiar game
of counterfeiters, and this is fully proved by the
criminal statistics of the forgery department in
both countries.    According to returns made to
the British Parliament for twenty-two years—
from 1797 to 1819, the period in which the one
and two pound notes were allowed to circulate,
the whole number of prosecutions for counter-
. feiting, or passing counterfeit notes of the Bank
of England, were 998; in that number there were
313 capital convictions; 530 inferior convictions;
¡ and 155 acquittals; and the sum of ¿6249,900, near
a million and a quarter of dollars, was expended
by the bank in attending to prosecutions.  Of this
great number of prosecutions, the returns show
that the mass of them were for offenses connected
with the one and two pound notes.    The pro-
portion may be distinctly seen in the number of
counterfeit notes of different denominations de-
tected at the Bank of England in a given period
of time—from the 1st of January, 1812, to the
10th of April, 1818—being a period of six years
and three months out of the twenty-two years
that the one and two pound notes continued to
circulate.   The detections were, of one pound
notes,  the   number of 107,238;  of two pound
notes, 17,787; of five pound notes, 5,826; of ten
pound notes, 419; of twenty pound notes, 54.
Of all above twentv pounds, 35.*
The proportion of ones and twos to the other
sizes may be well seen in the tables for this brief
period; but to have any idea of the mass of coun-
terfeiting done upon these small notes, the whole
] period of twenty-two years must be considered,
and the entire kingdom of Great Britain taken in;
for the list only includes the number of counter-
feits detected at the counter of the bank, a place to
which the guilty never carry their forgeries, and
to which a portion only of those circulating in and
about London could be carried. The proportion
of crime connected with the small notes is here
shown to be enormously and frightfully great.
The same results are found in the United States.
Mr. B. had looked over the statistics of crime
connected with the counterfeiting of bank notes
in the United States, and found the ratio between
the great and small notes to be about the same
that it was in England. He had had recourse to
the most authentic data—Bicknell's counterfeit
detector—and there found the editions of counter-
feit notes of the local or State banks to be eight
* Of £1 notes.......107,238   Of £10 notes...........419
£2notes....... 17,787        £20 notes............ 54
£5 notes.......   5,826   All above £20 notes..... 35
HUNDRED AND EIGHTEEN", of which SEVEN HUN-
DRED and fifty-six were of ten dollars and
under; and sixty-two editions only wore of
twenty dollars and upwards. Of the Bank of
the United States and its branches, he found
eighty-two editions of fivev; seventy-one edi-
tions of tens; twenty six editions of twenties;
and two editions of fifties; still showing that
in the United States, as well hs in England, on
local banks as well as that of the United States,
the course of counterfeiting was still the fame;
and that the whole stress of the crime fell upon
the five and ten dollar notes in this country, and
their corresponding classes, the one anil two
pound notes in England. Mr. B. also exhibited
the pages of Bicknell's counterfeit detector, a
pamphlet covered over column after column with
its frightful lists, nearly all under twenty dollars;
and he called upon the Senate in the sacred name
of the morals of the country—in the name of
virtue and morality—to endeavor to check the
fountain of this crime, by stopping the issue of
the description of notes on which it exerted nearly
its whole force.
Mr. B. could not quit the evils of the crime of
counterfeiting in the United States without re-
marking that the difficulty of legal detection and
punishment was so great, owing to the distance
at which the counterfeits were circulated from the
banks purporting to issue them, and the still
greater difficulty, in most cases impossible, to get
witnesses to attend in person in States in which
they do not reside, the counterfeiters all choosing
to practice their crime and circulate their forger-
ies hi States which do not contain the banks
whose paper they are imitating. So difficult is
it to obtain the attendance of witnesses in other
States, that the crime of counterfeiting is almost
practiced with impunity. The notes under twenty
dollars feed and supply this crime; let them be
stopped, and ninety-nine hundredths of this crime
will stop with them.
A third objection which Mr. B. urged against
the notes under twenty dollars was, that nearly
the whole evils of that part of the paper system
fell upon the laboring and small dealing part of
thecommunity. Nearly all the counterfeits lodged
in their hands, or were shaved out of their hands.
When a bank failed, the mass of its circulation
being in small notes, sunk upon their hands. The
gain to the banks from the wear and tear of small
notes, came out of them; the loss from the same
cause, falling upon them. The ten or twelve per
cent, annual profit for furnishing a currency in
place of gold and silver, (for which no interest
would be paid to the Mint or the Government,)
chiefly falls upon them; for the paper currency is
chiefly under twenty dollars. These evils they
almost exclusively bear, while they have, over
and above all these, their full proportion of all
the evils resulting from the expansions and con-
tractions which are incessantly going on, totally
destroying the standard of value; periodically
convulsing the country, and in every cycle of five
or six years making a lottery of all property, in
which all the prizes are drawn by bank managers
and their friends.
In proposing the limitation of twenty dollars to
■ these District banks, Mr. B. of course coupled
Í with it the concomitant provision for the exclu-
i sion of all notes under the   same limit issued
. without the District.    This was a precaution as
'' just and natural as it was easy     A prohibitory
law, with a liability in every passer to pay the
amount of the notes, with costs and damages, in
specie,  and especially in gold, with  summary
process before a justice of the peace for the re-
covery, would effectually expel the interdicted
and pestiferous paper.                , ,.    .     ,
Mr. B. said that the proposed limit of twenty
dollars for the minimum size of bank notes was
not an arbitrary assumption or a fanciful designa-
tion, but was a limit ascertained by experience,
and proven by results, to be the lowest that would
suffice to accomplish the ends intended. These
ends are: 1. To reestablish the gold currency; 2.
To make gold and silver the common currency
for all the small dealings of the country; 3. To
extend and enlarge the specie basis of the paper
circulation; 4. To save the laboring and small
dealing part of the community from the effects of
contractions and expansions from bank issues;
