1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
:24th Cong....1st Sess.
District Charter Banks—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
for its brevity and precision, the statement of
Mr. Gallatin, (Dec , 1830,) in his Essay upon
Banks and Currency:
" For the «ame reasons, any accidental inequality in the
distribution oi the precious metals amonffst the several coun-
tries, in pro|x>rtu>rt to their respeeuve «ants, is promptly
and ea.-ih rt pain d ; and uny extraordinary duiiand Iroiu a
particular countrv nn t without difficult) or ^en-ihli alfect-
ini the price of"the metal required The «eneral «upplv or
stock on hand, is always guthcient to mee: such demand,
and ihe expulses and charges oi transportation are, on
sciouni ot tin- ¡inattr valut ol an equal hulk,tar less than
those nf m\ other coimnodm, hardh eier evocedme, in
time ot peace, one per cent on the value, even when
brought irum the mo-t distant countries of the civilized
world, During tlie lour year* which immediately lollowed
the rfUinptioii ol -pn ie payments in K.iigland, that occur-
nner oee ist.uit d an c^raordin.in ilfm mil of" more tlt.in
Tffsin millions sterling m ooi p. (about onk hunpked
millions or dollars, to be supplied in four years.) or
about rwkvrir-ioLa. million  ot dollars per annum ; being
three time-, as much as the annual supply of that niLtal;
•ind this demand was met wirmi'T «vy nirnc clty, or
SEIX1BLT ArrKCTINO THE HH E or OOLD "
Mr. B. held this testimony to be entirely con-
clusive of the perfect facility and extreme promp-
titude with which any commercial nation cm
supply itself with a gold currency. He would
quote from the same author a paragraph on the
meins of increasing the specie circulation of the
United Statt s:
'• Wi perceive but two means of enlarging the circulating
metallic currency • 1 The suppression of -.mall notes ; 2
The measures necessary to bring gold again into circula-
tion.
" The first measure is that which, after long experience,
a most deliberate investigation, and nofirirasfandm^ a
srreuiiotu opposition by the parties interested, has been
finally adopted and persevered in by the Government of
tireat Britain. By the suppression ot all notes of a denom-
ination le.-.i than live pounds sterling (twenty-lour dollars)
in Englmd, Wales, and Ireland, the amount ot the circu-
lating metallic currency has become equal to that of bank
notes of everv desenptioa. The metallic currency consists
of iiuht million  sterling in silver, (which is not a tender
in any pay mem exceeding tony shillings,) and iu twestv-
tvvo million^ .sterling in gold. This measure (suppression
of notes under five pounds) has given a better security
against fujctcations in the currency, and a renewal of
the si session ot specie payments,than had beenenjoved
during the thirl) preceding v ear . In France, where the
Hank of Frince i- alone authorized to issue hank notes,
and none m a d'-nomiintion less than five hundred francs,
its circulation ol notes hardly ever reaches ten millions
sterling, or about one ttntk part ol the currency ot the
country."
Mr. B. having read this paragraph from Mr.
Gallatin relative to the suppression of small notes,
to show the effect of the first step towards en-
larging the specie basis of the currency, also
referred to other passages relative to the next
slep, that of bringing back gold into circulation.
The only measure for restoring this metal, in
addition to the suppression of small notes, men-
tioned by Mr. Gallatin, was thai of correcting
the erroneous standard of our gold, that of fifteen
to one for silver. That has been done, and the
standard raised higher than proposed by Mr.
Gallatin; but the effect desired is not yet pro-
duced; gold is not yet in common and general
use. An additional measure is therefore neces-
sary, and that is a compulsory obligation on all
the banks to pay their notes in gold and silver,
one half each—the demander to have the first
choice, the bank the second. At the time that
Mr. Gallatin wrote, (ltí30,) three measures were
necessary to bring back gold into circulation: 1.
Suppression of notes under twenty dollars: 2.
Correction of the erroneous standard of gold;
and 3. Compulsory obligation on banks to pay
gold. One of these measures, a correction of the
standard, has been adopted, and has partially
restored gold; but its effect will be transient and
inadequate, unless the other two are added.
Mr. B. took his leave of this important and all-
essential point, the suppression of bank notes
below twenty dollars, with bringing to the mem-
ory of the Senate two most pertinent and weighty
recollections, one founded upon the action of the
Senate itself; the other on the recommendation
of Presiden t Jackson. Fou r years ago, at the veto
session, and when a modified recharter passed
both Houses in favor of the Bank of the United
States, the sum of twenty dollars was agreed
upon as the minimum size of the notes to be
issued under the renewed charter. The proceed-
ings of the Senate on this point appear thus in
Gales & Seaton's Regiaier of Debates for Mon-
day, the 28th of May, 1832:
" The Senate then again proceeded to consider the bill
to modify and continue the charter of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States. The question being on the amendments pro
posed by Mr. WtDsTtR, beiui; in substance
" 1st. That the Secretary of the TieoMiry, when directed
by the President, have the power to purchase additional
stock in the bank to an amount not exceeding $3,000,000;
and
-2d. That it shall not be lawful for tlie bank,after the
4th day of March, 1836, to issue any notes of a less value
than -----dollars.
'■ Mr. VVsasThRsaidafew words in defense of his second
amendment, which imposed no restriction until after the
expiration of the present charter. The etlect oi his propo
sition nould be to introduce more specie into circulation,
and to banish the small notes with which the country is
inundated. He moved to till the blank with ten dollars,
but expressed his willingness to vote lor a higher restriction
if am Senator should move It.
'•Mr Iifntov would pi opo-e twenty doll irs. He wished
the basis oi circulation throunhout the country to be in hard
money. Farmers, laborers, and market people, oueht lo
receive their payments in haid money. They ought not to
be put to the risk ot receiving bank notes m all their small
dealings Thev are no indues of uoodor bad notes Conn
teneits are sure to fall upon their hands; and the whole
business ot counterleiting was mainly directed to such notes
as they handle—those undt r twenty dollars.
'•Altera few remarks from Mr Foot and Mr. Chambers,
the question was taken on filling the hi ink with twenty
dollars, when it was agreed to; and the amendment, thus
shaped, wag concurred in."
This was one of the recollections which Mr.
B. wished to bring to the mind of the Senate; the
other was, that President Jackson, in his last
annual message to Congress, had fixed upon
twenty dollars as the minimum size of bank notes
which ought to be tolerated.
Mr. B. took this occasion to express his regret
that the true idea of banks seemed to be lost in
this country, and that here we had but little con-
ception of a bank, except as an issuer of currency.
A bank of discount and deposit, in contradistinc-
tion toa bank of circulation, is hardly thought of
in the United States; and it may be news to some
bank projectors, who sappose that nothing can
be done without banks to issue millions of paper,
to learn that the great bankers in London and
Paris, and other "capitals of Europe, issue no
paper, and, still more, it may be news to them to
learn that Liverpool and Manchester, two cities
which happen to do about as much business'as
a myriad of such cities as this our Washington
put together, also happen to have no banks to
issue currency for them. They use money and
bills of exchange, and have banks of discount
and deposit, but no banks of circulation. Mr.
Gallatin, in his Essay upon Currency, thus speaks
of them :
" There are. however, even in England, where incorpo
rated country hanks issuing paper are as numerous, and
have been attended with the same advantages and the same
evils as our country b inks,some extensive districts, highly
industrious and prosperous, i here no such bank does exist,
and where that want is supplied bv bills of exchange drawn
on London. This is the case in Lancashire, which includes
Liverpool and Manchester, and where such bills, drawn at
ninety days alter date, are indorsed by each successive
holder, arid eireulitc fhroii2h numerous persons before
they reach their ultimate destination, and are paid by the
drawee.''
Mr. B. greatly regretted that such banks as
those in Liverpool and Manchester were not in
vogue in the United States. They were the right
kind of banks. They did great good, and were
wholly free from mischief. They lent money;
they kept money; they transferred credits on
books; they boueht and sold bills of exchange;
and these bill, circulating through many hands,
and indorsed by each, answered the purpose of
large bank notes, without their dangers, and be-
came stronger every time they were passed. To
the banks itwas a profitable business to sell them,
because they got both exchange and interest. To
the commercial community they were convenient
both as a remittance, and as funds in hand. To
the community, they were' entirely safe. Banks
1 of discount and deposit in the United States, issu-
ing no currency, and using no bank note except
of one hundred dollars and upwards, and dealing
in exchange, would be entitled to the favor and
confidence of the people, and of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Such banks only should be the depos-
I itories of the public moneys.
It is the faculty of issuing paper currency which
i   makes banks dangerous to the country, and the
height to which this danger has risen in the United
States, and the progress which it is making, should
! rouse and alarm the whole community      It is
I    DES1ROTING AIL STAHDABD OP VALUE.      It 13 Sub-
n jecting the country to demoralizing and ruinous
fluctuations of price. It is making a lottery of
pioperty, and making merchandize of money,
which has to be bought by the ticket holders in
the great lottery at two and three per cent, a
month. It is equivalent to the destruction of
weights and measures, and like buying and sell-
ing, without counting, weighing, or measuring.
It is the realization, in a different form, of the de-
basement and arbitrary alteration of the value of
coins practiced by the kings of Europe in former
ages, and now by the Sultan of Turkey. It is
extinguishing the idea of fixed, modélate, annual
interest. Great duties are thus" imposed upon the
legislator; and the first of these duties is toievhe
and favor the class nf banks of discount and de-
posit; banks to make loans, keep money, trans-
fer credits on books, buy and sell exchange, deal
in bullion, but to issue no paper. This class of
banks should be revived and favored; and the
United States could easily revive them by con-
fiding to them the public deposits. The next
great duty of the legislator is to limit the issues
of banks of circulation,and make them indemnify
the community in some little degree by refunding
in annual taxes some part of their undue gains.
The progress of the banking business is alarm-
ing and deplorable in the United States.    It is
now computed that there are seven hundred and
fifty banks, and their branches, in operation, all
having authority to issue currency, and, what is
worse,  all  that  currency is receivable  by the
Federal Government. The quantity of chartered
bank capital, as it is called, is estimated at near
eight hundred million dolíais; the amount of this
capital reported by the banks to have been paid
in is about three hundred millions; and the quan-
tity of paper money which they are authorized,
by their charters, to issue, is about seven hundred
and fifty million dolíais.    How much of this is
actually issued can never be known with any
precision;  for such are  the fluctuations m the
amount of a paper currency, flowing from seven
hundred and fifty fountains, that the calculation
of one day cannot be relied upon for the next.
The amount of capital reported to be paid in is,
however, well ascertained, and that is fixed at
three  hundred million dollars.   This, upon its
face, and, without recourse to any other evidence,
is proof that our banking system, as a whole, is
unsolid and delusive, and a frightful imposition
upon the people.    Nothing but specie can form
the capital of a bank; there are not above sixty
| or seventy millions of specie in the country, and
of that the banks have not the one half.   Thirty
millions in specie is the extent; the remainder of
the capital must have been made up of thatunde-
finable material called " specie fund':," or "fund*
equivalent to specie," the fallacy of which is estab-
lished  by the facts already stated, and which
show that all the specie in the country put together
is not sufficient to meet the one fifth part of these
"specie funds," ot "fundi equivalent to specie."
The equivalent, then, does not exist! credit alone
exists; and any general attempt to realize these
" specie funds," and turn them into specie, would
explode the whole banking system, and cover the
country with ruin.    There may be some solid
and substantial banks in the country, and un-
doubtedly  there  are better and  worse  among
them; but as a whole—and it is in that point of
view the community is interested—as a whole,
the system is hnsolid and deitjsive! and tj>ert¡
is no safety for the country until great and radical
reforms are effected.
The burdens which these seven hundred and
fifty banks impose upon the people were then
1 briefly touched by Mr. B. It was a great field
I which he had not time to explore, but which
could not, injustice, be entirely passed by. First
there were the salaries and fees of seven hundred
and fifty sets of bank officers—presidents, cash-
iers, clerks, messengers, notaries public to pro-
test notes, and attorneys to sue on them; all these
had salaries,and good salaries,paid by the people,
though the people had no hand in fixing these
salaries; next, the profits to the stockholders,
which, at an average of ten per centum gross,
would give thirl)" million dollars, all levied upon
the people; then came the profits to the brokers,
first cousins to the bankers, for changing notes
for money, or for other notes at par; then the
gain to the banks and their friends on specula-
