490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. bright.
Senate.
tions in property, merchandise, produce, and
stocks, during the periodical visitations of the
expansions and contractions of the currency; then
the "-am from the wear and tear of notes, which
is so much loss to the people; and, finally, the
great ciiapter of counterfeiting, which, without
being profitable to the bank, is a great burden to
the people, on whose hands all the counterfeits
sink. The amount of these burdens he could not
compute; but there was one item about which
there was no dispute—the salaries to the officers
and the profits to the stockholders; and this pre-
sented an array of names more numerous, and
an amount of money more excessive, than was to
be found in the " Blue Book," with the Army and
Navy Register inclusive.
Mr. B. said this was a faint sketch of the bur-
dens of the banking system as carried on in the
United States, where every bank is a coiner of
paper currency, and where every town, in some
States, must have its banks of circulation, while
such cities as Liverpool and Manchester have no
such banks, and where the paper money of all
these machines receive wings to fly over the
whole continent, and to infest the whole land, from
their universal receivability by the Federal Gov-
ernment in payment of all dues at their custom-
houses, land offices, post offices, and by all the
district attorneys, marshals, and clerks employed
under the federal judiciary. The improvidence
of the States, in chartering such institutions, is
great and deplorable; but their error was trifling
compared to the improvidence of the Federal Gov-
ernment in taking the paper coinage of all these
banks for the currency of the Federal Govern-
ment, maugTi that clause in the Constitution which
recognizes nothing but gold and silver for cur-
rency, and which was intended forever to defend
and preserve this Union from the evils of paper
money.
Mr. B. averred, with a perfect knowledge of
the fact, that the banking system of the United
States, was on a worse footing than it was in any
country upon the face of the earth, and that, in
addition to its deep and dangerous defects it was
also the most expensive and burdensome, and
gave the most undue advantages to one part of
the community over another. He had no doubt
but that this banking system was more burden-
some to the free citizens of the United States than
ever the feudal system was to the villeins, and
serfs, and peasants of Europe. And what did they
get in return for this vast burden ? A pestiferous
currency of small paper! when they might have
a gold currency without paying interest, or suf-
fering losses, if their banks, like those in Liver-
pool and Manchester, issued no currency except
as bills of exchange; or like the Bank of France,
issued no notes but those of five hundred and one
thousand francs, (say $100 and $500;) or, even
like the Bank of England, issued no note under
five pounds sterling, and payable in gold. And
with how much real capital is this banking sys-
tem, so burdensome to the people of the United
States,carried on? About thirty million dollars!
Yes; on about thirty millions of specie rest the
three millions paid in, and on which the com-
munity are paying interest, and giving profits to
bankers,and blindly yielding theirfaithand confi-
dence, as if the whole three hundred millions was
a solid bed of gold and silver, instead of being as
it is, one tenth part specie, and nine tenths paper
credit!
Mr. B. said the reform of the banking system
was a task as difficult as indispensable. The
number and power of the banks was the first
great impediment; the quantity of independent
legislation was the next; but it had been shown
that the whole was under the power of Congress,
and that the Federal Government could, by the
collection of its own revenues, regulate the State
currencies, atid bring them all to the touchstone
of gold. The States themselves could effect the
regulation by direct legislation. It is no answer
to say, " we will if the rest will." Let one begin,
and let it exclude from its borders all the descrip-
tions of notes which its own banks are forbid to
issue; that State will immediately realize the full
benefit of its legislation, and others will soon
follow the example. If they do not, the benefits
to the reformed States will be none the less, but
the greater; they will be to the rest of the States
what France was to England during the reign of
the one and two pound notes—the absorbent of
their gold! Above all, (Mr. B. said,) the Con-
gress of the United States should begin first; that
Congress to whose guardian care is committed
the Constitution which recognizes nothing but
gold and silver for money; and here, in this Dis-
trict, where Congress sits, and has exclusive
jurisdiction, is the place to begin; and now the
time, when several banks in company have knocked
all at once at our doors, and demanded, twice
and thrice, renewed charters, without having
undergone the investigations which their past
conduct requires. Here is the place, this the
authority, and now the time to begin; and as we
now act, so will be the influence of our example, j
for good or for evil, throughout the entire extent
of the Union.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
SPEECH OF HON. SILAS WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Senate, May 27, 1836.
The bill to regulate the deposits being before the Senate,
and the question upon the amendment offered by Mr.
Wright as a substitute for the original bill, introduced by
Mr. Calhoun—
Mr. WRIGHT said, he rejoiced that this in-
teresting subject had at last come to its discussion
before the Senate; and he rejoiced still more to
see, as he thought he did see, a disposition upon
all sides of the House to consider the bill with a
sincere desire to agree upon a law which should
hereafter regulate the deposits of the public
moneys in the State banks. He would assure the
Senate that he entered upon the discussion with
the most earnest hope and intention that their
deliberations might be brought to a successful
termination, and that provisions might be agreed
upon which would not only meet the assent of a
large proportion of the Senators, but be satisfac-
tory to the country, and quiet the complaints and
remove the apprehensions which now surround
the subject.                                                             Í
Mr. W. said he ought further to inform the
Senate, before he proceeded with the remarks he
: had to make, that no pride of authorship could !
attach to him in the amendment he had offered.
: The sections which related to the regulation of
the deposits were the bill digested by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the last House of
Representatives, as he had been informed, and
supposed to be true, with the advice of the head i
of the Treasury Department, and was reported ;
to that House, but not acted upon. He did not |
himself profess a sufficient acquaintance with the !
subject to be able to frame a safe and proper bill
to regulate these deposits which would accom-
modate the Treasury, and at the same time be so
far consistent with the interests of the banks as
to induce their assent to its provisions. He had
not so minutely examined the provisions of these
sections as to be able to pronounce the opinion
| that they were, in all respects, right in them-
I selves, or preferable to others which might be
suggested. The two last sections of the proposed
amendment related to a subject distinct from the
regulation of the deposits, and had been added in
pursuance of recommendations made by the Sec- ¡
retary of the Treasury in his last annual report '
to Congress. They were, therefore, propositions
of the Secretary for the temporary disposition of
any surplus which mightremain in the Treasury;
and he had offered them to the Senate because they
met much more perfectly his views than any other
propositions for the disposition of that surplus
which he had heard from any other quarter. He
was not, therefore, the author of any portion of
the amendment he had presented; and his action ;
must not be considered as influenced by any such
relation to any of the provisions. He would go
further, and say that he was unconscious of feel-
ing any peculiar attachment to any of the propo-
sitions he had presented, and would most cheer-
fully yield them, and give his support to any
others which he could convince himself were
better suited to the objects all had in view.
Among those objects, it appeared to him that
the security of the public treasure must stand i
first. He was not among those who entertained
the least apprehension as to its entire security in
its present condition, but he was fully conscious
if further accumulations were to take place, that
a change of that condition would become indis-
pensable. His confidence in the safety of the
deposit banks, at the present time, was perfect,
but he could not fail to see that if the amounts ¡n
deposit went on increasing, a just apprehension
might soon be entertained that the capital and
means of the banks might not be adequate to
their immense responsibilities. Some indulged
this apprehension now, and he was desirous to
adopt measures which should not only arrest its
increase, but put an end to it for the future.
Another leading object in any action upon this
subject (Mr. W. said) must be the convenient
use of the banks as the fiscal agents of the
Treasury. And here it should be borne con-
stantly in mind that the Senate were attempting
to legislate in reference to institutions not existing
by the authority of Congress, not subject to the
control or direction of Congress, and in no way
to be affected by the action of Congress, in their
character of fiscal agents, any further than their
respective voluntary assents should bind them to
such subjection, and thus connect their interests
with the legislation of Congress. We were, in
effect, (Mr. W. said,) merely making proposals
to these institutions for a contract, in any law
we might pass, and it therefore became us, while
we performed scrupulously and rigidly our office
and duty as guardians of the public Treasury, so
far to regard the interests to be consulted upon
the other side as not to make our terms, or pro-
posals, such as must meet the refusal of the
banks, and thus deprive the Treasury of their
essential services. It was, in his judgment, the
wisest protection of the public interests to offer
to the deposit banks such terms as would make
it their interest to discharge promptly, honestly,
and faithfully, their duties to the Treasury, and
to keep carefully and safely the public moneys
intrusted to them; and he could not consent to
adopt any parsimonious policy which would so
tie down these banks as to compel them to make
an unsafe and hazardous use of the moneys in
deposit, to indemnify themselves against our
exactions. Such a course would be to draw the
most unsafe banks only into our service, and to
excite them to a use of the public moneys dan-
gerous to the institutions and insecure to the
public.
A third object, which should not be lost sight
of in the legislation under consideration, was a
healthful condition of the monetary system of the
country. Mr. W. said he could not for a mo-
ment doubt that the large accumulation of the
public revenues in the banks had done much to
promote the spirit of excessive speculation which,
during the past year, had seemed to pervade every
section of our vast country and every branch of
enterprise. The ten or eleven millions beyond
any former year, which had sought investment
in the public lands, must, to a very great extent,
have emanated from these reservoirs of surplus
funds. The year was one of plenty and profusion
in every department of trade and business, and
the capital of the banks, and in the banks, not re-
quired for the legitimate uses of commerce, must
seek other employment. Hence, accommoda-
tions were liberal and speculations ran wild; for,
rely upon it, (said Mr. W.,) those gentlemen ure
mistaken who have supposed, and have told us,
that banks lock up the money intrusted to their
keeping, and deprive the community of its use.
Such is not theTiature of these institutions. Such
is not their interest and soulless existences; their
interests are their only governing principle. The
fault is here. They will not keep money in an
unproductive state; and when the proper cus-
tomers of banks, those who require loans for
commercial purposes, when speedy returns are
certain, do not apply for their means, they will
loan them to those who are engaged in specula-
tions—to those who, it is known, intend to apply
the funds obtained to the purchase of property
not convertible to cash at pleasure, but depend-
ent upon casualties which render the use hazard-
ous to the stability of banking facilities. The
commercial community are, at this moment, ex-
periencing a severe pressure for money.    Is not
