1886.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
24th Cong.... Ist Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr.
Wright.
Senate.
th<> principal cause to be found here' Weie the ¡I
millions w luoh hav e been invested in speculations
upon leal estate, denved fiom bank accommoda-
tions, within tin eighteen months last past, to be
retur ltd within the reach of legitimate commer-
cial calls, does any one suppose the piessuie at
present existing would have been felt' Does any
one btlieve it would continue for one day ' In so
far as the great accumulation of the moneys ot
the Got eminent in the deposit banks may'have
promoted tbisspn it of speculation and encouraged
these 1 >ans, it i& the imperative duty of Congit&s,
when legislating upon the sub)ect ot the public
deposits, to dtviae some modt of correcting the
ex sting evil, and ot pieventing its recurrente in
future, lnouru^eot the ¡state institutions as the
fiscal agents of the Treasury, we should, so fai
as may be in our posv er, so i egulate that use as
to promote, not to disturb, the great moneyed
inti rests of the country,and the success and pros-
perity of commerce, which is our principal de-
pendence tor the revenues to be deposited-
With these preliminary remarks, Mr. W. said
he would proceed to consider, very  generally,
the bill and amendment, and to point out some
of the principal differences between the two pro-
posed measures. He should not, at this time,
enter into minute detail, but should confine his
remarks to those differences which he thought
highly essential.
The first he should notice was the liberty given
to the Secretary of the Treasury, by the amend-
ment, to select additional deposit banks The
provision, in terms, authorized an entire new
selection under the law, as those now used had
been selected when there was no law upon the
subject, but he was most happy to be able to say
to the Senate that he was not aware, nor did he
believe there was the least intention or desire on
the part of the Secretary, or of any one else, in
the execution of this power, to dismiss a single
one of the existing deposit banks. He did not
know or believe, that any bank now employed
was considered an unsafe depository of the public
money, or had failed in any essential particular
to perform its duties promptly and faithfully, as
a fiscal agent of the Treasury. He did believe,
however, that it the public moneys were to remain
in the banks, additional selections ought to be
made at some of the more important points. As
he was more particularly acquainted with the con-
dition of things in the city of New York, he
would confine his remarks to that point. Three
banks of deposit had been selected, and were now
employed in that city. Two of those banks were
by their charters restricted as to their amount of
loans-, and his recollection was, that the utmost
extent to which they could go was twice and a
half the amount of their capital stock. All the
other banks in the city and State of New York,
with very few exceptions, were subject to the
same restriction and limitation; and Mr. W.
said he did not doubt that the third deposit bank,
from the targe amount of its capital, and the
known discretion and safety of its directors, was
practically subjected to the same limitation.
Hence it would be apparent to all that an amount
of public deposits must frequently accumulate in
these three banks at that point, which, connected
with the capital and means of the banks them-
selves, would constitute a fund far beyond the
amount of loans tbey were at liberty to make.
What, he should be asked, is done with this sur-
plus' Is it not locked up without use to the banks
or the community' He was ready, as he be-
lieved, to answer the inquiries, and to say that it
is not locked up and kept from the use of that
commercial community. When such a state of
things is found to exist, those deposit banks suffer
balances to remain to their credit in the neigh-
boring banks of the city, noon which those banks
extend their loans. He could not say that there
were permanent arrangements between the banks
as to these balances, but he believed he could say,
with perfect safety, that they constantly existed
to a greater or loss extent, and that, in this indirect
way, all the deposits at that point were made to
constitute, as far as these deposits could propeily
bo made to constitute, capital upon which accom-
modations were extended to the customers of the
banks
The system, however, was, in his judgment,
very obiectionable. These balances, suffered to
remain in the banks not selected as deposit banks,
were, from the necessity of the cast, payable to
the deposit banks upon demand at their pleasure.
It gave them, theiefore, a command over the
neighboring institutions, which should not exist
but from an unavoidable necessity. If we so
in range the disposition ot the public moneys that
more banks than those now selected must be
employed to use them for the accommodation of
the business community, tin re is no íeason why
each bank should not be made puncipal in its
own use, and be responsible cluectly to the
Tieasury, and not indirectly thiough its neigh-
boring and perhaps rival institutions. Mi. W
said it gave him gieat pltasure to say that he had
never heard a charge of unfairness, or an unne-
cessary exertion of the power possessed by the
deposit banks in the city of New York over their
debtor banks, but theie was something invidious
in so limiting the number of dt posit banks there,
as to create the constant necessity of permitting
part of the public moneys on deposit to remain
in other banks, and be used by them, or to be
taken from use, and locked up in the deposit
banks. It added an unpleasant icsponsibility to
the deposit banks, because, by the arrangement,
they were compelled to be answerable, not only
for their own use of the moneys intrusted to
them, but for the use, by neighboring and rival
institutions, of portions of those moneys, and it
placed the neighboring and rival institutions,
which would consent to take and use any part
of these moneys, in the unpleasant position of
agents to their rivals, and so far subject to their
Cower and control. This state of things he
eheved ought not to exist, and either that the
amount of deposits in the banks ought to be
reduced to a limit within their chartered powers
of disposition, or that the number of deposit
banks ought to be increased to an extent which
should produce that consequence.
The bill introduced by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun} confined
the deposits to the existing deposit banks, and
contained a positive prohibition against the selec-
tion of others, except at points where the public
service might require it, and where there was
now no such bank. Of consequence the excep-
tion would not afford a remedy in the case he
had described, and he did not doubt that the
situation of New York must be substantially
that of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
many other similar points, where the principal
collections of the revenue were made. For these
reasons he preferred the amendment he had
offered to the original bill, so far as this difference
was concerned.
The next difference he proposed to notice was
the omission, in the amendment, of any provision
for the payment of interest upon deposits. This
omission, so far as hisaction was concerned, had
been made upon the assumption that some dis-
position, other than that of a deposit in the banks,
would be made ot any surplus of the moneys so
deposited, beyond the contemplated expenses of
the Government. Should this not be so, and
should the public moneys continue to accumulate
in the banks, without appropriation and expend-
iture, he was clearly of the opinion that the banks
ought to allow a reasonable interest for their use.
He was, however, so unwilling to make an in-
vestment of this description, because it held out
so directly, if not compulsonly, an inducement
to the banks to make a hazardous, if not improv-
ident, use of the money in deposit with them,
that he would not, at this stage of the proceeding,
discuss the principle involved, or express an
opinion as to any rate of interest which he might
think it proper to exact. He yet entertained the
strongest hope that the adoption by the Senate of
the proposition he had made for the investment of
any surplus which might be found to exist, would
entirely supersede the necessity of action upon
this proposition; and he took it for granted, if his
or any other of the several propositions for taking
the surplus from the banks, and placing it beyond
their reach, should prevail, all would concede that
the use of the moneys which would remain in
deposit would be no more than an equivalent
for the services required of the deposit banks, in
then characters as fiscal agents of the Treasury.
If none of those propositions should meet the
approval of the Senate, then he might be com-
pelled to consider, practically, some mode of
lequmng the banks to pay an interest upon the
deposits, and the rates of interest which should
be chaiged. He would not, however, at present,
anticipate the difficulties which would be found
to arise fiom any provision of this sort. A fui-
ther consideiation connected with this part of
the subject it became his particular duty to bung
to the notice of the Senate. He could not speak
as to other States than the one he had the honor
in pait to repiesent here, but the banks of his
State, as he had before remarked, weie limited in
the amounts they weie permitted to loan; and,
in the city of New Yoik, it happened, as he was
informed and believed,and would hereafter often
happen, that the amount of public deposits in the
deposit banks there would be greater, when added
to the capital and means of those banks, than
they could use by way of loans. Under the
present arrangement he had described the mode
in which the surplus of such deposits was made
useful and available to the mercantile community.
The system pursued, on the part of the deposit
banks, of letting balances stand to their credit in
the neighboring institutions, upon which they
could make loans, reached this great and useful
object, and the fact that these balances were per-
muted to remain without interest enabled the
banks thus accommodated to extend to their cus-
tomers neaily the same liberality which could be
extended by the deposit banks, were they per-
mitted to discount upon the same funds. But if
interest was tobe demanded of die deposit banks,
it was certain that they could not afford to suffer
these balances to remain with rival institutions
without interest. They could not afford to pay
interest upon funds, and give the gratuitous use
of them to their neighbors.
Interest (Mr. W. said) was the governing
principle of a bank, and no bank would consent
to pay interest and not receive interest; much less
to pay interest for the benefit of a rival bank.
The deposit banks, therefore, will not pay interest
to the Government upon the public deposits, and
suffer portions of the moneys in deposit with
them to remain, in the shape of balances, in
neighboring institutions, without interest. Can
they, then, Mr. President, permit them to remain
upon the payment of interest' No, sir; I think
they cannot. Balances suffered to remain, under
a stipulation to pay interest, would be loans in
effect, and loans within the meaning and intent
of the charters of the banks which should enter
into such a stipulation by way of addition to the
direct loans they are permitted to make. These
deposit banks will be sure to use directly so
much of the moneys intrusted to their care as
they are permitted by their charters to use; and
should more be deposited, it is impossible they
could pay an interest upon it, and not use it; it
is certain they would not pay an interest upon it
and permit others to use it, without interest; it is
shown that they could not lend it to others upon
interest, to be used as the basis for loans; and
therefore they could not consent to receive in
deposit a greater sum than they could use under
the powers granted in their own charters.
Here Mr. W. said he thought he had a con-
clusive argument to prove, either that an interest
upon the deposits ought not to be chaiged, or that
the number of deposit banks in the city of New
York ought to be so increased, that each bank
could use, by way of loans, all the money it should
be required to take upon deposit. He did not
oppose the plan of charging the banks with an
interest upon the deposits, in case amounts of
money beyond the current demands upon the
Treasury, were to remain with them; but if this
policy was to become the law of the land, he de-
sired that it might be practically applied, so that
the institutions and the Treasury might be able
to act together, in adopting.it This, he was
sure, could not be done, without the selection of
additional deposit banks at some of the important
points. He had stated the operation at New
York, and he did not doubt that the same conse-
quences, to a gieater oi less extent, would be
opeiativeat several of the other important points
where the collections of the public revenue were
large.   He must here again íemind the Senate
