492
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Wright.
_ [May 27,
Senate.
that we were legislating in reference to institu-
tions not subject to our legislation, and which
were to be made subject to it by their own volun-
tary consent; by a free, and full, and fair con-
tract, or not at all. It therefore became us to
offer to them terms which they could accept, and
not so to economize our own interests as to de-
prive us of the aids—important, if not indispen-
sable—of those fiscal agents of our Treasury.
For these reasons he preferred the amendment to
the original bill, because it gave to the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to select additional de-
posit banks, an exercise of which power would
be indispensable in case the principle of charging
interest upon the deposits should be made a fea-
ture of the deposit bill.
The only other principal difference between
the bill and amendment which he proposed to
notice was the different propositions for the
temporary disposition of any surplus of revenue
which might, from time to time, be found in the
Treasury. The bill offered by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina '[Mr. Calhoun]
proposed to deposit it with the States, without
interest, upon a mere statute pledge of repayment
of the principal when Congress should call for it.
The amendment offered by himself proposed
simply to invest it in the stocks and securities
issued by some one of the States of this Union,
bearing a fair interest, transferable at the pleasure
of the holder, and to authorize the Secretary of ;
the Treasury, or the commissioners of the sinking
fund, at any time when the wants of the national
Treasury should require it, to sell the stock so
purchased at its market value.
Mr. W. said it would be the purpose of his
remaining remarks to examine these different
propositions, and assign the reasons for his pref-
erence for the one be had submitted.
The proposition he had offered, equally with
that of the honorable Senator, [Mr. Calhotjn,]
rested upon the responsibility of the States, and
the investments were, by the terms of it, to be
confined to the stocks or other securities issued
by a State, and carrying upon its face a pledge
of the faith and credit of the State for the punctual
payments of interest and the final redemption of
the principal. It possessed an important advant-
age over the proposition of the Senator, in com-
manding for the money paid an actual and trans-
ferable security — a security which might be
converted into money at pleasure, without any
agency or interference on the part of the State.
It also secured a fair interest for the use of the
money while it should remain invested, and in
this respect seemed to him to be decidedly pref-
erable to the proposition of the Senator.
The Senator proposed to loan the money to the
States without interest, until wanted for the uses
of the public Treasury and actually called for upon
a given notice, and that, too, without any secu-
rity possessed by the Government which it could
use independently of the action of the States.
His only security was a legislative pledge, which
was worth nothing until made so by the further
positive action of the State Legislatures. Itmight,
and it might not, be convenient for them to re-
spond to the call of Congress for this money, and
all would admit that their pleasure must deter-
mine the question whether or not the money
should be repaid, as none would contend that any
power existed in Congress, or in any Department
of this Government, to coerce the fulfillment of
this legislative promise to pay.
But by whom, he would ask, was this call to
be made upon the States? By Congress; in other
words, by the representatives of the States here,
and by the representatives of the people of the
States in the other branch of Congress. The
States were to be made the debtors, and their
will, expressed by their representatives in Con-
gress, was to determine whether their respective
debts should be paid, and when and how that
payment should be made. This was the financial
policy of the proposition of the honorable Sena-
tor. This was the security to the national Treas-
ury to be offered for the almost countless mil-
lions, which the imagination of the Senator had
accumulated there, to be transferred to the several
State treasuries.
Mr. W. said, he here met an objection which
he must examine in a manner he hoped would be
satisfactory to all who would honor him with
their attention. He alluded to the objection that
the mode of investment he had proposed would
introduce into the financial operations of the coun-
try an extensive system of " stock jobbing;"
would make the Government itself a " stock job-
ber;" and would confound its fiscal agents with
««the bulls and bears of the stock market."
The objection was most seriously urged, and,
therefore, deserved a careful examination. He
hoped to be able to give that examination in a
manner so simple, clear, and intelligible, that
friends and opponents of the propositions would
be entirely satisfied that its rejection must rest
upon stronger ground than could be found in this
cabalistic scare-crow. In what securities did he
propose to make the investments? Insecurities
resting upon the faith and credit of some one of
the States of this Union. Were securities of that
character the subject of stock gambling? Would
any Senator rise in his place and say, that the
stocks ur other securities issued by his State, and
dependent upon its faith for their final redemp-
tion, were food for " the bulls and bears of the
stock market?" Would anyone contend that
securities of this character were to be classed
with the gambling stocks of the day ? Would it
be urged that the rise and depression of these
stocks in the market for the last ten years had
furnished the least indication that they were
affected by the movements of those whohadbeen
termed " the bulls and bears of the stock market?"
He was sure he might give a negative to all these
inquiries without contradiction here, and if so,
he must be permitted to say he considered the
" stock jobbing" objection most conclusively
answered.
He would ask, however, what were gambling
stocks in practice ? Were they securities like the
State slocks, defined and certain in every element
which could constitute value? Were they certifi-
cates, or bonds, for a given amount of principal,
payable at a given day, and at a specified place;
with a given rate of interest for the forbearance
of payment, also payable quarterly, half-yearly,
or yearly, at a given place named upon the face
of the security? Could stocks or securities of this
character become the subject of gambling in the
stock market, for any other cause than a doubt
as to the payments of interest and principal? And
was any one prepared to say that the faith of any
State of the Union, thus pledged, was matter of
doubt or uncertainty in the remotest degree ? He
thought not. Where, then, was the room for
apprehension as to stock-jobbing? The amount
of principal secured by the stock was liquidated
and certain; the day of payment was particularly
specified; the rate of interest was fixed, and the
place for the payments of interest and principal
was defined. Where, he would again ask, was
there room for gambling? for stock-jobbing ? for
the interference of the "bulls and bears," in
investments of this character? There was none;
and the history of these stocks and securities in
the market would show that they were entirely
exempt from influences ofthe disruption indicated
by the objection.
These stocks would experience fluctuations in
the market, but they were not the fluctuations
produced by stock gambling. When money was
plenty, and the legitimate calls of business did
not require all the means at the command of cap-
italists and money dealers, investments would be
1 sought in these safe stocks, and they would rise
in value. When, on the contrary, money was
scarce, and capital could be safely invested at a
much more advantageous rate than the usually
low interest paid upon these stocks, the stocks
would seek a market for a change of investment,
and the consequence would usually be a depres-
sion of price. These, and these alone, were the
causes of fluctuation in the price of the State
stocks; and who could suppose that these causes
would produce fluctuations so great as to deserve
, the  appellation  of " stock-jobbing," " stock-
' gambling," "an association with the bulls and
bears ofthe stock market?"
What, he would again ask, were gambling
stocks? They were stocks dependent upon future
and uncertain results. They were stocks as to
the value of which the judgment and the imagina-
, tion were the guides of the purchaser.   A bank
| is chartered, a railroad company is incorporated,
' or a canal is authorized to be constructed; a
stock is created and becomes the subject of pur-
, chase and sale in the market; but thereis no bank,
' no railroad, no canal, in actual operation. The
value of the stock is matter of calculation, con-
jecture, imagination. There are no dividends,
and therefore the rate of dividend is unknown;
, and estimate, calculation, judgment, or imagina-
tion, excitement, enthusiasm, as the case may be,
direct the standard of value of the stocks and
govern the sales. These are the stocks which
give rise to stock-jobbing; these are the gambling
stocks; these are the stocks upon which "the
bulls and bears of the stock market" act; these are
what have been denominated " the fancy stocks"
of Wall and Chestnut streets, and the other
great stock markets of the country. Would any
Senator, or any citizen of intelligence and ob-
servation, attempt to class these stocks with the
certain and specified securities issued by the in-
dependent States of this Union and guarantied
by their faith and credit? He was certain he
might answer no, and that answer must put at
rest forever this frightful " stock-jobbing" objec-
tion.
Anotheradvantage (Mr. W. said) to be derived
from the propositions he had submitted, and
which ought to commend them to the favor of
some portion ofthe Senate, was, that they were
antagonist to no measure of appropriation or dis-
tribution which had been, or which could be,
presented to Congress. If adopted, they would
merely actupon anysurplus moneys which might
from time to time be in deposit; they would, at
all times, regulate the amount of money in the
banks, and prevent the mischiefs experienced and
apprehended from an over accumulation of funds
there. They would remedy the evil which con-
stituted the principal subject of present complaint,
and would, at the same time, preserve the funds
within the entire control of the Treasury, in a
shape to be converted into money whenever ap-
propriations made by Congress should require
their use.
It was objected that there would be a want of
these stocks to absorb the millions which the
condition of the Treasury would present for
investment under the terms of the propositions.
His answer to this objection was double. In the
first place, he could assure the gentleman who
urged it, and the country, that the vivid and
fruitful anticipations of the financiers who had
predicted upon the amounts of surplus revenue,
would be most sadly-and greatty disappointed:
If Congress performed its duty during its present
session, and made such provision for the imme-
diate and permanent defenses of the country as
its condition and wants imperiously demanded,
the amount of our surplus money would not be
such as to alarm the statesman and patriot, or to
compel the fiscal ofh'cers ofthe Government to go
abroad for stocks in which they could invest it.
There might be a small surplus, but he thought
it would mostly consist of unexpended balances
of outstanding appropriations. Existing in this
shape, it might be found wise to make temporary
investments, in the manner proposed, but not in
amounts which would exceed the amounts of
State stocks in the market. In the second place,
the present amount of those securities, existing
in the shape of stocks, or bonds, must be some
fifty or sixty millions of dollars, and it was a
fact known to all who had paid the least attention
to the legislation of the States for the post year,
that a very large proportion of them were author-
izing further loans, and the issue of new stocks,
or securities, to enable them to prosecute addi-
tional works of internal improvement. He did
not propose to be specific in any statement upon
this point, but he would refer to the State he had
the honor, in part, to represent, to Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Maryland, Louisiana, and many others,
as having outstanding securities in considerable
amounts; and the same States, with perhaps the
exception of Ohio, together with Indiana, Illinois,
Tennessee, Mississippi, and he believed several
other States, had, at the last sessions of their
respective Legislatures, authorized heavy addi-
tions to their State debts. How, then, could gen-
tlemen entertain apprehensions that there would
be a want of State stocks in which to make these
