1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
"24th Cosg....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Mann, Jr.
Ho. of Reps.
the same money. That rule is the rule of repre-
sentation and taxation, is the i ule of Federal num-
bers, is the rate of representation, as nearly as
mnv be bv which the States are repiesented in the
House of Representatives. It has ne\er before
been proposed to include the Senate in anv calcu-
lation of equality between the States. The Con-
stitution has in no instance included it, and he
miKt think that its inclusion here was against the
spirit and again*! the expioss provisions of that
instrument. How had this money been accumu-
lated bv taxation director indirect. Fiom whom
had it been collected ' From the people of the
States. The Constitution prescribed the rule by
which, and by whtch only, Congress might tax
them, and that was in proportion to their Federal
number!. If the money is not wanted for the
uses of the Federal Government, to whom does
it belong' and to whom should it be returned'
Most certainly to the people from whom it has
been collected,and in the same proportions which
governed its collection from them. It should be
distributed, then, upon the Federal numbers of
the States, or upon their representation in the
House of Representatives alone; and the repre-
sentation in the Senile, which has no relation to
the population or tax-paying liabilities of the
States, should not be included
Another argument against the adoption of this
rule of distribution, of the strongest character,
was to be found in the certainty it would create
that the money would never be called for, even
to avoid direct taxation. By this rule all the
small States would obtain a large amount of the
money to be distributed beyond the proportion to
which their Federal numbers would entitle them.
Sixteen of the twenty-four States would gain,
and eight onry would lose. Present, then, in this
body, where the States are represented equally,
the alternative of a direct tax, or a call upon the
States for this money, and which do you think
would be adopted' Would the sixteen States
prevail, or the eight' and if the sixteen, which
alternative would they choose' That, of course,
■which the interests of the States represented
here, and holding the majontyj should dictate.
What would be that interest' In the distribution
of the money to be repaid, they will have re-
ceived a proportion much gieater than their pro-
portion of Federal population; because the rule
of distribution included their representation in
the Senate. If, then, they consent to the call
for repayment, they must return the money
received. On the contrary, if these States adopt
a direct tax, they have only to raise a sum equal
to their exact proportions in the scale of Federal
numbers, and therefore will be direct gainers by
preferring a tax and rejecting a call for the
money
Mr. W. said he must, in justice to himself,
state that the fact that the rule proposed to be
adopted would work the greatest injustice to his
own State, had very little influence with him in
urging this objection If a distribution was to
be made, and New York was to be a recipient,
it was his duty to contend for her rights; but, in
debt as she was, if all her citizens entertained
his feelings and opinions upon this subject, they
would look, as they most safely might, to her
wealth, to her enterprise, to her immense advant-
ages and resources, to pay her debts and carry her
on to her high destiny, and would not prostrate
her before the national Treasury for the miserable
boon of a few hundred thousand dollars. Were
he permitted to advise, his State would never
accept the money proposed to be intrusted to her
upon the terms prescribed.
Another objection remained to be answered,
which had been very generally urged against the
propositions he had offered upon this subject. It
was, that an investment of the surplus in the
manner he had proposed would be unequal, as
between the different States, and that those States
which had no debt, which had issued no stock
or securities of any description, would obtain no
part of the moneys to be invested. A perfect
and conclusive answer to this objection might be,
that it was at the option of the States to issue
stocks or not, and therefore it was at their option
to participate or not in these investments, as any
State which would issue stocks, and offer them in
the market upon the most favorable terms, would,
of course, be most likely to obtain investments.
This, however, was not the answer upon which I
he chose to rest   his   defense to the objection.
The objection had arisen from the fact that gen-
tlemen   had ynldod  all their reflections to  the
vinous plans for an equal distribution of these
moneys to the States, and they had connected, in
their minds, the propositions he had made, with
reflections of this character.    There was no con-
nection between the two sublets, and he hoped
to be able to convince eveiy Senator that the ob-
jection was wholly inapplicable in practice to the
plan of investment he had .suggested.  There was
nothing in the nature of a distribution among the
States connected with the plan.    No transaction
with the States, of any sort, was proposed.  The
adoption of the propositions could not benefit or
injure any State, or give any one State any pos-
sible advantage over any other State.    The in-
vestments were to be made by a purchase of the
stocks in the market, at the market value, and
before they could come  there they must have
been sold by the State issuing them.    That State,
therefore, must have received  its money, and
could have no interest whatever in the sale to the
United States, and the purchase by them.    It
must have taken upon itself the obligation to pay
the interest upon the stock at a given time and
place, and to redeem the principal at a specified
day.    No change could be made in these obliga-
tions by a transfer of the stocks to the United
States, any more than by a similar transfer to
any private individual; and whatever premium
the Government may pay does not go to the
benefit of the State issuing the stock, but to the
holder, of whom the puichase is made.   So also,
if the Government sell the stock of any State
which it may have purchased, the State, or its
interests, are in no way affected by the sale; its
obligations and responsibilities are unchanged.
Mr. W. said, the better to illustrate his mean-
ing, the Senate must permit him to take a simple
business example.    I give my note to you, Mr.
President, for the sum of $100, payable at the
expiration of twenty years from its date, with
interest at the rate of five per centum per annum,
the interest to be paid annually ataspecified place,
and the principal to be paid at the same place
when it falls due, and I make the note negotiable.
Can it, by any possibility, interest me whether
you hold that note or sell it, or whether it be
negotiated but once in the whole twenty years
or every week in the term; whether it be held by
individuals or bodies-politic; by a pauper or by
the United States'   Mr. W. said he was unable
to comprehend how his interests could be affected
in the supposed case, and he was equally unable
to discover how the interests of the States were
to be affected, either beneficially or injuriously,
by permitting the United States to purchase their
stocks in the market, as a mere investment of
moneym the Treasury.    He was sure gentlemen
must see that the objection was groundless, and
had proceeded from the mistaken idea that the
States whose stocks should be purchased were
to be materially benefited, and that, therefore,
there ought to be some provision to make the
purchases  equal among the States;   whereas,
neither the purchase nor sale could affect, in any
way, the interests of the State issuing the stocks.
So far from desiring this equality, (Mr. W.
said,) the very certain inequality was, to his
mind, one of the highest merits of the proposi-
tions.   It was not likely that the United States
would hold the stocks of a large number of States
at the same time, and those would be held in very
unequal quantities.   This fact would cause the
representatives of the States against which no
securities were held, to attend vigilantly to the
collection or disposition of those held against
other States, and m an equal degree would induce
the representatives from those States against
which small amounts were held to see that those
against which the amounts are large were made
punctually to meet their payments.   One of his
most important objections to any plan of distri-
bution, with a view to repayment, was predicated
upon the fact that all would be equally interested
against a repayment; that there would be none
to exercise vigilance, because all would resist col-
lection; that repayment would never be made,
because there would be no one to demand it.
Investments in the manner he proposed would
be fiee from these objections, and would stimu-
lite the majority to watchfulness and care thh.t
collections were promptly made.
Mr. W. said he had but a single further sug-
gestion to make, and he would resume his seat.
He wished to inquire of those gentlemen who had
voted for the land bill, and who now proposed to
suppoit the piopositions offered by the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] to distribute
the surplus revenue among the States, whether
the two measures would or would not conflict
with each other' Whetherthey were or were not
intended as antagonist measures' That bill pro-
vides for the distnbution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands on specified days, and
extends through the year 1837. These proposi-
tions make the same disposition of all the rev-
enues in the Treasury, over a given sum to be
named, upon specified days, without regard to
the sources from which the moneys may have
been derived, and extends its action through the
year 1841. If he was not mistaken, the distri-
butions under the two bills were to take place, in
some instances, at least, on the same day. What
he wished gentlemen to inform him was, which
bill would take the money, for he supposed either
would take all which could be called surplus.
The rule of distribution was very different in the
two cases, and he would be glad to learn whether
it was intended by this measure to repeal in effect
the land bill? His inquiries were particularly
directed to the author of this scheme for distri-
bution, and he should await his answer.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
REMARKS OF HON. A. MANN, Jr.,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 22, 1836,
Before the Committee of the Whole opon the bill to regu-
late the deposits, &c.
Mr. MANN having withdrawn his amendment
to enable the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Anthony] to offer his substitute for the thirteenth
section of the bill, which provided for the deposit
of the surplus moneys with the several States,
which substitute was agreed to, again renewed
his motion to strike out the words " the Senate,
and," so that the apportionment should be made
according to the representation of each State in
the House of Representatives, and addressed the
Chair, and said that it was with the deepest reluc-
tance that he felt constrained to trespass upon the
time of the committee for one moment; and he
assured them that nothing but the responsibility
of the vote which he was about to give, in com-
mon with every gentleman upon the floor—a
responsibility which he deemed greater than had
fallen to the lot of a representative of the people
since the ever-memorable 4th of July, 1776—-
could inspire him with courage to rise up in this
excited House, and ask them to pause, to hear
before they strike, to reflect before they act; be-
cause that action may affect for weal or for woe
the welfare of our country beyond the age in
which we live.
I am (said Mr. M.) assured by everything
before me—by the very impatience of honorable
gentlemen to divide the golden prize—that I am
asking their attention when it is inconvenient for
them to give it to me; yet their courtesy to me
has thus far been such as will compel me to omit
saying much that I have intended for this occa-
sion, and to touch but briefly only a few points
which I shall claim the right to illustrate more
fully in the remarks I intend to submit through
the press to my constituents. I am informed
that this substitute for the thirteenth section of
the bill, as it came down from the Senate, is the
result of a compromise among the friends of the
Administration upon this floor, and that it equally
meets the views of many of its opponents. Un-
der these circumstances, Mr. M. had examined
it with a heartfelt desire to yield his assent to it,
if possible. He would sacrifice as much to the
spirit of compromise as was possible for him in
cases of disagreement, and where no great prin-
