496
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Mann, Jr
Ho. of Reps.
cinle was involved, would always freely and
willingly surrender his poor opinion to the better
judgment of his «temporaries. But, sir, there
is appoint, beyond which to go becomes a crime
against God and man; and he feared that we
were now approaching that very point. No con-
sideration of mere temporary advantage or in-
convenience should have any influence upon us
by their representatives, always under the influ-
ences of a State cupidity, which denies to it all
relief and support, for the pu/pose of increasing
the revenues of their States, like the Government,
under the Confederacy, after the declaration of
our independence, and before the formation and
adoption of the Constitution. To prevent such
a vibration in our political system, we must be
to violate boundaries of the Constitution, which ^gareful to preserve the balances of that system
is the panoply and shield of our Union. But I
am told that this measure is merely to deposit
the surplus revenues of this Government with
the States, to be drawn for at pleasure, as an
ordinary deposit, and, therefore, is not liable to
any constitutional objection.
I am aware, sir, that such is the form of the
provision; but who among us does not fecl.and
know that to this provision is annexed a mental
(I will not say a fraudulent) reservation that the
money is never to be returned to our Treasury ?
The States are to be the recipients of your bounty,
by a violation, as I intend to show, of the spirit
of your Constitution, under "false pretenses."
I am, sir, bound to speak boldly on this occasion,
and call things by their right names. We are
dividing the spoils of a vanquished friend, the
Constitution—the spoils of a vanquished country
among our allies, the States, to purchase and
secure their allegiance and fidelity to that Con-
stitution which ourselves will have trampled under
our unholy feet, until ere long it will cease to be
a barrier to the accomplishment of any purposes
which, to honorable members of this House, may
seem necessary or expedient. Such has been the
fate of other and perhaps all written constitutions;
but the hopes of patriotism had, until recently,
rendered ours immortal. Vain hopes! the patriot
will exclaim, how often, and how surely are they
swept away!  Sir, who does not k«ow ami feel
This latter consequence, I admit, is not so likely
to happen as the former, because power begets
power, and this Government is now as compared
with the States, all in all! The danger is towards
consolidation of this Union under one great cen-
tral Government, with dependent provinces not
unlike those of the Chinese empire. But, Mr.
Chairman, time will not permit me to pursue this
consideration of consequences likely, either pres-
ently or remotely, to follow the adoption of this
measure. We have, I fear, fallen upon evil times;
yet I will not despair of the Republic. We have
passed safely through trials as dangerous as those
now before us. Immediately upon the adoption
of the Constitution, the rage of unregulated and
unrestrained speculation, under the auspices of
the party then in power, found its way into Con-
gress and into the Government.
The depreciated scrip issued by the Govern-'
ment to the Army for their dues and to the
public creditors, found its way, by great sacrifices
of the people, into the hands of the public men
of that day, together with bounty-land certificates
and other evidences of public engagement, and it
resulted in the passage of the celebrated funding
law of 1790, by which such scrip was funded
upon certain favorable principles against the
United States, at six per cent., in favor, as is
believed, of many persons who then held seats in
Congress, and in their acquisition of large quan-
that this measure is, and is intended to be, a dis-  \ tities of bounty lands beyond the Ohio.   I do not
tribution of the surplus revenues among the States,
from whose people it has been drawn by tax-
ation? It is nominally a deposit with the States,
but it brings to my recohVction the doings of the
honest Quakers of Pennsylvania, who, in their
colonial condition, were sometimes embarrassed
by their principles, when it was necessary to
make appropriations to buy powder to carry on
the war waged by the white man against the
poor Indian. Their bill expressed the appropri-
ation to be " to purchase bread, flour, wheat, or
other grains," under which, by construction,
powder was purchased as " other grains" with- ■
out objection; and when they wanted cannon,
they gave money to buy " afire engine!" Now,
mention this because I suppose there is at present
a parallel between our condition and theirs, but
because similar influences exist now throughout
the country, which may have its consequential
effect here, and it has been supposed by some to
have an influence in deciding the passage of this
bill. I am told that public opinion requires this
measure at our hands. I have, sir, seen no evi-
dences of it; and when we review the important
events of the last six months, we must hesitate
before we conclude that public opinion has decreed
in its favor. Gentlemen, I fear, are too much
influenced by the opinions which surround -the
Capitol. When we assembled it was supposed
that we were on the ere of a war with France,
sir, 1 have no idea, in this enlightened age, of ( and the expectation was universal that all our
resorting to such pitiful expedients of construe- !! revenues, and more too, would be swallowed up
tion to escape the fair import and meaning of the    in that contest.
Constitution, which has given no power to this
Government to collect money by taxation, to be
returned to those from whom it is collected. Do
the people desire us to levy taxes under the
taxing power, and appoint and pay officers to
collect the money, and pay those officers to return
it back again? No answer can be necessary to |
this inquiry, as it is preposterous to suppose it. \
But I am told we have got the money, and can-1
notdo anything with it, except return it. Strange,
indeed, must be our condition, if this be so. The
common sense remedy is to keep this money
until your Government shall need it, and reduce
your taxes to- prevent drawing more from the
people than is necessary, for the support of Gov-
ernment.
Shall I be told that we are in a condition where
our people cannot bear a reduction of taxes ? If
I am, I would riot condescend to argue such, a
proposition for one momeni, . t proceed_ tp allude
to the probable consequences of this " dividing of
the spoils;" and here, sir, we are only permitted
to divine the future by, tha past. It appears to
me that you will destroy the balances which jiow
happily exist between the'General and State gov.
ernments under the Constitution,either upon the
one hand by causing the States to become your
beneficiaries and servile dependents upon your
bounty, like Roman provinces, with a sycophan-
tic Governor, sent out from the corruptions of
the Roman capital, of on the other, of rendering
the General Government too weak and feeble to
accomplish the purposes for whiph it was created,
dependent upon the will of the States, expressed
No intelligent citizen ever dreamed of division
of the public revenues until after the month of
February, when intelligence of the settlement of
our affairs with that nation reached us. We then
were engaged with the hostile Indians in Florida,
and soon we had reason to apprehend the inva-
sion of our territory by the Mexicans under
Santa Anna; and then were involved in a war
with the Creek Indians, which is now progress-
ing almost unresisted by us, with unheard-of
cruelty and success on the part of those Indians.
Under all these circumstances, to which the pub-
lic mind has been constantly directed, few but
party politicians, having party objects to sub-
serve, nave expected or desired the distribution
of the surplus revenues among the States. Hon-
orable members will deceive themselves and be
mistaken if they suppose that,that great public
opinion, which is alike the arbiter and the fate of
the Government and country, has in any manner
settled this question in favor of distribution.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am compelled to forego
the extension of my remarks upon "this branch
of the discussion, and ask the attention of the-
committee to the ratio of deposit among the States,
established by this bill, for I will here call it
deposit, so as to suit the ears of honorable mem-
bers who have nervous sensibilities whenever I
call it a distribution, (though I believe " it i$rhu-
barb, call it.what yo  will.") This ratio is so
unjust that I should be recreant to the State which,
in a very humble part, I have the honor to rep-
resent, if I did not here now enter my most sol-
emn protest against it.  It does not proceed upon
the basis of population or popular representation
but upon the basis of the representation in the
Senate as well as this House. It violates plainly
and palpably the very principle upon which the
Revolution which secured our independence pro-
ceeded; that representation and taxation should
go together; or, in other words, that the people
could not be rightfully taxed without their con-
sent, expressed through their representatives.
In accordance with this general principle, our
Constitution has provided that " all duties, im-
ports, and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States." It also provides that " no
capitation or other direct tax shall be laid, unless
in proportion to the census or enumeration here-
inbefore directed to be taken;" that is, "by
adding to the whole number of free persons, in-
cluding those bound to service for a term of years,
and excluding Indians, not taxed, three fifths of
all other persons." These provisions were in-
troduced to insure a taxation as equal as may be
upon all the States, and upon all the people of the
United States. Now, sir, in exercising this tax-
ing power thus restricted, a surplus, as is con-
tended by those who favor this bill, has been
brought into the Treasury, which it is estimated
by some will amount, on the first of January
next, to more than thirty-five million dollars,
leaving at least thirty millions to be distributed.
Sir, according to the principles of taxation laid
down in the Constitution, it is to be presumed
that this sum has been contributed by the people
of the several States in proportion to their repre-
sentation in the House of Representatives, and
in that proportion belongs to them as parties and
partners in the Confederation of States.
This act, sir, introduces a different ratio of
distribution, and proposes to return the money
to the States, not in proportion to the representa-
tion in the House of Representatives, the basis
upon which it has been collected, but in propor-
tion to the representation in both Houses of Con-
gress. If we assume that the amount to be dis-
tributed will be thirty million dollars, the propor-
tion raised upon each State upon the constitutional
basis, and the proportion to be distributed to
each under this bill, is shown in a table which
has been,prepared with, I believe, great care and
accuracy.
The money in the Treasury of the United States
is the produce of the sales of the national prop-
erty and of taxes which, when direct are, by the
Constitution, to be laid upon the States in the
Eroportion of their respective population as fixed
y the census; and when indirect, are to preserve
the great constitutional principle of the gradua-
tion of taxation according to the representation,
to be assumed to operate in the same, way upon
the States. Hence the support of Government
by indirect taxation must be supposed to fall uni-
formly upon the people of the States. If New
York contains one sixth of the represented popu-
lation of the United States, she must pay one
sixth of any given aniount, say thirty millions
of direct taxes laid by Congress, and one sixth
of the same amount of duties upon foreign goods
imported into the Union. The fundamental prin-
ciple of taxation being, as is stated above, unless
it is denied (as it is not supposed it will be) that
the indirect taxation by duties is unequally, and
in some sense unconstitutionally, borne by the
people and States, then the above conclusion must
be regarded as correct. A surplus in the Treas-
ury on the 1st January, 1837, is alleged. It is the
result, chiefly of duties on foreign goods. Sup-
posing it to be thirty millions, the following table
will show the amount which each State contrib-
uted to it, and the amount which the bill of the
Senate, as amended by the committee, proposes
to return to each State. The table is formed by
dividing 30,000,000 by 242, the whole number of
the House of Representatives, which produces
¡ 123,966.228-242, or say 123,967, (to avoid a small
fraction.) This multiplied by the number of
Representatives of each State, gives the amount
contributed by each State. Dividing 30,000,000
by 294, the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives, we have 102,040.240-294, or say
102,041, (to avoid a small fraction.) Multiplying
the last sum by the whole number of Senators
and Representatives of -each State, we have the
I amount which each State will get by the provis-
