498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
purpose. How, sir, is this question to be settled ?
Are we to recognize the right in both these com-
mittees to levy money from the people's pockets
to effect the same objects? or how is this dispute
to be settled ? What, sir, is external ? and what
is internal? I am answered by some, that all
above ports of entry is internal, and all below is
external; that it is constitutional to spend the
people's money to make improvements below
ports of entry, and that it is unconstitutional to
spend above ports of entry. I cannot perceive
any good reason for such a distinction. To estab-
lish a port of entry, is to fix a suitable point for
exterior and interior commerce to meet. If it is
necessary to improve the river below, to enable
vessels to come to the port to receive the interior
commerce, I am at a loss to perceive why it is not
necessary to remove the obstructions above, to
enable commerce to be brought down to the port.
If this power is claimed under that feature in the
Constitution, conferring on Congress the right to
regulate commerce with foreign nations and be-
tween the several States, why should the improve-
ment stop at any particular point on a. river that
may run through several States ? If to regulate
commerce carries with it a right to make internal
improvements, the power is not confined to ports
of entry, but is coextensive with the United States.
I am aware, sir, that this is a difficult subject, but
whatever may be the true definition of the Con-
stitution, it cannot be made to embrace a propo-
sition so absurd in itself.
I have long been of opinion, in point of expe-
diency, that the subject of internal improvement
should be left to the States. But seeing that this
bill embraced objects having not half the claim to
nationality as the main turnpike roadleadingfrom
eastern to western Virginia, I was induced to ask
for the sum of $500,000 to macadamize the same;
but, sir, to be candid with you, if the amend-
ment be adopted, I should still, under a sense
of duty, vote against the bill. I could not sanc-
tion the principles of that bill if it brought a rail-
road through my yard. Sir, the honorable mem-
ber from Tennessee [Mr. Peyton] has moved to
amend the bill by establishing a port of entry
above Nashville some distance, in order to avail
himself of the benefit of some of the surplus rev-
enue. I was induced to offer an amendment to
the amendment to establish a port of entry at the
falls of Kanawha. He placed the claim of his
constituents upon the ground of the rich mineral
productions of that country that would find their
way to market through that source, and the fact
that many of the veteran soldiers that were in the
battle of New Orleans were brought in flat-bottom
boats from that point. Mr. McC. said it was
true he could not say to the committee that an
army had ever been brought down the Kanawha
river, but he would say that upwards of two
millions of bushels of salt floated annually upon
its bosom to the West; and as to mineral produc-
tions, he was certain the claim was equal, if not
superior—that a finer coal region was not to be
found anywhere; and if the gentleman intends to
bring his district within the limits of the Consti-
tution, it was but fair that his constituents should
be placed on the same ground. He said he wished
to represent his district impartially, but he found
by casting his eye upon the map, a portion of his
district lay upon the Alleghany mountains, a
point at which he could not fix a port of entry,
and bring it within the limits of the Constitution,
and thus change its relation from external to that
of internal, so as to profit by this new doctrine.
He said every gentleman must admit, that to give
the Conatitution that construction, would be to
make the Constitution to depend entirely upon
the action of Congress. If so, I should tremble
for the fate of my country. This bill, itself con-
necting the northern frontier with the Atlantic
sea-board, from Maine to New Orleans,combining
in one bill the various interests, it is a sufficient
commentary itself upon that point. Sir, the same
combination of interest can, if they choose, estab-
lish a port of entry anywhere. Yes, sir, they
may bring the balance of my constituents within
the limits of the Constitution by fixing ports of
entry high up the New and Greenbrier rivers.
Mr. McC. said he hoped that gentlemen would
cease to press these extravagant and wasteful
! appropriations; that more money had already
! been appropriated than could be prudently ex-
pended in two years; that it was unwise for the
Government, this season, to commence any new
works, as the season was far advanced, and labor
and provision uncommonly high; and that it must
be evident to every man that these high prices
could not long continue. They have been pro-
duced by the unprecedented amount of local bank-
ing capital thrown into the money market, giving
a fictitious and false value to labor, as well as
that of agriculture, which must soon regulate
itself by the standard value. He said much had
been said on the subject of the tariff; great fears
had been entertained by some that if the surplus
revenue was divided among the States, it would
revive the tariff and internal improvements; but,
for his part, he could see no way better calcu-
lated to effect that object than to make these large
appropriations, and swell the ordinary expendi-
tures of the Government far above what the last
provision of the compromise act will produce in
1842. These are the advocates of raising the
tariff, not those who wish to arrest the system of
i improvement by this Government and give it to
the States; and, with all their prating upon that
! subject, the people will understand the matter.
I! They underrate the intelligence of the people, if
!: they think they can cram these absurd doctrines
11 down their throats.
The people will look to the acts of men, and
not to their professions. They will examine the
journals, and find the names of these strict con-
structionists and economists all voting for the
most wasteful and extravagant expenditures of
the public money; their names will be principally
found enrolled on every amendment against re-
duction; and yet nothing dwells upon their lips
but the tariff and internal improvement. It is
strange that this new light of breaking up the
compromise bill never broke upon their benighted
vision till the very moment the public money was
about to be wrung from their hands by a large
majority of all parties. The plain man of com-
mon sense will inquire of these gentlemen why
they did not propose this inquiry at the first of
the session, before they voted for all these extrav-
agant expenditures, and how it happened that
the tariff fever, just at that time, began to rage
with such unabatingfury ? Those gentlemen who
voted for these extravagant appropriations will
find it difficult to prove to the people that they
are the only political economists in this land.
The plain man will not readily believe that to
take large sums of money from his pocket will
add greatly to his wealth. However, Mr. Chair-
man, it is now ten o'clock at night; I will not
pursue the subject further, but will leave this
question to the people to say who has represented
their interests. For my own part, I think the
expenditures of this Government should be con-
fined to a strict revenue standard.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
REMARKS OF HON. F. O. J. SMITH,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Junt 21,1836,
On the motion to commit the Senate deposit bill, with
instructions to separate it into two Mils.
Mr. SMITH said he concurred in the propo-
sition of the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Calhoun] to divide the original
proposition of reference to the Committee of
the Whole. And while he was desirous that,
under such a division, the first part of the propo-
sition to refer might be adopted, he was alike de-
sirous of seeing the latter part rejected,leaving the
bill of the Senate to go before the Committee of
the Whole untrammeled by instructions of any
kind. I am (said Mr. S.) in favor of the bill as
a whole. I am in favor of both parts of the bill,
not as separate and disjointed measures, but as
one and an entire measure. Taken in parts, I
am opposed to the bill, as its provisions now are.
As distinct parts, I believe it to be defective.
As a whole, I think it to be substantially good,
though  susceptive of amendment, perhaps, in
some minor particulars. And as a whole—as a
great national measure, and not as a party meas-
ure, I hope it will be adopted by this House. I
hope it will receive the support and countenance
of every gentleman who is willing to look above
party considerations in reference to the vast pub-
lic funds that are accumulating upon our hands,
and be adopted as a measure that is highly essen-
tial to the continued prosperity and welfare of
this great nation.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of the
House to the reasons that have been assigned__
assigned in all sincerity of purpose and honesty
of heart, I doubt not, by gentlemen who are in
favor of dividing the bill of the Senate, and in
support of their proposition. To my mind they
are wholly inconclusive, and I hope they will
not prevail in the House.
It is said that the bill of the Senate should be
divided, because it embraces two distinct and
different measures; that is to say, the provision
for depositing a certain portion of the public
money with the local banking corporations is
denominated one measure, and the provision for
depositing another portion of the public funds
with the State governments, or in the State treas-
uries, is denominated another measure. But I
conceive each provision to resolve itself into one
and the same general measure and purpose—into
a single act of disposing on deposit of the surplus
money of the Federal Government. The sys-
tem of deposit proposed by the bill may be said
to run into two branches, but not into two dis-
tinct and independent measures. The bill, in
each part, has been framed with reference to the
other part. If separated, neither part will be
satisfactory to a majority of this House, without
very essential and important alterations; where-
as, take the bill as a whole, and all its parts are
in the main and in substance satisfactory to the
House, if I can judge of the disposition of. the
House upon the subject.
It is said that the bill embodies two distinct and
different measures, because the conditions and
securities upon which the public moneys are to
be deposited with banking corporations are dif-
ferent from the conditions and securities exacted
of the State governments. This difference, to
my mind, does not go to any principle; it involves
a mere question of expediency, a mere question
as to the sufficiency or insufficiency of the secur-
ities which you exact in each case for your depos-
its. It is true that you do, by this bill, propose
to exact different securities from local money-
trading corporations for your deposits, from those
you exact of the State Legislatures for the deposits
intrusted to them. Is other security required of
the States than their acceptance of the deposits
on the terms you prescribe? Are you desirous
of placing them on the same footing, and to regard
them as the same grade of depositories with local
private corporations ? Are you not willing to trust
the sovereign States upon terms different from
those which yod would impose upon private
banks? I have confidence in the fidelity and in-
tegrity of the people, and of their State govern-
ments. I hold them in infinitely higher esteem
than I do any private local corporation, be that
corporation made up of whatever men or class of
men it may. I will not go ahead of events to call
in question the honesty of the people, and of the
State governments, which are under the people's
immediate influence, to give preference and pre-
cedence to your local, trading, bank corporations.
I have, on the contrary, full and entire faith in
the State governments. I believe they are inca-
pable of entering into any relationship with the
Federal Government, and proving treacherous to
that relationship. I believe no assurance which
any State government of this Union shall give to
the Federal Government, and no expectation
which the people of this country shall raise
through their respective State governments in re-
lation to the public deposits, will be violated,
under any circumstances. No, sir, I would deal
with them in good faith, and in good faith will
they fulfill their every obligation.
But, it is different when you come to the pri-
vate banks; of them I would exact, as this bill
proposes to do, further and additional securities.
Everything between them and the Government
