500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
lion, and \ioIation of language in calling that |
which is a di^tn'mtion to the States a deposit with
the States, can nuther alter the thing nor conceal i
its dibL'ii, and the attempt to coeice suppoit,
detu opposition, 01 involve in odium, bv joining
a pieasuie of questionable propnety with one of
acknuv'edged expediency, might be lost upon
some, if not on all.
I have some objections to the deposit bill pi oner,
as it now stuids, but they aie objections of de-
tail, and sueh as would admit ot íemtdy, and
might ha\o been easily obviated, had it net been
foi the impatience of the moj inty to pass the bill
as it is.    One of these objections is to the clause
which confeis authonty on the Secretary of the
Treasury to establish blanches of the State banks,
under the name of agencies, in the States which
have no banks; that is to say, in the State of
Missouri, it being well known to everybody that
Missouri is the only State in the Union which
finds itself in the category which the conferring
of the authority implies.   To the investituie of
this authority in any office!, or the exeicise of
such authonty by any Congress, I wholly object;
and that for numerous and cogent reasons.    Con-
gress lias no authority to establish banks within |
the States, much less to intrude upon a State the
bianch of a bank from anothei  State.    It is an
interference with the domestic policy of a State
to do  so, and compelling hei   to  have a bank
against her will.    It is a deprivation to the State
of one of her sovereign powers; for, by virtue of i
her light to íegulate her internal affairs, she can ,
exclude all moneyed and banking agencies from
hei  bordéis, by her own legislation, as many
States have done; but in this case her legislation
■would not be sovereign, like that of other States,
upon the same point, but would be subordinate
to the decision of the Fedeial judiciary; for the
agency being established under a law of Congress,
would bring the action of the State law, and the
decision of the State eourts, under the controlling
scepter of the Federal judges.    It is an apparent
surrender of the constitutional objection toa Bank
of the Unitpd States, for it is admitted that State
banks are indispensably necessary to the Federal
Government, then it follows that the Federal Gov-
ernment may provide for its own necessities with-
out being dependent on the States.  The Secretary
is not limited in the choice of the banlre, whose
agencies he may establish in Missouri; and some
Secretary, not  the present one, might refresh
Whigism in the State by sending us a limb from
the Pennsylvania United States Bank, or a scion
from some one of the litter, founded on paper
and property, now in  the process of renewed
incorporation in this opulent and bank-bearing
District.
The consent of the State is not required to the
admission of this agency, although, at the very
last session of her Legislature, as at preceding
sessions, she refused to charter a bank for herself.
Finally, this provision goes to legalize the estab-
lishment of an agency of an Ohio bank in the
town of St. Louis, now in operation there as a
bank of discount and deposit and of circulation;
when the utmost argument in favor of the federal
necessities would not extend beyond a bank of
deposit only. That agency was established in
St. Louis without my knowledge or consent, and
without the consent of the State Legislature. The
right of the Legislature to expel it would be com-
plete if this law was not passed; if it passes, then
the statute of the State will be liable to the same
revision and reversal which took place on the Vir-
ginia statute in the case of Cohen and the lottery
tickets. Having mentioned the agency at St.
Louis, I deem it right to add that the officers who
have charge of it have shown every disposition
to deserve the good will of the inhabitants, and
to promote the policy of the Government in the
diffusion of gold.
The other part of the deposit bill proper to
which I object is the want of a clause requiring
the deposit banks to keep on hand a certain
amount of specie, bearing some reasonable aver-
rage, fixed proportion to their immediate liabili-
ties. The bill was drawn with such a clause;
but it was the will of the majority to strike it
out, and to substitute the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, for the time being, for
the proposed legal enactment.   The proportion
The Deposit Bill—Mr. Benton.
of specie on hand in the several deposit banks is
now to be whatever may be satisfactory to the
officer at the head of the Treasury. To this I
object; because, without íefeience to the opinions
of any Secielary, I hold it to be a case in which
the inflexible íule of law, and not the vanable
dictate of individual discietion, should prevail.
It concerns the currency of the counti y, and law
should govern the cuireney. It is a case in
which discietion is suboidinate to systems, as
well as to personal temperament. Ahaid money
Secretary would íequire a heavy pioportion of
specie, a papei-system Secretary would be con-
tent with a very light pi opoition. Besides, some
of the deposit banks need íegulation upon this
pointat piesent. Some of them aie far in anear
of what would be deemed a safe proportion of
specie, and threatening the Treasury with anothei
edition of " unavailable funds." As a whole,
they are far behind the point of specie responsi-
bility at which the Bank of the United States
stood at the time of the removal of the deposits,
though some are up to that mark, or above it,
but, as a whole, (and it is in that point of view
that the public is concei ned,) they are far behind
it. On the 1st day of October, 1833, when the
deposits were removed, the immediate liabilities
of the United States Bank, in public and private
deposits and in its circulation, was $37,105,465,
and the specie on hand was §10,663,441; being
at the rate of more than one to four.
At the close of the last month, which is the
date of the lute&t íeturns of the deposit banks,
their immediate liabilities in the same items—
public and private deposits, and circulation—
was $84,401,880, and the gold and silver on hand
was $10,202,245; being at the rate of less than
one to eight. This ceitainly is a progress in the
wrong direction for us, who have undertaken to
strengthen the gold and silver foundations of the
currency It is tiaveling on the wrong end of
the road, and that rathei fast. The rejection fiom
I the bill of the clause which was intended to hold
the deposit banks up to the possession of a cer-
tain fixed proportion of specie, looks like an
abandonmentof oui hard money piofessions, and
a relapsing tendency into the wide and bottom-
less ocean of paper. It is certainly a great decline
from the doctrines of President Jackson's mes-
sage of December last—those doctrines which
were then hailed with approbation by an im-
mense majority of the American people, and
I received as landmarks in the whole Democratic
camp, and in which the President expressly
treated the regulation of the deposits as the reg-
ulation of the currency, and looked to the in-
creased circulation of gold and silver, and the
suppression of all bank notes under twenty dol-
lars, as two of the gieat results which were to
flow from the connection of the Federal Treasury
with the local banks, and the consequent influence
of the Government over the cunency. Hear his
words:
" Connected with the condition of the finances, and the
flourishing state ot the country in all us branches of indus-
try, it is pleasing to witness the advantages which have
already been derived from the recent laws regulating the
value of the gold coinage These advantages will be more
apparent in the course of the next year, when the branch
mints authorized to be established in North Carolina,
Georgia, and Louisiana shall have gone into operation
Aided, as it is hoped they will be, by further reforms in the
banking systems ot the States, and by judicious regulations >
on the part of Congress, tn relation to the custody of the
public moneys, it may be confidently anticipated that the
u«e of gold and silver as a eirculating medium will become i
general in the ordinary transactions connected with the
labor of the country The great desideratum in modern
times is, an efficient check on the power of banks, prevent-
ing that exce-sive l-sue of paper whence arise those fluc-
tuations in the standard of value which render uncertain
the rewards of labor " * * * * " It has been
seen that, without the agency of a great moneyed monopo-
ly, the revenue can be collected, and conveniently and
safely applied to all the purposes of the public expenditure
It is alsoa-certamed that, instead of being necessanlvmade
to promote the evils of an unchecked paper system, the
management of the revenue can be made auxiliary to the
reform which the Legislatures ot several of the States have
already commenced m regard to the suppression of small
bills.and which has only to be fostered by proper regulations
on the part of Congress to secure a practical return, to the
extent required for the security of the currency, to the con-
stitutional medium "   * * * " The collection
and custody bein? a source of credit to them, will increase
the security which the States provide for a faithful execu-
tion of their trusts, by multiplying the scrutinies to which
their operations and accounts will be subjected. Thus dis
posed, as well from interest as the obligation of their char-
Senatk.
I ters, it cmnot be doubted that such conditions is Congress
I may see fit to adopt re-peeting the deposits m t'ie e insti
tution--, with a view to the gradu il di~n-f of the <m ill hills,
will be cheerfully complied with, and til it we s|u|| «00n
gain, in place ot the Bank ot the Linted bt iv s, a praciual
retoim ot the whole piper M-tPin of ihe country If, by
this policy, \\( nn ultimately w itne~s th( suppn s-jon of
all bulk hills below TyvFNTY dolí ars it is -ippirent tint
goid and siLVtR will take their pi ice, and Ik come the
principil ciieuliting medium in the cnmtiinn bu-uir s of
the country The ittainmeiit ot micIi i ie-ultvvill lorin in
en in the ht-tory ol otn country winch will be dyvelt upon
with delight by every true friend of its liberty and inde-
pendence It will lighten the greit tax winch our paper
systlm Ins so long collected fiom the earning-, ot labor,
and do more to revive and peipetu ite tho-elnbit- of ieonr>-
my and simplicity which aie -ocongenial to the character
of republicans, than all the legislation which has yet been
-llteinptcd "
The rejection of the clause referied to, (con-
tinued Mr B.,) has lost the advantages so confi-
dently looked to by the Piesident in this wise and
patriotic message. Nothing is done in this de-
posit bill to fulfill his enlightened and noble views;
nothing to enlaige and extend the specie basis;
nothing to promote the diffusion of gold; nothing
to effeet the suppression of notes undei twenty
dollars, nothing to check the paper system; noth-
ing to regulate the currency. On the contiary, we
have a virtual abandonment of all control ovei the
moneyed system, and a virtual surrender of the
constitutional power and the constitutional duty
of Congress over the currency to the discretion
of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, and the puvate
and inteiested airangements of the deposit banks.
I now come, Mr. President, (continued Mr.
B ,) to the second subject in the bill—the distri-
bution featuie—and to which the objections are,
not of detail, but of principle; but which objec-
tions are so strong in the mind of myself and
some friends, that, far from shrinking from the
contest, and sneaking away in our little minority
of six. where we were left last evening, we come
forwaid with unabated resolution to renew our
opposition, and to signalize our dissent, and anx-
ious to have it known that we contended to the last
against the seductions of a measure, specious to
the view and tempting to the taste, but fraught
with mischief and fearful consequences to the
character of this Government, and to the stability
and harmony of this Confedeiacy. These objec-
I tions lie to the thuteenth section of the bill, which
is in these woids:
' Sec 13 And be it further enacted, That the money
which shall be in the Treasury of the United States on the
first diy of January, eighteen hundred and thirty seven,
reserving the sum of five millions of dollars, shall be depos-
ited with the several State , in proportion to their respect-
ive representation m the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Congress of the United Stales; and the
Secretary of the Treasury shall deliver the -ame to such
persons as the several States may authorize to receive it,
on receiving certificates of deposit, signed by the compe-
tent authorities of such State, each for such amount, and
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre--
senbe, which shall set forth and express the obligation of
the State to pay the amount thereof to the United States,
or their assigns; and which said certificate it shall be com-
petent for the Secretary of the Treasury, in the name and
behalf ot the United ¡states, to sell and assign, whenever
it shall be necessary, for want of other money in the
Treasury, to meet appropriations made by Congress, all
sales and assignments, however, to be ratable, and in just
and equal proportions, among all the States, according to
the amounts received by them respectively, and all such
certificates of deposit shall be subiect to, and shall bear an
interest of, five per centum per annum, payable half yearly,
from the time of such sale and assignment, and shall be
redeemable at the pleasure of the States issuing the
same."
Stripping this enactment of statutory verbiage,
and collecting the provisions of the section into
a single view, and they seem to be these: 1. The
public moneys, above a specified sum, are to be
deposited with the States in a specified ratio.
2. The States are to give certificates of deposit,
payable to the United States, but no time or con-
tingency is fixed for the payment. 3. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to sell and assign the
certificates, limited to a ratable proportion of each,
when necessary to meet appropriations made by
Congress. 4. The certificates so assigned are to
bear an interest of five per cent., payable half
yearly. 5. To bear no interest before assign-
ment. 6. The principal to be payable at the
pleasure of the State.
This, Mr. President, is the enactment; and
what is such an enactment? Sir, I will tell you
what it is. It is, in name, a deposit; in form,
a loan; in essence and design, a distribution.
Names cannot alter things; and it is as idle to
