1836.}                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        501
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Deposit Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
call a gift a deposit as it would be to call a stab ]|
of the dagger a kiss of the lips. It is a distribu- !
tioti of the revenues, under the name of a de-
posit,and under the form of a loan. Itisknown
to he so, and is intended to be so; and all this '
verbiage about a deposit is nothing butthe device
and contrivance of those who have been for
years endeavoring to distribute the revenues,
sometimes by the land bill, sometimes by direct
propositions, and sometimes by proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution. Finding all these
modes of accomplishing the object met and frus-
trated by the Constitution, they fall upon this
invention of a deposit, and exult in the success
of an old scheme under a new name. That it is
no deposit, but a free gift,and a regular distribu-
tion, is clear and demonstrable, not only from
the avowed principles, declared intentions, and
systematic purposes of those who conduct the
bill, but also from the means devised to effect
their object. Names are nothing. The thing
done gives character to the transaction; and the
imposition of an erroneous name cannot change
that character. This is no deposit. It has no
feature, no attribute, no characteristic, no quality
of a deposit. The deposit is a trust, requiring
the consent of two parties, leaving to one the
rights of ownership, and imposing on the other
the duties of trustee. The depositor retains the
right of property, and reserves the privilege of
resumption; the depository is bound to restore.
But here the right of property is parted with; the
privilege of resumption is surrendered; the obli-
gation to render back is not imposed. On the
contrary, our money is put where we cannot
reach tt. Our Treasury warrant cannot pursue
it. The States are to keep the money, free of
interest, until it is needed to meet appropriations,
and then the Secretary of the Treasury is—to do
what? Call upon the State? No! but to sell
and assign the certificate; and the State is to pay
the assignee an interest half yearly, and the prin-
cipal when it pleases.
Now these appropriations will never be made.
The members of Congress are not yet born—the
race of representatives are not yet known—who
will vote appropriations for national objects to be
paid out of their own State treasuries.    Sooner
will the tariff be revived, or the price of public
land be raised.    Sooner will the assignability of
the certificate be repealed by law.    The contin-
gency will never arrive on which the Secretary
is to assign; so the deposit will stand as a loan
forever without interest.    At the end of some
years the nominal transaction will be rescinded;
the certificates will all be canceled by one gen-
eral, unanimous, harmonious vote in Congress.
The disguise of a deposit, like the mask after the
play, will be thrown aside; and the delivery of
the money will turn out to be, what it is now
intended to be, a gift from the beginning.    This
will be the end of the first chapter.    And now,
how unbecoming in the Senate to practice this
indirection, and to do by a false name what can-
not be done by its true one.    The Constitution,
by the acknowledgment of many who conduct
this bill, will not admit of a distribution of the
revenues.  Notfurther back than the last session,
and again at the commencement of the present
session, a proposition was made to amend the
Constitution to permit this identical distribution
to be made.   That proposition is now upon our
Calendar for the action of Congress.   All at once
it is discovered that a change of names will do as
well as a change of the Constitution.    Strike
out the word " distribute" and insert the word
"deposit," and, incontinently, the impediment
is removed; the constitutional difficulty is sur-
mounted; the division of the money can be made.
This, at least, is quick work.    It looks magical,
though not the exploit of the magician.    It com-
mits nobody, though not the invention  of the
non-committal school.    After all, it must be ad-
mitted to be a very compendious mode of amend-
ing the  Constitution,  and   such a one as the
framers of that instrument never happened   to
think of.   Is this fancy, or is it fact? are we legis-
lating, or amusing   ourselves with phantasma-
goria?    Can we forget that we now have upon
the Calendar a proposition to amend the Consti-
tution, to effect this very distribution, and that
the only difference between that resolution and
this thirteenth section is, in substituting the word
deposit for the word distribute.    Here it is:
Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States providing for a distribution of the sur-
plus revenues anion  the several States and Territories,
until the year eighteen hundred and forty-three.
Resoluta hi/ the Senate and House of Rcpresentatiees of
the United States of Jimrrica in Congress assembled, tro
thirds ofhoth House's concurring, That the following amend
inent to the Constitution of the United States be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States, which when rati-
tied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution : That
the money remaining in  the Trea-ury at the end of each
year, till the first of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
three, after deducting therefrom the sum of--------dollars,
shall be annually distributed among the several States and
Territories, including the District of Columbia; and that,
for this purpose, the sum to be annually distributed shall
be divided into a number of shares equal to the number of
Senators and Representatives in Congress for the time
being, with the addition of two for each Territory, and two
for the District of Columbia; and there shall be allotted to
each State a nuinberof shares equal to the number of Sen-
ators and Representatives to which it is at the time entitled
in Congress: and to the Territories, including the. District
of Columbia, two shares each.*                                               i
Having shown this pretended deposit to be a
distribution in disguise, and to be a mere evasion
of the Constitution, Mr. B. proceeded to examine
its effects, and to trace its ruinous consequences
upon the Federal Government and the States.   It !
is brought forward as a temporary measure, as a
single operation, as a thing to be done but once;
but what career, either for good or for evil, ever
stopped with the first step?   It is the first step
which costs the difficulty; that taken, the second
becomes easy, and repetition habitual.    Let this
distribution, in   this disguise, take effect, and
future distributions will be common and regular.
Every presidential election will bring them, and
larger each time, as the  consular elections in
Home, commencing with distributions of erain
from the public granaries, went on to the exhibi-
tions of games and shows, the remission of debts,
largesses of money, lands, and provisions, until
I the rival candidates openly bid against each other,
and the diadem of empire was put up at auction,
and knocked down to the last and highest bidder.
The purity of elections may not yet be affected
in our young and vigorous country, but how long
will it be before voters will look to the candidates
for the magnitude of their distributions, instead
of looking to them for the qualifications which
the presidential office requires ?
The bad consequences of this distributiin of
money to the States are palpable and frightful.
It is complicating the Federal and State systems,
and multiplying their points of contact and haz-
ards of collision. Take it as ostensibly presented,
that of a deposit or loan, to be repaid at some
future time; then it is establishing the relation of
debtor and creditor between them; a relation
critical between friends, embarrassing between a
State and its citizens, and eminently dangerous
between confederate States and their common
head. It is a relation always deprecated in our
Federal system. The land-credit system was
abolished by Congress fifteen years ago, to get
rid of the relation of debtor and creditor between
the Federal Government and the citizens of the
States; and seven or eight millions of debt, prin-
cipal and interest, was then surrendered. The
collection of a large, debt from numerous individ-
ual debtors was found to be almost impossible.
How much worse if the State itself becomes the
debtor, and more, if all the States become in-
debted together! Any attempt to collect the debt
would be attended first with ill blood, then with
cancellation. It must be the representatives of
the States who are to enforce the collection of the
debt. This they would not do. They would
stand together against the creditor. No member
of Congress could vote to tax his State to raise
money for the general purposes of the Confeder-
acy. No one could vote an appropriation which
was to become a charge on his own State treas-
ury. Taxation would first be resorted to, and
the tariff and the public lands would become the
, fountain of supply to the Federal Government.
| Taken as a real transaction—as a deposit with
the States, or a loan of the States—as this meas-
ure professes to be, and it is fraught with conse-
quences adverse to the harmony of the federal
■ Submitted by Mr. Calbouk.
system, and fraught with new burdens upon the
customs and upon the lands; taken us a fiVtion to
avoid the Constitution, as a John Doc and Rich-
ard Roe invention to convey a gift under the
name of a deposit, and to effect a distribution
under the disguise of a loan; and it is an artifice
which makes derision of the Constitution, lets
down the Senate from its lofty station, and pro-
vides a facile way for doing anything that any
Congress may choose to do in all time to come.
It is only to depose one word and install another,
it is merely to change a name, and the frowning
•Constitution immediately smiles on the late for-
bidden attempt.
To the Federal Government the consequences
of these distributions must be deplorable and de-
structive.    It must be remitted to the helpless
condition of the old Confederacy, depending for
its supplies upon the voluntary contributions of
the States.    Worse than depending upon the vol-
i untary contributions, it will be left to the gratui-
tous leavings, to the eleemosynary crumbs, which
remain upon the table after the feast of the States
is over.    God grant they may not prove to be
the feasts of the Lapithoe and Centaurs !    But the
States will be served first; and what remains may
go to the objects of common defense and national
concern for which the Confederacy was framed,
and for which the power of raising money was
confided  to Congress.     The   distribution bills
will be passed first, and the appropriation bills
afterwards; and every appropriation will be cut
down to the lowest point, and kept off to the
¡ last moment.    To stave off as long as possible,
to reduce as low as possible, to defeat whenever
possible, will be the tactics of Federal legislation,
and when  at last some object of national ex-
penditure has miraculously run the gauntlet of
all these assaults, and escaped the perils of these
multiplied dangers, behold the enemy still ahead,
and the recapture which awaits the devoted ap-
propriation, in the shape of an unexpended bal-
ance, on the 1st day of January then next ensuing.
Thus it is already: distribution has occupied us
all  the session.    A proposition to   amend the
Constitution, to enable us to make the division,
was brought in in the first month of the session.
The land bill followed, and engrossed months to
: the exclusion of national defense.    Then came
the depftsit scheme, which absorbs the remainder
1 of the session.     For nearly seven months we
have been occupied with distribution, and the
Senate has actually passed two bills to effect the
same object, and to divide  the same  identical
money.    Two bills to divide money, while one
bill cannot be got through for the great objects
of national defense named in the Constitution.
We are now near the end of the seventli month
of the session.    The day named by the Senate
for the termination of the session is long passed
by; the day fixed by the two Houses is close at
hand.    The year is half gone, and the season
for labor largely lost; yet what is the state of the
general, national, and most essential appropria-
tions?    Not a shilling is yet voted for fortifica-
tions; not a shilling for the ordnance; nothing
for filling the empty ranks of the skeleton army;
1  nothing for the new Indian treaties; nothing for
the continuation of the Cumberland road; nothing
for rebuilding the burnt down Treasury; nothing
for the custom-house in  New Orleans; nothing
'   for  extinguishing the  righ's of private corpo-
rators in (he Louisville canal, and making that
!  great thoronghfare free to the commerce of the
West; nothing for the western armory and arse-
¡ nals in the States which have none; nothing for
I the extension of the circuit court system to the
I new States of the West and Southwest; nothing
for improving the Mint machinery; nothing for
keeping the Mints regularly supplied with metals
for coining; nothing for the new marine hospi-
! tais; nothing for the expenses of the visitors now
gone to the Military Academy; nothing for the
chain of posts and the military road along the
western and northwestern frontiers.    All these,
and a long list of other objects, remain without
a cent to this day; and those who have kept them
off, now coolly turn upon us, and say the money
,  cannot be expended if appropriated, and that, on
:  the 1st of January, it must fall into the surplus
fund to be divided.
Of the bills passed, many of the most essential
