502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 18,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Deposit Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
character have been delayed for months, to the
great injury of individuals and of the public ser-
vice     Clerks and salaried officers have been bor-
rowing money at usury to support then families,
while we, wholly absorbed with dividing sur-
pluses, were withholding from them their stipu-
lated wages    LaborersatHarper'sFerryarmory
have been without money to go to market for their
families, and some had lived three weeks without
meat, because we must attend to the distribution
bills before we can attend to the pay bills     Dis-
bursing officers have raised money on then own
account to supply the want of appropriations.
Even the annual Indian annuity bill has but just
got through; the Indians even—the poor Indians,
as they were wont to be called—even they have
had to wait, in want and misery, for the annual
stipends solemnly guarantied by treaties.    All
this has already taken place under the deplorable
influence of the distribution spirit; but this is not
all that has taken place.    Something more omi-
nous has  yet occurred; something which an-
nounces a fundamental change in the policy of
the Senate, and the approaching abandonment of
the great objects for which the Confederacy was
framed.    We all recollect, and the country also
will recollect, the two months in the foie part of
this session spent in crimination and recrimina-
tion for the loss of the fortification bill of the last
year.   We all recollect, and if we did not, the
published speeches would remind us, how emu-
lously we vied with each other in patriotic pro-
testations, in repudiating blame for the loss of
that bill, and in favor of national defense.    We
all remember, and if we did not the Journal will
testify for us, how unanimously we adopted a
resolution to devote the revenue and the stock
from the Bank of the United States, and all that
the object required, to the sacred task of prepar-
ing, in time of peace, for a state of war; and how
we called upon the President to order íeports to
be made to us from the War and Navy Depart-
ments to appuseusof all that was wanting.  This
was in February; the answers came in March,
and showed us that more would be wanting than
all the surpluses would ever supply.   Inconti-
nently, upon the view of these reports, the tone
of the Senate changed, and these objects of national
defense, which had so lately received the homage
of their applause, and the pledge of their support,
become useless, ndiculous, extravagant, vision-
ary projects'    They were no longei worth atten-
tion, and to attack and decry them has now be-
come the fashion.   Notacentis yet appropriated;
and by this new fangled conception of a distribu-
tion bill—this lease, entry, and ouster concern—
whatever is appropriated is to be íecaptured on
the 1st day of January next.    Here is the íeso-
lution which we adopted in February, which will
show how the question of national defense ¡>tood
then, the votes and speeches for a month past,
will show how it stands now:
" Resohed, That =0 much of the revenue of the United
States and the dividends of stock receivable from the Bank
of the United Statf s a  may be necessary for the purpose,
ought to be set apart and applied to the general defense
anil permanent security of the country
" llesolieil, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed—
<l) The probable amount that would be neces=arv for
fortifying the lake, maritim( ,.ind gulf Irontierot theLmted
States, and «ucli point  ot the land frontier as may require
permanent fortifications
"9 The probable amount that would be neces-ary to
construct an adequate number ol armories and arsenals in
the United States, and to supply the ! tates with field
artillery (especially brass field piece ) ior their militia, and
with side arm  and pistols for their cavalry
"3 The probable amount that would be neee=«ary to
supply the United Sutes with tho ordnance, arms, ind
munitions of war, which a proper regard to self defense
would require to be always on hand.
"4 The probable amount that would be necessary to
place the naval defenses of the United States (including the
increase of the Navy, navy yards, dock yards, and steam
or floating batteries) upon the footing of strength mid re-
spectability which is due to the security and to the welfaie
ol the Union "
The progress which the distribution spirit has
made in advancing beyond its own pretensions,
is a striking ff-ature in the history of the case, and
ominous of what may be expected from its future
exactions.. Ouginally the proposition was to di-
vide the surplus. It was the surplus, and nothing
but the surplus, which was to be taken, that bona
fid„ and inevitable surplus which remamed after
ah the defenses were provided for, and all needed
appropi lations fully made. Now the defenses are
postponed anddecued, the neediulappropriations
are rejected, stinted, and deferred, till they cannot
be used, and, instead of the surplus, it is the in-
tegral revenue, it is the money in the Treasuiy,
it is the money appropuated by law, which is to
be seized upon and divided out. It is the unex-
pended balances which are now the object of all
desire and the prize of meditated distribution.
The word surplus is not in the bill' that word,
which has figured in so many speeches, which
has been the subject of so much calculation, which
has been the cause of so much delusion in the
public mind, and of so mucli excited hope, that
word is not in the bill' It is carefully, studiously,
systematically excluded, and a form ofexpiession
is adopted to cover all the money in the Treasu-
ry, a small sum excepted, although appropuated
bylaw to the most sacred and necessary objects.
A recapture of the appropriated money is intend-
ed, and thus the very identical money which we
appropriate at this session is to be seized upon
on the fiist day of January, torn away from the
objects to which they were dedicated, and absorbed
in the fund for general distribution. And why '
because the cormorant appetite of distribution
grows as it feeds, and becomes more ravenous as
it gorges. It set out for the surplus, now it takes
the unexpended balances save five millions; next
year it will take all. But it is sufficient to con-
template the thing as it is; it is sufficient to con-
template this bill as seizing upon the unexpended
balances on the first day of January, regardless
of the objects to which they are appropriated,
and to witness its effect upon the laws, the policy,
and the existence of the Federal Government
In the first place, the appropriation laws are
nullified, to the extent of one half, at least; for
we all know that the appropriations of a session,
and especially the long session, and above all the
present session, when appropriations are system-
atically staved off to pievent them from being
used—we all know that under these circumstances
about one half the money appropriated by law
remains unexpended at the end of the year, and
is intended to be used during the ensuing year.
We all know that the fiscal year of the United
States does not end in December, but in Septem-
ber; we know that the work and the service is to
go on, and the money to be paid as it becomes
due, without regard to the change of the calendar
years. Two years is the limitation for an appro-
priation to run, and this pnnciple, reasonable in
itself, is consecrated by law for forty years Sir,
we have law upon this subject, law founded in
reason, adapted to the usages of work and ser-
vice, made by our ancestors, and now standing
in full foice upon our statute-book. I allude to
the law of Maich 3,1795, approved by President
Washington; and by which the appropi lations
which weie not exhausted upon their object
within two calendar years after the year in w Inch
they aie made, should then be considered as a
surplus, and be earned to a fund denominated
the suiplus fund; and thence become applicable
to new and national objects. Heie are the pro-
visions of the act:
" Tint, in regard to any sum which shall have remained
unexpended upon any appropriation, other than lor the
public debt, 8>.c , or fjr a puipose in respect to which a
lonjerduiation is specially assuned by liw, for more than
two year  alter the e\pi ration ot the calendar year in which
the act of appropriation shall have been passed, such ap-
propriation -hall be deemed tohave ceased and been detenu
ined , and the sum so unexpended «hall be earned to an
account, on the book  ot the Treasury, to be denominated
the surplus fund But no appropriation shall be deemed to
have so ceased and determined until after the year 1795
unless it bhall appear to the Secretary ot the Treasury that
the object then ol hath been fully eati-fied, in which case
it shall be lanlul for him to cause to he carried the unex
pended residue thereof to the said account of the surplus
tuud "
This is the law, made by wise men, founded
in reason, justice, and propriety. This is the law
by vn tue of which the appropriations made at
this session would continue for two calendar years
after the 1st day of January next; yet this wise
and ancient law is to be subverted, overthrown,
nullified. Instead of two years fiom the 1st of
January next, it is at midnight on the 31st of
December next, that the unexpended balances,
without íegard to the objects foi whieh they are
applicable, are to be seized, sequestered, confis-
cated, plundered, from the Fedeial Government,
and given to the States. The leaving of five
millions is nothing, the unexpended balances will
be double or treble that amount The takino-
any part is asserting the light, and making the
precedent for taking the whole E\en these fi\e
millions, they aie left from policy, and because
it is not discreet to go the whole at once. Even
on this lemnantthe friends of distubution divide
in opinion on thisflooi ,some saying two millions,
[Mr. Webster,] some saying five, [Mr Cal-
houn,] and this last sum is evidently left fiom
policy
Such, then, is the piosiess of the distribution
spnit, a cormorant appetite, giowing as it feeds,
ravening as it goiges, seizing the appropriated
moneys, and leaving the Federal Government to
starve upon crumbs, and to die of inanition. But
this appetite is not the sole cause for this seizure.
There is anothei reason for it, connected with
the movements in this Chambei,and founded in
the deep-seated law of self-pieservation. For six
months the public mind has been stimulated with
the story of sixty millions of suiplus money in
the Treasuiy, and two months ago we, the grave
Senate of the United States, carried the rash joke
of that illusory asseveration so far as to pass a
bill to commence the distribution of that vast
sum. It was the land bill which was to do it,
commencing its swelling dividends on the fiist
day of July, dealing them out every ninety days,
and completing the splendid distribution of pi izes,
in the sixty-four million lottery, in eighteen
months from the commencement ot the drawing.
This was two months ago that we passi d this bill,
and all attempts then made to convince the people
that they were deluded were vain and useless.
Sixty-four millions they were promised; sixty-
four millions they were to have, sixty-four mil-
lions they began to want; and slates and pencils
were just as busy then in figuring out the divi-
dends of the sixty-four millions, to begin on the
first of July, as they now are in figuring out the
dividends under the forty, fifty, and sixty millions,
which are to begin on the first of January next.
And now, behold the end of the fiist chapter.
The first of July is come, but the sixty-four mil-
lions aie not in the Treasury' it is not there!
and any attempt to commence the distribution of
that sum, according to the terms of the land bill,
would bankrupt the Treasury, slop the Govern-
ment, and cause Congress to be called together
to levy taxes or make loans. So much for the
land bill, which two months ago received all the
praises which are now bestowed upon the deposit
bill. So the drawing had to be postponed; the
performance had tobe adjourned, and the first
of January was substituted for the first of July.
This gives six months to go upon, and defers tho
catastrophe of the mountain in labor until the
presidential election is over. Still the fiist of
January must come, and the ndicule would be
toogieat if there was nothing, or next to nothing,
to divide And nothing, or next to nothing,
there would be if the appropriations were fanly
made, and made in time, and if nothing but a
surplus was left to divide. There would be no
moie in the depositbanks, in thatevent, than has
usually been in the Bank of the United States,
say ten, or twelve, or fourteen, or sixteen mil-
lions, and from which, in the hands of a single
bank, none of those dangers to the country were
then seen which are now discovered in like sums
in three dozen unconnected and independent
banks. Even after all the delays and reductions
in the appropriations, the surplus will now be
but a trifle; such a trifle as must expose to ridi-
cule, or something worse, all those who have
tantalized the public with the expectation of forty,
fifty, or sixty millions to divide. To avoid this
fate, and to make up something for distribution
then, the unexpended balances have been fallen
upon, the law of 1795 is nullified; the fiscal year
is changed; the policy of the Government sub-
verted, reason, justice, propriety, outraged; all
contracts, labor, service, salaries cut off, inter-
rupted, or reduced, appropi lations recaptured,
and the Government paialyzed Sir, the people
are deceived. They are made to believe that a
surplus only, an unavoidable surplus, is to be
divided, when the fact is that appropriated moneys
are to be seized.
Sir, I am opposed to the whole policy of this
