1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
•24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Deposit Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
measure. 1 am opposed to it as going to sap the
foundations of the Federal Government, and to
undo the Constitution, and that by evasion, in
the very point for which the Constitution was
made. What is that point? A Treasury! a
Treasury ! a Treasury of its own, unconnected
wi:h,and independent of the States. It was for
tins lint wise and patriotic men wrote, and spoke,
and prayed for the fourteen years that intervened
from the declaration of independence in 1776 to
the formation of the Constitution in 1739. It
was tor this that so many appeals were so made,
somanyefi'ortsexeitedjso many fruitless attempts
i,o long repeated, to obtain from the Stales the
power of raising revenue from imports. It was
lor this that the Convention of 1787 met, and but
for this they never would have met. The forma-
tion of a Federal Treasury, unconnected with
the States and independent of the States, was the
cause of the meeting of that Convention; it was
the great object of its labors; it wus the point to
winch all its exertions tended, and it was the
point at which failure would have been the failure
of the whole object of the meeting, of the whole
frame of the General Government, and of the
whole design of the Constitution. With infinite
labor, pain , and difficulty, they succeeded in
erecting; the edifice of the Federal Treasury; we,
not builders, but destroyers, •'arehitectsof ruin,"
undo in a night what they accomplished in many
years. We expunge the Federal Treasury. We
throw the Federal Government back upon the
States for supplies. We unhinge and undo the
Constitution; and we effect our purpose by an
artifice which derides,mocks,ridicules that sacred
instrument, and opens the way to its perpetual
evasion by every paltry performer that is able to
dethrone one word, and exalt another in its
place. With such objections to the thing itself,
and to the manner of doing it, it would seem to
be supererogatory to go into other objections;
but there are other objections to the measure,
worthy of being mentioned in themselves, and
«till more as showing the true character of this
measure, that of a distribution under the name
of a deposit 
The assignability of these certificates is one of
tht se objections. They are to be assigned, when
necessary to meet appropriations made by Con-
gress, and then to bear five per cent, interest,
payable half-yearly. As a reality, it is injurious,
and may be oifensive to the States. No one likes
to have his note assigned, especially when the
assignment raises an interest where there was
none before, and which interest is higher than
others would require. The States of this Union
can borrow money for less than five per centum.
They can borrow for four, payable yearly, in
England and Holland certainly, and probably in
France. They can borrow the gold, bring it
home, clear two per rent, upon the importation,
in the present state of the exchanges, and keep
it as long as they please; twenty, thirty, forty
years. Surely, if States wish to borrow money,
England and Holland are the places to obtain it;
and a direct movement is the way to gel it. As
a reality, then, this deposit loan is a burden and
a hardship; but it is no reality; it is no real
transaction; but a fiction, a. contrivance, a sub-
terfuge, an evasion to elude the Constitution.
The certificates are never to be assigned. The
contingency on which the assignment is to be
made will never arrive. No appropriation re-
quiring it to be done will ever be made. That
appropriation would have to be made by Con-
gress; the members of Congress represent the
States, not the Federal Government; and their
first care will be to defend their own constituents.
They will not vote money to become a charge
upon their own State treasuries, to be raised by
a tax on the lands, houses, slaves, horses, and
cattle of their own constituents. Either they will
not make the appropriation at all, or they will
first cancel the assignability of the certificate, and
have recourse to an increased tariff, and to higher
prices on the public lands.
I object to the time at which this distribution is
to be made. It is not the time at which such a
thing should be done, if done at all. There is no
necessity for acting now, if ever, and we are on
the eve of a presidential election.    It is an evil
example, which may be approved to dreadful
effect at future elections. In times less pure, less
virtuous, less patriotic than the present, the pres-
idential chair, like consular robes, may be sought
through the instrumentality of largesses poured
from the public Treasury, in emulous profusion,
by the rival hands of desperate competitors. Let
it never be forgotten that the contests for office,
which ended in auctioneering the diadem of em-
pire in Rome, commenced with the apparently
innocent custom of dividing out corn from the
public granaries.
I object to the time for another reason. There
is no necessity to act at all upon this subject at
this session of Congress. The distribution is not
to take effect until after we are in session again,
and when the true state of the Treasury shall be
known. Its true state cannot be known now;
but enough is known to make it questionable
whether there will be any surplus, requiring a
specific disposition over and beyond the wants of
the country. Many appropriations are yet be-
hind; two Indian wars are yet to be finished;
when the wars are over, the vanquished Indians
are to be removed to the West; and when there,
either the Federal Government or the States must
raise a force to protect the people from them.
Twenty-five thousand Creeks, seven thousand
Seminóles, eighteen thousand Cherokees, and
others, making a totality of seventy-two thou-
sand, tire to be removed; and the expenses of
removal, and the year's subsistence afterwards,
is close upon seventy dollars per head. It is a
problem whether there will be any surplus worth
disposing of. The surplus party themselves
admit there will be a disappointment, unless they
go beyond the surplus, and seize the appropriated
moneys. The Senator from New York [Mr.
Wright] has made an exposition as candid and
perspicuous as it is patriotic and unanswerable,
showing that there will be an excess of appro-
priations over the money in the Treasury on
the day that we adjourn, and that we shall have
to depend upon the accruing revenue of the re-
mainder of the year to meet the demands which
we authorize. This is the state of the surplus ,
question; problematical, debatable; the weight I
of the evidence, and the strength of the argument, !
entirely against it; time enough to ascertain the
truth, and yet a determination to reject all evi--
dence, refuse all time, rush on to the object, and
divide the money, cost what it may to the Con-
stitution, the Government, the good of the States,
and the purity of elections. The catastrophe of
the land bill project ought certainly to be a warning
to us. Two months ago it was pushed through
as the only means- of saving the counírr—as the
blessed act which was to save the Republic. It
was to commence on the 1st day of July its
ma;rnifice#t operation of distributing sixty-four
millions—now it lies.a corpse in the House of
Representatives, a monument of haste and folly;
its very authors endeavoring to supersede it by
another measure, because it could not take effect
without ruining the country, and, what is equally
important to them, ruining themselves!
Admitting that the year produces more reve-
nue than is wanting, is it wise? is it statesman-
like? is it consonant with our experience to take
fright at the event and throw the money away ?
Did we not have forty millions of income in the
year 1817 ? and did we not have an empty Treas--
ury in 1819 ? Instead of taking frightand throw-
ing the money away, the statesman should look
into the cause of things; he should take for his
motto the prayer of Virgil, "Cognoxere causa
rerum." Let me know the cause of things, and,
learning this cause, act accordingly. If the re-
dundant supply is accidental and transient, it
will quickly correct itself; if founded in laws,
alter them. This is the part not merely of wis-
dom, but of common sense. It was the conduct
of 1817, when the excessive supply was seen to
be the effect of transient causes—termination of
the war and efflorescence of the paper system—
and left to correct itself, which it did in two years.
It should be the conduct now, when the exces-
sive income is seen to be the effect of the laws and
the paper system combined, and when legislation
or regulation is necessary to correct it. Reduc-
tion of the tariff; reduction of the price of land to
kctual settlers; rejection of bank paper from uni-
versal receivability for public dues; these are the
remedies. After all, the whole evil may be found
in a single cause, and the whole remedy may be
seen in a single measure. The public lands are
exchangeable for paper. Seven hundred and fifty
machines are at work striking off paper; that
paper is performing the grand rounds, from the
banks to the public kinds, and from the lands
to the banks. Everybody, especially a public
man, may take as much as his trunks can carry.
The public domain is changing into paper; the
public Treasury is filling up with paper; the new
States are deluged with paper; the currency is
ruining with paper; farmers, settlers, cultivators,
are outbid, deprived of their selected homes, or
made to pay double for them, by public men
loaded, not like Phillip's ass, with bags of gold,
but like bank advocates, with bales of paper.
Sir, the evil is in the unbridled state of the paper
system, and in the unchecked receivability of
paper for Federal dues. Here is the evil. BankB
are our masters; not one, but seven hundred
and fifty ! and this splendid Federal Congress,
like a chained and chastised slave, lies helpless
and powerless at their feet.
Thus far, Mr. President, I have contemplated
this measure in its effects upon the Federal Gov-
ernment; now let us turn our eyes to the States,
and see what is to be its effect upon them. In
the very outset, it is to them the golden apple
which the goddess of discord rolled over the fes-
tive board; contend for it, and fraud and cunning
award the prize. Elections in every county, legis-
lation upon every subject, fall within its vortex.
Projects of all kinds spring up; the people get
nothing. Associated wealth, joint stock compa-
nies, chartered monopolies, paper barons, South
Sea bubbles, and Mississippi schemes, take it
all. The counties will in vain ask for their share;
if they get it, the townships will in vain solicit
their proportion from the county. If perchance
the township obtained its ratable share, then some
projector of that township would get all to him-
self. "The large fish eat the small ones." On
the contrary, if the whole sum is fairly divided
among the whole population, and every head of
a family gets what he is entitled to, what is it
then but the spectacle of a people pensioned by
the Federal Government, fed from the public
1 Treasury, like degenerate Romans, or receiving
I annuities like mendicant Indians ? Sir, there is
no right way to do this thing. It is a connec-
tion against nature between the States and the
Federal Government; and, like all unnatural con-
nections, must end in misery and mischief to
both parties.
I A word to the small States. They have come
into this measure upon the tempting advantage
of double sharers—a share for their Senators as
well as for their Representatives. That is some
advantage for them; but do they see they have
no security for it in future divisions ? It is the
rule of division put into the proposed amendment
of the Constitution by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun;] there it would have
been safe. If the Constitution had been amended
as proposed, they would have had their security;
but it has not been amended, but evaded. A
word is changed; the Constitution is dodged;
and the small States lie at the mercy of the large
ones in all future distributions. Not only in the
rule of distribution, which will soon be changed,
first, to bear on all the small States by taking
away the divisions for Senators; and next, to
: bear on all the slave States by counting only the
¡ white population; not only in changing the rule
| will the small States be injured, but by another
1 and more vexatious process; it will be in the
appropriations. The large States make the ap-
propriations, and will take care of themselves.
Twice they will take the lion's share; once by
appropriations, when their strength will enable
them to take what they please; again, by distri-
bution, when their numbers will give them nearly
all the remainder.
A word to the States in which revenue is to be
raised.    We have no revenue but from land and
imports.    The new States contain the land, the
planting States to the south furnish the exports
! which bring home the imports which furnish the
