504
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
24th Cong.-.. 1st Sess.     Documentary History of the American Revolution—Mr. Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
duties. The West and the South, then, are to
bear the burdens of a revenue, which others are
to share more largely than themselves. To keep
up and to increase that revenue will be the care
of the majority. Farewell now to all prospect
of reduction in the price of the public lands;
farewell to preemptions—to occupant rights—to
grants to States and colleges—to all equitable
settlement of French and Spanish concessions;
Farewell to all that! Hail to the new tariff!—to
that tariff which the elections of Jackson and Van
Buren laid low in 183a, and which, in 1840, and
under the maternal incubation of this miscalled
deposit bill, will spring forth from the thigh of
its father, like the fabulous offspring of Jupiter,
full grown and armed, helmet on the brow and
lance in the band.
Sir, I can see nothing but evil, turn on which
side I may, from this fatal scheme of dividing
money;  not surplus  money, but appropriated
funds; not by an amendment, but by a derisory
evasion of the Constitution.  Where is it to end ?
History shows us that those who begin revolu-
tions never end them; that those who commence
innovations never limit them.   Here is a great
innovation, constituting in reality—not in figure
of speech, but in reality—a revolution in the form
of our Government;  we set out to divide the
surplus; we are bow dividing the appropriated
funds.   To prevent all appropriations except to
the powerful States will be the next step; and the
«mall States, in self-defense, must oppose all ap-
propriations, and go for a division of the whole.
They will have to stand together in the Senate,
and oppose all appropriations.  It will not do for
the large States to take all the appropriations
first, and the bulk of the distribution afterwards;
and there will be no way to prevent it but to re-
fuse all appropriations, divide out the money
among the States, and let each State lay it out
for itself.   A new surplus party will supersede
the present surplus party, as successive factions
supersede each otherin chaotic revolutions. They
will make Congress the quaestor of provinces, to
collect money for the States to administer.   This
will be their argument:  the   States know best
what they need, and can lay out the money to
the best advantage, and to suit themselves.   One
State will want  roads and no canals, another
canals and no roads; one will want forts, another
troops,; one wants ships, another steam cars; one
wants high schools, another low schools; one is
for the useful arts, another is for the line arts,
for lyceums, athenaeums, museums, arts, stat-
uary, painting,   music;   and the paper States
will want all for banks.   Thus things will go on,
and Congress will have no appropriation to make,
except to the President and his head clerks, and
their under clerks.    Even our own pay, like it
was under the Confederation, may be remitted to
our own States.   The eight dollars a day may be
voted to them, and supported by the argument
that they can get better men for four dollars a day,
and so save half the money, and have their work
better done.   Such is the progress of this road to
ruin.    Sir, I say of this measure, as I said of its
progenitor, the land bill, if I could be willing to
let evil pass that good might come of it, I should
be willing to let this bill pass.    A recoil, a reac-
tion, a revulsion must take place.   This Confed-
eracy cannot go to ruin.   This Union has a place
in the hearts of the people which will save it from
nullification in disguise, as well as from nullifica-
tion in arms.   One word of myself.   It is now ten
years since schemes of distribution were broached
upon this floor.   They began with a Senator from
New Jersey, now Secretary of the Treasury,
[Mr. Dickerson.] They were denounced by many
for their unconstitutionality, for their corrupting
tendency, and their fatal effects upon the Federal
and State governments.   I took my position then,
have stood upon it during all the modifications
of the original scheme, and continue standing
upon it now.     My answer then was, pay the
public debt, and reduce the taxes—my answer
now is, provide for the public defenses, reduce
the taxes, and bridle the paper system.   On this
ground I have stood—on this I stand; and never
did I feel more satisfaction and more exultation
in my vote when triumphant in numbers than I
now do in a minority of six.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN
REVOLUTION.
REMARKS  OF HON. C. JOHNSON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
Jpril 18, 1836,
On the motion made by lnni to strike out the item of
,$•20,000 for the Documentary History of ilie American
Revolution.
Mr. JOHNSON said he would state to the
House as briefly as he could the objections which
he had to the appropriation of $20,000 for the
Documentary History of the American Revolu-
tion. He felt it his duty to do so because of the
erroneous remarks attributed to him in the Globe,
which gave the debates in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union the other day,
as well as to correct an error which he had him-
self fallen into in the estimate submitted to the
committee of the cost of each volume of the in-
tended publication. He had stated to the com-
mittee that the cost of each volume would exceed
twenty dollars, and the cost of the whole work,
if limited to twenty volumes of eight hundred
pages, would be over $408,000. Upon examina-
tion, he had ascertained that each volume of the
size proposed would cost $13 60, and the twenty
volumes the exact sum of $408,000. Mr. J. said
the contract had been made by Mr. Living-
ston with the publishers, under the provisions
of the act of the 2d March, 1833, which author-
ised the Secretary of State " to contract" with
them for the publication of the " Documentary
History of the American Revolution" in octavo
or folio volumes, provided " that the rate of
expense shall not exceed the actual cost per
! volume of the Diplomatic Correspondence now
printing under the direction of the Secretary of
State."
On the 19th of March afterwards, the contract
was made which has been read to the House,
binding the United States to take fifteen hundred
copies of the work at one cent and seven tenths
for each page, equaling $13 60 for each volume
of eight hundred pages. There is no limitation
in the contract as to the number or size of vol-
umes, or of the documents to be inserted in the
publication, nor any time fixed for the comple-
tion of the contract; all these things are left to
the discretion of the publishers. He supposed
it was the main object of the act of the 2d March,
1833, to have a contract made for these purposes,
fixing a reasonable compensation, some limita-
tion to the work, and the period of its comple-
tion. Congress need not have referred to the
Secretary of State the number of the copies that
was to be taken—that could have beenftettled by
the House without difficulty; but all the other
considerations alluded to could not have been so
readily adjusted, and it was therefore referred to
him. Every consideration that must have oper-
ated upon Congress, in referring it to the Secre-
tary, seems to have been overlooked or forgotten.
TheSecretary merely fixes the number of copies
to be taken and the price to be paid. Congress
has nothing to do but stand by and pay the
I! extraordinary and extravagant price of $13 60 per
i j volume, as the publishers choose to call for it,
'' without limitation of time, and for such stuff as
may suit their interest or pleasure to insert in the
publication. Mr. J. said that in his opinion the
contract would be more profitable to the publish-
ers than an annuity of$10,000, unaccompanied by
any duty to be performed. There was no end to
the materials which might be inserted in the pub-
lication, m The resolves, addresses, memorials,
remonstrances, and other proceedings of the peo-
ple, the Assemblies and other local authorities
of the Colonies;" " the correspondence and pro-
ceedings" of the British Government; " the pub-
lic papers of Congress and the several States,
their officers and agents," and all other papers in
relation to the Federal or State Governments, as
well as every other document or paper which
could be found in Europe or America connected
with this country from its first discovery to the
close of the American Revolution, seemed to be
within the scope of the contemplated publication,
and which Congress, under the contract, would
be bound to take at whatever price they might
cost; and he had but little doubt that the publi-
cation, under the contract, might as readily be
made to cost four or five millions of dollars as
the sum of near half a million, to which they
propose now to limit it, if it is to be understood
that the work is not to exceed twenty volumes
of eight hundred pages each.
Mr. J. said that, in his opinion, Mr. Living-
ston had omitted everything which was required
to be done by the act, that was material to the
interest of the United States, and which was in
the contemplation of Congress at the time of the
passage of the act. " To contract" for the publi-
cation, meant something more than the mere sub-
scription to the work, and specifying the number
of copies to be taken, and the price. The man-
ner in which the work was to be done—the proper
selection of the materials tobe inserted in it—the
proper limitation of the copies to be taken—the
number of volumes to be published—the size of
the volumes, and the cost of each—all must have
been regulated by the Secretary, to have fulfilled
the expectations of Congress. These considera-
tions seem not to have entered the mind of Mr.
Livingston; and the little he did irr accordance
with the objects of Congress, in the reference to
him, greatly exceed the authority given him by
the act. The act limits the expense to the "actual
cost" of the Diplomatic Correspondence, which
they ascertain to be, as stated in the contract,
$2 20 for each volume of five hundred and forty-
four pages; but this admitted price of that work,
the "actual cost,"is not taken by them as the basis
upon which the new contract is to be made. A
" good and copious index" is to be added to the
new publication in lieu of the table of contents in
the Diplomatic Correspondence, and which they
suppose should increase the value of each volume
eleven and one half cents—and this is assumed
as the ground upon which the contract is made
for the payment of the new publication, and with-
out other reference to the "actual cost" as re-
quired by the act of Congress.
Mr. J. said the question was now fairly pre-
sented to the House, whether we should permit
the parties to proceed with the publication, and
make the appropriations necessary to enable them
to progress with it; or whether we should at once
put an end to the contract, and pay such a sum
as might be deemed an adequate and just remu-
neration for the expenses incurred already, or the
damages sustained by the publishers; that he
should never, whilst he had the honor of a seat
upon this floor, vote one dollar for the fulfillment
of the present contract. He had no doubt that
the Congress of 1833 had been deceived and mis-
led by those interested in the publication, as to
the extent of the work, as well as the necessary
expenditures to complete it. He was himself a
member of that Congress, and was opposed to
the passage of that law, as he is now to the further
progress of the publication, and he felt confident,
if that Congress had been aware of the extraor-
dinary sum to be expended, the passage of the
law never could have been procured. He him-
self had not the least idea of the expense of the
contemplated publication until long after its pas-
sage.
The best mode of getting such measures
through both Houses of Congress was well un-
derstood by those interested in this publication.
The papers submitted to Congress at the time,
and now reported to the House by the Secretary
of State, were well calculated to deceive the mem-
bers as to the extent of the work, and quiet their
apprehension as to any extraordinary expendi-
ture being necessary to complete it. He would
not say that they had been drawn up with that
view, or were so intended by the publishers. He-
was convinced, however, that such had been the
effect. The name itself, " The Documentary
History of the American Revolution," would
imply a collection of papers interesting and use-
ful to the country, and which might be embraced
in a volume or two of moderate size. No man
could have suspected under it a collection of
public papers in relation to " the origin of the
several colonies, their charters, bills of rights,
and public papers previous to 1763," which might
