1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Bouldin.
Ho. of Reps.
be made to extend to any number of volumes at
the discretion of the publishers, and cost millions
of dollars instead of hundreds of thousands. The
namo itself was calculated to mislead and deceive
the House. The phraseology of the law itself
was not more specific Even the memorial of the
publishers to Congress upon which the act was
founded, gave no precise information of the nature
or character of the work, further than the title
implied, except in reference to a letter addressed
by them to the Secretary of State, bearing date
the 18th of July, 1831 And even in that letter
it is not clearly shown to what extent documents
relating to events anterior to the encroachments
bv the British Government in 1763, are to be
introduced.
The publishers knew well that, in the press of
public business which occurred at the conclusion
of every session of Congress, and particularly of
the short session, such a proposition was likely
to escape the attention of the members, unless
there was something upon the face of it calculated
to excite suspicion of an unusual or extraordi-
nary expenditure—that the opinion of members
would be formed from the descriptive title given
to the work, and that a " Documentary History
of the American Revolution," to be contracted
for by the Secretary of State, would be such a
proposition as not to excite the least suspicion
of the expenditure of a million or two of dollars.
The bill passed the Senate a few days before the
close of the session, and was taken up and passed
by the House on the last night of the session for
business, and seems to have attracted no atten-
tion whatever. The fact  stated by the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina were con-
clusive as to the imposition practiced upon the
House—the proposition for the same publication
had been before Congress ia June, 1832, the bill
specifying upon its face the sum of eight dollars
per volume of eight hundred pages, which the
publishers were then willing to take At the next
session of Congress, composed of the same indi-
viduals, the same proposition is again submitted
to both Houses of Congress, a new bill introduced
omitting the eight dollars, which had caused its
failure the preceding session, and the Secretary
of State is authorized to contract, and actually
contracts to pay almost doable the sum the same
Carties were willing to take aix or nine months
efore. No reasonable man, under such cireura 
stances, knowing all the facts, would have voted
for such a law, or made such a contract. He
repeated that he did not doubt that Congress had
been egregiously imposed upon by those inter-
ested in the publication, and that Mr. Livingston
had been grossly negligent of the interests of the I
United States in the performance of the duties
assigned him under the act. To render this law
more palatable, if perchance it was looked into
by any member, a copy of the publication was to
be given to each member of that Congress, which
would be equal to two hundred and seventy-two
dollars each, if the publication should be limited,
as proposed, to twenty volumes of eight hundred
^"he passage of'similar propositions by the
House of Representatives often occurs without
the attention of the members being ealled to the
subject The other day a resolution proposed to
give the new members of the present Congress
the same books that had been given to the mem-
bers of the last Congress; a proposition appa-
rently reasonable and fair, and not calculated to
excite in the members of the House any suspicion
of an extraordinary expenditure. And he had
reason to believe that the honorable member who
introduced the proposition was not himself aware
of the extent of the expenditure that would be in-
curred by its adoption. It has been examined
with care, and the cost to the United States would
have been near one hundred thousand dollars,
giving to each of the new members over one thou-
sand dollars' worth of books. The resolution had
been accidentally arrested, and he hoped might
be finally defeated. He had no doubt the law of
1833 passed unobserved by the members of the
House. The same individuals who rejected a bill
proposing the publication of the same book at
eight dollars lor each volume, would not probably
have voted for a project that has been made to
cost the United States neat double that sum.
Mr. J. said he thought it was time that this
House should ¿>ut an end to the publication of
books. He had looked into the subject for a
few years past, and was convinced that expendi-
tures for that purpose, in the way they had been
made, were the most useless and improper of all
other applications of the public moneys known to
him. Mr. J. here read a list of the books pub-
lished by Congress since 1826, specifying the
books, the number of volumes, and the amount
paid by Congress, and said that from this state-
ment, it appeared that the whole expenditure for
that period amounted to the sum of $397,994;
and if the present contract was continued and
completed, we should have over $400,000 more
to add to that sura, which, if judiciously ex-
pended, would have secured for Congress the
best library in the world. He must say, how-
ever, that, in his opinion, large sums of money
had been squandered in jobs for favorite printeis
and contractois of Congress, and without a
proper regard to the interest of the public. He
was willing to appropriate from the public Treas-
ury liberally for the purchase of a national library,
but he thought Congress should cease to be a
publisher; the contract with Clarke & Force
ought to satisfy every member of that.
CHEROKEE TREATY.
REMARKS OF HON JAMES M. BOULDIN,
OP VIRGINIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
June 29, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the bill making further
appmpnationa for carrying into effect certain Indian
treaties.
The question pending was the motion of Mr
Adams, to strike out the first section of the bill,
as follows
For the amount stipulated to be paid for the lands ceded
in the first article of the treaty with the Cherokeés of the
39th of December, 163n, deducting the coat of the land to
be provided for them weit of the Mississippi, under the
second article of 6aid treaty, $4,500,000
Mr. BOULDIN said- I wish to make a few
remarks upon the subject before the committee.
It is one on which 1 have felt much, and have
thought for some time
What is the policy, the design, of the United
States in regard to the Indians ' What has been
their policy and their practice' Whence did they
derive the title to all the wide domain of which
they are the proud owner' Did they not derive
it, or rather wrest it, from the possession of the
natives—the Indians; and has it not been the
uniform and persevering policy of the United
States, hitherto, to drive them off, or exterminate
them' What means this change of policy' Have
they relented, or repented, and do they mean to
change their policy' Let them, then, give up all
the lands they have, by the tomahawk and scalp-
ing-knife, or the rifle, taken from that gallant but
unfortunate race, and I will believe in their pity
and their repentance. If they do not mean this,
what do they maan' Do they mean, after having
driven these unfortunate beings from the North
and East to the South and Southwest, by treaties
and cruelties far worse than have been lately
practiced, to use the whole power of the Confed-
eracy, thus acquired, to compel the people of
Georgia and their neighbors to submit to the
scalping knife and the tomahawk' Do they mean
that an independent savage nation shall remain
forever in the heart of a civilized sovereign State'
Do they believe this practicable—possible to be
executed> Do they mean that these savages shall
remain there, scalping and tomahawking, under
the protection of the Federal Court of the Federal
Government, until they have taken their ven-
geance on these helpless, defenseless women and
children, and obtained as much money for their
land as they may think proper to demand' Sir,
what is to be the policy of this Government in
regard to them ' Will they abandon the idea of
removing them ' Will they cease to exterminate
them' Do they think that by denying them all
the privileges under our Government, and pro-
tection under our laws, all participation in our
privileges, and mixing of blood, we can make
them friendly and civilize them' I again inquire,
what is to be the policy hereafter in regard to
them '
It is said they have been grossly cheated, that
they will be compelled to give up this land by
force, if they ever do surrender it Sir, would
they everhave surrendered their land, their home,
and their country, had they not been compelled
to do it' That we have taken this country from
the savages, in whose possession it was when we
found it, is certain, all the world knows it, and
we could not disguise it if we desired to do so.
What signifies this talk of relenting and íepent-
mg' If a man wrongs another, let him make
restitution; let those that mean to alter their
course in regard to the savages deliver up their
country to them. When this is done, I will have
some faith in this relenting and repenting. Let
a man, or a country, or a State, or a section, re-
lent and repent for himself or itself, and if they
have robbed any, let them make restitution; re-
store the same back. I will not go to the Mosaic
law, and íequire three or four fold Let them
return the lands, and invite these Indians to them,
and this will make entire peace with the Indians.
But it is said these Indians have been dreadfully
cheated, and to prove it, several papers have been
read, telling long tales both ways, the credibility
of both witnesses is fully established. What
shall we do with them ' Believe both or neithei'
I believe they are both respectable men, I cannot
question it; I do not wish to question it, they
appear to be rivals for the favor of the Govern-
ment, and do not look through the same glass.
This treaty has been made by our Piesident
and hisofficeis, and ratified by the Senate, and
shall I not believe them sooner than tales of this
sort' Look, sir, too, at the sum, five million 
six hundred thousand dollars' When was such
a sum evei paid for Indian lands before' I am
not particularly informed; but did all the lands
for many miles on the Atlantic, from Maine to
Georgia, cost that much money' If not, why
should we infer that these Indians were cheated,
when they have conveyed away a spot of land,
(in general not very feuile,) in comparison with
what has been acquired from them for less money,
not laiger than the palm of my hand, for this
vast sum'
Mr. Chairman, I hope that neither you nor any
other person, in or out of the House, will mis
understand me in regard to these people. I think
they are a noble, gallant, injured race I think
they have suffered nothing but wrong and injury
from us since the Anglo-Saxon race (bon owing
an expression of Mr. Randolph, my predecessor
which seems to have become popular) first landed
in this country. But as things are now, this)
nation of men cannot remain in the heart of civil-
ization unless they will submit to the laws of the
States in which they reside It is impossible to
be executed, and in my opinion cruel to attempt
it The end of it will be that a few of the whites
will be barbarously killed and the Indians ex-
terminated Sir, a melancholy overcasts my
mind whenever I think of this too probable issue
in regard to the red man—his gradual but entire
extinction. I believe, and ever have believed
that if the States where they reside would but
treat them with humanity, and acknowledge then
equality as men, and mix with them and give
them all the advantages of civilized men, and
compel them to submit to the laws of civilization
they would find them worthy of their friendship
and confidence I must think this, for many of
our first families and most distinguished patriots
are descended from the Indian race My heart
1 compels me to feel for them, for some of my
I nearest relations (not that I have myself any of
their blood) are descended from the Indian race.
I always wished to see pursued the same policy
that was suggested and practiced by the gallant
and wise Captain Smith, who made the first per-
manent settlement here He treated them sternly,
kindly, affectionately, and made them obey the
laws of England, so far as the Indians fell within
his jurisdiction. He encouiaged marriages be-
tween them and the whites, and wiote a beauti-
ful letter to Q,ueen Ann concerning Pocahontas,
setting forth the advantages of such a policy.
Aftei Pocahontas's marriage with Rolfe, during
her life all was harmony between the whites and
