1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
'J 1th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Harbor Bill—Mr. Cambreleng.
Ho. op Reps.
to make them nn appropriation for a harbor, and '
then sold out their lots on speculation. Thou-
sands were squandered in bribes for votes, by
making an appropriation for objects entirely
use ess, and where the only nil vantage was a job
m the < xpenditure of the nionev.
Mr. K. s-ud it could not be disguised and ought
net to be denied, that this abominable system of
plunder was earned through Congress by inter-
ested combinations, and could succeed in no other
mi iv. M nibers, by the skill of the managers,
wi re frequently placed in such a situation that
thi v were obliged to vote for the bill, however
ol>¡- ctionable, to save themselves with their con-
stituents. An honest member of the other House
liad told him that he had in this way been com-
p.l'ed to vote for the.lull, although he pronounced
it ,-a bill of abominations," and hoped it might
b.- arresied in the Senate. The member alluded
11 had pronounced this new harbor bill-one of the
most corrupt combinations of* interested specula-
tion that had ever disgraced the country, and such
he believed it.
Mr. K. then called the attention of the. Senate
to another trick by which these managers had
furnished evidence of their skill. It would be
recollected that we had passed a moderate harbor
hill long since, and sent it to the other House.
IVu haw never heard of it since, until ice find it
actually incorporated in the monster before im. Why
was tins' Whv, it was only to unite the inter-
ests of the two bills. Among other things, no
doubt, great calculations of strength were made
by uniting the breakwater with the improvement
of the Mississippi, and by this unnatural union
between the French and the Friends, we are (said
hei swept on by a current as irresistible as that
of the Mississippi itself.
And here he was reminded (he said) of the
curious argument of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr   Niles.]    That Senator had given us
sound doctrine, with much ability and great earn-
estness.    He had pronounced the whole system
wrong, partial, unconstitutional, and unjust, and
condemned  the   bill  as very objectionable; yet
concluded by saying he should vote for the bill,
because, now  the system  had commenced,  we
could not stop it!    I know " we can't stop it,"
unless we vote against it.    This fraudulent ex-
penditure isdoublingonus by millions pcrannum,
and gentlemen denounce it as in duty bound; ex-
press their alarm, shut their eyes and vole for if;
and say, " we can't stop it."    He felt some dif-
ficulty  in   comprehending  the  principle  which
led to this fatal necessity.   He hoped even the
frierds of the bill would have some mercy upon
the South and West, and be satisfied at the present
session with the enormous bill already passed.
Let us have a little lime to recover from the shock,
and look into this heavy bill pushed upon us
at the very last hour of the last day of the ses-
sion,  involving   an   expenditure  so   enormous
and which the committee themselves tell us they
have had no time to examine.    He hoped they
would allow the bill to he over till the next ses-
sion, to give time to learn, at least, where the places
art for whose benefit we proposed to saddle the
country with such a vast expenditure.    There
was another reason why the friends of the bill
should be content with this course.    That was
the great amount of our appropriations during
the present year, and the extreme difficulty of
procuring labor at any price.    Labor was now
one hundred per cent, on the usual prices.    And
the great additional demand that would be created
by these large Government expenditures would
render it impossible to expend anything during
the present year with any regard to economy.
He hoped these considerations would induce the
Senate to postpone the bill to the first day of
the next session, and he made a motion for that
purpose.______________________
NEW ARMORIES, &c.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN P. KING,
OP GEORGIA,
In Senate, June 30, 1836,
On the lull to e<.tabli-h a Foundery and Armory in tlie West,
and Ar-ienals in the States where none have hecn oitab-
li.-Oied, &c.
Mr. KING said that, as he was in favor of
some of the objects of the bill, it was with great
reluctance that he voted against the bill, on ac-
couut of some items that lie could not approve.
He could not at any time vote for a bill any
part of the object of which was the expenditure
of money alone without regard to national utility;
and that this was a bill of this character seemed
partially acknowledged by some of its friends.
There was no fitness in establishing arsenals
in every State, without regard to location or
utility. And one half, at least, of the arsenals
proposed would be as useless as would be a horse
stable in the city of Venice. And tis to the
armory in the West, it was about as much called
for as an additional capítol or a navy-yard in the
western prairies.
Where was the necessity for it? We had now
on hand upwards of eight hundred thousand
stand of arms, which he himself thought enough,
as it was about as many as France or England
had, with their large military establishments
and three times our population. The utmost
that any one required was one million, and we
now propose to expend $555,000 for nn armory,
only required to expedite the supply of two hun-
dred thousand stand of arms—not needed imme-
diately, and he believed not needed at all—when
the number required would be supplied from ex-
isting establishments before the work would be
completed. In answer to all this, however, it
was said that justice required an expenditure of
money in the West.
He could not subscribe to such a principle.
The work was a national work, and if it were not
necessary anywhere it was not necessary in the
West. If the Senator from Mississippi wished
another depot in his State, let him have it; if
another were needed in Missouri, let it be built;
and if more were shown to be necessary any-
where in the West or elsewhere, he was ready
to vote for them, but could not vote for works
of enormoos cost in the construction, and which
would have to be kept up at a very heavy addi-
tional annual expenditure, merely for the pur-
pose of expending money in any particular section
of the country.
In truth, the importance of these expenditures
was greatly overrated by gentlemen. Wealth was
never created in any community by a mere ex-
penditure of money. Jobbers might be enriched
by Government expenditures, but communities
were only enriched by a steady increase of capital,
and permanent investments increasing the quan-
tity of valuable products. He could refer his
friend from Missouri to an example upon a small
scale of a community depending upon Govern-
ment expenditure alone. He referred to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whose financial condition the
Senator himself had truly stated to be worse
than that often miles square in any part of the
globe, not excepting the deserts of Arabia. He
thought uncertain expenditures in this coun-
try, where all the population were already well
employed, was attended often with injurious,
rather than beneficial consequences, as the people
were too apt to depend on expenditures alone.
After referring tD the subject of a national foun-
dery, which he said he was disposed to vote for,
that we might have a national establishment of
this kind, although we were pressed by no neces-
sity on this head, as we could be abundantly
supplied with cannon from the existing private
establishments, he concluded by regretting that
he could not vote for the bill in consequence of
the objectionable items it contained.
THE HARBOR BILL.
REMARKS OF HON. C. C. CAMBRELENG,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 24, 1836,
On Mr. Pattom's motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the new Harbor Bill.
Mr. CAMBRELENG did not rise to make a
speech.     He hoped  gentlemen who had  long
speeches on hand at this late period of the ses-
sion would follow the example of a member from
Louisiana, of a former Congress, who, after strug-
gling six weeks for the floor, and threatening the
House with a speech of a week in length, finished
it in fifteen minutes—having, as he said, put forth
the heads, intending to write it out. He recom-
mended to gentlemen who had long speeches on
haud, in consideration of the public business, to
give the committee nothing but the heads. I have
not (said Mr. C.) any such speech on hand, and
should not have said one word upon the question
had I not been compelled to reply to the renewed
and unexpected attack made upon me yesterday
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
That gentleman seems to fancy himself the most
persecuted man in the nation. He complains of
having been attacked for months past by public
journals—by the President of the United States
—by the great Globe itself. I have certainly a
right, if any one on this floor has, to sympathize
with the gentleman; for no one has been through-
out this session more honored by the assiduous
attention of the Opposition journals, from the
highest to the lowest, with very few exceptions.
I have not only met with scurrility abroad, but
it has been my fortune to encounter even on this
floor the most vulgar abuse. I could not, sir,
consider such attacks, whether in this House or
out of it, as in any degree worthy of notice, much
less of complaint; far from it. It would be un-
generous indeed in me to withhold my gratitude
for this solitary but profitable evidence of the
friendship of my political opponents.
The  gentleman  from Tennessee attacks the
Speaker for the organization of the committees,
and especially of the Committee of Ways and
Means.   Politically, there is no change.   Besides
those who were continued on the committee, we
have, as we had last year, a member from Geor-
gia, and Tennessee, and one from Maine, in place
of a gentleman from New Hampshire, now of
the Senate.   The only change of any importance
was in substituting the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts,  [Mr. Lawrence,] a member of the
Opposition, for a gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
McKiNLET.la friend of the Administration, not
now a member of the House.    But the gentle-
man charges that the committee has been organ-
ized "on the principle of extravagance;" and
| that its chairman represents a city " most inter-
ested  in  appropriations."    Whatever interest,
' sir, the city of New York may have in our appro-
I priations, as the principal depository of the pub-
lic  money, she certainly has none in  making
them extravagant.   On the contrary, if in dis-
charging my duty as chairman of that committee
', I had consulted the interest of New York only,
I should have united with the gentleman from
Tennessee and his friends, and by retarding the
1 appropriations for the public service, have added
some two or three millions to the amount of the
public money remaining in our banks.
The gentleman from Tennessee has animad-
verted on the extravagance of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and has done me the honor to
ascribe that extravagance chiefly to my efforts.
I "The credit," he says, " of passing the deposit
bill, is due to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means"—to those extravagant meas-
ures proposed by me. Sir, the gentleman from
Tennessee is not the only member of either House
i or of either party who will find it necessary to
offer some apology to the country for voting for
what he calls " substantially distribution. This
argument about extravagant appropriations has
been urged elsewhere, and even by some who
are friendly to this Administration. But on what
foundation does this apology rest? What are
these extravagant appropriations for the public
service which have compelled gentlemen to vote
for a measure that cannot be defended? I speak
not now of the multiplicity of bills which are
reported at this, as they have been at every ses-
sion, by the various committees of this House
and the other, embracing new and extravagant
appropriations; I refer not to what has been pro-
jected, but to what has been done by a majority
of both Houses.
What has been done for the Navy, the idol of
all parties? How many millions of our immense
surplus have we appropriated to ^engthen thls
ri^ht arm of our defense. Not $2,000,000, sir;
all the excess for every naval purpose is only_
about *1,700,000, and a portion even of that
amount is to be applied to other purposes than
