516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
being confined to my room with a burning fever
al! y stenlay,) I will insist on gentlemen making
good their aiguments on the deposit bill, that when
too muc'i ¡none  has been collected 61/ a Gove) nment
sf the people, tí is but justice tt should be paid back
to them. Now, what more equitable mode is theie
," paying it back than making an equal distribu-
tion to the States' Theie appears to me to be
none If tins bill should pass, there will be man-
ifest injustice done the States; but, sir, 1 believe
the piacuce is to include just enough rivers to
make a irnjonty of votes for the bill, and then
its fuends vote but all amendments, and pass the
b>ll. I hope the vote on this amendment and the
bill will show that that practice has been aban-
doned as unworthy of statesmen.
Mr. Chairman, there are other objections to
this b I. I will mention one only: the sum of
$200,000 intended to be appropriated by this bill
for the lnrpovement of the Hudson river is to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
"War, according to the estimates of the engineer
department reported to the present session of
Congress. Now, sir, according to those esti-
mates, the work is to cost upwards of eight hun-
dred thousand dollars; then the person superin-
tending the work must make the improvements
so as to cost this eight hundred thousand dollars
without regard to its necessity or utility.
On looking into the estimates of last year, we
find the engineer then estimated the whole 1m-
provementHeeessaryonsaidnvertocost$212,000, |
and the bill passed at that time appropriating 1
$70,000 for the improvement of the navigation of
Hudson river,directed the money to be expended
according; to the estimates then furnished this
House; and every gentleman had a right to expect,
from the report of the engineer at that time, we
never would  be called  on  for more than  the |
$212,000 to complete the  improvement of the I
river.  But, sir, to our astonishment, in one short
year the estimates have increased upwards of
$600,000 for this one object; and we are now  I
gravely asked by the chairman of the committee
who reported the bill, if we are going to throw  |
away the $70,000 heretofore spent in the improve-
ment of said river, or will we go on with the work
and complete it?  We are told that this is not the
time to object to the expediency of the measure;
that question has been settled by a former Con-
gress.    All we have to do is to make the appro-
priations to complete the works heretofore com-  1
menced.    If this position  be  true,  ought not
gentlemen to confine themselves to the estimates  [
made to the Congress that commenced the work ?  1
I would want nothing more than the facts in this  [
case to prove the fallacy of such a proposition. ',
An engineer reports  that a work would cost
$212,000, and Congress appropriates a part of   '
that sum to commence the work; and at the very
next session of Congress the engineer reports
that the same work will  cost over $800,000.
Now, sir, if Congress had been told by the engi-
neer at first that the  work would have  cost
$800,000, their prudence might have told them
never to have commenceed it.    Mr. Chairman,
what security haVe we, if the $800,000 should be
appropriated, that we will not, at a subsequent
Congress, be  called  on  to appropriate a still
larger sum to complete the improvements in the
river? We cannot depend on the estimates from
the Engineer Department; they have deceived us
to get the work commenced, and I, for one, will
not sailer the same person to deceive me twice.
Tbeir estimates appear to have been made with-
out any regard  to  economy; but their object
appears to be to show how much money they can
spend, not how much is necessary to be spent.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. T. WEBSTER,
OP OHIO,
In the House op .Representatives,
June 29,1836,
On the motion of Mr. McCarty to recommit the bill to
continue the Cumberland Road, in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, with certain instructions.
Mr. WEBSTER said no member could be more
■entibie than be was that the House was fatigued
The Cumberland Road—Mr. Webstsr.
with debate; and while those members most
favored of the House could only use under the
repeated cry of "question' question! question!"
he could not hope to be heard with attention.
Members were already prepainig for their depar-
ture—thev were now approaching the close of a
long, and, as he had learned fiom the older raera-
beis, a session of unparalleled labors; and of that
long calendar which yet íncumbeied their desks,
members were anxious to dispose of that which
was most essential to the public interests. He
would not trespass long. He believed the bill in
its present shape would not so well advance the
permanent interests of the West, as an amend-
ment which he contemplated would. He hoped
the motion to recommit the bill for amendment
would prevail; and he would throw himself upon
the indulgence of the House while he briefly
stated his views. It was very far from his desire
to defeat the bill; but he felt it to be his duty to
make an effort to perfect it; should thatfail, though
with much reluctance, he would vote for its pas-
sage. He now did, and trusted he always would,
yield with proper deference to the deliberate will
of the House.
He had long been of the opinion that the sys-
tem under which that road had been constructed
was extremely faulty, and that the progress of
the work and the interests of the public Treasury
required that it should be corrected. The corps
of cadets and their agents, which were quartered
on this road fund, required a large amount for
their own pay, and rendered the agency extremely
expensive. This was one of the reasons why
that work had appeared to cost so much. But
this was not the greatest ob]ection. The money
had been applied, and the work directed, without
that regard to economy which had characterized
the progress of the public works which had been
prosecuted so successfully under the management I1
of the State of Ohio and her corporate companies.
He did not attempt to attach blame to any one,
or censure anywhere. He believed the fault was
more in the system than in individuals.
Ohio had, with great success and commendable
economy, prosecuted her great system of internal
improvements.    These great works  had bee-n
directed by her own civil engineers.   They were 1
men of great scientific attainments in their pro-
fession.   They were, however, her own citizens,
and knew that they were acting for the people of
Ohio; they had reputations to advance,feltacom-
mon interest in the welfare and prosperity of their
State, and devoted themselves to the service in I
which they were employed; they were practical
as well as scientific men, and knew the value of
labor and money.   And it is a subject of cherished
pride and boast that so much has been accom-
plished for the honor of the State and for the |
public good, and for the advancement of the com- |
mon interestsofallhercmzens, with so little bur- '
den to her treasury.    A very different state of
feeling existed in regard to the national road.
The people of Ohio had discussed the subject and
understood it.   The Legislature of Ohio had ex-
pressed an opinion on the subject, broad and
clear, and had sent here a very able and earnest,
but respectful memorial on this subject, request-  1
ing that the future appropriations for this road  1
may be expended under the direction of her board
of public works.
It was in accordance with this instruction from j
the Legislature of Ohio that he had felt it to be I
his duty to propose the amendment which he-did
in Committee of the Whole to place this work
under the direction of that board. He believed
it would be a great saving to the road fund, and
would greatly accelerate the progress and com-
pletion of the work. And this proposed amend-
ment having been cut off by the call for the pre-
vious question, was one of the reasons which
induced him to desire that the bill should be laid,
for the present, on the table.
He regretted to say that other proposed amend-
ments, matured and reported by the able and ex-
perienced Committee on Roads and Canals, had
been cut off". In his opinion, these amendments
were essential to the profitable expenditure of the
appropriation. It would be .recollected by gen-
tlemen that the plan of the construction of this
road had been once entirely changed; and that
the covering of the old road east of Wheeling,
Ho. of Reps.
which had been put on at great expense, had
failed to answer the purpose, and had been re-
placed by a new and different one, at \ery great
expense to the Government, and much inconve-
nience to the tiavelmg community.
The macadamized road might answer through
the mountainous countiy east of the Ohio nver;
but he believed that it would not long be toleiated
through the level and fertile and populous valley
of the West. That country was too well adapted
to a much more easy, cheap, and rapid mode of
communication. The enterprise of the West
would not be content with the tedious and fatigu-
ing stage of six or eight miles per houi, when
they can, with more safety, much more ease, and
at less expense, and the important saving of
time, travel twenty or twenty-five miles on a
railroad. And if a macadamized road should be
completed, he did not doubt that it would be, in
a few years, abandoned by the traveler for the
facilities of a railroad, which may be constructed
on the same line, or near it. And he believed
thatwhen the Baitimoreand Ohio Railroad, which
is now in piogress, reaches the Ohio river, the
macadamized road east of Wheeling will be aban-
doned by the general traveler. It must be so,
for there will be few tiavelers so attached to the
old mode of traveling as to be jolted and bruised
for days in the stage, when they can make the
trip in a single d-\y, and comparatively without
fatigue. The old road will doubtless continue to
be used as a neighborhood road, to travel from
village to village; but should a road for such a
purpose be constructed at such expense ? He
understood the national road to be constructed
for national purposes, for general travel.
The same thing must take place west of the
Ohio river, whenever a railroad should be con-
structed. No man who has ever traveled on a
railroad can doubt it. The prosperity of the West
demands the speedy construction of such a work;
and its enterprise would speedily accomplish it.
The construction, then, of a macadamized road
would be unnecessary. The day was rapidly
approaching when the distance between the term-
ination of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad and
the Mississippi would be traveled in two days.
It was no idle fancy Ten years ago it was ¡esa
believed that the distance between Washington
City and New York would at this time be traveled
in three fourths of a day. This may now bo done.
And what may be accomplished through this
region may be accomplished through the great
valley of the West much sooner, and therefore
much cheaper. A line of railroad cannot be laid
in any part of the world of the same extent
through a country so well adapted to its rapid and
cheap construction, and to the most rapid travel-
ing, as between the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
on and near the line of the national road; nor
could it be constructed through any country capa-
ble of containing agreaterpopulation, of building
more flounshing towns and cities, or of making its
citizens more independent and wealthy. Unlike
most roads which wind their grades circuitously
through an uneven country, the greater part of
that road may be constructed on straight linea
and even grades. On a crooked track the speed
of the cars cannot exceed a certain limit with
safety; but on a straight line almost any required
speed may be attained; and all this line between
Zanesville and the Mississippi river could be
traveled at the rate of twenty miles per hour as
safely as the line between this city and Baltimore,
or that winding through the mountains between
Baltimore and the Ohio river could at twelve or
fifteen miles per hour.
He did not permit himself to doubt the con-
struction of a railroad through that region of
country between the Ohio and Mississippi. It
was called for by the spirit of the age, and the
growth of the West. It would be to the traveling
community of the West what her great rivers
were to her commerce. It formed the very im-
portant and connecting link between the Tarious
canals and railroads which connect the northern
lakes with the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. It
will render each of these much more useful by
connecting and continuing their communication,
furnishing and receiving their supplies. It will
be to them what the father of waters is to his
many tributary streams, and render each im-
