1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
[Mr. Clay,] declares it to be one of the great
leoonmiendations of this pro|ect that it will be
perpetua', I shrink back appalled by the contem-
pla: ion of the evils which this measure is prepar-
ing for tins now happy, happy Union. Dark and
gloomy visions tht before me when I survey the
corrupting consequences of this surplus and dis-
tribution systi in. The country must pass through
the valley ot the shadow of death if it can with-
stand die results of this system, by which the
States sire to be arrayed against the General Gov-
ernment in a struggle for millions for distribu-
tion.
Postponing for the present the consideration
of this branch of the subject, I will now endeavor
to demonstrate that this measure is calculated to
re\ ive the tarnF. The bill as it now stands strips
the General Government of all resources from the
sales of the public lands; it does more. It re-
fuses, by a direct vote of the Senate, tofmy the
t-xpeuses of Indian wars, or treaties, or annuities,
or removals, from the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, but throws all this vast expend-
iture, amounting during the present year to about
twelve millions of dollars, upon the tariff. The
whole expenses of the Government, ordinary or
extruoi dinai y, are henceforth to be devolved upon
the taiiff. The net amount realized from the
tariff since the year 1833 is about seventeen mil-
lions of dollars. By the compromise act of the
'Jd of March, 1S33, the duties decrease annually
by a descending scale, until, in 1842, twenty per
cent, is the maximum, and twelve-and-a-half per
cent, is about the average rate of duties. Our
revenue derived from the tariff could not then
much exeeed twelve million dollars per annum.
Deduct from this amount the probable average
annual expense of Indian treaties, annuities,wars,
and removals, and the sum left is wholly insuf-
ficient to support the Government. There is no
man more opposed than myself to extravagant
expenditures, but the most rigid economist can-
not calculate that the expenditures of this Gov-
ernmeiK,great as is the wonderful growth of the
countiy, can be less in 1840 for all purposes, or-
dinary anil extraordinary, than §17,000,000 per
annum. Withdiaw the revenues from the public
lands, and how is the deficiency in the revenue
to be supplied? An increase of the tariff will be
inevitable; ami shall southern Senators support
a bill and maintain a policy which will render
necessary an increase of the tariff? Would not
our own votes be arrayed against us as at once
the cause and the apology for such augmentation ?
This result seems to me to have been indirectly
conceded by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Cla?.] He, however, consoled us by stating that
the duties may be increased on wines and silks.
And how will this operate on the South ? France
buys a large portion of our cotton, and we pur-
chase her wines and silks. The exchange is not
direct, but the operation on prices is nearly the
same. This isa principle conceded by the friends
of free trade throughout the Union. Increase the
duties upon wines and silks, and we will dimin-
ish the price of our cotton.
Tins diminution of price may not be in the
same proportion as the increase of the tariff upon
imports, but it will be in a ratio approximating
the rate of duties, and diminishing gradually from
year to year the price of the export, till the loss
arising from the tariff is nearly equalized between
the importing and exporting nation. But an in-
crease of duties upon wines and silks will not
alone produce the required revenue. No; a gen-
eral augmentation of the tariff will be necessary.
It will be called a tariff for revenue, but will be,
in fact, a protective tariff; for the revenues from
the duties, added to the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands even at reduced prices, would, in
the absence of this distribution, be fully sufficient
for all the wants of the Government. Can any
southern man be so blind as not to perceive that
this bill throws the whole expenditures of the
Government upon the tariff, and renders its in-
crease inevitable? The author of this bill is the
father of the tariff, and, with but few exceptions,
the votes for this bill come from States favorable
to the tariff. The only southern State wlnchgave
a united vote for tho bill is Louisiana, a tariff
State, and which I would gladly see cut loose
from the protective system by a repeal of the
duty on sugar. It is perceived by the friends of
the tanif that, unless the surplus is distributed, a
reduction of the duties is inevitable. Heretofore,
immense expenditures for internal improvement
by the General Government constituted a pretext
for retaining the duties; now that system is abol-
ished, und distribution is the substitute.
And here let me ask the Senate to consider
that when the tariff was partially abandoned by
the author of this bill in 1833, it was accompanied
by the hope that the system would be revived
under more favorable auspices. That revival
will take place if this bill becomes a law. Fifty
millions of dollars under this bill are to be dis-
tributed among the States, which are thus to be
corrupted and controlled by this mighty mass of
treasure. The States are to be pensioned upon
the General Government, rendered stipendiaries
of their bounty, and distributees of their revenue.
The whole taxing power is ultimately to be ab-
sorbed by the General Government, and State
taxation to be discontinued. The State taxes in
all the old States are to be paid from the sales of
the lands in the new. This result has been openly
proclaimed in several States friendly to this bill.
If we may take one portion of the national reve-
nue for distribution among the States, why may
mf not take any other portion ? If we may dis-
tribute fifty million dollars of the national reve-
nue, why may we not distribute five hundred
millions? Concede the principle and the result
may easily follow. Protection was the pretext
for the former tariff; now, something more uni-
versally corrupting to influence all the States is
sought for, and distribution is the scheme for
perpetuating the tariff, and augmenting it to an
unlimited extent. Distribution is the great and
only efficient antagonist of a reduction of the
tariff. Let us refuse to distribute, and the people
will demand a reduction of the tariff. On the one
hand is economy in expenditures, and a reduction
of the duties and of the price of the public lands;
on the other, is a refusal to reduce the price of
the public lands, and augmentation of the tariff,
and a distribution of millions among the States.
On the one hand you are asked to reduce all the
bu/densof the people, and leave your uncollected
millions in their pockets; on the other, you are
required to keep up the price of the public lands,
augment the tariff and distribute the surplus
among the States. On the one hand we are asked,
at a great expense of collection, to extort from
the people forty or fifty millions of dollars an-
nually, for the purpose of distributing one half
the amount among the States; on the other hand
we are asked to collect no more money than is
essentially necessary to carry on all the opera-
tions of a Government administered in a spirit
of republican economy and simplicity, and leave
this immense surplus in the hands of the people
to be used by each citizen as he may think proper.
The one system will take annually from each free
male citizen and head of a family in this Union
an average sum of at least twenty dollars, to be
distributed among the States, and never return to
those who paid it. This annual contribution
may be but a small amount to the wealthy, but
to the poor marr it may be a large portion of his
annual income. This bill is in fact a scheme to
levy an annual tribute for unnecessary revenue.
What consolation will it be to the man who raises
a small or large crop of cotton, that his State—
not himself—receives a portion of tne public rev-
enue, when the price of his crop is greatly re-
duced by an augmented tariff, and the price of
every article he may purchase greatly enhanced
thereby? Let him make a table of the profit and
loss from this system, and he will find that where
he gains one dollar by this system, he loses
twenty.
Again, what consolation will this distribution
be to the farmer who wishes to buy a tract of the
public lands to make a new farm, or enlarge an
old one, that all reduction of the piice is refused,
or that speculators have entered the land and ask
for it ten or twenty dollars per acre? What con-
solation will this State distribution be to the settler
upon public lands, to whom a preemption law is
refused in order to increase the sum for distribu-
tion, and his farm thereby sacrificed to specula-
tors? Ten or twenty per cent, of the amount will
be lost in the process of collection, and swarms
of unnecessary officers created to make the collec-
tions and distributions and eat out the substance
of the people. The new States, and especially
the new States of the South, will have to bear
nearly the whole burden of this system. Missis-
sippi, in payment for public lands, and in de-
creased prices for her cotton, and increased prices
for cotton bagging, clothing, sugar, and almost
every article of consumption, under an increased
tariff, will be drained annually of at least five
millions of dollars, and get back annually about
two hundred thousand dollars. I speak not now
of the mass collected for a single distribution by
the retrospective operation of this law, but of the
system as a system; and such it is admitted it
will become if this bill be passed into a law. To
the State of Mississippi such a system will be
utter ruin and desolation. All property will fall
in value, and distress and embarrassment pervade
the community. Let us leave this surplus uncol-
lected, reduce the tariff, reduce the price of the
public lands, confine the sales to settlers only,
and Mississippi will save more in a single year
than she would gain in a long series of years from
the distribution system. Confining the system to
the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and how does it operate? Nearly
all the moneys are paid for these lands by the new
States, and what do they get in return ? About
one fifth of the amount paid by themselves, with
the addition of ten per cent, on the money paid
by their own citizens. A single old State, that
pays, perhaps, not one dollar of this money into
the Treasury, receives, by distribution, nearly
twenty times as much as certain new States,
paying millions of this money annually into the
Treasury. The States, we are told, are now satis-
fied with fifty millions for distribution under the
present tariff and present price of the public lands.
Dut how long will they be thus satisfied when
this corrupting system shall have commenced?
or where will it terminate ? The next assault will
be directly made upon the revenues arising from
the tariff. Augment the tariff, and increase the
fund for distribution will be the next requisition.
Who can doubt this result if the South consents
to the distributive system ? Our own votes would
rise up in array against us, and all resistance
would be vain and impotent. Nor will there be
any limit to the sum that may be demanded for
distribution. The system will work a complete
revolution in the form of our Government, and
by the unlimited increase in the money power in
the General Government, will subvert all the
checks and guards of the Constitution. The
money wanted by a majority of the States for
distribution will be the only limit of the taxing
power of this Government.
Is the South prepared for this result? Let us
not console ourselves with the reflection that the
distribution will stop at a demand for the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands. Already
a distribution of the whole unappropriated rev-
enue has been openly proposed in Congress, and
has many advocates. A part of the revenues
derived from the tariff is, in fact, as I have here-
tofore shown, distributed under this bill. The
net proceeds of the sales of the public lands in
1833 are distributed under this bill. But these
proceeds have long since been expended under
former appropriations. Whence, then, comes
the equivalent for these expended proceeds? From
the present proceeds of the sales of the public
lands? No, for they also are distributed under
this bill. This sum, then, thus distributed, is,
in fact, derived fiom the tariff, and can come from
no other quarter. Indeed it is also certain, on
another ground, that the sum thus distributed is
not the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands. The Senate, by a direct vote, refused to
deduct any of the following items from the amount
to be distributed, namely: "Annuities to Indians
on account of the purchase of lands;" "holding
treaties with Indians for the pinchase of lands;"
" amount paid to the Indians for the purchase of
lands;" ■' amount expended in removing Indians
from lands purchased." We refuse to deduct
some of the very amounts paid for the lands, dis-
tribute the pioceeds of the sales, and call this a
distribution of the net proceeds of the sales of the
public lands. Deduct the amount paid for the
public lands, and  all  the incidental expenses,
