1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
24th Cong....1st Sess.
of the propuety and txpediency of the measuies
which. I litne endeavored to explain and to sup-
port.
[At the conclusion of his speech, Mr. Webster
read lus amendment, which we hate already pub-
lished, and which pioposed one division of the
surplus funds among the States.]
INDEPENDENCE OP TEXAS.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN M. NILES,
OF  CONN1X5TICÜT,
Ik the Senate, July I, 183C,
On the report 'rota the Committee on Foreign Relations in
tavor ol declaring toe Independence ot Texas.
Mr. NILES said that he did not wish to pro-
long the dt bate, yet from the relation in which lie
stood to the subject, he felt it a duty to expiess
his approb ilion of the resolution which had been
rt ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
IK fully concurred m the views of the commit-
tee. He thought they liad gone fai enough, and
had stopped at the pioper point He had on a
former occasion exprtsstd the opinion that it
would be pre maturt unqualifiedly to recognize the
independí nee of Texas at this time, and he had
see n nothing to change this opinion. In dettrm-
ining the question of the propriety of the iccog-
nitiuii of the independence of Texas, theie are
t  o points of investigation: the first, whether the
people of that portion of country are in fact an
independent and distinct community, exercising
the powers of self-go\ernment, and, the second,
whether there are leasonable grounds to believe
that tliey are in a condition to maintain their in-
dependence.
In relation to the first question, there was no
difficulty, the dominion of Mexico over Texas
is • ompletely and effectually overthrown, and the
people have established a constitution and gov-
ernment for themselves, founded on liberal pnn-
ciples, similar to those forming the basis of our
own institutions. They are at this time defacto
a tree and independent State, governing them-
selves, and managing their own affairs This
elevated position, a.id the rights pertaining to it,
no people have stronger chums to, they have
been achieved and won by their valor, sacufices,
and sufferings almost unparalleled in so short a
conttst. Animated by a spirit of liberty and in-
dependence, they have contended against fearful
odds, with courage and determination that could
hardty fail of success, and which led to the glo-
no us vietoiy o I Saint Jacinto—a victory not sur-
passed in the recoids of modern warfare. By
this single victory, not only the power of the
Mexican chief was overthrown, but that of the
Mexican nation, which still acknowledges him as
at the head of its Government
Texas is now free and independent; she has
thrown off the dominion of Mexico, and stands
forth to the world as a. separate and  sovereign
State, but before we can extend our arms to re-
ceive and embrace her as a member of the family
of nations, we must be reasonably satisfied that
she is capable of maintaining the high attitude
she has assumed, we must look not only to her
mihtai y power, but to the numbei and condition
of her people.    Fias she a population'—has she   |
resources sufficient to sustain the rank and char-   ,
acter of an independent State'    Her population   \
is limited.    In Texas proper it does not peihaps j
exceed sixty thousand; and in the whole tern-  i
tory, including the State of Coahuila, less than ,
two hundred thousand.    This.it must be con-
fessed, is a small population for an independent |
State; but it is to be remembered that all power |
is relative; and in judging of the capacity of the
Texans to sustain themselves as an independent |
people, we must also look to the condition and |
strength of Mexico.    It is well known that the
Republic of Mexico, if such it can be called, has |
for more than twenty years been agitated and
distracted  by successive   revolutions;   that  the
power has been   transferred fiom one chief to
another according to the fortune of wai, or the
success of the intrigues and ambitious schemts
of political aspirants.    In these protracted strug-
gles, and almost continuous civil bioils, the na- '
34
Independence of Texas—Mr. Benton.
H Hon has become enfeebled and exhausted, and
the people impovenshed and plundered by the
I lapacity of the chiefs and nulitaiy íulers. Al-
though possessed of a con<ud< rabie population,
Mexico is a weak and feeble State. She has no
navy,and possesses none of the elements forcon-
struciing one. The physical position and advant-
agts of a State form an impoitant element in its
means and capacity of defense. On the Rio del
Noi te theie is a desert of sixty miles in bieadth,
which seems to be a natural barnei that sepaiates
the southern fiom the northern poition of the
Mexican temtory. Or it may become the bar-
ner and natural boundaiy between two great na-
tions on this continent—the one extending south
to the Isthmus of Danen, the other emínacing
the whole country north.
If Texas is a small community for an inde-
pendent State, it is to be borne in mind that there
are many small independent Slates in Europe sui-
rounded by the most powerful nations; such are
Portugal, Switzerland, and otheis. However
small a State may be, yet if it have asserted and
established its independence, and from physical
oi other causes, or the weakness of the Power
claiming dominion over it, it is able to maintain
it, the small amount of its population, and its
weakness as compared with the large Powers of
the eaith, form no objections to its being recog-
nized and leceived into the family of nations.
The same principles of |ustice and of national
law apply to a small State as to a large one In
either case the question is, is it in fact independ-
ent' Is it in the possession of a Government
and civil constitution, and in a condition to main-
tain them' In estimating the capacity of Texas
to sustain the attitude she has assumed in relation
to Mexico, we must not overlook the character of
hef population, a large portion of them having
been emigrants fiom the United States, enter-
prising and enlightened. The intelligence, the
physical and moral energies of a people, are of
moie importance than their numbers. Howmany
Mexicans ate equal to one Texan' Let the vic-
toiy of Saint Jacinto answer.
Mi. N. said he would not touch on the ulterior
questions connected  with  this subject, and  he
regretted that the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had alluded to the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States.    When
consideung the question  of her independence,
he thought it should be kept fiee from even any
suggestions íegarding the probable future destiny
of that country.    It might occasion suspicions
injurious to the honor and purity of our conduct
to connect any viewsof ultimate aggrandizement
or accession of territory with the question of doing
justice to a brave people upon our borders strug-
gling for their rights.    Whatever may be the ulti-
mate destiny of that country, or its influence on
that of this Republic, he was  not disposed to
inquire on this occasion, as no considerations of
that character ought to influence us either to grant
or withhold a recognition.    Whether it would be
for the interest and safety of the United States to
purchase Texas, was a question that he did not
wish  to see connected  with the one before the
Senate; that question, should it evei anse, would
probably be found  beset with many difficulties,
and may excite a deep conflict of feelings.    He
would only say that destiny, which no legislative
foiesight or human sagacity can control, had no
doubt intimately connected Texas with the Uni-
ted States.    Nothing can be more clear than this.
She is upon oui boiders.and is and will be settled
by citizens of this Union, speaking our own lan-
guage, carrying with them the spn it of our free
institutions, and the same love of liberty glowing
in their hearts.    Destiny had established intimate
political connections between the United States
and Texas; but what that relation would be—
whether that territory would be annexed to this
Union, and for one or more States, or whether
it would exist as an independent nation, under
the protection of the United States—time only
could determine.   Such political relations were not
incompatible with the rights of sovereignty and
independence, and  have long existed  between
England and Poitugal.
That Texas would be able to sustain the atti-
tude she had assumed, he had little doubt; yet
the recency of events there required that we
Senate.
should not be precipitate; time alone could test
the stability and true condition of affairs in that
country. Fie did not, however, concui with
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] that a recognition on the part of this
Governmt ntat this time would not benefit Texas.
He thought sueh an act would have great influ-
ence on heraffans; it would give them an impetus,
powerful and lriesistible, it would be the signal
for the bold and enterpnsing citizens of the United
States to rush, like a swelling flood, into that
countiy, to shaie in the toils,the glory,and the
rewards of the contest which is going on But
the veiy fact that an unqualified lecognition of
the independence of Texas would exeit so potent
an influence in hei cause, is a strong reason
against such a measuie in the present unsettled
state of the contest. It might throw a suspicion
upon oui neutrality, if an act of this Government
should have a direct agency in effecting the inde-
pendence of a country lying upon our borders,
and which may hereafter be annexed to our ter-
ritoiy. The resolutions now before us, contain-
ing a qualified recognition, will no doubt have a
favorable and salutary influence on the cause of
Texan independence and liberty. It will be a
voice from a gieat, fiee, and kindred people,
which can not fail to cheer, animate, and encourage
the brave men on oui southern border, who have
shown themselves so deseiviug of freedom and
so capable of maintaining it. This voice will
reverberate throughout the Union, and its influ-
ence will not be slow, nor small, on our own citi-
zens. Aroused by a spirit of liberty and enter-
prise, a strong current is setting" that way, and
its course will be onward .strong and irresistible.
If the adoption of these resolutions shall con-
tribute to give a favorable impulsation lo the
cause of Texas, he should rejoice at it; for, so
far as it is light for this Government to go, with-
out being exposed to the slightest imputation of
an improper interference or a disregard of the
strictest obligations of neutrality, so far he was
prepared to go. He would scrupulously guard
the national honor and faith, and strictly adhere
to those principles of action which have ever
controlled the course of this Government in us
connections with other nations, but these resolu-
tions will notconflict with those principles; whilst
I think they may have a favorable and salutary
influence on the cause of Texan independence
and freedom. He hoped they would be adopted
with perfect unanimity.
INDEPENDENCE OF TEXAS.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, July 1, 1836.
The followlnjresolution, reported by Mr Clay from the
Committee on Toreign Relations, being under considera-
I lion
11 Resolved, That the independence of Texis ought to bo
acknowledged by the United States whenever satisfactory
inhumation shall be received th it it lias in successful opera-
tion a tivil govt iiiment capiblc of pertnrimng the duties
and fulfilling the ob'igations of an independent Power—
Mr BENTON rose and said he should confine
himself strictly to the pioposition presented in
11 the lesolution, and should not complicate the
abstract question of lecognition with speculations
on the futuie fate of Texas Such speculations
could have no good effect upon either of the
countries interested—upo i Mexico, Texas, or the
United States. Texas has not asked for admis-
sion into this Union. Her independence is still
contested by Mexico. Her boundaries, and other
important points in her political condition, are
rot yet adjusted. To discuss the question of her
admission into this Union, under these circum-
stances, is to treat her with disrespect, to embroil
oui selves with Mexico, to compromise the disin-
terestedness of our motives in the eyes of Europe,
and to start among ourselves prematurely, and
without reason, a question which, whenever it
comes, cannot be without its own intrinsic diffi-
culties and peiplexities.
Since the three months that the affairs of Texa 
have been the subject of repeated discussion n
this Chamber, 1 have imposed on myself a reserve
