1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Independence of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
Mexico, yet rrquuing the application of a labo-
rious indu^trj to make them productive,have pre-
seired no tenipiation to the mining and pastoral
popuhuoti ot that empire. For ages this beauti-
i\il agiiiultuia! and pi uiting íegion had lain un-
toiulud. Within a fi vv yoais, and by another
rict, us settleuitnt has began, and the presence
of tins riie has not smoothed, but increased, the
obstacles lo union presentid by nature. Sooner
or liter, separation would be inevitable; and the
progrt ss of human events has accelerated the
opeiation of nuural causis Goliad has torn
Ttxis fiom Mt xico: Goliad has dereed mde-
pendenci San Jacinto has sealid it1 What the
massacre dt creed, the victory has sealed, and the
day of the martyrdom of the prisoners must for-
iver be regaideu as the day of disunion between
Texas and Mexico. I speak of it politically, not
morally, that massacre was a gieat political blun-
der, a miscalculation, an eiror, and a mistake.
It was expected to put an end to resistance, to
subdue rebellion, to drown revolt in blood, and
to extinguish aid in ttrror. On the contrary, it
has given life and invincibility to the cause of
Texas It has fired the soulsofhtr own citizens,
and imparted to their courage the energies of re-
\enge and despair. It has given to hpr the sym-
pathies and the commiseration of the civilized
world It has given her men and money, and
claims upon the aid, and a hold upon the sensi-
bilities of the human race. If the struggle goes
on, not only our America, but Europe w ill send
its clnvalrv to join in the contest. I repeat it;
that cruel morning of the Alamo, and th it black
day of Goliad, were great political faults. The
blood of the martyr is the seed of the church.
The blood of slaughtered patriots is the dragon's
teeth sown upon the earth, from which heroes,
full grown and armed, leap into life, and rush into
battle. Often will the Mexican,guiltless of that
blood, feel the Anglo-American steel for the deed
of that day, if this war continues. Many were the
innocent at San Jacinto, whose cries, in broken
Spanish, abjuring Goliad and the Alamo, could
not save thtir devoted lives from the avenging
remembrance of the slaughtered garrison and the
massacred prisoners.
Unhappy day, forever to be deplored, that
Sunday morning, March G, 1836, when the un-
daunted garrison of the Alamo, victorious in so
many assaults over twenty times their number,
perished to the last man by the hands of those,
part of whom they had released on parole two
months before, leaving not one to tell how they
first dealt out to multitudes that death which they
themselves finally icceived. Unhappy day, that
Palm Sunday, March 27th, when the five hun-
dred and twelve prisoners at Goliad,issuingfiom
the sally port at daw n of d ly, one by one, under
the cruel delusion of a return to their families,
fuund themselves enveloped in double files of
cavalry and infantry, marched to a spot fit for
the perpetration of the horrid deed, and there,
without an instant to think of parents, country,
friends, and God—in the midst of the consterna-
tion of terror and surprise—inhumanly set upon
and pitilessly put to death, in spite of those
moving cri*-s which reached to heaven, and re-
gardless of those supplicating hands stretched
lorth for mercy, from which arms had been
taken under the perfidious forms of a capitula-
tion ' Tive hundred and six perished that morn-
ing—young, vigorous, brave—sons of respecta-
ble families, and the pride of many a parent's
heart . and thtir bleeding bodies, torn with
wounds, and many yet alive, were thrown in
heaps upon vast fires, for the flames to consume
what the steel had mangled. Six only escaped,
and not by mercy, but by miracles. And this
was the work of man upon his brother, of Chris-
tian upon Christian, of those upon those who
adore the same God, invoke the same heavenly
Denediction, and draw precepts of charity and
mercy from the same divine fountain. Accursed
be the ground on which the dreadful deed was
done' Sterile, and set apart, let it forever be!
No fruitful cultivation should ever enrich it, no
joyful (difict should ever adorn it. But shut up,
and closed by gloomy walls, the mournful cy-
press, the weeping willow, and the inscriptive
monument, should forever attest the foul deed
of winch it was the scene, and invoke from every
passenger the throb of pity for the slain, and the
start of horror for the slayer. And you, neg-
lected victims of the Old Mission and of San Pa-
tricio, shall you be forgotten because your num-
bers were fewer, and your hapless fate more
concealed * No ! but to you also justice shall be
done. One common fate befell you all; one com-
mon memorial shall perpetuate your names and
embalm your memories. Inexorable history will
sit in judgment upon all concerned, and will reject
the plea of Government orders, even if those
ordeis emanated from the Government itstead of
being dictated to it. The Fiench National Con-
vention, in 1793, ordered all the English puson-
ers who should be taken in battle to be put to
death. The French armies refused to execute
the decree. They answered that French soldiers
were the protectors, not the assassins of prison-
ers ' And all France, all Europe, the whole civ-
ilized world, applauded the noble reply.
But let us not forget that there is some relief to
this black and bloody picture—some alleviation
to the horror of its appalling features. There
was humanity, as well as cruelty, at Goliad—
humanity to deplore what it could not prevent.
The letter of Colonel Fernandez does honor to
the human heart. Doubtless many other officers
felt and mourned like him, and spent the day
in unavailing regrets. The ladies, Losero and
others, of Matamoras, saving the doomed victims
in that city, fiom day to day, by their interces-
sions, appear like ministering angels. Several
fmbhc journals, and many individuals in Mexico,
lave given vent to feelings worthy of Christians
and of the civilization of the age; and the poor
woman on the Guadalupe, who succored and
saved the young Georgian, Hadaway, how nobly
she appeal s' He was one of the few that escaped
the fate of the Georgia battalion sent to the Old
Mission. Overpowered, by famine and despair,
without arms and without comrides, he entered
a solitary house filled with Mexican soldiers,
hunting the fugitives of his party. His action
amazed them, and thinking it a snare, they stepped
out to look fbr the armed body of which he was
supposed to be the decoy. In that instant food
was given him by the humane woman, and instant
flight to the swamp was pointed out. He fled,
receiving the fire of many guns as he went; and
escaping the perils of the way, the hazards of
battle at San Jacinto, where he fought, and of
Indian massacre in the Creek nation, when the
two stages were taken, and part of his traveling
companions killed, he lives to publish in America
that instance of devoted humanity in the poor
woman of the Guadalupe. Such acts as all these
deserve to be commemorated. They relieve the
revolting picture of military barbarity, soften the
resentments of nations, and íedeem a people from
the oiFense of individuals.
Great is the mistake which has prevailed in
Mexico, and in some parts of the United States,
on the character of the population which has gone
to Texas. It has been common to disparage and
to stigmatize them. Nothing could be moie un-
just; and speaking from knowledge either per-
sonal or well acquired, (for it falls to my lot to
know, either fiom actual acquaintance or good
information, the mass of its inhabitants,) I can
vindicate them from eironeous imputations, and
place their conduct and character on the honoi-
able ground which they deserve to occupy. The
founder of the Texan colony was Mr. Moses
Austin, a respectable and enterprising native of
Connecticut, and largely engaged in the lead
mines of Upper Louisiana, when I went to the
Territory of Missouri in 1815. The present head
of the colony, his son, Mr. Stephen F. Austin,
then a very young man, was a member of the
I Territorial Legislature, distinguished for his in-
telligence, business habits, and gentlemanly con-
duct. Among the grantees we distinguish the
name of Robertson, son of the patriarchal founder
and first settler of West Tennessee. Of the body
of the emigrants, most of them are heads of fam-
ilies or enterprising young men, gone to better
their condition by receiving grants of fine land
in a fine climate, and to continue to live under
the republican form of Govei nment to which they
N had been accustomed. There sits one of them,
[pointing to Mr. Carson, late a member of Con-
gress from North Carolina, and now Secretary
of State for Texas.] We all know him, our
greetings on his appearance in tins chambci attest
our respect, and such as we know him to be, so
do I know the multitude of those to bt who have
gone to Texas. They have gone, not as intrud-
ers, but as giantees, and to become n ! iiuer be-
tween the Mexicans and the maiauding Indians
who infested their boideis
Heartless is the calumny invented and propa-
gated, not from tins (looi  but elsewhett , on the
cause of the Texan ícvolt.   It is said lo be a war
for the extension of slave ry'    It 1 ad as well be
said that our own n volution was a wai foi the
extension of slavery.    So fat   fiom  it, that no
revolt, not even our own, evi i had a noio just
and a more sacred origin.   The settleis in Ti xas
went to live under the form of government which
they had left behind in the United States—a gov-
ernment which extends so many guarantees for
life, propeity, and the pursuit of happiness, and
which their American and English ancestors had
vindicated for so many bundled yeais.    A suc-
cession of violent changes in government, and the
rapid overthrow of rulers annoyed and distressed
them; but they remained  tranquil  under every
violence which did not immediately bear on them-
selves     In 1822 the Republic of 1821 was sup< r-
seded by the impeiial diadem of Ituibide.    In
1823 he was deposed and banished, ir turned and
was shot, and Victoria made Picsident.    Mc n-
tuno and Bravo disputed   the Presidency  with
Victoria, and found in banishment the mildest
issue known to unsuccessful civil war.    Pedraza
was elected in 1828, Guerrero overthrew him the
next year.    Then Bustamente oveilhiew Guer-
rero, and quickly Santa Anna overthrew Busta-
mente, and with him all the forms of the consti-
tution, and the whole frame of the fedeiative gov-
ernment.    By his own will and by foice Santa
Anna dissolved the cxistirg Congress, convened
another, formed the two Houses into one, called
it a convention, and made it the instiumcnt for
deposing, without trial, the constitutional Vice
President, Gomez Farias, putting Barragan into
his place, annihilating the State governments, and
establishing a consolidated Government, of which
he was monarch under the  retained republican
title of President.    Still the Texans did not take
up arms.    They did not acquiesce, but they did
not revolt.    They retained  their State govern-
ment in operation, and looked to the othei States,
older and more powerful than Texas, to vindicate
the general cause, and to reestalhsh the federal
constitution  of 1824.    In September, 1835, this
was still her position.   In that month a Mexican
armed vessel appeared off the coast of Texas, and
declared her poits blockaded.   At the same time
General Cos appeared in the west with an army
of fifteen bundled men, with oiders to anest the
State authorities, to disarm the inhabitants, leav-
ing one gun to every five hundred souls, and to
reduce the State to  unconditional submission.
Gonzales was the selected point for the commence-
ment of the execution of these orders; and the
fiist thing was the aims, those trusty rifles which
the settleis had bi ought with them from the United
States, which were their defense against savages,
their resource for game, and the guard which con-
verted then   houses  into  castles  strongei   than
those "wluch the Kim; cannot entei."    A detach-
ment of Gencial Cos's army appeared at the vil-
lage of Gonzales on the 28th of September, and
deWianded the aims of the inhabitants    It was the
same demand, and for the same puipose, which
the British detachment under Major Pitcairn had
made at Lexington on the 19th of April, 1775.
It was the same demand' and the same answer
was given—resistance—battle—victoi y ' for the
American blood was at Gonzales as it had been
at Lexington, and between using their arms and
surrendering their arms, that blood   can  never
hesitate.   Then followed the rapid-succession of
brilliant events which, in two months, left Texas
without an armed enemy in her holders, and the
strong forts of Goliad and the Alamo, with their
garrisons and cannon, the almost bloodless pi 'zes
of a few hundied Texan nfles.    This was the
origin of the revolt, and a calumny more heart-
less can never be imagined than that which would
convert this just and holy defense of life, liberty,
and property, into nn aggiession for the extension
of slavery. Just in its oiig/n, valiant and humane
