1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
■-21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Public Deposits—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
donation of the public money to these States?'
Under this bill Congress may still proceed to
make appropi unions precisely as they would have
done had it never passed, with a perfect assur-
ance that they will be satisfied as promptly and
as certainly as though the whole surplus should
remain where it now is, with the deposit banks.
How any constitutional objection can arise to
this disposition of the public money, I am utterly
at a loss to conceive. In order to maintain such
an objection, gvntlemen must establish the posi-
tion th.it Congress do not possess the power of
depositing the public money where they think
proper. Tins would, indeed, be a Herculean
task.
There is one view of this subject which ought
not to eseipe attention. It is always embarrass-
ÍH¡ , am! may become dangerous, to establish the
relation of debtor and creditor, for large amounts,
between the States and the United States. The
present bill avoids this difficulty. The moment
it heroines necessary to use these certificates of
deposit, that moment they pass by assignment
into the hands of individuals, who thus become
the creditors of the several States, instead of the
Genera! Government. Such individuals will hold
these certificates as they would hold any other
certificates of a similar character issued by the
Slates, and the General Government will cease
any longer to have any connection with those
States in the character of a creditor.
1 admit some danger exists that this bill, re-
stricted as it is to tlie money which will be in the
Treasury at the end of the present year, may be
drawn into precedent for the purpose of sanc-
tioning annual deposits, and afterwards annual
distributions of the surplus revenue. Such a
system would be hostile to the correct and efficient
administration of this Government. It would
naturally create some bias in our minds against
appropriations for the benefit of the Union, in
order that the dividends of our own States might
thereby be increased. This danger, however, is
but future and contingent. It is an evil within
our own control. We may, I hope, safely trust ,
ourselves; still I consider the bill, amended as it
has been, but a choice of evils. It is far from
beins the mode of disposing of the surplus which
I should have selected.    But let that pass.
What are the evils, on the other hand, which
we shall avoid by the adoption of this measure !
If ihey are greater and much more alarming than
the dangers which we should encounter from its
passage, it is the part of wisdom to pass the bill.
It is perfectly clear, either that we must adopt
this measure, or leave all the public money in the
deposit banks. There is no other alternative.
The one thing or the other must be done.
There are, at present, thirty-six of these de-
posit banks; and the aggregate amount of public
money in their possession, at the date of the last
returns, was between thirty-three and thirty-four
million dollars. This sum has since been daily
increasing, with the daily flow of money into the
Treasury. I am free to say that, in my opinion,
the public money is safe in their possession; yet
the fact neither can be disguised, nor ought tobe
disguised, that the Senate has felt itself under the
necessity, but against my vote, of striking out
every provision from the bill which required them
to keep any fixed proportion of specie in their
vaults. We could liave established no reasonable
standard upon this subject which would not have
deprived a number of these banks of the public
deposits. Hence the amount of specie to be kept
in each of them is now left altogether to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury How-
ever safe the public money may be in these banks,
it will be equally secure, to say the least, in the
treasuries of the several States. In the opinion
of the people it will be more secure there; and
this, of itself, is a matter of great importance in
deciding the present question.
These deposit banks aro located chiefly upon
our commercial and upon our western frontiers.
This arises from the circumstance that the re-
ceipts into the Treasury are derived from two
grand sources—the customs and the sales of pub-
lic lands. Vast sums of public money are thus
accumulated in the banks of our commercial
i. :<a     Who ate chiefly benefited by this accu-
mulation? Why, sir, the stockholders in these
banks and their customers. It is a notorious
fact that the banks discount largely upon these
deposits. It is both their duty and their interest
to pursue this course. Their profits, and the
dividends to their stockholders, are thus greatly
increased. But what benefits do my constituents
in the interior of Pennsylvania derive from the
use thus made of their own money? None, none
whatever. Change these depositories to the ex-
tent proposed by this bill, and what will then be
the consequences? The diffusion of numerous
benefits and blessings among the people of the
several States. This money now used by the
banks for the benefit of their stockholders, will
be applied by the State Legislatures to promote
education and internal improvements. It will
shed a benign influence over the face of society,
and will confer blessings upon the whole people.
Its benefits will no longer be confined to the cor-
porators in these selected institutions, but will be
as extended as the limits of the Republic. Be-
sides, this money will always be ready for the
use of the Government whenever the necessities
of the country may require it. The mass of the
people are now deeply impressed with a convic-
tion of these truths. They are jealous of the
deposit banks. They believe that undue advant-
ages are conferred upon these institutions by the
action of the Government. The public mind is
excited upon the subject; and the only practica-
ble— I shall not say the best—mode of calming
and tranquillizing it will be the passage of the
present bill.
On this branch of the question I shall make
another remark.    If I  were capable of acting
merely as a party man upon such a subject, which
I trust I am not, I should say to my political
friends, adopt this measure.   It has been repeated
over and over again, that the present Administra-
tion desire to retain this money in the deposit
banks in order to use it for political effect.    This
charge, it is true, is-perfectly ridiculous.    It is
well known that all or nearly all these banks are
governed and controlled by our political enemies.
So far as I have ever been informed, a large ma-
jority of their stockholders and directors«are op-
posed to the present Administration. I have heard
of but one of these banks which is an exception,
though there may be more.    Still the clamor
continues, and still the charge is made that we
desire to  keep all the  public money in  these
banks for the purpose of acquiring political in-
fluence.    A deposit of this money with the States '
will at once put an end to these unfounded sus-
picions.                                                                        \
I might speak of the wild and extravagant
speculations, especially in public lands and in
stocks, which have been greatly encouraged and
promoted by the immense sums of public money
on deposit in the banks, and of the injuries which
have thus been inflicted upon the country.    But
I forbear at present from doing more than barely
to suggest this argument in favor of the passage
of the bill.    It must strike every mind.
But it has been urged,as a serious objection to
1 this measure, that the money never will be re-
] quired from the States for the use of this Gov-
ernment. Does it not occur to gentlemen that
upon the very same principle, if this bill should
not become a law, it will never be required from
the deposit banks? And if, from the redund-
ance of our revenue, we must have a perpetual
deposit, is it not more just and more politic, in
every point of view, that this deposit should
be made where it will benefit the people of all
the States, than where its advantages will be
confined to the stockholders of certain selected
banks ?
It is not certain, however, that a portion of
these deposits may not be demanded from the
States before the close of the next year. I have
been astonished at the statement made by my
friend from New York, [Mr. Wright,] of the
sums already appropriated, and which will yet
probably be appropriated during the present ses-
sion of Congress. If this statement be correct,
it is highly probable that the unexpended balance
of these appropriations, at the end of the present
l year, may equal, if it does not exceed, the high-
est estimate of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Ewing,] and amount to #18,000,000. In that
event, this sum will be a charge upon the current
revenue for the year 1837, in addition to the cur-
rent expenses of that year. It is, therefore, far
from being certain that a portion of the deposits
made with the States may not be required by the
Treasury before the first day of January, 1838.
This will depend upon the amount of the sales
of the public lands during the year 1837. Should
any cause arise greatly to reduce this source of
income, the money then in the Treasury will not
be sufficient to pay the current expenses of the
Government during that year.
In anything I may have said, I did not intend
to cast the slightest reflection upon the conduct of
the deposit banks towards the Government. Far
from it. The experiment, as it is called, has not
failed. These banks have made all the necessary
transfers of public money, and have conducted
the business of the Treasury as well as it has ever
been conducted by the Bank of the United States.
For this they deserve the thanks of the country.
I wish to make them a fair and liberal compensa-
tion for their services. I strongly advocated the
provision which now constitutes a part of the
bill, that the sum of $5,000,000 should be de-
ducted from the amount in the Treasury, on the
first day of January next, and that only what
remained should be deposited with the States.
These five millions will, of course, continue in
the deposit banks. Besides, the amount to be
deposited with the States will be drawn from the
present depositories in equal quarterly install-
ments; and thus they will experience no sudden
shock in their business. They will have ample
time to make all necessary preparations to meet
these payments.
Before I conclude I shall advert to another
argument of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Weight.]    That gentleman objects to this bill
because the money to be deposited with the States
is not in proportion to the federal'population of
each, according to the last census, but in propor-
tion to the compound ratio of the number of their
Senators and Representatives in Congress.   He
asks, why should we adopt a different rule from
| that of direct taxation in our distribution of these
[deposits? The answer is very easy. This money
| was not raised by direct taxation.  Ifithadbeen,it
j should undoubtedly be returned to the States in
j the same proportions it had been received from
them.   The two grand sources from which we
¿erived this money are the duties upon imports
and the sales of the public lands.
If we could accurately ascertain the Federal
population of the different States at this moment,
it would present the just standard of apportion-
ment. But that is impossible. The Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] upon the discussion of
the land bill, had proved conclusively that the
new States in the west have increased in popula-
tion with such rapidity, since the census of 1830,
when compared with the other States, that it
would be manifestly unjust to apply that standard
to them. Hence his bill" provided that they should
each receive ten per cent, of the net proceeds of
i the sales of the public lands within their limits,
before any distribution should be made of the
j remainder. It ought not to be forgotten in this
I argument, that a very large proportion of the
surplus in the Treasury has proceeded from the
sales of public lands within these very States.
' The truth is, that whether you adopt the census
of 1830, or the number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, as the standard of appor-
tionment, you cannot do exact justice. You must
either be unjust to the new States in the West, or
you must deposit a little more with with Dela-
ware, Rhode Island, and some of the smaller old
States, than they are entitled to receive. It is a
choice of difficulties, arising from the necessity
of adopting a general rule on the subject. I do
not believe, therefore, that the mode of appor-
tionment proposed by the bill presents a sufficient
objection against its passage. This view of the
case is rendered more impressive by the consid-
eration that the bill proposes a mere deposit with
the States, and not a donation to them; and it
cannot make any material difference whether on>
State shall receive a few thousand dollar; two
much or too little, upon deposit.
