536
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Coxg. ... 1 st Sess.
The Expunging Resolution—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
Jet me refer for one moment to that part of the
Constitution of the United States which declares
that the yeas and nays shall, at the request of one
fifth of the members present, be entered on the
journals. No such rule as this is found in the
LexPurliamentaria of England. No doubt either
House might adopt it if they chose. But if they
did, could any examples of theirs, by which it
was rtfused in a particular instance, dispense us
with the obligation to have the entry made in all?
Surely not; and therefore I do not see why, with-
out any constitutional obligation to keep a jour-
nal in that country,theirprecedentscanenlighten
us as to our duties here. By the way, I should
like to be informed whether, by this expunging
process, the t/eosand nays can also be erased from
your journal, and the members of this body de-
prived of their constitutional right to have their
names recorded and their opinions registered on
all measures on which ihey vote. I suppose such
a principle will be scarcely contended for; the
violation would be too palpable. And as there
are no English precedents to close the gap which
such an act would make in the Constitution, it
will hardly be thought of. Well, sir, if the yeas
and nays cannot be expunged from your journal
what becomes of this constitutional privilege alike
important to the constituent and the representa-
tive, by which the record of his vote is to be pre-
served—a record which will show the names, but
give no information on what subject they were re-
corded ? The whole proceeding offers a fine com-
mentary on the value of constitutional barriers in
restraining the passions of party in a free Gov-
ernment.
It is, however, said, that our rules of proceed-
ing are, in a great measure, taken from those of
the English Parliament, or were made ki refer-
ence to them, and that we are in the daily habit
of referring to them as a guide in cases new and
unprovided for.    True; but does not the honor-
able  Senator see, in this very circumstance, a
very strong, if not the strongest reason against
the introduction of English rules on this question
of expunging?    These British rules were once not
only referred to in this country; they formed the
law for the government of our colonial legisla-
tures before the Revolution.   The great men who
formed the Constitution of this country knew
this perfectly well.   They were also quite familiar
with everything   in the history of the English
Parliament in  relation to  expunging, and they
knew better than 1 do, and quite as well as the
honorable Senator from Missouri, the right on
which the keeping of a journal stood there—its
limitations and its extent.   Now,I ask,if it had
bepn their intention  to leave that power, at the
discretion of the American Congress, why intro-
duce any rules at all into our Constitution on this
matter? Why not leave this part of parliamentary
practice to the control of the Legislature, as they
. left all the rest?    It must strike every one, on
reading the Federal Constitution, as most remark-
able, that in an instrument of that kind, in which
nothing is looked for but general provisions, we
should find such special enactments on the sub-
ject—nothing left to discretion.    But that surprise
readily yields to a little reflection, and the value
of the classes in question is seen.    The men by
whom the great charter of our Union was formed
came from the school of the Revolution, so fertile
of talent and of virtue.   They were profoundly
acquainted   with   all   the   causes by which free
institutions can be upheld and may be destroyed.
They knew that the  legislative branch   of the
"Government, from its construction and its powers,
if corrupt, was more formidable than all the rest
to the liberties of the people.    In it they were
aware factions must arise and riot.    History had
taught them how majorities in public assemblies
are prone to trample on the rights of minorities.
It was deemed, therefore, of the highest import-
ance to secure, as far as possible, a record of all
the acts of the iepresentative, and to give pub-
licity to them, so that the people might know
what each member did, and what he did not do.
They wished to place before the traitor who is
false to his duty here the certainty that his evil
deeds could not be concealed while living, and
that an authentic record would carry down to the
latest posterity his loathsome memory.    Hence
they determined that he should neither falsify the
record of what he did, nor deprive his opponents
of the evidence of their opposition to him. These
were the reasons which induced the framers of
the Constitution to make your journals sacred.
And you do violate as holy ground as any the
Constitution covers when you lay your hands
on them, and blot and deface them. If these
considerations are entitled to the weight I think
justly due to them, with what semblance of
justice can it be urged that these matters are to
be regulated hy English parliamentary practice?
The introduction of any rules on the subject into
the Constitution excludes such an idea; and the
rules themselves, inconsistent with those prevail-
ing in England, forbid any suoh conclusion.
Let us, however, follow this matter a little fur-
ther. If, as the honorable Senator says, we are
to be governed by the English practice on this
subject of expunging, I presume we must take
that practice en tire; we are not at liberty to intro-
duce one part of it and reject another. There is
certainly no rule in our body which prescribes
how it is to be done; we must, therefore, imitate
the parliamentary precedents throughout. Now,
if I understand the precedents right, they estab-
lish the principle that, whenever the parliament-
ary .proceedings infringe on the rights, real or
supposed, of the Executive Chief Magistrate, he
sends for the journals, or comes to the House,
and strikes out the offensive matter with his own
hand. When, on the contrary, the powers of the
body on legislative matters are impugned by the
vote, order, or resolution, or are improperly ex-
ercised, the erasure is made by an officer, under
the order of the House. Such appears to be the
practice there; and if it is to govern us here, let
us have it in its purity. The resolution, there-
fore, proposed by the Senator is entirely gratui-
tous; the thing can be done, and strictly speaking,
ought to be done, without action on our part.
The President himself, according to the excellent
rules of Parliament which the gentleman recom-
mends for our adoption, has the right to send for
our journals, and make such correction in them
as he thinks fit. That Senators may see I am not
mistaken on this subject, I beg leave to quote to
them the following illustrious precedent, derived
from the act of the renowned and sapient King
James the First, of blessed memory.
The House of Commons in England, at the
time when their glorious contest between the pre-
rogative of the Crown and the rights of the peo-
ple were about to commence, passed the following
resolution:
"The Commons now assembled in Parliament, being
justly occasioned thereunto, concerning sundry liberties,
franehibes, and privileges of Parliament, amongst others
here mentioned, rio make this protestation following : that
the liberties, franchises, and jurisdictions of Parliament are
the ancient and undoubted birthright and inheritance of the
subjects of England, and that the urgent and arduous affairs
concerning the King, State, and defense of the Realm,
and of the Church of England, and the maintenance and
making of laws, and redress of mischiefs and grievances,
which daily liappru within this realm, are proper subjects
and matter of counsel and debate in Parliament; and that
in the handling and proceeding of those businesses, every
member of the House of Parliament hath, and of right
ought to have, freedom of speech to propound, treat, reason,
and bring to conclusion the same; and that the Commons
in Parliament, have like liberty and freedom to treat of"
these matters in such order as, in their judgment, shall
seem fittest; and that every member of the said House hath
like freedom from all impeachment, imprisonment, and
molestation (other than by censure of the House itself; for
or concerning any speaking, reasoning, or declaring of any
matter or matters touching the Parliament or Parliament
business. And that, if any of the said members be com-
plained of, and questioned for, anything done or said in Par-
liament, the same is to be shown to the King, by the advice
and consent of all the Commons, assembled in Parliament
before the king give credence to any private information."
The sovereign just alluded to, on learning this
audacious avowal of right on the part of the
Commons, was extremely indignant. He dis-
solved the body, and, calling for the journals
struck out the resolution with his own hand. Now'
I propose that we shall, in all things, conform to'
the right royal precedent. Let there be no half-
way work Let us carry out the glorious ex-
ample in all its length, breadth, and proportions.
If, however, the honorable Senator will not go
the whole, I recommend to him to come as near
to it as he can; and I humbly submit to him
whether he had not better so amend—or rather
so modify—his resolution that we may invite the'
President of the United States to visit this body
and be himself the instrument by which this
stain on our proceedings should be removed. I
would propose such an amendment myself; but
ns I would be compelled to vote against the reso-
lution even so amended, I am afraid it would not
be courteous to adopt such a course. But I again
recommend to the honorable Senator to think of
the matter, and give his proceeding the shape I
propose. The Senator, I see, signifies his dis-
sent, and I fear we must swallow the dose as he
has prepared it, but hoping that my suggestion
might be favorably received, I had this morning,
before coming here, carried out the whole scene
in my own mind.
I had imagined the Senate convened; the mem-
bers in their seats; our faithful Secretary at his
post. The approach of the President is announced.
Immediately our Sergeant-at-Arms, a very grave
and discreet person, who each day so clearly and
audibly announces, "Message from the House of
Representatives," &c, &c , «fee, takes his station
at the door,and, in a distinct and firm tone, cries
out, " The President of the United States." He
enters. We rise from our seats, joy glistening
in the eyes of his friends, dismay pictured on the
countenances of his opponents. He traverses
the room with a firm step and dignified air. You
rise from your seat, sir, and receive him with
that grace and urbanity which so eminently dis-
tinguish you; you salute him with affectionate
complacence. Fie answers your salutations with
kindness and dignity. All eyes are fixed on you
and him; and, more favored than other mortals,
our vision is blessed at the same moment with
the ieiii-ng and the rising sun.
The preliminaries of reception passed over,
and the bustle attending it terminated, a solemn
silence prevails. You slowly rise from your seat;
the President docs the same. You pause for a
moment, and cannot conceal the emotions which
the affecting scene gives rise to; you are, how-
ever, at last composed,and you address the Pres-
| ident in these words:
¡ " Sire: The Senate of the United States have
! imposed on me the most agreeable duty of an-
nouncing to you the object which has induced
them to request your presence in their Chamber.
Deeply impressed with the value of yoar services
in the field and the cabinet; convinced that, under
Divine Providence, you have rendered more ser-
vices to mankind ' than any other mortalwhohaievcr
lived in the tide of times,'* they are anxiousto show
their devotion to your person, and their sensi-
bility to your fame. It is with grief they ore
under the necessity of saying that there is found
on their journal a resolution of this body which
is unworthy of them and of you. That resolu-
tion declares that the Senate differ in opinion with
you on the lawfulness and constitutionality of one
of your public acts—a declaration, sir, which they
had no authority to make, and which is untrue,
inasmuch as it dissents from the opinion of you,
the wisest and the best. The Senate have re-
solved that it shall be expunged from their jour-
nals, as a warning to posterity that this branch
of the Legislature shall, in all time hereafter, keep
within its constitutional powers, and express no
opinion on any actof the Chief Magistrate. The
Senate have considered that it would be more
grateful to youjand more conformable to prece-
dents drawn from the purest periods of British
history, that you should expunge this odious reso-
lution with your own hand. The manner in which
the expurgation should be effected is left entirely
to your discretion. To erase the resolution by
drawing black lines around it is the mode pre-
ferred by many of your friends, and particularly
by that distinguished and high-minded body, the
Virginia Legislature. I present, you, sir, this
pen,that it may, in your own hand,avenge your
wrongs, and shall only further say that this is the
happiest and proudest moment of my life. H V
glory enough for any one man."
Sir, I had also run out the gracious answer
which the President would have made to this
loyal and affectionate address, but I felt I was
treading on ground which I could not approach,
and I therefore abandoned it.
I think it scarcely kind of the Senator from
Missouri to deprive the world of the interesting
* Vide Mr. Benton's speech.
