538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Expunging Resolution—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
Although the legislative, executive, and judicial
powers conferred by the Constitution of the
united States on the Senate be in theory distinct,
yet cases are constantly arising in which the
action of the body in its several capacities is im-
periously demanded on the very same matter.
This is inevitable; for as the powers conferred
extend to the person who acts as well as the
thing which is acted on, it is impossible, in legis-
lating on the one, or in sitting in judgment on the
other, to avoid deciding on matters which are
common to both. The exercise of judicial author-
ity in one aspect presents an exception to this
principle. In the investigation which belongs to
it a prominent and controlling inquiry is as to the
intention tcitk which the act was committed. An
examination of this kind can only begone into
by the Senate when sitting as a court of impeach-
ment; but, with this single exception, I maintain
that this body, in its legislative and in its execu-
tive capacity, can go into an investigation of the
legality of acts, and their tendency, just as freely
as if no judicial authority was conferred on it.
Were it otherwise, its legislative power would be
most injuriously abridged, and the executive por-
tion could not be beneficially exercised. Indeed,
it is only necessary to have the contrary prin-
ciple established, and the Chief Magistrate would
get a power in his hands which would enable
him effectually to put a stop to all legislation on
matters in regard to which he thought proper to
resort to the exercise of Executive authority, j
But, if I understand the Constitution rightly, it
was not intended the legislative functions of this ,
body should be placed under the control of any |
other branch of the Government. My reading
of it is, that in the use of them it ia not more j
confined in its sphere, nor less free in its action,
than the House of Representatives.                      j
See, Mr. President, to what consequences the |
contrary doctrine would lead. Congress is almost I
constantly passing laws which require the exer-
cise of Executive authority to carry them into
effect; the President construes them according to
his judgment, and executes them. The Legisla-
ture take the matter into consideration; they
think he has assumed a power which the law did
not confer, and the exercise of which is injurious
to the public interests. A bill is introduced to
correct the evil. Is the Senate estoppedfrom act-
ing on it, because, forsooth, it is compelled to
look into the construction given by the President
of the law, and finds that it differs in opinion
from him? Can it extend no remedy for the
mischief because he has done wrong?
In an early period of the Federal legislation an
act was passed authorizing the President of the
United States to remove from the public lands
fersons who had settled there without permission,
t was intended to operate on that class of per-
sons vulgarly but emphatically called squatters.
In the year 1806,1 think, Mr. Jefferson enforced
this law against a possession which Edward Liv-
ingston had of a portion of the batture in front
of the city of New Orleans. To this property
Mr. Livingston asserted title under a grant of the
French Government to the Society of Jesuits.
His right was contested by the city of New Or-
leans and by proprietors of the lots in front of
the river, holding under the same grant. It is
not necessary to say, if it were easy to do so,
which had the better title; it is enough to state
that the property did not belong to the United
States, and that the act of removal, however
good the motives of the President—and I do not
impeach them—was most illegal, and its opera-
tion oppressive in the extreme. An action was
brought against Mr. Jefferson for this act, and
the cause dismissed for want of jurisdiction in
the court, on the ground that the trespass was
committed in Louisiana, and the trespasser lived
in Virginia. Now, I ask if Mr. Livingston had
applied, as well he might, to Congress for com-
pensation for the great pecuniary losses which he
sustained by this act of the President, Could the
Senate not have acted on the bill for affording re-
lief, because it must necessarily have decided
that the President had done an act, in the lan-
guage of the resolution of the Senate, " not con-
ferred by the Constitution and laws, but in dero-
gation of both."
If gentlemen on the other side say it could not
have acted on such a bill, because it must have
decided on a matter which mtgftt thereafter come
before it on an impeachment for the act, I leave
the correctness of the answer to be decided by the
American people, without any comment of mine.
And if their answer be that it could have consti-
tutionally passed such a law, I inquire what dif-
ference there is between deciding that an act of
the President was contrary to law, and giving
relief for it, and making a declaration to the same
effect in the shape of a resolution ?
The contest between the present Chief Magis-
trate and the Bank of the United States is nearer
to our own times, and offers an example equally
illustrative of the ground I assume. By its char-
ter, the United States engaged to place with it in
deposit the publicmoneys. The President thought
he had the power to withdraw them whenever he
pleased, and withoutany cause save his own pleas-
ure. The Senate think differently; and without
stopping to inquire which party is right, I ask
could not a bill have been constitutionally passed
here to compel them to be replaced, because, in
our opinion, they had been illegally, and conse-
quently unconstitutionally removed? I suppose
it will hardly be contended it could not. If it
could, have we not the power to declare the ille-
gality, by a resolution, in the hope that it will
induce the Chief Magistrate to reconsider his act
and restore the deposits? It requires sharper
optics than mine to see the difference.
We need not stop here, sir. Let us follow this
matter into the exercise of that executive power
which the Constitution has conferred on us. In-
dividuals while holding high offices are sometimes
nominated to the Senate for others. The manner
in which they have discharged their duties in the
placed filled by them is often and of necessity a
matter of rigid and severe inquiry. Acts have to
be sifted and examined, and a judgment formed
on them, to enable us to decide whether it is pro-
per to give our consent to the nominee occupying
a high station. The investigation must, therefore,
be often carried to actions which, if committed
with a bad motive, might subject the officer to
impeachment. Such a case has occurred, and
our authority and bounden duty to go into such
inquiries have never, as I know, been questioned,
although it is manifest the same matters, in rela-
tion to the same person, may come before us in
a judicial capacity.
Sir, this limitation, which now, for the first
time in our history, is attempted to be placed on
the legislative power of the" Senate, is a pregnant
sign of the prevailing notions of the day. The
duties which this body have to perform in the ca-
pacity in which it passed this resolution, are just
as important and as sacred as those belonging to
it in its judicial or executive character. With
the opinions entertained by its members, they
"could not, without sacrificing their conscience at
the shrinesof ease and expediency, have refrained
from the declaration they made in relation to the
conduct of the Executive in removing the de-
posits. That measure filled them with a profound
and, I will add, a just alarm. In their view of
the matter, they saw a great assumption of power
on the part of the Chief Magistrate, and they
could not be blind to the fact that the tendency
of public opinion was, and I am sorry to say
still is, to surrender all authority to the hands of
the Executive; to look to him, and to him only,
as an index which is to point to what is useful
and what is honorable in policy and in legisla-
tion. Had they consulted their own convenience
thcircourse was plain; it was to bow to the storm,
and trust that when a less popular man was at the
head of the Government, the healthy action of
all its several departments would be restored.
But they took lessons from a purer source, and,
I trust, a higher wisdom. Experience had taught
them that in free Governments dangerous prece-
dents are always set by popular men; because it
is they and they only who can create a delusion
which will permit them to be set. They knew
with what fatal effect this example would be cited
j in after times as a justification of still greater
, stretches of authority; and they determined at
! all hazards to resist it to the utmost of their
[ ability. For one, I rejoice that they did so; the
gratitude of their country awaits them; and pos-
I tenty will do that justice, to their acts and their
motives which party spirit now refuses to award
to them. Far too humble myself to connect his-
tory with my name, I fondly indulge the hope
that the position I occupied at that moment will
attach me in some degree to it, as one of those
t who stood manfully in the breach in the unequal
battle which was fought for the Constitution. I
desire no higher praise,and would ask no prouder
epitaph to be engraven on my tomb.
We have been required, in this debate, to toe the
mark, and the hope has been expressed that, after
having denounced the President during the ses-
sion of 1834, stigmatized his conduct, and misrep-
resented his actions, we will not now take shelter
under the defense that we did not mean to impute
bad motives to his acts, and merely intended to
express an abstract opinion on the lawfulness of
his acts. This hope, so far as I am concerned, I
am fully prepared to gratify. I am ready to come
up to the line I advanced to them, and defend it.
And I say that during the whole of that debate,
I do not recollect any charge of corruption or in-
tentional violation of the Constitution charged on
the President of the United States. His acts re-
moving the deposits, and displacing the Secretary
of the Treasury, were denounced, it is true, and
in strong terms; the unlawful assumption of au-
thority was exposed in every point of view in
which it was susceptible, and the pernicious tend-
ency of the precedent set was painted in vivid
colors. This is my recollection of the debate. I
do not pretend to say that, in the heat of it, ex-
pressions of another kind may not have casually
dropped, but such was its general tenor, and I
have no remembrance of its being carried further.
As to my own opinions, I can speak with great
exactness, for I think now of the whole matter
precisely as I thought then. I did not then be-
lieve, and I do not now believe, that the Chief
Magistrate was impelled by any corrupt motive,
or that he thought, when committing those acts
we found fault with, that he was violating the
Constitution and laws; and the little I said on the
subject, for I was then a new member here, dis-
tinctly expressed this conviction.
But I considered the conduct of the President
wrong. I believed that neither the Constitution
nor the law authorized him to interfere as he did
with the public Treasury, and so thinking I did
not hesitate to say so, and sustain my opinions
by my vote. The thought never crossed my mind
that I was prejudging his case, if he had been
impeached; nor can I now see the slightest rea-
son for alleging that I did. And I cannot help
remarking that they who press such an idea pay
a poor compliment to the President, when they
contend that whoever differs with him in opinion
as to the legality of his acts, necessarily ascribe
to him bad motives for them, and decide the
question of guilt, which we would have to try if
we were in the exercise of our judicial functions.
But when the Senator from Missouri was
about to bring forward this motion for expung-
ing, I marvel he did not carry his attention to
another resolution which is to be found on the
journals of the Senate, and which, according to
the doctrines he labors to establish, is in as great
a degree a violation of the Constitution as that
selected by him. I allude to that passed by this
body in relation to the late Postmaster General
(Mr. Barry) at the close of the session of 1834.
That the Senate may see the perfect analogy be-
tween the two cases, I shall bring them in juxta-
position. That which relates to the President is
in these words:
"Rcsolceil, That the President, in the late executive pro-
ceedings in relation to the revenue, lias assumed upon
himself authority and power not conferred by the Consti-
tution and laws, but in derogation of both."
That which regarded Mr. Barry is as follows:
"Resolved, That it is proved and admitted that large
sums of money have been borrowed at different banks by
the Postmaster General in order to make up the deficiency
in the means of carrying on the business of the Tost Office
Department, without authority given by any law of Con-
gress; and that, as Congress alone possesses the power to
borrow money on the credit of the United States, all such
contiacts tor ioans by the Postmaster are illegal and void.
Now I cannot see any the slightest difference
between these cases, and I defy the most subtle
intellect to show him they can be distinguished
from each other. And, on examining the vote
given on that case, we do not find it was a party
