1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
'21th Cong.... 1st Sess.
vole. Far from it-, it was the unanimous voice
of the Senate, and the vote of the Senator from
Missinui stands recorded among the number.
Well, may 1 not ask if it was a violation of the
Constitution of the Urited States to vote that
General Jackson had exercised a power not con-
ferral on him by law, was it not an equal viola-
tion of H to vote that Mr. Barry had acted con-
trary to law ? Do the names make any difference?
Or is it tiiat the action which is constitutional in
regard to a Postmaster General becomes a heinous
offense when committed against one clothed with
the power and upheld by the popularity of the
President of the United Suites' I trust not. But
still it is left to gentlemen who are now prepared
to ex-junge this resolution because it prejudges
General Jackson, to explain why they voted for
that against Mr. Rarry which equally prejudged
111 in. They must also explain why they leave
the latter resolution untouched on the journals,
and expunge the former. Is it because they voted
for that against the Postmaster that it is sacred?
or has slow repentance not yet reached them5
It has been saiu that the most ignorant man may
ask a question which the wisest cannot answer;
and I apprehend they will find themselves pretty
much in that condition in relation to these inter-
rogatories.
Tne Senator from Missouri, however, who
takes lime by the forelock, has anticipated this
objection, and has given his explanation. He
says the vote was forced on him, and, finding
himself compelled to act in this unconstitutional
way, lie conceived that he was in no respect sanc-
tioning the course which the Senate pursued; that
a negative vote would have admitted the jurisdic-
tion just as much as an affirmative one. Without
in the slightest respect impugning the sincerity
of this declaration, and giving it full effect, I must
still remark that though it may sustain the con-
sistency ofthe Senator, it still leaves the precedent
in all its original force, as the construction of
laws, or the deductions to be made from the acts
of legislative bodies, can be in no respect affected
by the declarations of individual members of their
views or motives in concurring in them. And I
must also say that / should think it is a very
good reason to vote against a resolution or law
that I believed it to be unconstitutional. But, be
this as it may, it only explains the vote of the
Senator, and we have the sanction of all the rest
of his friends for the constitutionality of our pro-
ceeding. And at all events it is no justification
for permitting the resolution in regard to Mr.
Barry to remain, and expunging that relating to
the President. If either is to be effaced from our
journal, I hope both will. If justice requires this
act, let it be extended to the memory of him who
lias passed hence to another and better world, as
well as to him who remains among us. Let the
bounty of the honorable Senator extend to all
similarly situated. I trust he will recollect
'• That the self-same sun which shines upon a Court
Hules not his visage from the cottage."
I think I have shown that the Constitution of
the country will be violated if we adopt the reso-
lution ofthe honorable Senator, and I hope I have
satisfactorily answered the principal reasons pre-
sented by him in support of it.
The remaining portion of the honorable Sena-
tor's speech was devoted to two subjects: a pan-
egyric on General Jackson, and avituperation of
the late Bank of the United States. The rele-
vancy of either or both these matters to the ques-
tion now before us, he will excuse me for saying
is not exactly seen by ms, and I might well pass
them by; but a few observations before I close,
on some of the topics he advanced, will, I trust,
be pardoned.
And first, as to the praises whieh the Senator
ha  dealt out with such an overflowing hand to
the President, I have to say that I find do fault
with them. They proceed, no doubt, from the
strong partiality which the gentleman from Mis-
souri feels for their object;and his friendship, and
the modes he takes to manifest it, are matters en-
tirely personal to himself. It would be the less
excusable in me to complain of this failing, as it is
one which 1 share largely in myself. In spite of
everything I can do, 1 find the utmost difficulty
in seeing faults in those to whom I am attached.
My self-love gets interested in sustaining them
The Erpunging Resolution—Mr. Porter,
in my own opinion, and it is dexterous in palli-
ating their weaknesses and magnifying their vir-
tues. With the perfect consciousness of this
tendency of my own nature, I can make great
allowance for what / consider the extravagant
praise which the Senator has bestowed on the
present Chief Magistrate. Rut, after making all
concessions of this kind, I cannot help thinking
the gentleman from Missouri has pushed the mat-
ter a little too far; that he has even stretched
beyond its due extent the old maxim,
"Lay it on thick, and some will stick."
It is, perhaps, rash in me to say so. The hon-
orable Senator is skilled in matters of this kind,
but I just submit to him whether he did not set
all the laws of probability (at least) at defiance,
when he said that " General Jackson had ren-
dered more benefit to mankind than all the poli-
ticians that ever existed."
Mr. F.ENTON here said he had been misun-
derstood; that he said "all the hack politicians
who had ever lived."
Mr. PORTER.   If the Senator so limited his
remark I do notgainsay it.    On the the contrary,
it has my entire assent.    There is no class of
men for whom I have a more thorough contempt
—no, not my contempt; they are not worthy of
it—there are no men for whom I have a more
intense pitv than 1 have for those who Come under
the denomination of hack politicians.    They are
' a miserable race generally, lost to all honor, truth,
; and patriotism, who sell themselves for office,
1 and when they obtain it, use place and station to
1 plunder more successfully the people they have
deceived.    With such men I would not compare
General Jackson for a moment; but I think, on
reflection, theSenator from Missouri will see that
I was not mistaken, and that in the warmth of
his eulogium, he did carry his comparison to the
, extent I have stated.    Such are my notes of his
speech.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Louisiana
might so understand his remarks.
Mr. PORTER. Well, with that permission
I proceed to comment on the compliment paid
' to the President; and looking back, I find that
Solon was a politician; Aristides was a politician;
Pericles was a politician; Cicero was a politician;
' John Hampden (a name never to be mentioned
in a temple of freedom without reverence and
j' gratitude) was a politician; Lord Chatham was a
politician; John Hancock, Benjamin Franklin,
and Thomas Jefferson were politicians. And
with these names come a crowd of recollections
which force me to think that Solon, and Aristi-
des, and Pericles, and Cicero, and John Hamp-
den, and Lord Chatham, and Hancock, and
Jefferson, and Franklin taken altogether, have
rendered just as much service to mankind as General
Jackson, and a little more.
In making these remarks, I am not to be under-
stood as wishing to detract from the reputation
of the President. He has many qualities I re-
¡ spect, and he has rendered important services to
his country. No one admires more than I do his
indomitable will, strong native sagacity, and that
almost sublime energy with which he pursues
and generally attains his purpose. I appreciate,
too, at its just value, the unshaken attachment he
displays to his friends, though the virtue be, as
! I admit it is, more fitted for the ornament of pri-
vate than of public life. But close along side of
! these strong points of character lie defects which
I fear will be painfully felt and long seen in their
untoward influence on public prosperity. But
this is an ungrateful theme, which I have no de-
sire to pursue, and I return to the remaining
portion ofthe subject.
I am sure the Senate will pardon me for not
following the argument I am replying to through
the minute examination given by it to the affairs
of the United States Bank. I see no use in war-
ring with the dead. The party in power have
destroyed the bank on their responsibility,and I
leave to them the pleasure and advantages of a
post mortem examination. I shall not assist at it.
If I had the wish to do so, I have not the knowl-
edge to enable me to meet the Senator on so in-
tricate and confused a field. He has, with great
industry, made himself master of a variety of
facta of which I have no knowledge, still less of
those by which his statements might be explained
Senate.
or the incorrectness of the views he has taken
exhibited.    Indeed, such is the absorbing atten-
tion which the Senator from Missouri has given
to this same great monster, the Bank of the United
! States, that I apprehend there is no man in the
Republic, except the President ofthe bank, who
! is able to give answers to all the objections and
j charges which the fertile imagination of flie hon-
¡ orable member can at any moment conjure up.
j I would, therefore, suggest to him that great ad-
vantages would accrue to the   Republic if he
! would, in some way or other, have a regular dis-
cussion with the parent of mischief, Old Nick him-
self, in regard to the former transactions of the
bank.    They might play the game by letter, as
that of chess is sometimes done, or what would,
perhaps, be better, they could meet at some half-
way place, and each limiting himself to half an
I hour at a time, (I should consider this clause in
the agreement very important,) they might, at the
end of five or six months, end the matter quite
as satisfactorily as the theological contests of a
similar character we sometimes hear of generally
terminate—that is, the auditors would come away
with their heads confused, their passions heated,
and their original prepossessions confirmed.
Of this matter 1 can only state the impression
! produced on my mind by all I have seen and
1 heard on this question, and the conviction I
express has, at all events, this recommendation,
that it comes from one who has never had any
connection with the bank in any way whatever,
and whose judgment is not clouded by the recol-
lection either of favors received or favors refused.
I say, then, in all sincerity, that nothing has yet
come under my consideration to induce me to
think that the Bank of the United States was not
wisely and honestly conducted, and I am con-
vinced that its operations were most useful and
salutary to the nation. It gave us a sound cur-
rency, and it regulated exchanges with a success
until then unknown, and which, if we have not
reached that point already, we must soon cease
to enjoy. No institution, with its power, which
ever existed, so studiously abstained from all
interference with either national or State politics,
up to the time when it pleased those opposed to
it to raise the war-cry of party, and to denounce
it to the public, instead of calling it before a
court of justice, where, according to the terms
of its charter, all violations of it were to be tried.
I shall not attempt to characterize what it did
afterwards; that must be judged by others; but I
fear we are still too near the heated scenes which
this contest has given rise to to judge of it
correctly. Dragged from its legal and constitu-
tional judges, and arraigned before the American
people, it had no choice as to the place or mode
of defense. It had no alternative but to submit
in silence to all the imputations heaped on it, oí
to meet them by denial and proof. That it may
have sometimes overstepped the limits of defense
by assailing its opponents, may be true; and that
its language may not have been always as guarded
as policy would have dictated, is perhaps equally
true, nor is it important. The fault lies with those
by whom the irregular and unconstitutional as-
sault was first made, and much is to be pardoned
to the feelings such a proceeding produced. It
is very easy for the physician who stands by the
side of the victim who is racked to tell him that
his complaints must be courteous and his cries
gentle; but this species of forbearance, like many
other virtues, it is much less difficult to preach
about than practice.
Nor have I seen any proof that it abused its
power at the time when, from the wide-spread
alarm which filled the community on the removal
of the deposits, a total want of confidence in
pecuniary matters seized on the public mind; and
this has again and again been shown. The con-
traction of its discounts was not greater than the
removal of the deposits warranted, and the neces-
sity for transmitting its funds from distant points
to those nearer home, where it was menaced with
a pressure, without the imputation of unworthy
motives, accounts for the facts which the Senator
referred to.
And there is just as great a mistake in regard
to the motives attributed to the members on this
floor who are opposed to the measures taken by
the President in relation to the bank.   I am
