540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Meetings of Congress—Mr. Goldsborough.
[June 27,
Sen
ate.
really almost tempted to get out of humor with
ihe Senator from Missouri at the small compli-
ment he pays to our common sense, when he
asserts that the course pursued by us was
prompted by the hope of influencing elections
and promoting party ends. I beg the Senator to
understand that, deferring to him, as I am sure
all on this side of the House readily would, to
his superior skill in electioneering, and to a
knowledge of all topics by which the passions
and prejudices of the multitude can be inflamed,
we were not quite so ignorant of these things as
to ever flatter ourselves the bank could be made
popular with the people. Reason and experience
both taught us another lesson.
We knew perfectly well that an institution of
this kind never could be acceptable to the mass.
Banks always must be disliked by them, because
the benefits which they confer on society are indi-
rect, and the philosophy of tlieir utility out of com-
mon reach, while the ad vantages which they confer
on the owners of diem are great and palpable; and
odious because they are exclusive. We knew all
this, and if we had not known it, experience had
taught us the lesson. We saw the old Bank of
the United States, which was wisely conducted,
which had given us a sound currency, and whose
whole operations had been beneficial to society—
we saw it prostrated before public clamor and
public prejudice, and that, too, at the moment we
were about entering on war with one of the most
powerful nations on earth, when its assistance
.was most important to the fiscal operations of the
Government. We knew that all the causes which
.produced this result were in active operation again,
and we foresaw just as well as ow opponents did,
.that the same conclusion was extremely probable.
.There w<*s no difference in our perception of this
matter, though there was a wide difference in our
view of the consequences. We saw distress and
ruin to society in the measure, and we resisted it
.without any regard to its effect on our popularity.
They either did not see them, or, if they did see,
they disregarded them. I wish we had been false
prophets. I would with cheerfulness give up the
praise of wisdom and foresight, to avert the
swarm of evils which this measure of the Admin-
istration is about to bring on the country, or
rather which it has already brought on the coun-
try.
We clearly foresaw what would take place, and
we as distinctly warned gentlemen on the other
side of the inevitable derangement of the currency
which must follow the measures they were pursu-
ing. We entreated them to look back on the events
which ensued on the refusal, in 1811, to charter the
,old bank; to reflect on the destruction of credit and
.prostration of morals which flowed from the mul-
tiplication of State banks soon after that period;
to remember how at least one third of the prop-
,erty of the country had changed hands in the
space of a few years; and to think how many
families had been reduced from affluence to pov-
erty by similar measures.   We besceched them
to look at those things, but we beseechedin vain.
The then Secretary of the Treasury told us State
banks could furnish as good or better currency than
■the United Stales Bank.    The President indorsed
. the statement. The Senator from Missouri talked
of his metallic currency, and the golden age which
was approaching; and, under these errors and
misconceptions the work of mischief was done.
But now, when all these delusions have passed,
or are rapidly passing away, is it not meet and
proper that we should, from the eminence on
which we stand, look at the full extent of the evil
which is approaching us? We may draw from
the past and present some salutary Jessons for the
future.
I shall not fatigue the Senate by going back to
that period of our history at the close of the reT-
, olutionary war, when there was such a rapid de-
. preciation of the value of the currency, though it
, furnishes strong examples to illustrate the views
I entertain of this matter.   1 content myself with
recalling the attention of the Senate to the cir-
cumstances which preceded, accompanied, and
f flowed,  the destruction   of the  first National
, Bank; and I am greatly mistaken if the parallel
between the condition of the country now with
. what it was then will not be found complete.
Previous to the expiration of the charter of the
first Bank of the United States, the currency of
the country was in a very sound state, and it
continued so up to that period, and for a short
time after. The States, however, soon began to
charter institutions of their own, and between
1811 and 1813, a considerable addition was made
to the circulation. In 1816, it became excessive.
During all this period the country bore the ex-
ternal marks of prosperity; trade flourished, land,
slaves, houses and lots, and all other species of
Í>roperty, rose in value. Real estate, which could
íave been bought in 1810 for ten dollars an acre,
in 1816 sold for eighty and one hundred dollars.
I remember the time well, sir; the universal pros-
perity of the country was the theme of every
man s tongue, and speculation run riot in its
magnificent schemes. But these things are sub-
ject to laws as certain as anything else in this
world. There isa point beyond which you can-
not carry them. The bubble, when inflated too
much, bursts. In 1817 and 1818 the reduction
in the circulation commenced. It was at first
slow and gradual, and its effects scarcely per-
ceptible. Each day, however, rendered them
more apparent, when, in 1819, the circulation
beingby fifty-nine per cent, less than that of 1815,
there ensued a pecuniary distress which has never
been exceeded in any country. Every article of
commerce, land, slaves, houses, fell as far below
their real value as they had before risen beyond
it. The most enormous sacrifices were made at
public and private sales; and every one was aston-
ished, for they could not account for such achange
in the general prosperity. They are all accounted
for by these naked facts: in 1813 the circulation
of the country was seventy million dollars; in 1815,
one hundred and ten millions; in 1819, forty-five
millions. It was not property that had risen in
1815, it was money that haa depreciated; and it
was the greater value of it, produced by its scarci-
ty in 1819, that made that property fall in price.
I have taken these facts from the report of the
then Secretary of the Treasury, (Mr. Crawford,)
and they may be relied on. There can be no
mistake in the deduction I make from them.
It would seem as if all experience was lost on
us. We again see the same extraordinary rise
in the price of everything which is an object of
sale. Every One, as heretofore, is expatiating
on the universal prosperity, and there are no
bounds to the imaginations in which men indulge
in these matters. But our situation is just the
same as it was in the other times 1 have been
speaking of.
In 1830, our circulation was sixty-one million
dollars. In January, 1835, or rather in June,
1834, it was one hundred and three million dollars.
In 1836, it cannot be less than one hundred and
twenty millions. An increase of sixty millions of
dollars in six years! I give the facts from the
official returns made by the Secretary of the
Treasury. They come, itis true, no lowerdown
than 1835. But if we take the average increase
for two or three years before that time, and reflect
on the enormous rise of property since, (asure
indication of an unhealthy circulation,) we must
be satisfied that there has been more than seven-
teen millions added to the circulation within the
last sixteen months, and that one hundred and
twenty millions is below rather than above the real
estimate.
You see, therefore, at a glance, the causes of
{he present state of things; and who cannot also
see at a glance how it is to end? If the evil could
be checked now, and the reduction be slow and
gradual, we might escape the consequences which
"time has inevitably in store for us under any other
policy. But, sir, far from expecting this, I look
to an increase of the disease. It appears to me
inevitable. A universal madness has taken pos-
session of the public mind. Within the last four
months I have heard of augmentations of banking
capital, proposed or passed, to the amount of
fifty million dollars, and more I am told are pro-
jecting; so that we may expect to see this sys-
tem continuing until it breaks and falls from its
own weight and magnitude. In the present state
of things, the Statos are all interested to increase
the circulation of their own banks, and prevent
that of their neighbors. Indeed, we already see
symptoms of a war of legislation, (the result
of jealousy,) by which they are attempting to
restrain the notes of banks in other States from
passing within their limits.
This deplorable state of things must yet get
worse; and well might the Senator from Mis-
souri depict it in the colors he did a few days
ago.     He could not overcharge this picture__a
picture rendered more painful to contemplate, by
the recollection of our condition before the war
was waged on the Bank of the United States.
For sixteen years it regulated the currency of the
country, with a wisdom and success of which
there is no parallel. We threw it away, and we
see what we have got in its place. All the pro-
jects of regulating and chcclung the excess of
bank emissions by law, refusing to receive at
your Treasury their notes of a less sum than
twenty dollars, will have no more effect than
would a bucket full of earth thrown into the Mis-
sissippi to stop its current. And as to pushing
gold and silver into circulation when you have
five hundred and fifty banks interested in gather-
ing it all up and supplying its place with their
notes, that is equally impracticable; a cheap and
a dear currency never can exist together; the
former always destroys the latter. Having no
power by the Constitution to interfere directly
with the State legislation in this matter, I see
that the country is destined to go through the
same scenes of agitation and suffering which it
did previous to the operation of the late Bank of
the United States. After the evils have come to
a height when they can no longer be endured, we
shall have another national bank, and not until
then. But I submit if it would not have been as
well to prevent this state of things two years
ago ? I inquire , What good has been, or can be
attained, by putting the people through this fear-
ful trial ? Five or six years hence will be the
time to get an answer to these questions.
Sir, it affords me no consolation for all the
calamities which I see approaching that we are
told the people of the United States have approved
of all the acts of the President in relation to the
bank. If they had, I could not surrender my
impressions; but I have seen no evidence of the
fact. It is inferred from his reelection, and from
a majority of his friends being found in Congress.
But I protest against any such a fallacy being
received as proof of their approval. 1 believe, on
the contrary, that the President was reelected,
and is now sustained in spite of the removal of the
deposits, not in consequence of that act. When I
came here two years ago, I conversed in private
with none of his friends who did not regret the
step, though they were unwilling to abandon
him for what they conceived an honest error.
These friends still sustain him, because, with his
defects and mistakes, they prefer him to those
who might take his place. Th is is the true ground,
not that taken in argument. By such reasoning
as has been offered on this floor every President
who is reelected has done no wrong, nor fallen
into any error; he is infallible. It is a pure
sophism to assert that the reelection of any man
argues an approval of each of his acts. It is only
evidence that, taking them all, good and bad,
together, the people accept him.
I have much more to say, but the state of my
health forbids me to go further, and I conclude
by again returning my thanks to the Senate for
the attention with which they have honored me.
MEETINGS Or CONGRESS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H.GOLDSROROUGH,
OT MARYLAND,
In Sinate, June 27, 1835,
On the Veto Message of the President on the bill regulating
the time of sitting of Congress.
Mr. GOLDSBOROUGH asked the attention
of the Senate for a moment only, as he was well
aware at this late period of the session, that the
request was a great one; he would give his con-
struction of the Constitution in relation to the
question before them with studied brevity and
conciseness.
The topic is somewhat a new one, and has for
the most part, escaped the attention of enramen -
ators; for what reason—whether considered ¡b
perfectly obvious, or as not important enough to
