544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps
measures, too, of defense. Yet it is said the appro-
priation was consequent upon this resolution—
growing out of it—part and parcel of it, and ab-
solutely necessary to give it efficiency.
Mr. ADAMS hoped he should not be misrep-
resented. He had not said so. He said the
appropriation was proposed in consequence of the
resolution unanimously adopted the preceding
day.
Mr. EVANS. I shall not, sir, designedly mis-
represent the gentleman. There is quite as much
in the speech which I have before me, without
misrepresentation, as can be maintained. The
gentleman has said :
"It was well known to every member of the House, and,
he believed, to every person out of the House, that the ap-
propriation of three millions was introduced in consequence
of the vote on that resolution the night before.   It was well
known that the resolution, winch finally passed by that vote,
had been contested by a debate of several days immedi-
ately before its passage, upon grounds that such a resolu-
tion would occasion war.   If you look to the journals of
the House for the resolution which passed, and to the sev-
eral resolutions proposed as substitutes for it, you will pee
that it was admitted with extreme reluctance by many
members of the House; that it was ardently and persever-
ingly contested, and upon the grounds that it would occa-
sion a war.     Under these circumstances, although the
House were not of opinion that it would give just cause for
war, still, how was it possible for a statesman, looking to
the interests of our common country, not to see that these
reasons, so pressed upon the consideration of the House,
and, looking to the action of another Government, might
have that tendency ? The conduct of a foreign Government,
to he predicated upon this act of our own, was matter of
foresight and conjecture.    There was misunderstanding
and irritation between ourGovernment and thatof France.
The members of the House who had resisted the passage
of the resolution, intelligent and patriotic men, had urged
the House against it; and all the tender sympathies of our
nature, and all the sentiments of humanity jh our bosoms,
had been appealed to as warnings against that resolution.
The image of war, in all its terrors and with all its calami- ;
ties, bad been held up before us, todeter the House from the |
assertion of the nation's rights and of the nation's honor
contained in that resolution. Conscious that the resolution
could not give any just cause of offense, the House did not
believe that it would offend, or endanger the peace of the '
country; yet, in deference lo the fears of the minority, and
as an earnest of their sincerity in the determination to insist
upon the execution of the treaty, it was deemed fitting that
the country should put itself in an attitude of defense, to
meet the worst possible contingency, and to sustain that
resolution which they unanimously passed.   These were
the grounds upon which that item was introduced on the
last day of the session. And why on the last day? Because
it was only the night before that the unanimous vote had
passed.   In all the debate in the National Intelligencer, to
which he had referred, there was no more trace of such a
resolution as having passed the House than if it had never
existed."
Now, sir, I am not sensible that I misunder-
stand or misrepresent the gentleman. He cer-
tainly attributes the appropriation of three mil-
lions to an apprehension somewhere existing
that the adoption of the resolution might lead to
measures requiring defense on our part—to a de-
termination on the part of the House to sustain
that resolution. The resolution was the ground-
work, the basis of the appropriation. Sir, I take
issue upon these assertions. The appropriation
would have been moved, I doubt not, and agreed
to, whatever resolution had been passed. The
particular resolution was passed unanimously, not
because it looked to war, and involved contingent
appropriations, but because it looked to peace,
and was a rebuke on hostile designs. If it was
not so designed and so to be regarded—if it en-
folded within itself anything which might by
possibility lead to war, and which demanded
corresponding preparations, then I will say with
my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Reed,] that we were deceived and betrayed into
its support. We agreed to it as a measure of
peace. The abandonment of the treaty nobody
dreamed of. Even France had not intimated it.
Hostile movements, or movements tending in any
degree to hostilities, were never intended by us.
We would not have moved an inch in that direc-
tion; least of all would we have done anything
to place the question of peace or war in the sole
hand of the President. The resolution, there-
fore, was not the foundation, I repeat, of the ap-
propriation of three millions. It was not so
understood, as the gentleman says it was, on all
sides of the House. On the other hand, so far
from being regarded as a " consequence," a " con-
summation of the resolution," it was looked
upon as directly repugnant to it. A distinguished
member from Virginia, [Mr. Gordon,] who I re-
gret is not now here, and who represented the
principles of the ancient Commonwealth with
great ability, then said:
" Yesterday the House had voted unanimously that there
was no occasion to make war; and now, just before the
moment of adjournment, the extraordinary proposition is
made to remove all the guards from the Treasury, and to
give up that and all the legislative power to the President,
in order to carry on a war."
The same sentiment prevailed among many
members of that House. The appropriation was
considered utterly inconsistent with the object and
the spirit of that resolution, which is now repre-
sented as having been the basis of it. Nor, sir,
is the gentleman any more correct in the remark
that " the resolution whichfmally passed by that vote
had been contested by a debate of several days
immediately before its passage, upon grounds
that such a resolution would occasion war."
The truth is, the resolution which passed was
hardly debated at all. It was scarcely resisted.
The reference to the journals which the gentle-
man challenges does not bear him out. But this
is a matter, sir, about which there need be no
controversy. The journals show the facts. On
the 27th day of February the Committee on For-
eign Affairs made a report, accompanied by these
resolutions:
1.  "Resolved, That it would be incompatible with the
rights and honor of the United States further to negotiate
in relation lo the treaty entered into by France on the 4th
of July, 1831. and that this House will insist on its execu-
tion as ratified by both Governments.
2.  "Resolved, That contingent preparation ought to be
made to meet any emergency growing out of our relatione
with France."
A minority of that committee made a separate
report, offering no specific resolutions, but ex-
pressing the sentiment that the execution of the
treaty should be insisted on " oí all hazards."
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] then offered his resolutions, as sub-
stitutes for those proposed by the committee, in
these words:
1.  " Resoleed, That the rights of the citizens of the
United States to indemnity from the Government of France,
stipulated by the treaty concluded at Paris on the 4th of
July, 1831, ought in no event to be sacrificed, abandoned, or
inpaired, by any consent or acquiescence of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
2.  " Resolved, That if it be, in the opinion of the Presi-
dent of the United States, compatible with the honor and
interest of the United States, during the interval until the
next session of Congress, to resume the negotiations be-
tween the United States and France, he be requested to do
so.
3. " Resolved, That no legislative measure of a hostile
character or tendency towards the French nation is neces-
sary or expedient at'this time."
These various resolutions and the reports from
the committee were debated on Saturday, 28th
February, and also on Monday, the 2d day of
March; and these were the resolutions which,
upon the one side or the other, were " contested
and resisted." The animated debate to which the
gentleman refers, and the spirited resistance, were
i not upon his resolution which finally passed— for
1 it had not then been proposed; but it was to some
of these, and chiefly to that which looked to con-
tingent preparations. Objections were made to
the phraseology employed in the report and reso-
lutions. The expression "at all hazards," was
regarded as minatory,and so also the words "in
no event," which occur in the first of the gentle-
man's proposed substitutes. Milder language
was sought. Various unsatisfactory amendments
and suggestions were offered, all going to soften
down the asperities which were thought to exist
in the language and spirit of the reports and res-
olutions. Finally, at a late hour in the evening,
the House having been in continued session four-
teen hours, a new resolution, or perhaps a modi-
fication of one which had been already offered, was
proposed Very little, if any, debate occurred
upon it None is reported*. It was unanimously
adopted with but two slight efforts to substitute
others in its stead. These are the facts. Thev
cannot be controverted. The House will now
judge whether that resolution, which is asserted
to have been the foundation of the appropriation
of three millions, was debated and resisteuseveral
days, upon the ground that it would or might
involve the naüon in war—whether it was agreed
to underany expectation thatit was to be followed
up by measures for defense.    As to the notice
mud to have been given by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Cambreleng,]
! that he should submit a motion for large contin-
gent appropriations, I lay it out of the case. Few
heard it. But what of it? Was the House thereby
pledged to vote any appropriation he might choose
to propose? Above all, was the Senate bound
also to take notice, to know that it was the con-
sequence, the consummation of our resolution, and
despite their constitutional objections, to grant
the money accordingly ? Did the resolution which
had been already adopted thereby change its char-
acter; and, from being pacific, become all at once
belligerent, because the member from New York
took upon him to give notice to the House of
what he should propose ? I repudiate all such
conclusions, utterly, entirely.
The honorable member [Mr. Adams] has pro-
ceeded a step further. He impugns the motives of
the Senate in withholding the three millions.
Their proceedings upon the subject of our diffi-
culties with France at the last session were, he
says, a " do-nothing policy"—a paralytic policy."
The unanimous resolution of the House was con-
sidered "a pungent, though tacit, rebuke of that
policy," and if the appropriation had been agreed
to, " it would have made the Senate the unwilling
accessory to implied censure upon its own quiet-
ism under foreign wrong." " The system of the
Senate" was, " to do nothing." A resolution had
passed that body, unanimously, in these words:
" Resolved, That it is inexpedient at present to adopt any
legislative measure in regard to the state of affairs between
the United States and France."
" This was," says the gentleman, "a resolu-
tion not only declining to do that which the
President had recommended, to vindicate the
rights and the honor of the nation, but posi-
tively determining to do nothing, not even to
express a sense of the wrongs which the coun-
try was enduring from France. Such was the
system of the Senate." Does the honorable
member perceive upon whom his censures fall?
Does he recollect that his new-found friends and
allies, the leaders and supporters of the Admin-
istration in that body, must come in for their
share of responsibility, if any justly attaches to
the proceedings of the Senate? Does he not re-
member that "the system of the Senate" was
unanimously adopted; that it was understood to
have the concurrence and approbation of the Ex-
ecutive himself; that it was approved by the offi-
cial organ of the Administration, which has now
become the chosen channel of communication of
the gentleman's own opinions? Does he forget
that the presses throughout the country—party
presses and others—held the language of appro-
bation upon that proceeding of the Senate ? What
responsibility, then, I pray to know—whose in-
dignation—had they any apprehension of incur-
ring? A unanimous vote, for which each member
was equally responsible, approved by all parties,
complained of by none—what had they to fear?
The load of reproach attempted to be thrown
upon them falls upon broad shoulders.
At what period of time, sir, may I ask the
honorable member, did he make the discovery
that so weighty a load of responsibility lay upon
the Senate? When did he find out " where the
real sting of the three million appropriation lay r"
Something was said about arguments which had
been used elsewhere being the fruit of " nine or
ten months'meditation." What has "nine or
ten months'meditation" done for him, in the
way of memory or argument ? Does he forget
what his own sentiments were at the last ses-
sion, as to " the do-nothing policy" of the Senate?
Allow me, sir, to refresh his memory a little. On
the 7th of February, certain papers touching our
relations with France were transmitted to C°""
gress by the President. A discussion of consid-
erable interest ensued. The gentleman gave his
opinions at some length. I was so unfortunate as
to differ from him, and some words passed be-
tween us on that occasion. Amongotner things,
the gentleman charged the Senate with " dodging
the question"—doing nothing; at least, he was so
understood and so reported. The tenor of his re-
marks impressed every one with the belief that
he was prepared to go far, very far, in the sup-
port of Executive measures tending to hostilities.
So it stood until the 14th of the same month,
whenthegentleman again favored the House with
his views.   I will not say he retracted or dented
