1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
sets down a half million or more of dollars for
jiiowMons, a considerable sum for medicines, for
oidifinct stoics, and §295,000 foi "miscellaneous
llims."     Why  aie  tin st) and vauous sural tr
e\p> ndituii s,c ilUdnoiUieinexpcndituies ' Pro-
visions, for mstat to—how are they piocured ■ By
co'iti n t    Bids .ue leceived fiom all poisons dis-
port d to oik i.    The South is not cxeludcd fiom
competition, and, if it will  supply the demand
upon cqua'ly favorable terms, it will receive is
lust propoition.    If it be found that ai tides of
this description are geneiallv piocuicd   at   the
North, undoubtedly  it is because  they can  be
much moie advantigeously supplied fiom that
quarter     The South, to some evtent, is a pur-
ehiser for its own consumption, instead of having
the means of supplying others   Itdoes, howevti,
furnish a portion of the provisions used in the
>avy , ami the West supplies much moie. Eveiy-
ihmg viantid in die Navy, or in the public ser-
vice, will, of course, and must be procured wheie
it is to be had.    North Carolina furnishes, of its
own productions, no small amount, other south-
ern Slates and Tcrutoiies  supply  most of the
timber.    An effort was made sometime ago, and
by none more strenuously than by northern men,
to introduce cotton canvas into use in our ships-
of-vvar, and to some evtent, I believe, success-
fully.    This is a southern production, and the
Noith certainly nevei  resisted it because of its
local origin.   It is obviously impossible to adopt
any rule of equalizing expenditures of this descrip-
tion.    There is but one safe and proper mode of
proceeding, and that is, to procure the supplies
of every description just where they can most
advantageously be had.    Sir, I could follow the
gentleman through many other items which he
sets down as northern disbursements, and could
show the fallacy of regarding them in that light.
But, unless the objects to be accomplished are
shown to be wrong, or that they can be better
promoted elsewhere; unless the thing to be done
ought not to be done, shall we omit it because
it would involve expenditures at the North '    If
the country requires it at our hands, shall we fail
to do it' Shall we neglect public interests because
we find it impracticable to gratify local desires'
Among the objects to be accomplished at the
South, befoie the honorable gentleman will con-
sent to any further disbursements from the Tieas-
ury, he has named a navy-yard at Charleston,
South Carolina; and it may be proper to say a
word or two in this connection upon that subject.
Is a navy-yard required there'    I do not say that
it is not, but what are the proofs of it     What
necessity appears to demand it'    A report favor-
able to the object was made by the Naval Com-
mittee two years ago, and a petition has lately
been presented from that city, soliciting its ac-
complishment.    In both I find valuable informa-
tion, but scarcely anything of that vei y consider-
tion which alone has weight in my mind—the
public exigency.    Does the country need another
navy-yard", and one at that port?   That is the
question.    It has been shown in the papers  I
refer to, that there is a good harbor; a channel,
if not quite deep enough now, capable of being
made so; laborers and manufactures of all sorts,
and seamen always to be had.    So far, so good.
With these opportunities and facilities for spend-
ing money, comes in the argument of equalizing
disbursements.
It strikes me as not a little remarkable that we
are called on by petition to construct a navy-yard.
Were it a work of defense, like a fortification, it
•would be obviously right for a people or com-
munity to represent their defenseless condition,
and solicit protection. But a petition to those
intrusted with the administration of the Govern-
ment, and who are supposed to know what is
required by a just regard to the interests of the
country, from a single city, for such an object, is
somewhat of a novelty. It is founded, and pro-
ceeds altogether, on the idea of the local advant-
age to accrue from it, and, indeed, that object is
pretty plainly avowed in the present instance.
An argument very similar to this attracted my
notice, some days ago, in favor of the continu-
ance of the yard at Portsmouth. It appeared in
the Globe introductory to an article copied from
a New Hampshire paper, at the request of some
one who felt an interest in the subject, and was
doubtless intended to have ito effect with Con-
gress in deciding that question.    The aigument
was this:  the navy-yaid at Portsmouth ought
not to be abandoned, because—why'    Because
that town had given a Demociatic majority ever
since 18.23, and had stood firm during the peuod
of the alarm which so extensively prevailed two
years since, growing out of the iemoval of the
deposits.    That is the aigument, and one hdidly
knows what emotion to feel—indignation at the
proihgiey of the sentiment, or pity foi ¡he miser-
able fatuity of intellect vv Inch conceived it     Sir,
if not only the offictis, the stations of influence
and emolument, are to be baiteicdaway for party
suppoit, and as rewards and spoils to servile fol-
lowers,  but the gieat measures of policy, the
leading interests of the country, are to be swayed
and influenced by such considerations, I am almost
ready to say with   the gentleman, "this is no
Government foi us."    I admit, sir, that the aigu-
mentinfavorof Charleston rises onegrade higher,
but still it is founded on sectional, local, peisonal
interests.   It is for the accommodation of Chailcs-
ton, and the people of Chaileston.    I beg not to
be understood as expressing  opposition to the
establishment of a navy-yard m South Carolina,
for I feel none.    I am only combatting some of
the reasons which have been urged in its behalf,
and which, I think, should have no influence
whatever on the question.    As to the necessity of
another dry-dock at the South, orelsewhcie, I am
not sufficiently informed ; but if it is wanted only
to equalize disbuisements,even that object would
hardly be accomplished.    Much would still be
furnished by the North     The very materials of
which it would be constructed, if not much of the
labor and scientific skill employed upon it, would
be drawn from the same region, as was the case
in relation to that at Gosport; and this single fact
shows how impossible it is to make equal dis-
bursements.    Whenever attempted, it must fail.
I pass now, Mr. Chairman, to another object
whereon large amounts have already been ex-
pended, and the estimates for which are said to
be monstrously unequal.    I mean fortifications
Where ought they to be established' What con-
sideration ought to prevail in determining their
location'    Will anybody pretend that eqaahty
of disbursements ought to have any weight in
settling this question '  I imagine not. Thepiom-
ment considerations to be regaided are:    1. The
exposure, the liability to invasion, and the con-
sequences, more or less gv.ncial, of a successful
invasion.  2. The practicability of defense, within
anyjust adaptation of means to objects fit to be
accomplished      Other considerations might be
stated.    Will it be pretended that, upon these
principles, any of the fortifications already erect-
ed, or which are proposed to be erected, are use-
less and unnecessary'    If it be true that the
North has rcc.itJ a laigei propoition of dis-
bursements, (and I shall piesently show that it
is not,) has it been fiom any spirit of favontism
to that region, ni fiom the absolute necessity of
the case'° What is the, gem ral character of the
whole northern coast'   Is it lie, peculiarly liable
to invasion—easy of access'    Its deep wateis,
bold navigation, numerous bays, harbors, inlets,
estuaries, afford ample opportunities for fleets to
nde in security, and penetrate the country at in-
numerable points.    It is, therefore, a coast par-
1   ticularly  exposed   to  invasion   by a  maritime
Power.    Why, sir, in the State of Maine alone,
there are more harbors, more accessible points,
exposed to the incursions of a naval force, than
in the whole thousand miles from here to Florida
Point.  What would be the consequences of suc-
cessful invasions upon a coast studded with rich
cities, prosperous villages, manufacturing estab-
lishments, and a numerous and dense population;
whose waters are covered with innumerable ves-
sels bearing the fruits of labor and industry '   Is
it not to be expected—is it not an imperious duty
of Government to fortify and protect such a coast'
Has it been done extravagantly or wastefully'
Now, sir, as to the southern Atlantic coast, its
geographical chaiacter furnishes, in a great de-
gree, protection against invasion.   With shallow
waters, difficult and dangerous navigation, few
accessible harbors or rivers, can it be necessary
,   to erect fortifications upon the same scale as a
different coast requires?    Has it not been suffi-
ciently defended ' These are the tiuc points to
be considered Regard is to be had aLo to ti e
consequences of the occupation of any paiticular
post by an enemy.
If 1 were disposed to compliin—indeed, I am
disposed, and mean to do so, if semeth n T 101 the
defense of Maine, the mosti \posed and the least
futified of any State in the Union, is not done—
I might institute a compauson, showing how
much has been done t Isewhere, and how little
there The leason for its neglect so long has
probably been an appichension that an invasion,
liowcvpi harassing to Maine itself, would m * be
seriously annoying to the country at large. Many
poits and places, of greatei consequence in them-
selves than otheis which have been much moie
fortified elsewheie, exist in Maine, and yet I can
well conceive then capture would bo attended
with less serious consequences to the country
generally. Newpoit, for instance, from its cen-
tral position in relation to other important places,
is a most important station, and Us occupation
by an enemy in time of war would be the means
of gieat annoyance and distress. Key West, of
little consequence alone, yet fiom its command-
ing position is of indispensable impoitance
Considerations of this soitaie all to be weighed
in determining this general system of defense;
and, in this view, can it be pretended that an
undue proportion of works of this descnption
has been located on the northern coast' Let us
consider, sir, what has in fact been done, and I
apprehend gentlemen will find the results not pre-
cisely what they anticipate. Let us see whether
it be tiuc that the South has received nothing;
whethei it be indeed the vast ocean from which
this great central sun draws up all the vapois that
descend in fertilizing showers exclusively upon
the barren fields of the Noith' Very little, sir,
as we all know, was done prior to the list war in
erecting fortifications upon the sea-board. The
system, now in piocess of being executed, was
commenced and has grown up since that peuod.
In oider to show the disparity in the amounts
already expended, and proposed to be expended,
| in the two sections of the country, the honoiable
I gentleman has made such a division of the coast
as to throw Virginia into the north Atlantic
I region, instead of the southern, where it appro-
priately belongs—appropriately, so far as the
unequal and exhausting operation of Government
is concerned. Virginia has always been one of
the complaining States. It resisted the tariff. It
is one of the producing States, and in all respects
situated like South Carolina, so far as the prin-
ciples in issue aie concerned, except that it has
received very laige disbursements. In my view
of the subject, 1 shall regard it as a southern
State; and, in truth, Maryland ought also to be
so consideied.
At the first session of the Twenty-Fust Con-
giess, a statement of all the expenditures upon
fortifications since 1815 was submitted to Con-
gress, and is among our documents.   Up to 1820
the expenditures were very near $3,000,000, the
larger poition of which, by far, was made at the
South.    From 1820 to 1830, beyond which the
I tables do not extend, the expenditure, South, for
I fortifications, was §4,175,958; and, in the same
i period, Noith, but $1,112,568.    But, sir, I have
I  a more full and satisfactory statement than this,
coming down to the present peuod, obtained
from authentic sources, and entitled to credit. It
is "a statement showing the amount expended
on the fortifications of the United States from the
year 1812 to the year 1835, inclusive, including
the unexpended balances of appropriations for
works not finished." It shows all that has been
done—and what is the result' Upon works
North, including Maryland, the expenditure has
been |,3,447,772 44, upon the South Atlantic, it
has been $4,547,951 55; and on the Gulf coast,
*3,495,G39 91 The North Atlantic, therefore,
has actually received the least of either section.
Have no fertilizing diops fallen upon the South'
Other statements have been prepared and laid
before us, showing the number of works com-
pleted , and of those in process of being completed;
and, by reference to them, it will be seen that of
these two classes, by far the larger portion is at
the South.    When the works now being con-
II  structed   are finished, the whole   expenditure
