1S36.]
24th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Reed.
555
Ho. of Reps.
not recommended it. The Committee of Ways
and Means had not examined it. Theie was no
report ot any committee in favor of it—no esti-
matt from anj body, no specification, no pme-
dtnt 1 ht ¡remitirían fiom Ntw Yoik [Mi.
C vmbreifvgj has just read a numbtr of eases
whuli he ion>iders precedents—cases of geni i al
appiopnationsof mom v toaconsidcrable amount.
1 have now no opportunity to examine the casts
he has referred to. They seem nil to be of ancient
date, mid most of tin m specific. The case mainly
rtu<d upon 13 that of two millions 111 18Uu, and
which the gentleman informs us is " so import-
ant, comprehensive, and indefinite, and applies
so directly to the case." If my rt collection be
correct, that appropriation was called " seciet
service money," put into the hands ot the Presi-
dtnt ti purchase Plouda There was, I think,
at tlu time loud complaint against that appropu-
ntion. It was answeied that the object of die
appropriation must be kept a secret, or the pur-
pose for which it was appropriated would be
defeated. Does the gentleman mi w that cabe
like the one  o are considering' Was the three
million of last year proposed to be added to the
fortification bill consideied seciet service money'
1 defy the gentleinau to find a case like the three
million proposition of last year. The history of
our legislation does not furnish it, in my opinion,
—an appropriation of such v ist amount made
Without time tor examination and without speci-
fication. The three million amendment was
first presentid to the notice of Congress six
hours only I tore the close of the Session, with-
out report 01 time foi elimination or discussion.
Sir, foi such a precedent I am quite sine gentle-
men will starch in vain. Things ought not so
to be. Wi are bound to examine and cons.der
before we decide such important subjects and
vote away such large sums. We want time and
facts and esum i'ls ami specifications, and we
ought not to act in the d-irK, under the influence
oi dictation of any man.
But my col'eague [Mi. Advms] his discovered
a reason and foundation for the three milhon
appropriation, to me as novel and extiaoidmary
as was the proposition for the apptupiration
itself. It was, he says, founded on his íesolu-
tion, which I will consider hereafter.
In presenting the resolution now under discus-
sion, tht gentltman fiom Massachusetts, my
col'eague, saw fit to indulge in a course of remaiks
whol'y unlooked for, and of the most painful
character. The usolution is one of inquny , its
object is the asceitainment of facts; it asks a
special committee. By the usage of this House,
s íould the resolution pass, the mover would be
appnoted chairman. But my colleasu1 [Mi.
Adams] has seen fit to give a minute and detailed
history of what he supposes h.cts, 111 the very
case to be investigated. He hasdone it in a si irit
and temper illy calculated to inspire confidence
in his impartiality Was it necessary, or expe-
dient, or commendable, or just.iiable, to use such
language of violence anil abuse toward Senatois
and the Senate of the United ¡states'
The rule in what is called Julu¡son's Manual,
our book of 1 ules, is as follows:
' It 13 a lirtacli of order, 111 debate, to notice what has
been sa J upon tne s,am( subject in the other II >u o, or the
particular vote , or majorities on it there, b^citi-e the
opinion of each Hou,e should be left to its own mdepend
eney. not to be influenced by Uie proceedings oi the other;
and the quoting them might beget r. flections leading to a
mi-under-tanding between the two Houses "
Tins rule is not an empty form. How all-
lmpoi tant to maintain kind and respectful feelings
between two bodies, who must act in unison, or
the operations of the Government must cease.
With this rule before him, and with strong and
reiterated professions of a desne to promote har-
mony between the different departments of the
Government, my colleague has quoted in this
di bate th' votes and speeches of Senators, and
dtn >uncfd the Senate with unmeasured severity,
and tl  n bv violated, most palpably, the íule
a'jivc namf'd.ard set at naughtall his professions
in favor of harmony and a good understanding
Ills «perch is a pool r-ommt ntary upon his pro-
fe< ions, and I hs'cticd to it with i< gret and pain.
M> colli ague , tinougl oat his sp.ech.has had
much to say"about mau-woi ship. I never heard
hitu accused of that idolatry.    But theie is an-
other kind of idolatry, of which, perhaps, some I
aie in nioie danger: I mean the woiship of what
my col'eague w as pleased to call,a few days since,
in this House, oui noble selves. Next to being
right, we all desire to be consistent. That desne
is law 1 til and commendable, but we aie in danger
of putting the consistent before the right, und that
is a sole evil undei the sun.
My colleague, in his speech, in leference to the
foitifieation bill, fust, defended himself through-
out. Ot this I do not complain. I mean to im-
itate him. 2dly He defended the niajouty of the
House of Repiesentatives, even when opposed to
himself. 3diy. He defended the conduct of those
who uiged constitutional scruples in opposition
to him and his opinions, in relation to the hour of
adjourning, and who broke up a quotum, and de-
feated the bill. But my colleague [Mi. Adams] is
veiy 1 ulignant at two things. 1st. Anexpussion
used by a distinguished Senator fiom Massachu-
setts, [Mi. Wi.BaThn,] who,aftei showing in an
able and masteily argument, the unconstitution-
ality, danger, and inexpediency of voting for
the section proposed by the House of Repiesent-
atives "adding the tluee millions," " obseived,
if the proposition were now before us, and the
guns of the enemy weie battering against the
walls of the Capitol, 1 would not agree to it."
And he immediately adds, " the people of this
country have an interest and property, an inher-
itance in this instrument, [the Constitution,]
against the value of which foity capitols do not
weigh the twentieth part of one pooi scruple."
Mycolleaguequotedthe first sentence, and used
language in refeience to the quotation, and in ref-
erence to the great and distinguished man, the
author of those itmarks, which I will not repeat,
wholly unjustifiable and without foundation. But
I stop not to eulogize or defend the distinguished
individual referred to. He needs not my aid. I
merely ask my colleague why he did not quote
the argument of the Senatoi from Massachusetts,
and why he stlected a single isolated sentence '
I ask my colltague if he had entei tamed the same
opinions as did the Senator retened to, that the
" three million section was unconstitutional, in-
expedient, and of most dangerous tendency,"
whethei he would have voted for it to save the
Capitol or his own life'
The other thing that excited my colleague's
hot displeasure on the 3d of March was a teso-
lution sent by the Senate to the House of Repre-
sentatives, as follows:
(* Result ed, That *i message be sent to the honorable the
Houseoflíi preséntame-, rt~pecttullv to remind the House
of the report of th  committee ot conference appointed on
the disagreeing vote-* ot the two Houses on the amendment
ot the Sen*Ue to the bill re-pectins the fortifications ot the
United States "
And my colleague makes the following com-
ment.
* When that niee«,ige was delivered, he must confer, if
ever a ttelmg ot s|i une and ot 11 donation had filled his
bosom, it wa.at Iba" moment He f( It it as rn m-ult to
the immediate Repicáputativts ot the people ; ind ii it had
been sent it a mull  nt \\ lien the House yet eu-tcd, with
the power to resent unprovoki d m-ult he verily believed
that, immting the example' ot our Congress in a some
waat si nil ir ea-e during the revolutioinn war, he should
h ive moví d that a me-sage he sent by two members ot the
House to cast the Semite message on their floor, and tell
thctn tint it was not tl e custom of the Hou-c to receive
insolent messages It was, perhaps, well that he had no
opportunity to give vent to those feelings "
The above message was sent after anxious
waiting in the Senate to hear from the House of
Representatives. The conference committee had
separated, and the Senate's committee had long
before reported to the Senate, but nothing was
heard from the House of Representatives. Was
there just occasion for such a burst of indignation
as my colleague descubes, and which agitated
his bieast and urgid him to do that which, if
done, must have dishonored both him and the
House of Representatives' And yet he takes
fiequent occasion to complain of the Senate that
they received the amendment of the House of
Representatives in bad temper. I was here upon
that abasing and mortifying occasion. It was a
painful night. Though subject to like passions
as other men, I desire to be thankful I was not
on that occasion so filled " with anger and indig-
1 nation " I felt humbled by the gioss miscon-
duct of some in this House. I saw things here
that weie wiong and wholly unjustifiable, and if
I felt anger rising in my breast, that feeling was
tempeied, modci it d.end repressed by the high
nndicsponsible obligations of duty to my country.
These obligations had an influence paramount to
passion I was for the fortification bill. I was
for substance and not form. I was not for war
w ith the Senate, but for the defense of the coun-
tiy.
I beg for a moment to consider certain resolu-
tions which aie supposed to materially affect the
present contioveisy. I refer to resolutions fiom
the Committee on Foreign AfTans, reported to
this House on the 27th of Febiuary, four days
only before the close of the session. These were
the war resolutions, the foundation of the three
million appiopuation.
On the 2d day of March, late 111 the day, the
war resolutions of the Committee on Foieign
Afl'aiis weie brought befoie the House, by a
motion of the chanman [Mr C\mbreixng] to dis-
charge theCommittee of theWliole. This motion,
as everybody knows, was made to facilitate and
hasten the adoption of those resolutions. The
vote w as taken by yeas and nays—yeas 104, nays
92. The Administration party were too strong;
we were beaten. How did we vote' Was my
colleague then in favor of passing ícsolutions as
the foundation of war appiopnations' No; he
voted with us. But the committee were dis-
chaiged,and the resolutions were brought before
the House, and the Journal states the House
then proceeded to the consideiation of the said
repoits, viz.: the reports of the majority and the
minority; and the íesolutions recommended by
the committee were read as follows. I here lead
fiom the Journal, page 49G:
' 1 Resohed, That it would he incompatible with the
ri2hts arid honor of the United States lurther to negoti no
111 relation to the treaty entered into bv Trance on the 4th
ot July. 18JI, and that this Hou-e will insist upon its exe-
cution as ratified by both Governments
" 2 Resohed, 1'hat the Committee on Foreign AfTans be
discharged Irom the (uithor eoiMderitionol =0 much of the
President's message as relates to commercial restrictions,
or to reprisals 011 the commerce of Trance
'•3 Resolved, 'Ihat contingent prepiration ought tobe
mid to meet anj emergency growing out of our relations
with Frnnee
" Mr John Qcincy Adams, on the 27th of Febmarv,
ultimo, proposed to amend "aid resolutions, by striking out
alltheieot after the wmd'Resolved,'111 the first resolution,
and inserting the tollewmg
" I Resolved, That the rights of the citizens of the
United States to indemnity from the Government ofTrance,
stipulated by the treaty concluded at Paris on the 4th of
July, li>31, ought, in no event, to be sacrificed, abandoned,
or unpaired, by anv consent or acquiescence of the Gov-
ernment of the Upited Sutes
" 3 Resolved, That if it he, in the opinion of the Presi
dent of the United States, compatible \v ith the honor and
interest of the United Stales, during the interval until the
next session of Congre-s, to rf^umc the negotiations
between the United -Hates and France, he be requested so
to do
" 3 Resoli cd, That no legislative measure of a hostile
character or ti ndencv tov\aid~ the Trench nation is neces-
siry or expedient at this time "
The resolution of my colleague was modified;
the words " at all hazaids" were stricken out to
make it entirely pacific, and leave not the sem-
blance of a tin eat, to hazard nothing, and, so
amended, it passed unanimously. I give the
woids to my colleague:
'• This sentence, fiom which, with the general assent of
the House,the words'at all Inzard*,' had been withdrawn,
was finallv moved bv me, and every member present, two
hundred and seventeen in number, answered, at the call of
his name,' aye "'
The resolution was in these words:
" Resolved, That,in the opinion of this House, the treaty
with Fiance of the 4th of Jul\, 1831, should be maintained,
and its execution insisted on "
As the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam-
breleng] has stated some conversation about this
resolution as a substitute for the resolutions of
the committee, I trust I may be permitted to say
a word in relation to myself. I took no part in
the debate, but if my life had been at stake I
could hardly have felt more interest. The war
resolutions were combated with argument and
spirit. It was on that occasion that my colleague
was said to have made his peace speech, when
he declared he would have dodged the war ques-
tion himself, and he approved the course of the
Senate. I was delighted with it. It was peace,
and not war. But the conflict was severe, and
the House very neaily equally divided, and I
feared war resolutions, by possibility, might
pass; I went acioss the Chamberto see the chair-
