556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January ¡ü/,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Coibrelevg,] I proposed tu him to take the res-
olution of Mr Apims, as amended, which he
afterwards adopted I observed, you may entirely
ful. He asked if my side, or paity, would vote
for it I replied I could answer but for one, I
would vote for it. This resolution was adopted
unanimously But, judge what must be my aston-
ishment when I hear my colleague [Mr. Adams]
say
"He hoped he had «hown tb.it the section miking the
Bppropriition of three million* «as introduced iiotu ih~o-
lute necessitv on the last di\ of the session becnisp it wis
in consequence ot the un lnnnous \ote ot the div precpd
nig N as he now to be told that this and the oiher House
must nit ippropmte mont\ unless by rtcoiiimenditiou
from the Fvecum e ' Win , sir, the i tecum e has told us
now tint thit appropriation wis perfectly in iccordince
with hi  wishes He agun repeated, whv wa* u that the
House must be chirged with mm worship and unconstitu
tionil conspiracy b cause the\ pisstd an ippropriition of
three uiilli >n- tor th« defense ot the countn at i time
w hen imminent dm<vr of wir wis unred as resulting from
that vcrv resolution >vhicn but the night before pissed by
a unanimous vote ' licence, forsooth, that appropiition
had not bei n cillt d f >r bv the Etccumt, and jet because
It w is approved by the Executive "
Does my colleague mean to say that anybody
in the House of Representatives ever pretended
that his harmless, peaceful resolution was the
foundation of a war appropriation ' Does he pre-
tend, after all that passed, that anybody ever
said or thought that " imminent danger of war"
resulted from his peaceful resolution ' Had that
been the fact, had it been so urderstood, would
he, or any man, pretend that a unanimous vote
could have been obtained ' Mr. Speaker, pre-
cisely the reverse was the fact in relation to
myself. I believe it was so as to a majority, if
not all of that House, excepting my colleague.
I am quite sure it was so in reference to those
with whom my colleague acted, called the peace
party, the party opposed to Executive recom-
mendation as to the dispute with France. We
resolved that the treaty of France of the 4th of
July should be maintained, and its execution
insisted upon. How' By war or war measures'
No. By negotiation; by explanation; by giving
France an opportunity to see and feel that her
honor is pledged to fulfill the treaty, and that we
will continue to urge and insist upon its fulfill-
ment
It will be long remembered that my colleague
made a speech in the House of Representatives,
I think on the 7th of February, in reference to
our difficulties with France, and a few days before
the " war resolutions" I have been speaking of
had been presented. That speech was considered
an unjustifiable attack upon the Senate for their
pacific course in relation to France,and was called
a war speech. I was among those fnends who
believed, fiom various circumstances, that my
colleague's views had been, in some measure,
misunderstood, and I so repiesented it heie and
elsewhere. I found difficulty in understanding
the phrase used in his speech, "dodging the
question," as applied to the Senate, in a good
sense, but I had the highest authority for so
understanding it In about one week afterwards
my colleague made a speech in this House called
"a peace speech," in which he approved the
course the Senate had pursued in relation to
France, and said he would " dodge the question
himself." His pacific resolutions were in accord-
ance with his peace speech.
Are we now to be told that " imminent danger
of war was urged as resulting from the resolution
we adopted, and that the adoption of that resolu-
tion was good and sufficient cause for the three
million appropnation'" I heaid no such argu-
ment then. My colleague's various speeches and
resolutions in relation to our dispute with Fiance
seems so contradictory that I leave to his own
genius and learning the labor of showing his con-
sistency. I affiim, if the resolution contemplated
war, oi preparation for war, it was to the House
of Representatives war in disguise And, again,
my colleague says, referring to said third resolu-
tion:
'• The resolution wis laid on the table at the motion of
the chiirman of thp committee who had reported it, and
who then, in my heanns, and in the hearing of ill in the
House who chose to hear him, gave notice that he should,
in its stead, move an additional appropriation in the forlifi
cation bill then before the House Whether he named the
sum of three millions as that which he should propose or
not, I do not recollect He had openly spoken in the House
before as contemplitmg a larger sum Considering the
contingent and possible danger agunn which it was to pro-
vide, 1 thought the sum certainly not too large  '
I believe it, because my colleague savs so, and
because the gentleman from New Yoik declared
it in his speech a few minutes ago What was
the mighty import of such a declaration, made
by a disappointed chauman, defeated in his pro-
jects, and by the efficient aid of my colli ague, too'
He and his friends were defeated and disappoint-
ed Peace prevailed over war But the gentle-
man from New Yoik threatened, as he íetieated,
to ask for additional appropriations, &c , and this
happened on the evening of the 2d of March, and
that was notice of the three millions I purposely,
on this occasion, avoid going into a consideration
of the value and importance of prepaiation for
defense in time of peace. It does not appertain
to this debate, but those who are now accused of
neglect have steadily pursued that policy to a
reasonable extent, and by so doing hav e subjected
themselves to the reproaches of their present ac-
cusers.
But my colleague quotes the third resolution
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs as follows:
"Rcsoh ed, That contingent preparation ought to be made
to meet any emergency growing out of our relations with
France "
" This was the resolution intended to sustain at once the
spirit of the President'  recommendations and the sincerity
ot the resolution just adopted by the House "                   )
I perfectly concur with him that the above
resolution was intended to sustain the resolutions
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; but be it
remembered those resolutions weie virtually re-
jected, and my colleague's peace resolution sub-
stituted. I deny that the three million appropri-
ation ever was intended to sustain the sincerity
of the resolution adopted.    Never, never.
I again refer to the resolutions I have read—
Foreign Affairs and my colleague's substitute:
Mr,
Third resolution of Foreign
Affairs
•'Resohed, That contingent
preparation ought to be made
to meet any emergencygrow-
ing out of our relations with
France "
Mams's suhstitute for
third resolution
"Resolved, That no legis
lative measure of a hostile
character or tendency to
wards the French nation is
necessary or expedient at
this time "
According to my recollection the speeches
were more at variance, if possible, than the reso-
lutions themselves.
Let us for a moment examine the defense of
those who professed to have constitutional scru-
ple  as to the time of the termination of Congress;
and here I read my colleague's argument, as fol-
lows:
" He was not one of those who believed that the session
ended at midnight. In his opinion, the two years' duration
of Congress wis fiom the tune of day at which the House
commc need its session—say the hour of noon on the 4th
of March He believed that to be the true construction of
the constitutional term of two veirs , but it was a consti-
tutional question, and it was not for him to judges! the
motives of men who conscientiously bel eved that the
period of their political existence had expired W hen the
Cumberlind road bill pissed, the question was taken by
>( as and navs, and the vote was 94 to 80, miking one hun-
dred ind seventy tour votes Here was a quorum voting,
which showed that the House,at twelve o'clock, was doing
business ; but m ten minutes after that no quorum could
be luund, not in consequence ot there not being members
present but in consequence of their conscientious scruples
He recollected the instance of a gentleman irom Georgia,
[Mr Gilmer,] a mm as conscientious and as intelligent as
I an v member of that or the present House, who, upon being
called, refused to answer, and gave as his reason that he
| was no longer a representative of the people, and imme-
diately after the vote was taken went out of the House at
tint door, and never returned     It was not, therefore, the
i want of a sufficient number of members present, but from
the conscientious conviction of so large a number of the
members as reduced the remainder to less than a quorum,
that they had no right to vote on anything in the House.
I After that took place, the committee of conference re
turned to the House, but no report was made , and what
was the reason >   Because there was no House    The roll
was called, and no quorum was to be found
" He said he did not considerthat the constitutional term
of two years, assigned to the members of the House of
Representitives, and the term of four years, during which
the President ot the United States holds his office, com-
mence or expire at midnight The services of two and of
four yeare commenced running from the time when the
members of the first Congress issembled to commence the
opentions of this Government, under the Constitution of
I the United ¡states, which was on the 4th of March, 17t*9
J at noon The two years from that t me expired, not on the
3d of March, 1791, at midnight, but on the 4th of March,
I at noon.   The expiration of a year is not from noon to
midnight, but from noon to noon It is «o astronomically
by the law ot mture The turn at which i day shill cum'
menee and term mite is a matter altogether arbitrary and
convention ll     Some nitions have, in their civil computa
tion, commenced the da\ at sunn«e, and some it sunset__
some it midnight, ind some it noon     Asttononxrs and
nuigitors alvv us reckon the d iv Irom noon to noon, and
why  should not the constitutional com^utition of time
follow the « une Inv winch is the liw ot mtuie   The prm
ciple onci   estilihshed could be attended with un sort of
mcomeniencp whereis the computition from noon to mid-
night must be subject one e even two years to a solution of
continuity for twelve hours, bv the non existence of a
House of Representitives, ind onc< in every lour ji ars io
an interregnum or vacincy in the office of President ot the
United States   Emergencies might eisilybi  foieseen  per
haps even precontrivtd, in wlneh either of these events
would be attended with very great public inconvenience
Monirclueal Governments are nlvva\s guirdtd with the
utmost possible care agnn^t every solution of continuity
Their kings never die   Jt would be a radicil defect in every
Republican Government not to be invested with the same
official inunorialitv, the office always filled, however fre-
quently the individual incumbent miy be ch mged    It was
therefore, my opinion that the House might have sat trans
acting business till noon on the 4th of M irch, and accord
inglv, my name will be found and recorded on every taking
of thejeas and nays until the adjournment, after it was
announced tint the Señale had adjourned
" Mr A said thai was Ins opinion then,and he had then
expressed it to the House, but it was not the opinion of a
large number of members of the House The members
were in the House ready to vote, but in their opinion the
time hid passed Now, whatever was doing at that time
in the House might have been known to every member of
the Senate,if thevhad seen fit to make the inquiry. Jt was
perfectly known that after that time no quorum of the House
could be found No vote was taken. The House was de
facto deid "
I will only add, that the usage and construc-
tion as to the time of the expiration of office, I
believe, have been uniform; that it has happened
very frequently, I know, that Congress have been
in session hours after twelve o'clock, the 3d of
March, and at the expiration of their respective
terms of office—so of all our Presidents. General
Washington, as I have been informed andbelie\e,
at the expiration of his first term of four years,
arose, after he had been in bed, at two o'clock in
the morning of the 4th of March,and signed many
bills, which, in consequence of his signing, became
laws, affecting life and property. Have we not all
heaid of the midnight judges, &c , of the elder
Adams' Mr Jefferson did the same. Mr. Madi-
son, Mr. Monroe, and my colleague himself, un-
less I greatly misremember, imitated the example
of all his predecessors. Who ever seriously called
it in question, until the 3d of March, 1835, when
the appropriation for fortifications was before us,
and the three millions could not pass the Senate '
Yet, after presenting the above unanswerable
argument in defense of himself as well as others,
my colleague is at no loss to find a perfect apology
for those who violated the Constitution and duty,
and defeated the bill. My colleague says, after
the return of the committee of conference, " theie
was no House—not for want of numbers;" the
roll was called, and no quorum. Why' Because
a member refused to answer. He states, " a large
number were ready to vote, but the time had
passed, and it might have been known to every
member of the Senate, if they had seen fit to make
the inquiiy." Again: " the House was de facto
dead." But my colleague has himself shown,
conclusively, that it was not dead dejwe. It was
rightfully and constitutionally alive, and the Sen-
ate were bound so to consider it, and govern
themselves accordingly. They did so act; and
then notice and attention to the House, after they
chose to consider themselves dead, though pres-
ent and noisy, seems to have incurred the pecu-
liar displeasure of my colleague and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] who
has just resumed his seat.
But Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia, refused to vote on
account of conscientious scruples. His case, I
believe, has been named by every speaker on
this subject. I knew Mr. Gilmer in this House
for a number of years. I believe he is a pure,
honest, and honorable man. He entertained, we
thought, many singular opinions of the Consti-
tution, and he widely differed from us in its con-
struction. Mr. Gilmer had scruples, and what
did he do' Arose, declined acting, and left the
House, and has never since returned. The very
praise and commendation bestowed on Mr. Gil-
mer is censure to those who entertained the same
doubts, and yet remained here to vote, or not to
vote, as circumstances made the Constitution
more or less dear in their estimation.   But Mr.
