558
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Captors of the Frigate Philadelphia—Mr. Robbins.
Senate.
know and express the will of the Executive. It
was not in accordance with the will of the Exec-
utive, and that was well understood by the chair-
man by the remark of the Secretary of State, if
he heard nothing more, and he and others who
acted with him seemed most suddenly to lose all
interest in the bill. It was determined that the
bill, as finally agreed upon by the committee of
conference, should not pass the House. That, as
the Senate refused to agree to the " three million
amendment" proposed by the House, the loss of
the whole bill, including ordinary appropriations
for fortifications, should be charged to that body.
This decision came with a weight and energy not
to be withstood. The House would not pass a
bill the provisions of which the President s first-
Secretary had just pronounced pitiful. Then came
the last scene—" delay, constitutional scruples,
refusal to vote, threats against the Senate," &c,
&c; and so perished the fortification bill in the
House of Representatives.
As soon as this debate shall have been closed,
I hope and trust others who were present will not
fail to express their opinions. I am desirous of
attending to the appropriation bills and other im-
portant business before the House. I trust some
good may result from the evil of which there is
so loud complaint; that we may not hereafter neg-
lect the important business under our charge to
the last few disputed hours of the session, when
there may be neither time nor means to perform
such duties with fidelity and sound discretion;
when it may be in the power of a few, even a
single individual>to defeat the most important
measure.
I have always considered the fortification bill,
with the three million amendment proposed, as a
subject of vast importance, as involving more or
less the question of peace or war—a question of
vital importance to those whom I have the honor
to represent. Since the President in his annual
message to Congress has seen fit to complain of
the loss of that bill; since the Administration
presses and Administration men reiterate the com-
plaint; since my colleague has seen fit to bring
the subject before this House by a resolution and
speech, I have felt bound to vindicate my own
conduct and the conduct of those with whom I
had the honor to agree and act, and present the
case to this House and the people, and especially
to my constituents, to whom, without distinction
of party, I am under obligations I shall never be
able to cancel. I feel and acknowledge the weight
of those obligations, and I trust, when my con-
duct shall be understood, their justice and candor
will acquit me of negligence or want of fidelity
in the discharge of my duty.
ADMISSION OP MICHIGAN.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN DAVIS,
OF   MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, March 30, 1836,
On the bill for the admission of the Territory of Michigan
into the Union, and the amendment thereto proposed by
Mr. Wright, of New York.
Mr. DAVIS said, in substance, the Senate is
now agreed in one thing, and that is that this
bill, which proposes to admit Michigan into the
Union with the new boundaries assigned to her
by it upon her assent to the same by her Legis-
lature, ought not to pass without amendment; for
all now agree that such an assent, to be valid,
must come from the people. It is therefore pro-
posed to amend the bill so as to require such
assent by a convention of delegates elected for
that sole purpose.
It is now evening, and the Senate fatigued, and
he feared the destiny of the measure, in its pres-
ent form, was too certain. He could not, how-
ever, give his final vote without an attempt to put
the bill into a shape better suited to the policy
of the United States and to the interests of the
Territory. There is an admitted necessity for a
convention. Those who are anxious to hurry
the measure to its end allow it, because, in the
first place, a portion of the population which is
embraced by the boundaries contained in the
constitution made by the convention of Michi-
fan, is now assigned by us to Ohio and Indiana.
f these people voted for delegates, or aided in li
making this constitution, then it is not a consti-
tution made by Michigan alone, nor can we know
what the result would have been if Michigan
alone had acted on the question; it might have
been different. It is the collected judgment of
Michigan alone that we look for. In the second
place, we have added a territory west of the lake
equal to one half of the territory embraced by
the constitution, making the State one third at
least larger than the constitution makes it. The
inhabitants on this territory were not represented
in the convention, and had no voice in making
the constitution. They are doubtless few in
number, but we know not what their counsels
and strength might have accomplished, and it is
very clear they ought to be heard. In a word,
we have assigned new boundaries, by which we
have excluded some territory and added a large
tract of country. Nothing can be plainer than
that a State cannot, by its Legislature, diminish
or enlarge its territory. The Legislature of
Michigan cannot, therefore, settle this question.
Hence the necessity of so amending the bill as to
submit the matter to a convention of the people
residing within the new boundaries, whether they
will assent to these boundaries, and make their
constitution conform to them.
I am rejoiced to find on this point great unanim-
ity, and that the thought of forcing a State into
the Union by an assent of a legislative body to
its boundaries is abandoned. But the mover pro-
poses that the convention shall be called for this
sole purpose, meaning, doubtless, that if the peo-
ple of Michigan should alter their constitution in
any other respect, they shall not be admitted into
the Union. I am, sir, for striking out this limi-
tation, and leaving the whole matter to the dis-
cretion of the people. There is an obvious impro-
priety in restraining their action; it implies a
distrust—a want of confidence, which I, for one,
do not feel. If they are content with the instru-
ment as it is, so be it; if, on the other hand, they
think it expedient to modify, why tie them down
to this single alteration? I do not like the mode
In which Michigan has conducted this business.
She has assumed rights that all agree are not well
founded, and the consequence is that she stands
in an embarrassing posture. She claimed to be a
State before she could be one. She has acted as
such without authority. She has elected Sena-
tors, when our Constitution provides that they
shall be elected by the Legislature of the States,
and by no other authority. She had no such
Legislature. She has elected a Representative,
when the Constitution of the United States allows
none but the people of States to elect Representa-
tives, and none to vote for such a person except
those who are qualified to vote for the most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislature. If she claim
rights under this Constitution, as she does when
she claims to be represented here, then she must
be not only a State, but one of the States of this
Union, over which the Constitution spreads itself;
but we all agree she is not, or we should not be
making provisions by law for her admission.
This shows that her proceedings need revising.
There is not only propriety in it, but a clear ne-
cessity for it. I am therefore for striking out so
much of the amendment as confines the action of
the proposed convention to the boundaries alone,
and leaving the whole matter to her deliberate
judgment, to be disposed of as the people in their
wisdom shall deem expedient. She will have
ample time to modify her constitution, and to
prepare for and participate in the coming presi-
dential election. She will be here ready for ad-
mission at the coming term of Congress; and if
there be objections to that, as postponing the day
too far, then, under the peculiar circumstances
which exist, let her, upon agreeing to the bound-
aries, come in at once. I will extend to her my
confidence, and trust her to make such amend-
ments as she may deem necessary. In doing this
we hazard no more than occurs almost every
year, for States amend, alter, and modify their
constitutions at pleasure; and if you deny her the
right now, she will do it if she please as soon as
you have admitted her. I do not like the prece-
dent; but as things are, I have no difficulty in
giving her my confidence by anticipation, for I
am anxious she should become one oí the family
as soon aa she can with any propriety.
If this amendment succeed, then several others
will be equally necessary, for we cannot legislate
Senators and Representatives into their seats un-
less they are constitutionally elected. Instead,
therefore, of providing, as this bill does, for the'
admission of certain persons said now to he
elected to seats in the two Houses, it should pro-
vide, if any provision is necessary, that Michigan
shall have simply the right of representation tr
both branches of Congress. The inquiry her
been put by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Southard,] t,and I have heard no one answer it,*
How can you, by law,assign seats to these indi-
viduals? The Constitution forbids this course,
because it says we shall pursue another. It de-
clares that each House shall be the exclusiva
judge of the election of its members. This right
cannot be superseded by a statute, for joint action
is substantially forbidden.
But there is a greater difficulty than this. Thera
can be no State Legislature without a State, and
no Senators without a Legislature. There can bo
no Representative unless elected by the people of
a State qualified to vote for representatives to the
most numerous branch of its Legislature. How,
then, can the Legislature of a Territory make
Senators, or the people of a Territory make a
Representative ? And can we by a law supersede
the Constitution ? Can we make a law that Wis-
consin shall have Representatives and Senators
here? We cannot, because the Constitution for-
bids it. If they elect them, and send them here,
can we by law receive them ? Is not this just
what this bill proposes to do? Michigan is ad-
mitted to be only a Territory. I entreat the Senate
to leave the whole matter open to the people of
Michigan, and to leave it open in the most favor-
able way to secure to them all their rights and
privileges, both in this body and in the coming
elections. Let them present persons here who
come in according to the Constitution. Do not
tie her hands, and thus force yourselves to receive
men who are not elected by a State, but by a
Territory.
If these amendments cannot be made, I cannot
vote for the bill, though I shall vote against it
with great reluctance, for I sincerely desire her
admission.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
REMARKS OF HON. A. ROBBINS,
OF RHODE ISLAND,
In Senate, May 31, 1836,
On the bill to compensate the Recaptors of the Frigata
Philadelphia.
Mr. ROBBINS said: This bill is a bill to com-
pensate the recaptors of the frigate Philadelphia,
after her capture by the barbarians of Tripoli,
and while she was, and after she had long been,
in their secure possession, in their own harbor,
and under the guns of their own fort, and where
she was kept fully manned and armed as their
pride as well as defense, and where she was a
monument at once for barbarian triumph and for
American humiliation. This protecting fort was
armed with more than a hundred guns and backed,
it was said, by an army in camp of twenty thou-
sand men. The banks of this harbor were lined
with land batteries throughout, and armed also
with more than a hundred guns, and its water*
were guarded by a thousand seamen. Still this"
little gallant band, the recaptors, at the dead of
night, with Decatur at their head, made their way
to this frigate, boarded her, cut down every bar-
barian on board, or drove him over her side into
the water; then, and in obedience to orders to set
fire to her in different parts, burnt her down to the 
water'sedge, and then made their retreat in safety 
and all this in the face and fire of the artillery of
that fort and of those land batteries. Thus, in
flames, was extinguished this monument of our
disgrace, and our own frigate was no longer iff
be employed as a pirate in piracies on our own
commerce in those seas. This astonishing feat
struck a terror into all the Powers on the Barbary
coast, and they humbled themselves to their fears
of a people capable of such daring exploits.
They were soon after brought to sue for a peace,
to release our captive citizens without ransom;
