1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
'24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ohio and Michigan—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
in a word, to suffer us to dictate to them the [
terms of peace. From that moment, ever after,
down to the present time, our commerce, before
so vexed and harassed and plundered, has been
sife to our merchants in those seas Such were
the tiuits of that bold and successtul enterprise.
In every instance, save thit>, the captuie and
destruction of an enemy's -\e¡>sel-of-war, or the
recapture of our own vessel-of-war from the en-
emy, has been compensated to the captors by
Congress. To the íeport in this case there is
appended a complete list of all those cases, and of
the compensation made to each, fully attesting
this fact. This case stands a solitary exception.
Though the first in the order of time, though
in brilliant and consequential merits the first, it
remains the last and alone to be compensated
The subject has frequently been btfore Congress,
and in no instance have ever the propriety and the
juiv of making compensation,and to the amount
of this bill, been made a question; but a difference
of opinion as to the scale of distribution has been
ihe difficulty, and has fiustrated every bill for
compensation heretofore reported. To obviate
the objections growing out of this difference of
opinion, the committee have now reported the
bill with a scale of distribution corresponding to
the pay of the officers and seamen of the Navy,
according to the pay bill adopted at the last ses-
sion of Congress This, we think, will do justice
and give satisfaction. The parties interested all,
as *e understand and believe, will be content
with this scale As the same bill has now been
reported to both Houses, the committee indulge
the hope that no difficulties of form will longer
impede this act of national justice. But one word
further, with the indulgence of the Senate, as to
the meiits of this case.
Let it be recollected that this daring enterprise
was out of the routing of the regular naval ser-
vice, it was, indeed, permitted, but not directed,
bv the commanding officer on that station; it was
wholly a volunteer enterprise. It was originally
s íggested by the gallant and ever to be lamented
Decatur, then a lieutenant, and but a youth, as it
were He saw that the thing was practicable to
spirits daring like his own, and that the achieve-
ment, though full of danger, would be full of
honor He saw the brilliant page it would make
in history, but he did not foresee that it would
be but the title-page to that volume of brilliant
exploits which subsequently were to illustrate
our naval annals, of which this was to be the
precursor and animating model He soon collected
his volunteer band of congenial spirits, all young
like himself, and, like him, burning with a thirst
for distinction. Confiding in themselves, they
went to the enterprise confident of success, and
did realize what to colder minds would seem but
the dream of romance. It is pleasing to note the
number of our naval heroes, who afterwards so
much distinguished themselves in our naval
battles, who gave their juvenile and first proofs
of heroism in this heroic enterprise
It is not easy to estimate the value to a coun-
try of a sublime achievement in any line of merit
by any of her own sons, as an example to enkm-
díe the spirit of emulation in others to rival, and
of ambition to surpass it; nor is it wise in any
Government to be penurious or over-frugal in
awarding remuneration for such value, for it is
the sublime m achievement only that has this
desirable, this almost magical influence in exam-
ple—that sublimity which the voice of fame gives
to immortality Man born to immortality in
another life aspires to it in this. But over all
that is vulgar in men and things and human af-
fairs, he sees time roll his oblivious wave, and
that nothing but the sublime in human virtue and
human achievement stands secure and aloft above
his devouring flood, and never to be affected by
it These achievements he admires; and emulat-
ing these, he treads the arduous paths that lead to
the same glorious heights. But it is the home
sxample that has most of this marvelous effect.
Who that dwells upon the great example near to
him in time and place, and in a congenial pursuit,
but has felt himself animated and carried even
beyond himself in his efforts on the self-inquiry,
" Why should I not do what my fellow has
done' and why should my equal outstrip and
leave me behind in the race of glory'''   Hence it
happens that one sublime achievement, by its
animating influt nee, begets another, and another,
and another, till they cluster into a constellation.
Hence, too, it happens that these constellations
break upon the world but peuodically. The
brilliant eras which mark the history of all na-
tions who have greatly distinguished themselves
are to be traced to the operation and force of
this principle—the magical influence of great
example by compatuots on compatriots.
Who can doubt, then, but that the constella-
tion of naval victories which adorns our naval
annals, in our late war with Great Britain, sprung
fiom the spirit of emulation kindled by the brilliant
exploit achieved in the capture and destruction
of the frigate Philadelphia' That was the original
spark which, spreadingand kindling as it spread,
afterwards broke out into such a blaze of naval
glory as to be seen over the earth, and under the
whole heavens, commencing with the attack and
sudden destruction of the Gurnere on the ocean,
(the thunder is scarcely more sudden on the
lightning's flash than was that destruction upon
that attack,) and closing with the brilliant though
bloody triumphs of our fleets on the lakes.
The glorious achievement of the recapture and
destruction of the frigate Philadelphia, the pre-
cursor and progenitor of so many others, remains
alone of them all, and the only one not yet re-
quited by the justice of our country. Shall this
cold neglect still be continued to maik her insensi-
bility to such illustrious merit' Your votes must
determine.
OHIO AND MICHIGAN.
SPEECH OF HON. H. EVERETT,
OF VERMONT,
In the House op Representatives,
June 9, 1836.
Delivered in the Committee of the Whole, on the bill for
esubh-hing the Northern Boundarv of Ohio, and for the
Admis-ion of Michigan into the Union as a State
Mr. EVERETT made his acknowledgments
to the committee for according to him last even-
ing a delay till this morning. He had been in
his seat during a session of eight hours, and was
too much exhausted to proceed, he acknowledged
it as a personal favor, and in íetuin would en-
deavor to consume as little of their time as pos-
sible. He said that one object which he had in
addressing the House was to exclude conclusions
that might be drawn from the íeports of the com-
mittees of both Houses, which assei ted, or took it
for gianted, that Congress had no power to form
more than two States north of the lake line. For
one, he claimed the power for Congress to form
in that Territory as many States as the conve-
nience of its inhabitants might require.
Mr. E said he would place the committee in
possession of an analysis of the opinions he had
formed, to enable them more easily to accompany
him as he proceeded The objections to the bill
for the admission of Michigan into the Union,
arise from its assumed boundaries, and from its
constitution, and from the provisions of the bill.
I. From its assumed boundaries.
1.   That, under the ordinance of 1787, Congress
is restricted to the line drawn due east through
the southerly bend of Lake Michigan, (the lake
line,) as the south line and boundary of the one
or two States that it was authorized to form in
the Territory north of that line.
This will be examined as a question of con-
struction, and also of intention.
2.  That Michigan has no right to demand ad-
mission into the Union until formed into a State
by Congress, according to the power reserved in
P the ordinance, and that no act of Congress was
necessary to form a constitution, preliminary to
, her admission into the Union.
11     3. Congress has no right to demand of Mich-
igan a relinquishment of her ordinance boundary
| as a condition of her admission.
II It will then be insisted—
1. That the United States do not hold the sov-
ereignty of that Terutory dnectly under the ces-
sions of the original States, but under the cessions
of the three States formed by the fifth article of
the ordinance; under which Congress has the
Eower to form States at pleasure, with such
oundanes as shall be deemed proper, independ-
ent of all the restrictions (of boundaues) of the
ordinance.
2. That it is therefere improper to ask the
assent of Michigan to any boundary that Con-
gress may think proper to presenbe.
III. Objections to the constitution of Michi-
gan.
1.  It was formed by a convention elected in
part by foreigners
2   It naturalizes foreigners.
IV   Objections to the bill.
1 It authorizes a convention, to be elected
under the constitution of Michigan, to ratify its
boundaries.
2.   It provides that the Representative and
Senators already elected under their constitution
shall be entitled to seats in Congress.
I   In relation to the question of boundary.
1 I contend that, under the ordinance, Con-
gress had no power to make any line other than
the lake line the boundary between the three
States formed, and the one or two States that
might be formed, under the fifth article.
The fifth article is as follows:
" Art 5 There «hall be formed, in the said Territory, not
less than three, noc more than five States; and the bound
aries of the btates, a  soon as Virginia shall alter her act of
cession, and consent to the same, shall become hxed and
established as follows, to wit The western State in the
said Terntorv shall be bounded by the Mississippi, the
Ohio, and Wabash rivers, a direct line drawn from the
Wabash and Post Vincents, due north, to the territorial
line between the United States and Canada, and, by the
siid territorial line, to the Lake of the Woods and Missis
sippi The middle State shall be bounded by the said direct
line, the Wabash, from Po-t Vincents to the Ohio, bv the
Ohio, by a direct line drawn due north from the mouth of
the Great Miami to the said territorial line, and by the said
territorial line The eastern State shall be bounded by the
list mentioned direct line, the Ohio, Pennsylvania and the
said territorial line Piovuled, Kouever, and it is further
understood and declared, That the boundaries ot these
three States shall be subject so far to be altered that, if
Congress shall hereafter find it expedient, they shall have
authority to form one or two States in that part of the said
Territory which lies north of an east and west lino dr-iwn
through the southerly bend of Lake Michigan And when-
ever any of the said States shall have sixty thousand fu e
I inhabitants therein, such State shall be admitted, bj us
Delegates, into the Congress of the United States, on an
I equal looting W'th the ordinal States, in all respects what
ever, and shall be at liberty lo 'orm a permanent constitu
I tion and Stati government, provided the constitution and
government so to be formed shall be republican, and in
conformitv to the principles contained in these articles;
and, so far as it can be consistent with the general interest
of the Confederacy, such admission shall be allowed at an
earlier period, and when there may be a less number of
free inhabitants in a State than sixty thousand "
As a question of construction:
The ordinance establishes the entire boundaries
of thiee States No general power was reserved
to Congiess to alter these boundaries. The only
power reserved was, that Congress might alter
them by doing a certain act prescribed in the or-
dinance, viz by forming one or two States in the
Terntoiy north of the lake line. It thus defines
the line by which the boundary of the three States
might be altered, and the act by which it could
be done. It is manifest that the object was not
that the line should be fixed with the view to the
extent of territory, but with a view to certainly.
Had extent of territory been the object, it would
have been easily effected by adopting a line of
latitude as the boundary, as it will be seen Wd3
adopted in the prior ordinance. For the purpose,
then, of making the division line cei tain, the lake
line was adopted as one that could, in all time, be
, rendered ceitain.
' An argument has been attempted to be drawn
from a cnticism on the woid " in," as used in
the fifth article. It is proper, however, to say
that it was not relied on in the report of the com-
mittee of the House It has been said ekewheie
that—
" 1 he territory of Ohio was within the eastern State
Congiess,then, had power to extend Ohio to the teintonal
or Canada line , n iy,the ordinance provided that it should
be so extended, unless Congress should find it expedient to
alter this provision Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio were all
thus laid out by the ordinance as States to extend to the
territorial line, but it wis also providt d tint Consre-s
mi¿ht Hy out one or two States ' in' (not as the ordimnce
has sometimes been misquoted 'out of) that pirt of the
territory north ot the east and west line referrpd to
" A power to form one ' or two States in a territory ' is
not to be restricted, without the gro e tvoknee to nil the
rules ot construction, to a mere power to fonn one or two
States out ol that Territory.   The latter is a power only to
