560
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
24th Coks.... 1st Sess.
Ohio and Michigan—Mr. liverett.
Ho. of Reps.
divide the whole Territory into two States, or form one of it !
all: the former is a power to select any portion of that Ter- !
ritory for the purpose of forming one or two ¡?tntes, and
then of either assigning the whole so selected to one State
or dividing it between two. The power here given to as-
sign all the country north of the.east and west line to three
States primarily designated in the ordinance, embraces the
power to assign any part of it to them, and it is evident that
Congress has always so understood it."
Unfortunately for this argument, it is refuted
by the terms of the article itself, as well as by
the general object of the article. The fifth article
commences with the words " there shall be formed
in the said Territory not less than three nor more
than five States." Would it have been a fair
execution of this provision to have formed the
five States " out of " one half of the Territory?
What would be the condition of the country ex-
cluded ? The object of the ordinance was to make
disposal of the whole Territory. It is entitled
" An ordinance for the government of the terri-
tory of the United States northwest of the river
Ohio." Its provisions extended to the whole
territory. The preamble to the five articles of
compact is as follows:
" And for extending the fundamental principles of civil
and religious liberty," &c; "to fix and establish those
principles as the basis of all laws, constitutions, and gov-
ernments which forever hereafter shall be fonned in the
said Territory; to provide also for the establishment of
States, and permanent government therein, and for their
admission to a share in the Federal counties on an equal
footing with the original States, at as early periods as may
be consistent with the general interest: It is hereby or-
dained and declared, by the authority aforesaid, that the
following articles shall he considered as articles of compact
between the original States and the people and States in
the said Territory, and forever remain unalterable, unless
by common consent."
There is, then, no foundation for the construc-
tion that would limit the term in to a part either
in relation to the whole Territory or to the part!
north of the east and west dividing line.                I
As a question of intention:                                 |
This resolution relates to the intention of the
parties to the condition of the cession of Virginia,
and as between them it may be proper to have
reference to the intention of the parties as a fact.
To ascertain the fact of intention, it will be neces-
sary to have reference to the previous acts of the
parties, from which it will be evident that it was
the fixed purpose of Virginia to make the bound-
aries of the States certain, and that that pro-
posed was adhered to, except as to the line that
should divide from each other the two States that
might be formed north of the lake line; and that
if only one State was formed north of that line,
then its boundaries were rendered certain. Why
make any division, if not certain ? It should be
borne in mind, during this investigation, that the
•bject of the parties was simply to divide the ter-
ritory of the United States into States. Neither
party had the acquisition of territory in view.
On referring to the Journals and documents of the
Congress of the Confederation, but little doubt
will remain that the intention of the parties will
be found to agree with the construction of the
ordinance.
At the close of the war of the Revolution, the
territory northwest of the Ohio was claimed prin-
cipally by New York and Virginia: other western
lands were claimed by other States. The other
States insisted that it was acquired by the blood
and treasure of all the States, and ought to be
disposed of for the benefit of all.
On the 6th September, 1780, Congress passed
a resolve recommending to the several States that
had claims to such lands to cede them to the
United States.
Congress, by a resolution of the 10th October,
1780, resolved that the lands so to be ceded should
be disposed of for the common benefit of the
United States, formed into republican States,
and which should become members of the Fed-
eral Union; that the extent of each should not be
less than one hundred, nor more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles square, or as near thereto as
circumstances would admit.
On the 2d January, 1781, Virginia passed an
act to cede the western territory to the United
States, on the condition that it should be laid out
and formed into States according to the terms of
the resolution of 10th October, 1780. Other con-
ditions were also annexed.
On the 3d November, 1781, a committee of
Congress reported against accepting the cession
of Virginia.
A similar report was made on the 10th April,
1782; >'n consequence of which the cession of
Virginia was not accepted, and thus this cession
was rendered ineffectual.   (See Appendix.)
Though Virginia may have had no right to the
territory northwest of the Ohio, yet we accepted
her grant, with certain conditions, and which
were subsequently recognized by Congress as
binding.
Resolution of 1786 states that unless Virginia
assented, the States must be restricted as to their
extent by the condition.
The ordinance of 1787 recognizes the assent of
Virginia as necessary.
On the 13th September, 1783, Congress passed
an act stipulating the terms on which the cessions
would be accepted, embracing, among others,
the terms of the resolve of 1780 as the basis for
the subsequent division of the ceded territory into
States.
On the 20th October, 1783, Virginia, by an act,
authorized her Delegates in Congress to execute
a cession of the western territory on the terms
stipulated in the act of 13th September, 1783.
On the------, 1784, the subject of the division
of the western territory into States, according to
the resolve of 1780, and the act of 1783, was com-
mitted to a committee consisting of Messrs. Jef-
ferson of Virginia, Chase of Maryland, and How-
ell of Rhode Island.
On the 1st March, 1784, Mr. Jefferson, from the
committee reported a resolution to lay out the
western territory into two ranges of States, divided
by the meridian of the foot of the rapids of the
Ohio, (84° 45',) and bounded west by the Mis-
sissippi and east by the meridian of the mouth
of the Great Kanawha, (81°,) and each State,
commencing from the completion of latitude 31°,
and going from south to north, to contain two
degrees of latitude; providing, however, that all
I north of 47° should belong to the State next be-
low it; and that the States between the parallels
of 45° and 430 should be divided by Lake Mich-
igan; and that the eastern State should include
the whole peninsula north of 310; and also that
the territory east of the east meridian, and be-
tween Lake Erie, the Pennsylvania line, and the
Ohio river, should constitute a State; thus laying
out ten States (to which names were given) north
of latitude 370, including, however, in the ninth
State, the point of land at the confluence of the
Ohio with the Mississippi river, below 37°.
1     Cotemporaneous with this report, on the same
j 1st March, 1784, the Delegates of Virginia, in
i pursuance of the authority given by the act of
their State of 20th October, 1783, executed to the
United States a cession of the western territory.
On the 23d of April, 1784, Congress passed an
ordinance laying out and dividing the western
¡ territory into States, on the general basis of the
report of the committee, with this alteration: that
all above 43° was to constitute two States, to be
divided by the dividing meridian of the falls of
the Ohio; and that where the Ohio river nearly
coincided with latitude 39°, it should be the
boundary instead of that latitude. This act re-
ceived the votes of the delegation of Virginia, was
cotemporaneous with her act of cession, and is
to be considered as an execution of the condition
of the cession of Virginia.
By the above resolution the condition of the
grant of Virginia was recognized.
At this time, however, no sales had been made,
and it waa, therefore, competent for the original
parties to the cession to change its conditions,
and, until sales were made, for Congress to repeal
the ordinance.
On the 7th of July, 1786, a resolution was
moved in Congress recommending to the Legis-
lature of Virginia to revise the act of cession, so
far as to empower Congress to divide the terri-
tory into not more than five, nor less than three
States. The power proposed to be asked was
general, without any restriction as to extent or
boundaries.
The Delegates from Virginia moved, as a sub-
stitute, to recommend to Virginia and Massachu-
setts so to alter their acts of cession as that the
States in the western territory might be bounded
as follows: There should be three States between
the Ohio and a line running due east from the
Mississippi to the eastern boundary of thp United
States, so as to touch the most southern part of
Lake Michigan, and two States north of that line;
the States south were to be divided by the same
division lines that were afterwards adopted in the
ordinance of 1797; and the States north were to
be divided by Lake Michigan. This left no dis-
cretion or power in Congress as to extent or
boundaries.
The substitute was rejected, and the original
resolution adopted with some immaterial amend-
ments.
The report of the committee of the House, (No.
380,) after stating the object of the substitute,
contains the following admission, which it seems
to me is a surrender of the argument:
" Here, then, we have displayed distinctly the wishes of
the representatives of one of the parties to the ordinance.
If they had been acceded to by the other party to that com-
pact, the east and west line, drawn through the southerly
bend of Lake Michigan, would have been made a perma-
nent and immovable boundary of the three States on the
Ohio, and the same line with Lakes Michigan, Huron, and
the Straits of Michilimackinac, would have been fixed
boundaries for a State to be formed in the peninsula which
tliey surround."
The admission is, that if the substitute had
been accepted, that is, if the ordinance had estab-
lished the five States, with boundaries therein
mentioned, and, in addition thereto, had said that
the center of Lake Michigan should be the dividing
line between the two northern States, then the
lake line would have been the immovable boundary
of the three States on the Ohio.
The assent of Virginia not having been given
to the resolution of the 7th July, 1786, Congress,
on the 13th July, 1787, submitted another prop-
osition, based on a compromise between the res-
olution and the substitute, viz: the fifth article
of the ordinance of 1787. The resolution pro-
posed the alternative of three or five States: the
substitute proposed five as the fixed number.
The resolution asked for a discretionary power
to fix the boundaries: the substitute established
the boundaries of all the States—first, by a line
dividing the three southern from the two northern
States, and then by dividing lines between those
of the south and between those of the north. The
ordinance of 1787 provides first for the boundaries
of the three States, subject to alteration, if Con-
gress should deem it expedient; extending them
each from the Ohio to our northern boundary,
and dividing them by the lines of longitude named
in the substitute, leaving no discretionary power
in Congress. If there should be five States, the
ordinance provides that the three southern States
should be divided from the two northern States
by the same east and west line that is mentioned
in the substitute, leaving no discretion in Con-
gress as to this dividing line. The only discre-
tion given in the substitute as to the dividing line
between the two northern States makes Lake
Michigan the dividing line, but the ordinance
leaves it to the discretion of Congress to make
one or two States, and to fix the lake line as
common to both, the ordinance and the substitute
line dividing them.
If the power had been to form only one State
north of the east line, then the admission of the
committee would, in terms, admit the immuta-
bility of the lake line. This one State would
have been as distinctly bounded as the three
southern States; and now out of that territory
thus definitely bounded., two States are to be
formed, and the immutability of the lake line
changed by the discretion given to Congress to
fix the boundary between the two States north
of it.   The report asks:
" If it had been the purpose of the Congress of 1787 ta
make an east and west line, drawn through the southern
extreme of Lake Michigan, a fixed northern boundary for
the three States which were to be formed on the Ohio, and
to form another State in the peninsula of Michigan, ü it to
be believed that they would not have adopted the language
of Mr. Grayson's resolution, which was before them, on
those points, as they had borrowed the language of the
same resolution in describing the boundaries of the three
States, whose eastern, southern, and western boundaries
it was their intention to make immutable?"
It is not the declared purpose of the ordinance
of 1787 to form a State in the peninsula of Mich-
igan, but to form one or two States in the terri-
tory north of the lake line-, and if two States, it
waa left to Congress to fix the dividing line; it
