183C]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
21th Cong....1st Sess.
Ohio and Michigan—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
but o in 3u*i, the bound mes wire already given. ||
It  would LiM   bit ,   tlu n fori, manifestly mi- I
pro¡   i * > lint u^itl Mr C!ri} son's lai ginsre at- '
to tlu ihv il   i_r I ne   lutwten  the  two  noitheia
Sis, wiuii it w is to L    1 it to Conguas to fax
tlu ¡me
\n au:umint is attempted to be drawn from
tht iiJmMs which mdiictd the pissagt of tht
ns-o'utioii ot 17Nt> But the qu s'ion is as to
the iistrtutioi i f tin ctsMou ot Virginia, ns
ínodthnl by In i assin' to the fifth ai tick of tin.
oidinit ci o( 17*^7 Hi i ibiiiit was not given to
the ris ilution, but to tht iiiW proposition con-
tuned in the ordmnnet. It is no' pirmvid how
tht rosohiti mi, oi an\ motion w hitn ltd to it,can
% iry the constitution ot a in w pioposition, m idt
bi .lust tht tot mt ron vv is not ai upt ible. The
nport, how. \tr, assuivns th it bee utse the sub-
s'ltutt of Mi Giij sou was rtjtctid, and tint
substitute established the lnu div iding the tioith-
crnfiomiht soutliirn Stati.tht bime \ure not
tstibhshtd b} the ortlinanci, tht s une aigument
would apnly to all the other 1 nts, ind, in fun,
u is tssumtng thit because Congas , in 17-*G u-
jte'ed a proposition, they could not adopt it in
17S7 Ytt such is the argument. The report
proceed*"
••Manv ot the members of the Congres* of 1787 had
bren members ot the Congress ot 17*6    It is tair to pre
game tney Wuew will tht  reasons which hail influenced
Mr CirnsMi tu make his motion  anti liie consideration*
w'uca had indu* d its rej cum      F irtunatilv, we are
not deptmtent  eimrelv. on con^eturt to Itintsoine of tlie
nioüvts, which on tlKii occasion, gmdtd the counsels ot
Congreso     lliej are to be tumid n corded on its Journal
]r« tliepreauiLli to the resolution ot Jul), 17st) it isdt eland
that,' in fixing the limit* and rli neiwonsot tlie in  Statts,
<lue attt ntion ought to be pud to iiatur il bound mes, and 1
variety ot circumstance , winch will be pointed out by a
more pt.riect know ledge ol ibt countrj,so as to provide lor
tht luture growui and po-pent) ot each State '   Now,
there is no evidtneeto show that additional intoruiation
had been obtamtd by Congress, after this preamble was
adopted, prior to the passage ot the ordinance     Indetd,we
art well apprised that, 1011,5 arter u,e bitter period, no map
01 th. "Sort iui st l'erntor), more act urate than Mitchell s,
had bin  published     L'Wiss imp   dued in 181->  and
\anee   imp  in ibis, eiehixlubit the errors which areso
conspicuous in the lace ot tlie map hrst mentioned    The
lights ot seience and civilization hid not broken through
the cloud  01 dark unci rtruutv Hindi then over-hadowed
the far We-t     The latitud ' even ot the southern 1 xtreme
of Lake Michigan had not been clearl) ascertained   Neither
had the resources and extent ot the territory Iv mg north ot
an east and West line, drawn through that point, been 11
plond     1   mgri'ss, uudi r sueh circumstances, would have
neted unwiselv, it thev hid fixed, irrevocahlv, anv one of
the boundary lines ot a State, or btates, to be formed in a
country which had never been traversed by civilized man
The) ought to have adhered, and it is believed the) did
adhere, to tlmr original  purpose     Thtv fix-d the east.
west, and «outh boundary lini 3 of three state-, and po-t
poned a decision a^ to the limit=,dirnensions,or even num
bers ot those to be t vmed, until a variety ot circumstances,
w hicb a more perfect know ledge of tht country would point
out, would enable them, or their successor-, to provide for
the future growth of each State, as well as the accommo
dation and security of the first adventurers     Hence they
adopted tlie language of Mr Grayson's resoluuon, in part,
and rejected it in part    1 bey knew the extent ot thecoun-
trv on the Ohio, and could, therefore, accede to his pro
prxal, so far as to e-tablish the south, cast, and w est bound-
aries of three States, to be organized on the Ohio border.
But they refused to make, as he had expressly proposed, a
lin. drawn due ea--t from the Mississippi, so as to touch the
southern extri me of Lake Michigan, 1 limit ition bf)ond
which these States should not extend     And Congress re-
fused, ilso, to lonn the Michigan peninsula into a state,as
Mr Gra) on bad proposed, to be admitted into the union
whenever there -hould be sixty thousand tree inhabitants
therein     In-tead of this, the) adopted the fifth article of
the ordmancr   which declares that the three Slates on the
Ohio shall extend north to the territorial line between the
Lnited States and Canada    Provided, houeier, And it is
further under-tood and declared, that the boundaries of
these three State  shall bn subject =0 far to be altered, that
if Congress shall hereafter find it to be expedient, thev shall
bave authority to form one or two folate  in that part of the
said territory which lies north of an east and west line
drawn through the southern bend or extreme of Lake Mich-
igan "
But there is a point of view in which the prin-
cipal fact stated, the want of an accurate survey,
1  entitled to consideration. It is stated, and
maybe taken for granted, that Mitchell's map
was the only evidence of the location of Lake
Michigan before Congress in 1787, when the or-
dinance was made, and before the Legislature of
Virginia when she assented to the fifth article.
On referring to that map, an east and west line
drawn through the south bend of the lake is a
latitude line of 42° 20', and which would include
a much greater extent of line than is claimed by
Ohio It then becomes a ques'ion of intention,
( f fact, which hne did the parties intend—the line
No. 36
due east through the south bend of the lake, or
the latitude line indicated by that found on Mitch-
ell's map' There is no ground for taking any
intf 1 mediate line.
Connected with the principal fact above stated
was also the ftct that, in 1787-88, it was well
known that Mitchell's map was not founded on
an actual survey, but was conjectural as to the
location of lakes and livers. Though made on
the best authoutus then to be obtained, yet no
one relied on it as an accurate defamation of the
location of the lakes and rivets of the north.
It is material to considerwhat weie the objects
of the contracting parties It was not a contest
between independent nations, in which the object
on cither side was the acquisition of teintory,
but simply to divide the temtory of the United
Stites into future States, which were to become
niembtts of the Union It was not, theiefore, a
question of a little more or a little less on either
side. On the one side, Congiess desired an un-
limited discietion as to all boundaries, on the
othei, Virginia contended that Congress should
hive no discietion whatever; but the boundaries
of all the States should be established as a condi-
tion to its cession. The first question, then, to
settle was, whether the lines should be floating
or fixed, when it was determined that they should
be fixed, the question was not so much where,
as that they should be certain, and a point was
taken that could be rendered certain.
On these giounds I have come to the conclu-
sion that, both on tlie principle of construction
and the f ict of intention, the line drawn east and
vvtst through the southtrly bend of Lake Michi-
gan was immovably fixed by the ordinance of
1787 as the dividing line between the three States
on the south and the one or two States that might
thereafter be foimed on the north of it, that the 1
lines of the three States, as bounded in the fifth
article, were subject to be altered by Congress
only in the event of its determining it to be ex-
pedient to form one or two States north of that
line, and that the only act by which Congiess
could alter such boundaries was the formation of
such State 01 States; and, as a consequence—the
formation of the teiritoiy north of that line into
one or tvv o States—the lines of those States would
be reduced to that line as their northern bound-
ary
2. The next question is, whether any act of
Congress other than on act constituting one or
two States, &c, is necessary as preliminaiy to
the demand of a State to admission to the Union
under the ordinance. The condition on which
States under the ordinance are entitled to admis-
sion is the following clause, which is applicable
as well to the one or two States that might be
formed as to the thiee States which were formed
by the fifth article:
" And whenever any of the said States shall have sixty
thousand free inhabitants therein, such State shall be ad-
mitted, b) its Delegates, into the Congress of the United
States on an tonal footing with the original States, 111 all
respects whatever, and shall be at liberty to form a perma-
nent constitution and State government Proiided, The
constitution and government so to be formed shall be re
publican and in conformity to the principles contained in
those articles "
The only conditions required are that the State
shall have si-sty thousand inhabitants, and should
have adopted a constitution conformable to the
ordinance     No preliminary act of Congress is
required to enable the State to form a constitu-
tion     The ordinance of 1784 provided for the
establishment of temporary governments in the
! several States formed by it, and required acts of
1   Congress preliminary to their forming constitu-
|' tions, under which their conventions were to be
held for that purpose.   The ordinance of 1787
did not provide for the establishment of tempo-
I  rary government in any of the States formed or
to be formed under it.    Provision was made for
i\ a territorial government, not having any lefer-
|  ence to States, but to the wholeTemtory. When-
I ever the fact of a State having sixty thousand in-
habitants existed, those inhabitants were entitled
\< to move, in such manner as they should think
n proper, to the end to form a constitution and de-
'' maud admission into the Union
These principles apply to the States, the three
States formed by the fifth article; and each of
them, according to their extent, had the right to
apply for admission; but no other division of the
territory had a right to apply until it was formed
into a State by Congress. It had no right to de-
mand that Congress should form it into a State,
much less by its own act form itself into a State.
The temtory north of the east and west line has
theiefore no light to demand admission into the
Union until it has been formed into a State by the
act of Congress.
The case of Tennessee is not in point. In that
case, the cebsion of North Carolina was on the
condition that the territory [Tennessee] ceded
should be formed into one or two States, and, as
one or two States, it was entitled to admission
into the Union. Congiess was bound to admit
it at all events into the Union, and as one State,
unless it should think proper to foim it into two
States. But undei the Union Michigan was en-
titled to become a part of the Union, as a pait of
the States to which it belonged under the fifth
article, it had no claim to be divided into a sepa-
rate State. In the case of Tennessee, Congress
neglected to form it into two States, and the in-
habitants petitioned to be admitted as one State.
It had the requisite number of inhabitants, and
Congiess could not íefuse it admission only on
the ground that it was expedient to divide it into
two States, and by thus dividing it.
To entitle Michigan, then, to an admission into
the Union undei the ordinance, Congress must,
by some act, have formed the Territory into a
State, not a politital community, but have desig-
nated the boundaries as a State, according to the
provisions of the ordinance, viz.. by forming the
temtory north of the cast and west line into two
States, of which the Territory of Michigan is
one. This has not been done, though Congiess
has passed acts from which it may be inferred
thatitintended, in some after time, to form it into
one or two States, or at least that the right should
be reseived. The power reserved to Congress
by the fifth article to alter the limits of the three
Slates was necessarily limited in time. It must
have been executed prior to the admission of
either of the three States with their entire extent
of territory, the admission of a State necessarily
carrying with it a relinquishment of all right of
soveieignty in the United States.
The act for the admission of the State of Ohio,
in 1803, restricts the northern boundary to the
lake line, so far, it looked to the future execution
of the powei. It reserved the right to restore
Ohio to its onginal boundaries: so far, it looked
to the contingency of its future determination on
the expediency of exercising that power, so that,
in no view, can this act of the admission of Ohio
be regarded as an execution of the power.
The act of 1805, establishing the Michigan
Ten ltory by certain boundaries, probably looked
to the same contingencies, but in itself had no
necessary relation to the execution of the power.
In itself it was in no sense an execution of the
power. The result, then, is, that by no act, ex-
press or imphcd,has Michigan been foimed into
a State, or the power reserved to Congress been
in any way executed. But taking it, however, for
granted that the act of 1805 was an execution of
the reserved power, then it is admitted that Mich-
igan is entitled to admission on the same prin-
ciples that would have been applicable to the ad-
mission of either of the three States. That, being
a State, the only condition was, that she should
have sixty thousand inhabitants, and have formed
a republican constitution, and to the formation
of which no preliminary act of Congress was re-
quired.
3. Congress has no [right to] insist on her
assen' to an alteration of hei ordinance boundary
as a condition of admission.
It could not have demanded it as a condition
of either of the three States; they were entitled
to admission by their entire boundary, unless
Congress should choose to alter it by forming
one or two States north of the lake line.
The result, then, is, that Michigan, in relation
to the question of boundary, is not entitled to
demand admission into the Union under the or-
dinance, because Congress has not formed her
into a State under that ordinance, and the con-
sequence follows,-that the original lines of the
three States, extending from the Ohio river to
the northern boundary of the United States, have
