562
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
24th Cong.... i st Sess.
Ohio and Michigan—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
not been altered by any act of Congress author-
ized by the ordinance; and that the whole terri-
tory now belongs to those three States, unless it
has been relinquished by them to the United
States.
II. And it is now insisted that it has been, to
certain extents, relinquished by those States to
the United States. And under this title it has
been competent for Congress to divide it into as
many States as it shall deem proper, with such
boundaries as shall be deemed expedient, under
the clauses in the Constitution giving to Con-
gress the power "to dispose of and make all
needful rules respecting the territory belonging to
the United States, and to admit new States into
the Union."
The ordinance of 1784 was a compact unalter-
able, (after a sale of any part of the land,) unless
by the joint consent of Congress and of the State
within which the alteration proposed was to be
made.
The ordinance of 1787 was a compact between
the United States and the people and States in
said Territory—unalterable, unless by common
consent—by the consent of the parties to the
compact—" the United States and the people and
States in said Territory." The State ofVirginia
was not a party to the compact. It was there-
fore competent for Congress and the States to
alter the provisions of any of the articles of the
compact, so far as the interests of the States
were concerned. The right of soil was vested in
the United States by the cessions. The right of
sovereignty alone remained to the States, and
this right was reserved to each State. It was,
therefore, competent for each State to relinquish
to the United States its right of sovereignty to
any portion of its territory; and, even independ-
ent of this power, each State had the same right
of relinquishment. The United States, by ac-
cepting such relinquishment, would hold the
sovereignty of the territory relinquished subject
to the powers granted by the third section of the
fourth article of the Constitution. Congress
would have the power to make all needful rules
and regulations for the government of the Terri-
tory, for its division into States, and for their
admission into the Union.
The cession of Virginia looked only to the
primary division of the Territory into States.
When admitted into the Union they were to be
admitted on an equal footing with the other States.
It would be competent for Congress, with the
assent of one of tne States, to divide it into two
States, and each of these new States had the same
power to cede any part of her territory to the
United States that Virginia had to make her ces-
sion.
The three States formed by the ordinance, at
the request of Congress, have severally, by the
highest act of sovereignty—the act that is now
required of Michigan—relinquished to the United
States their right of sovereignty to all the terri-
tory north of their northern boundaries. The
State of Ohio accepted the lake line as her north-
ern boundary, and as a consequence, relinquished
her right of sovereignty to the territory north of
it. It was accepted, however, subject to two
provisions. The first was contained in the act
of 1802, authorizing Ohio to form a constitution,
as follows:
" Provided, That Congress shall be at liberty, at any time
hereafter either to attach all the territory lying east of the
line to be drawn due north from the mouth of the Miami
aforesaid, to the territorial line, and north of an ea--t and
west line drawn through the southerly extreme of Lake
Michigan, running east as aforesaid to Lake Erie, to the
aforesaid State, or dispose of it otherwise, in conformity
to the fifth article of compact between the original States
and the people and States to be formed in the territory
northwest of the river Ohio."
Congress at this time, had not determined the
question of the expediency of forming the one or
tne two States north of the lake line, and by this
provision reserved the power of determining it
thereafter. The other provision is contained in
the constitution of Ohio of 1803, as follows:
" Provided always, and it is hereby fully understood and
declared by this Convention, That if the southerly bend or
extreme of Lake Michigan should extend so far south that
a line drawn due east from it shourd not intersect Lake
Erie, or if it should intersect the said Lake Erie east of the
mouth of the Miami river of the lake, then, and in that
case, with the assent of the Congress of the United States,
the northern boundary of this State shall be established by,
and extended to, a direct line running from the southern
extremity of Lake Michigan to the most northerly cape of
the Miami bay, after intersecting the due north line from
the mouth of the Great Miami liver, as aforesaid ; thence,
northeast to the territorial line, and by the said territorial
line to the Pennsylvania line."
Thus reserving to Congress the right, on the
contingency specified, of granting to Ohio the
extension of her northern boundary.
The first provision was in perfect accordance
with the ordinance; it bound Congress either to
restore the territory to Ohio, or to execute the
ordinance by forming one or two States north of
the lake line.
The second provision was in direct conflict with
the ordinance, and could not be executed until
Congress had determined not to form the new
State or States north of the lake line; and the
validity of its execution would not depend on
the ordinance; it would not derive its force from
the act of Congress alone, but from the joint
action of Congress and the State of Ohio.
It maybe repeated, that the power given to
Congress by the ordinance to alter the boundaries
of the three States was absolute, but it was also
definite. It might be executed without the assent
of the States, but it could be executed only in
the manner prescribed. On the admission of
Ohio into the Union, all power necessary to the
execution of the ordinance was reserved; but it
will be found that on the admission of Indiana
and Illinois, no such power was reserved, and
that, in consequence of the terms on which they
were admitted, it became impossible for Congress
to execute the power reserved in the ordinance.
On the 7th of May, 1800, the Territory of In- ¡
diana was established, and comprised all the ter-
ritory included within the boundaries of the two
Western States by the ordinance of 1787.
On the 11th of January, 1805, the Territory of
Michigan was established, and included all that
part of the Northwestern Territory lying north
1 of the lake line and east of a line drawn from the
■ southerly bend of lake Michigan through the
middle of the lake to its northerly extremity, and
thence due north to the northern boundary of the
United States, thus including in Michigan, and
excluding from Indiana, a part of the territory of
the middle State of the ordinance of 1787.
On the 3d of February, 1809, the Territory of
Illinois was established, consisting of all the ter-
ritory of the western State of said ordinance.
The act of 19th April, 1816, authorized the in-
habitants of the Territory of Indiana to form a
constitution. By the second section of the act,
t the northern boundary of the State was proposed
to be limited to a latitude line ten miles north of
the lake line, to which the State was invited to
assent, by the following proviso:
"Provided, That the convention hereinafter provided for,
when formed, shall ratify the boundaiies aforesaid ; other-
wise, they shall he and remain as now prescribed by the
ordinance for the government of the territory northwest of
the river Ohio."
Thus expressly declaring that, if the conven-
tion did not agree to the restricted boundary, their
boundaries should remain as prescribed by the
ordinance; that is, extending northerly to the
northern  boundary of the United States, and,
prior to the admission of Indiana, subject to be
altered by the act of Congress alone, according
to the provisions of that ordinance. The restricted
boundary was ratified by the convention, and, by i
this change of boundary, deriving its validity ':
from the joint act and assent of Congress and the |
State of Indiana, Congress had deprived itself of I
the power of executing the power reserved in the !
ordinance of forming one or two States of the
territory north of the lake line.
, Thc Territory of Illinois, as before stated, was
formed of the whole territory that constituted the
western State, under the ordinance of 1789     By
the act of the 18th April, 1818, the inhabitants of
that Territory were authorised to form a consti-
tution.    By the second section of the act it was
proposed to limit the northern boundary of the
State to latitude 42© 30', and the assent of Illinois
was invited, by a similar proviso to that in the
act relating to Indiana.    The convention ratified
the restricted boundary, and thereby relinquished
its right of sovereignty to the territory north of
it.   Thus, by the relinquishment by the three
original States of their sovereignty to the terri-
tory north of their respective restricted limits
the United States acquired the sovereignty of the
same, and, under the Constitution,have the power
to make all needful rules and regulations for its
government, for the formation of States, and for
their admission into the Union; and this not in
opposition to the ordinance, but in perfect accord-
ance with the provision authorising the alteration
of the compact by common consent. The relin-
quishment it was competent for the States to
make, as sovereign States, without looking to the
ordinance for authority. Had Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, been admitted into the Union with the
boundaries given to the three States by the ordi-
nance, can it be doubted that each would have had
power to have relinquished any portion of its terri-
tory to the United States ? By that power were the
original cessions made. The right of sovereignty
being thus vested in the United States, it is com-
petent for Congress to grant to Ohio, or confirm
to Michigan, as it shall deem expedient, the ter-
ritory in controversy. It is, then, to decide in
what manner any portion of its territory shall be
admitted into the Union; to establish the bound-
aries, and to prescribe the manner in which it
shall proceed to form a constitution. No por-
tion of its territory has the right to demand ad-
mission by its own act, until Congress shall have,
by law, determined these preliminaries.
2. Congress, then, having the power to define
the boundaries of new States, it is improper to
ask Michigan to give her assent to the boundary.
If, after Congress shall have prescribed the
boundaries, the Territory shall decline forming a
constitution, the only consequence would be, they
would remain a Territory until Congress should
propose new boundaries. Though no new State
has the right to claim admission into the Union
until Congress shall have determined its bound-
aries, and directed the manner in which it shall
proceed to form its constitution, yet it is compe-
tent for Congress to assent to the admission of a
State without these preliminary acts. If a por-
tion of territory shall have, on its own motion,
done those acts which Congress would have
directed; if it shall have assumed such boundaries
as Congress would have given her, and formed
a constitution in the manner Congress would
have directed, it is competent for Congress to
ratify the same, and at once to admit such State
into the Union. It is now, therefore, competent
for Congress to admit the State of Michigan into
the Union, if satisfied with her boundaries, with
the manner in which her constitution has been
made, and with its provisions.
It may be here remarked that the acts of the
three States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois have
no other effect than to alter the ordinance in rela-
tion to the number of the States, and the bound-
aries of the three States. The right of soil
remains to be disposed of, according to the con-
ditions of the original cessions; the compact, in
every other respect, remains in force. The ces-
sion of the three States affects the political right
of sovereignty only. The boundaries assumed
by Michigan are the same as given to the Terri-
tory by the act of 1805. Though that act, on the
face of it, is merely an execution of the general
power granted in the ordinance of 1787, to divide
the Territory into one or two districts—a power
which formed no part of the compact; a power
at all times repealable; and a power which was
superseded by the third section of the fourth
article of the Constitution—yet it can scarcely
be doubted that it was intended as the basis of a
State in relation to its boundaiies, to be admitted
into the Union. And good faith requires that
those boundaries should still be accorded to her,
unless there are substantial objections.
In relation to the point in controversy with
Ohio, such objections, in my opinion, formed on
the evidence present, do exist; arising, first, from
the public works of Ohio, to which the mouth
of the Maumee river is necessary, is essential to
Ohio; and secondly, from the danger to the peace
of the country from the acerbity of the contro-
versy. On these grounds, and on these alone, I
am in favor of granting the disputed territory to
to the State of Ohio.
Objections also exist as to the western bound-
ary, if more than two States are to be formed of
