1936.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Surplus Revenue—Mr. White.
Senate.
ceptive. while we appear to pledge largely, it may
end in little or nothin? Who is to judge how
much i- iipcv*sarv' Congress' That body, then,
will li w e the pow er to apply the whole, oi nearly
the whole, of this surplus to any other object,
leaui ? no'hins, or very little, for these objects.
It cam ot be said that we pledge five thousand,
five millions, oi any other sum, for these pur-
noses. It at>peais to me, if we give any pledge,
it ousht to be of something which we can under-
stand ourselves, and which the country can under-
stand
The debt contracted during the revolutionaiy
war, dm in jthe 1 ist war, and all other debts which
the United States h id contractid, lime been paid
off. therefore, if the permanent defense and gen-
eral seouuty of the country require it, for one I
will feel it my duty to add to our annual appio-
priations such sums as may be necessary to com-
Íikte, more rapidly, our fortifications which have
>een icnimenced; to repair those which need re-
pairs, and to build new ones at such important
points or our coast as the public interest may
require; to procure ordnance to arm them when
built, and, u* necessary, add something to our
iiiilinry ptace establishment, so that we may
hive troops to take care of those fortifications
and arms, after they shall have been built and
providt d.
As t<i the Navy, I am willing to provide for
hastening the repairing of ourships, buildingnew
ones, and equipping all for sea which the interest
of the country may require. These things I am
ready to do, to any reasonable extent, upon the
supposition that there is no immediate prospect
of the state of the country bemff changed from
that of peace to a state of war. If, in the opinion
of the Executive, there is a probability that our
friendly relations with any other nation are likely
to be changed, and that preparations must be
made for a state of war, so soon as I can be sat-
isfied this opinion is well founded, I will go heart
and hand with the Chief Magistrate in making
all the preparations which money can make to
meet successlully such a crisis. I will not feel
bound to stop with the surplus revenue; I will
be w illing to apply all we have, and to raise more,
to protect the honor, the interest, and independ-
ence of the country
By the Constitution Congress also has the
power to declare war; still, as the Executive car-
ries on our correspondence with foreign Govern-
ments, it is easy to see that the country may be
placed in such a situation that, consistently with
its interests and its character, Congress can do
nothing but declare war. I have no belief that
this is our situation at present, and cherish the
hope it never will be. I will use every means in
mv humble sphere which, consistently with our
honor and interests, can be used, to avert war,
which I should consider a great calamity; but if,
in the judgment of the constituted authorities, it
must come, let my individual opinion be what it
may, 1 will go with my country, and use all its
energies against any enemy whatever But if
our relations are to be changed from peace to
war, (which God forbid,) I look to our constitu-
tional leader, the Chief Magistrate, to communi-
cate such facts as may be in his power, and to
recommend such measures as he may deem ex-
pedient This the nation has a right to expect,
Congress has a right to expect, and it is a re-
sponsibility which 1 have no doubt the Execu-
tive will fearlessly assume.
Gentlemen are not correct when they argue
that Congress will become the mere tool of the
Executive, if they require communications and
recommendations from the President. He is to
make his communications of facts and his recom-
mendations of measures; then Congress, from
these materials, and such others as are within its
power, is to form its own judgment in relation
to what the inteiest of the country requires, and
will either adopt the measure recommended, or
disregard it, and resort to such other as may be
deemed prfierable.
For the present, gentlemen who think this res-
olution necessary I hope will revise and so word
it that those who vote for it may know the extent
of the pledge they give, and that the country may
understand"it likewise. The information sought
by the four remaining resolutions may be useful,
and I hope they will not meet with any opposi- "
tion.
Mr. President, I did not rise solely for the pur-
pose of expresbing my opinion upon these íeso-
lutions. The honoiableSenatorwho moved them
made then discussion the occasion of statin? that
ourcountry was at present naked and defenseless;
that this was well known at home and throughout
all Europe; tnat we weie thientemd with a war
with France, our ancient ally, who had already sent
a fleet upon our coast to oveiawe our delibera-
tions, and that the reasons why thecountryis thus
naked and defenseless is because a majority of
the Stnate voted against an appropriation of three
million dollars, inserted in the fortification bill of
the last session, and thus occasioned the loss of
the whole bill.
By the way, what has become of this fleet of
observation ' I have seen that it was ordered to
rendezvous at Biest, but whether it, or the Gov-
ernor spoken of, has reached the West Indies or
our coast, I have not seen Suppose it to have
arrived; may it not be that the object is not to
overawe our delibeiations, but to protect the
interest of France against any attack that may
be made on her commerce' Overawe Congiess'
France, 1 hope, knows the character of our peo-
ple better. If she does not, I feel very sure no
member of either House will disgrace his station
by giving any vote which can derogate from the
character of those he represents.
I am one of those who voted against that ap-
propriation,   and against whom   the  charge is
made.  Against this accusation I mightwell plead l
a former acquittal  by the only tribunal compe-
tent to try me.  This accusation was made in my
own State; those to whom only I am accountable
for my conduct here have passed upon it, and
their unanimous verdict of acquittal I presented
the other day, and it now remains on the files of
the Senate.    But I scorn to rely on that plea.    I
have a right to a separate trial, to plead notguilty,
and give the special matter in evidence.   I do not
feel that I or any of those with whom I voted
are answerable for the loss of that bill.   The vote
1 then gave was the result of my best judgment.
I then approved of it, have done so ever since,
and probably ever shall, so long as I am capable
of reflecting on the affairs of this world.    It will
be no part of my plan to attach censure to any
one for his vote; all may have been governed by
motives as worthy as I feel my own were.   The
time will soon come when we  must all appear
before that tribunal where there can be no mis-
take either in the evidence or the judgment which
ought to be pronounced.  To that tribunal, then,
where my motives and conduct must be submit-
ted, I cheerfully leave the decision of the motives
of all others; but it is due to the country, and to
myself, that I shake from my own  skirts that
blame which others seek to attach to me.
A few very plain views of this matter will, I
think, satisfy every honest mind that the Senate
are in no fault whatever. The bill was originated
in the House of Representatives, and passed that
body in the month of January, and sent to the
Senate. It then contained the whole sum deemed
by the Executive and the House necessary for
fortifications and ordnance. This sum amounted
to about $439,000. The Senate might have given
1 us consent to the bill without any alteration. If
it had done so, there would have been a grant
of the sum just mentioned, and no more, to these
,  objects.
I The Senate, from the best information it pos-
sessed, believed the defense of the country re-
quired much larger appropriations, and as it had
a right to do, increased some of the items of
appropriation, and added others to the amount
of about $430,000, thus increasing the grant from
$439,000 to $869,000; and on the 24th day of
February returned the bill to the House for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the Representa-
tives would agree to the increased grant made by
the Senate If the House had simply agreed to
these amendments, the bill would have become a
law, and there would have been an appropriation
for fortifications, &c , equal to $669,000. The
House did not do this, but retained the bill fiom
the 24th of Februaiy till eight o'clock in the night
of tne 3d of March, and th«n returned it to the
Senate with a new section as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senate. This new section
has been read so often that rvei y member, I pre-
sume, has it by memory.    It is in these words:
" Tint the sum of three millions of do'Ur  be, and the
«tine i> herein jppropmted out ot am money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated to be expended, in
whole or in part, undtr tli  direction ol the President of the
Lmtid Mitt-, tor the militan and naval si rv ice, including
lortifieationoand oidmnct and inejca-e of the \avj Pro-
tn/ei/, Sut h expenditure shall be rendered neces-arv for
the defense ot the country prior to the next meeting of Con-
gress "
For one, I declare, when this new section was
read, I was as much surprised as 1 could have
been if it had been dropped from the sky-light
above our heads into the bill. The chanman of
the Committee on Finance moved that the Senate
disagree to the amendment, and, after some dis-
cussion, in which I took no part, the vote was
taken, and stood 29 to 19 — mine being among
those in the affirmative. At that time I knew
not who had proposed this amendment in the
House. The President had not asked, as far as
I knew, for any such appropriation; there was
no estimate sent from any department on which
to found it. My belief was, the President did
not wish it. I supposed it had been offered by
some member opposed to the Administration,
who wished a free disbursement of money about
our sea-port towns, not caring what embarrass-
ment was occasioned by such a loose appropria-
tion, and that, in the hurry and confusion of a
night session, it had been permitted to pass with-
out any particular examination, and fancied that,
so soon as their attention was particularly called
to it, the House would recede from it, and the
bill be passed as originally sent from the Senate.
In these conjectures I soon found I had been
mistaken; for piesently the bill was returned to
the Senate with a message stating that the House
insisted on the amendment. A motion was made
that the Senate adhere to its disagreement. Be-
fore voting on that question I took the liberty of
stating, very briefly, the reasons upon which my
first was given, and upon which the second would
, be founded.
The President had sent no message asking such
an appropriation; no estimates had been sent on
which to found it I believed it would have been
the duty of the Executive to have sent such a
message and estimates, and I further believed he
would faithfully discharge his duty, and there-
fore concluded he did not think the interest of the
country required this additional grant. Besides
this, the question was then pending and unde-
cided before the French Chambei relative to the
appropriation to comply with their treaty. I be-
lieved the strong probability was that it would
pass, either then, or at the next session, and that,
with a little patience and good sense, we should
receive the money without any warlike prepara-
tion. This was not only my own opinion, but
the declared opinion of all with whom I had con-
i versed.
I I was what I professed to be, and ever had
been—a friend to the Administration; I had re-
ceived no information that the President desired
I the appropriation, and I saw the section was so
worded as to throw upon him a responsibility
which he ought not to bear. The proviso left it
discretionary with him whether the money should
be used or not. I thought all the interest of the
Army, the Navy, the large cities, and those who
1 had ordnance to dispose of, would be brought to
bear on him, to induce him to use the money. If
he did oider it to be used, and there should be no
war, as I hoped and believed would be the case,
he would be censured for wasting this large sum.
If he resisted all importunities, and did not use
the money, and war did come, he would be cen-
sured for not providing for the defenses of the
country.                                                                ,
Ao-ain: suppose the money to be drawn; what
was°to be done with it? How much to the Army,
to the Navy, to fortifications, and to ordnance >
The section does not say; all is indefinite, vague,
loose, and left to Executive discretion. These
reasons were satisfactory to my own mind; I
voted upon them. From the time the three mil-
lions was first mentioned in the Senate until we
adiourned, I did not converse, as I believe, with
a single member of the House upon this or any
othei subject; nor did I converse with any mem-
