1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
The Surplus Revenue—Mr. Ewint
Senate.
The first reason assigned for not having made
the repoit was the want of a quorum; this, it
is said, was ascertained by the vote on the reso-
lution just mentioned. The chairman ought to
have put the House in possession of the report,
as he found the House in session. Had he done
so, no doubt u would ha\e been acted on. The
Join nal shows tiiat much business was done
atieiwards, and a resolution reported by Mr.
Wu.uam Cost John-son- was adopted by the
House. (See House Journal, from page 524 to
53Ü.) Now, if theie was a quorum to do other
business, to adopt other resolutions, how is it
thai there was not a quorum to receive and act
on this repoit:
The lemauung reason assigned is, that the
constitutional ti rm for which the members were
elected had expired. In other words, it was after
twtlve o'clock of the night of the 3d of March.
How can this be- Tut re must have been some
mistake on this point. If it was not too late to
do the other business I have mentioned, how did
it happen to be too late to make this report'
Again; the  most certain information we have
as to time  is denved from the statement of the
honorable Senator fiom Vnginia.    He tells us
he looked at his watch w hen the conferees left
the Senate Chamber, and  it then wanted fifteen
minutes of eleven. When they returned and made
tlnir leport he was not in, but returned shortly
afterwards, and it was then twenty minutes after
eleven.    W« may, therefore, suppose  the  con-
ferees had returned about one quarter of an hour
after eleven, leaving three quarters of an hour to
have disposed  of   this bill  before the  hour of
twelve o'clock arrived.    There was,  therefore,
ample time, if the report had been made, to have
disposed of this before our constitutional term
expired, according to the strictest construction.
Mr.  President, this  is the eleventh session I
have been here, and until last session I never
knew of an important measure havinz failed be-
cause twelve o'clock had arrived.    So far as 1
know, the universal course has been, if the busi-
ness necessary to be done could not be finished
before twelve o'clock, to go on and accomplish
it if it took till daylight." I well remembi-r, on
one occasion, at a shortsession, we sat all night,
and before I got to my lodging place it was broad
daylight.    There always have been some mem-
bers who had conscientious scruples about sitting
after twelve o'clock.   I always have, and always
shall respect men who act on such scruples, al-
though 1 may differ with them in opinion.    For
myself, I  have nev«r felt any hesitation about
voting after twelve o'clock, when  the business
requifed it.   By the Constitution, members of the
House are elected for two years, the President
and Vice President for four, and.the Senators for
six.    The only difficulty is to ascertain when the
term commences.   The Constitution does not fix
it, but authorized  the   old Congress to do so.
That  Congress   fixed   the  first   Wednesday in
March, 17e9.    That happened to be the fourth
day of the month.    Now, if we believe the first [
Congress met in the night, at twelve o'clock, the ,
3d of March, 178Í), then our constitutional term
will expire in the iii^ht, at twelve o'clock, of the
3d of March, every second year, and the terms
of the President and Vice President at the same
hour every fourth year.   But if we suppose Con-
gress did not assemble earlier than twelve o'clock
on the 4th of March, 17S9, then, in truth, our con-
stitutional two years, &c, do not expire till the
same hour of the 4th of March, and we have otir
constitutional day as it was when light and dark-
ness were first separated, and it was said the even-
ing and the morning should be the first day.
I submit to gentlemen who have these scruples,
whether it is not worth while to reflect maturely
on this subject. If the term of Congress expires
on the night of the 3d of March, so must that of
President and Vice President. This will always
leave an interval of several hours, when we will
have no President or Vice President. It appears
to me those who framed the Constitution did not
so intend. It is easy to think of cases which
would bear very hard upon such a construction.
Suppose, shortly before the expiration of a pres-
idential term, a man to be sentenced in a Federal
court to be hanged; afterwards it should be ascer-
tained to a certainty that the person was innocent,
and a messenger is sent for a pardon, but cannot |
reach the President till after twelve o'clock on the I
night of the 3d of March; is the man to be hanged
because there is no President until a successor is
sworn in > This ought not to be the construction.
I apprehend the whole difficulty originates from
our perplexing our minds with a legal fiction that
there can be no fraction of a day. This, like
every other fiction, must yield to fact whenjustice
requires it. A man sells a tract of land for a full
consideration, in the morning of the 4th of March,
and conveys it. In the afternoon he sells and
conveys the same land to another person; both
vendees cannot hold; and yet, according to the
idea produced by this fiction, both deeds were
executed the first minute of the day, and are of
equal date; but every man knows that this fiction
would yield to fact, and that the first vendee
would hold the land. Whether these reflections
be altogether accurate or not, they have always
satisfied me that I did not act unconscientiously,
or assume powers I did not possess, when I
voted in the night of the 3d of March, after
twelve o'clock. The honorable member fiom
New Hampshire will perceive that the íesolution
he has read, which was adopted in the year 1790,
does not remove the difficulty. That resolution
only says the term expires on the 3d of March;
but still the question recurs, when does the 3d
of March end according to the meaning of the
Constitution ? To Senators on all sides I submit
whether this crimination and recrimination for
past acts or omissions is likely to produce dispo-
sitions now to act together harmoniously, and to
endeavor to devise and perfect such measures as
will most promote the interest and welfare of the
country.
Mr. President, in every view I have been en-
abled to take of this whole subject, it has appeared
to me that this bill was lost in the House, not in
the Senate; that the Senate were right in the votes
which a majority gave as to this sum of three
millions. I was satisfied with my votes when I
gave them, and am yet satisfied—more, I am
proud of them. I feel that the Author of my
existence will approve of them, and, to use the
language of a distinguished man now no more,
" I wish '.hey were recorded in the center of
heaven, in characters as bright as the sun, that
the whole woild might read them."
THE SURPLUS REVENUE.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS EWING,
OF OHIO,                                        ,
In Senate, February 10, 1836.                  I
Mr. Benton's Resolutions, for the appropriation of the
Surplus Revenue, was taken up as the special order.
Mr. EWING said:
Mr. President: The other day, when, by
common consent, the Senate seemed disposed to
terminate this discussion, I acquiesced, being un-
willing further to prolong it, m opposition to what
seemed to be the general will; but the debate has
been renewed, and I can now, without being
thought obtiusive, consider a few topics which I
have wished briefly to touch before I give my vote
on these resolutions.
And first I take leave to say, that all or nearly
all that I found objectionable in them will be re-
moved by the adoption of the amendment offered
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee, and
by the further amendment proposed by my friend
from Delaware. It will then stand as aresolution
pledging the Senate to appropriate out of the rev-
enues, not the surplus revenue merely, but such
sums annually as may be necessary for the gen-
eral defense and permanent security of the country.
Such a resolution shall have my hearty suppoit,
and I trust and hope it will receive the unanimous
concurrence of the Senate.
But here let me be distinctly understood.   Ido
not consider this resolution the same in form or
substance with that prtsented by the mover.  If it
were I could not vote for it.    I do not look upon
, it as a measure at all anlagonist to that presented
by my honorable friend from Kentucky for the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands,
I which I look upon as a measure of immense ím-
I portance to the State which I in part represent,
and to the whole West also.    I vote for the res-
olutions, therefore, with views entirely different
from those suggested by the Senator from Mis-
souri when he last addiessed the Senate, and I
now take occasion to say so, lest nny one should
think that his gloss was received here as a pait
of the text, or explanatory of the text, to winch
we give our assent.    Wc do not s-iy, in voting
for these resolutions, that the whole revenue, or
the whole  surplus revenue, or any such vascue
and indefinite sum, is necessary for ihe increase
of the Navy, or for fortifications, or that it can be
applied to that purpose.    We do not yet know
what will be necessary for those objects, nor ex-
actly what could be applied to them, even if ap-
Eropnated by Congress; nor do wc know what will
e the surplus for a series of years tocóme; so that
there would be no less than three uncertainties
brought to act with and upon each other by the
resolution first proposed.    But the amendments
relieve the proposition of its objectionable fea-
tures, and in so doing they necessarily make it a
different measure from that expounded by the
Senator fiom Missouri.    One thing further I am
willing to say, by resolution or otherwise, and
that is, that the money appropriated by Congress
for our military and naval defenses ought to be
applied to and expended upon those objects from
year to year, if it be in the power of the Execu-
tive bianch of our Government to expend it ad-
vantageously.    I would not have them waste it,
but I would have them use every effort to apply
it to its designated object.    I am not disposed to
cast censure upon them because they fail to do
so, for they show strong reasons in excuse for
their failure or delay; but of this more hereafter.
It seems to be of the essence of modem policy,
that eveiything is to be carried, and executed
too, by means of excitement.    We  are  to be
moved on in our caiecr, in all things, by the force
of a high pressure engine.    This machine, with
all its power, is now to be brought to bear upon
our fortifications and Navy, and, by the appro-
priation of millions and tens of millions, we are
to see rising up at once, without hands, ships
and forts and guns and equipments, as suddenly
as the palace of Aladdin rose under the wand of
the Genii of the Lamp.    I am disposed to pause
and look a little into ihe matter,and see whether
this can be effected thus suddenly. But one thing
I must in all candor admit: our surplus revenue
may be made to vanish in the attempt, almost as
suddenly as that same palace did in obedience to
the command of the magician after he had pur-
loined the talisman.
I know we may make appropriations for forti-
fications and the Navy to any extent we please;
but I am perfectly certain that, if they be very
laige, they cannot be expended advantageously
to the country. Skillful and experienced engi-
neers are wanting; naval architects, superin-
tendents, master workmen, mechanics, and la-
borers aie all wanting, and cannot be piocured
for some yi ars to come, to apply advantageously
a much larger expenditure than that which we
usually make for these objects. For the purpose
of setting this matter in its true light before the
Senate and the public, I propose to offer, by way
of amendment, an additional resolution of inquiry
to this effect:
Also, that the President be requested to inform the Senate
what turns can be advantagcnu.lv cjpended on each of
ll,o-e «eVLr.U objecN within the cum em vrai, and thc-rcalter
nnnuailv on each of tho^e several ohiects, taking into \idvv
the piacticabihtv of proeunn  skillful and experienced
engineers, naval architects, superintendents, and master
vvoikmen. and also mechanic  and laboiers ; taking into
view al-o, our means of procuring and prepaiing materials
fit to be Used in works of a substantial and durable char-
acter ; also, that he be requested toinform the Senate what
are the cau-es which hove prevented and delayed the ex-
penditure ol lornier appropriations for those several objects.
To this, I presume, there will be no objection.
It is information very necessary to enable us to
act with knowledge on the subject. When we
have an answer to this, and the several calls con-
tained in the other resolutions, we can form an
opinion not only of what is necessary, but what
can be used; and we may avoid, what every Sena-
1 tor would doubtless wish to avoid, the placing of a
very large sum of money in the hands of a host of
executive officers, which they could not expend
for the benefit of the country, but which they
i might misapply.    In the mean time, until we get
