570
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 9,
24th Cong.... Ist Sess.
Exploring the Pacific—Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
only, we may often engage in improvements and
enterprises far from home. But we as Repre-
sentatives should be influenced by a higher and
nobler principle—an enlarged and national policy,
which should be measured by national interest
and national good.
The subject we are now considering is an ap-
propriation for surveying and exploring the Pa-
cific ocean and South seas. The form of the bill
has been objected to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Patton,] who spoke a short time
since. He objects because, by the provisions of
the bill, the President is authorized (if in his
opinion the public interests shall require) to send
out a surveying and exploring expedition, and he
is of opinion we ought not to devolve upon the
President the duty and obligation of deciding
whether the expedition ought to be undertaken
or not. I entirely concur with that gentleman in
his general views upon the subject. We ought
to assume the responsibility that justly belongs
to the Representatives of the United States, and
I have no desire to avoid that responsibility. It
would, therefore, have been much more in accord-
ance with my opinion, had the amendment pro-
vided for a direct appropriation, leaving no con-
dition or discretionary power in that respect with
the President. But it seems there are some mem-
bers of this House who entertain a different opin-
ion, and they insist upon the form proposed; and
believing, as I do, the result will be the same, I
am disposed, in the present case, to consent to the
amendment. By the bill itself we express our
opinions most decidedly in favor of the expedi- '
tion. The President may refuse to execute the
law, but under such circumstances I am confident
he will not. The President is not intrusted with
power to do more than the law provides, but may |
decline to act, and, in that event, the law would
not be executed, and the expedition would fail.
If the bill become a law, it will be the imperative
duty of the Executive to investigate the subject,
or consult those who have investigated it, and I
have no apprehension of the result, and do not,
therefore, oppose the amendment, lest the bill
might be defeated.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Patton]
suggests that there may be constitutional objec-
tions, but declines to state them, or offer an argu-
ment upon that subject. Some other gentlemen
have hinted at the same difficulty. For myself,
I have no doubt of the constitutionality of the
law proposed, and I am ready to sustain my
opinions here; but I will not trespass upon the
time of this House by an argument in a case, in
my judgment, so plain, unless it be in reply to
real objections actually made. The Pacific ocean
and South seas are surely our own, as tenants in
common with other nations. They are the high-
way of nations, and emphatically the broad high-
way in which we travel more, and have a greater
interest than any other nation.
A large portion (considerably more than one
half) of the ships and tonnage engaged in the
whale fishery belongs to the district which I have
the honor to represent. It became my duty as a
Representative, years ago, to investigate the pro-
posed expedition. My investigation resulted in
the most perfect and entire conviction of its utility
and importance, not only to those engaged in the
fishery, but to the whole country. I have much
information connected with and having a mate-
rial bearing upon the subject, which, under other
circumstances, and at an earlier period of the
session, when we had more leisure, I should have
felt inclined to present to the consideration of the
committee. But knowing, as I do, that the time
is short, and that there is much that ought to be
done, I shall limit myself and confine my remarks
mainly to a general view of the subject, referring
for more minute and statistical information to the
printed reports laid upon our tables, and which
are before me. I beg to notice the subject in one
or two points of view, which, in my opinion,
have not been sufficiently noticed either in
speeches or reports, and which I deem of the
highest importance to the true interests of the
country.
This enterprise has been denounced as novel,
quixotic, and useless, &c, by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Hawes] and others. If such
gentlemen will examine the records of this House,
they will find their mistake, and learn that it is
not new, and if they will give themselves the
trouble to understand a subject a little out of their
spheres, they will have no room to doubt its prac-
ticability and usefulness. I presented several
petitions to this House early in the year 1828,
from Nantucket and New Bedford, praying for
an exploring expedition, and fully setting forth
its importance. On the 19th of May, 1828,1 had
the honor to offer the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That it is expedient that one of our small
public vessels be sent to the Pacific ocean and South seas,
to examine the coast, islands, harbors, shoals, and reefs in
those seas, and to ascertain their true situation and descrip-
tion.
'•Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to send one of our small public ships into those
seas for that purpose; and that he be requested to affoid
such facilities as may be within the reach of the Navy De-
partment, to attain the object proposed ; provided it can be
effected without prejudice to the general interest of the
naval service; and provided it may be done without further
appropriation during the present year.
" The resolutions were read and discussed until the
arrival of the hour for passing to the orders of the day."—
Vide Journal H. R-, session 1827-28, p. 774.
" Wednesday, May 21, 1828.—The resolutions moved
by Mr. Reed on the 19th instant, and laid on the table, were
read, considered, and asreed to bv the House."—Vide
Journal H. R., session 1827-28, p. 796.
The resolutions referred to met with some op-
position at first, but after a short explanation
passed almost unanimously. Preparation for the
expedition wascommenced, and the vessels would
soon have been fitted out and sent away but for
an interference in the Senate. I always consid-
ered it an interference, influenced by political
considerations. I have been aware that, however
useful and expedient the expedition might be, so
much had been done to defeat it, that although
all political objects had been attained, the expe-
dition must be postponed for a season. It has
been postponed eight years. I have no desire to
allude to political reminiscences further than may
be necessary to account for the delay. Then the
proposed expedition has long been before Con-
gress and before the public, and it is well known
it has received unusual public approbation. The
proposition has been repeatedly approved by
committees of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, and they have given able and interest-
ing reports in its favor. Bills have repeatedly
passed the separate branches, but for want of
time have failed, like many other useful measures,
to become a law.
I shall not attempt to present to the committee
in detail the amount and value of our various in-
terests in the Pacific ocean. The fur trade has
been a source of no inconsiderable profit. Our
commerce of every description in that ocean, al-
ready great, is rapidly increasing, and capable of
being vastly extended. Our whale fishery, which
might seem to demand more particularly my re-
gard and notice, has been extended over a great
part of that vast ocean, and is of great amount.
I refer to two short abstracts, which show the
amount of capital employed in the whale fish-
ery, and principally in those seas. What is the
amount of our interests in the seas where the
principal labors of the expedition will be per-
formed ? To say nothing of the vessels engaged
in the various traffic among the islands in the
Pacific, the following will show what interests
we have in the various branches of the whale
fishery from different ports in the united States:
Ports.               Vessels. ,         Ports.              Vessels.
New Bedford............154 I Bristol.................  n
Nantucket............... 71 i New London........... 29
Lynn...................    5 | Norwich................    I
Gloucester..............    1   New York..............    6
Portsmouth.............    4 —
Warren................. 15
Providence.............    2
Mystic..................   3
Grecnport..............    3
Hudson................ 11
Newark. N. J...........    1 I Salem..................    9
Westport...............   3 1 Provincetown ..........    1
Newburg...............    3
, Wilmington, Del........    3
I Dartmouth..............    4
I Wareham..............    1
Edgarton...............    8
1 Plymouth...............   4
Fairhavcn..............31
Rochester..............   4
Falmouth...............    4
Wiscassett.............    1
Newport...............    9
Stonington..............    3
Fall River..............   3 j Sag Harbor............  24
Dorchester.............   4   Ponghkeepjie...........   4
Newhuryport............   4 I Bridgeport.............   2
Portland................   1 '
This immense fleet of 460 sail will average
about 375 tons each, making 173,500 tons, or one
tenth of the tonnage of the United States. The
cost of these vessels is from twenty to sixty thou-
sand dollars each—on an average of say forty
thousand dollars—which requires an active cap-
ital of eighteen million four hundred thousand dol-
lars.
The largest cargo of sperm oil brought into the
United States during the year 1835 was by the
ship Parker, of Nantucket, 3,305 barrels. The
average quantity to each ship arrived was about
1,920 barrels or 00,480 gallons. The value of the
sperm oil brought in by our whale ships durin 
the past year was $5,607,000, being more than
the whole amount of ourdemand upon the French
Government, for the collection of which we are
threatened with a war.
In addition to the above, the amount of whale
oil brought in the past year may be set down, at
present prices, at almost two million dollars.
The produce of the mackerel fishery during
the past year was, as near as can be estimated
$2,405,000.
The produce of the cod fishery we have no data
by which to estimate; it might, however, easily
be ascertained by the collectors of the customs in
the various districts; it may probably beset down
at $1,500,000.
The produce of the fisheries of the United
States during the past year may be estimated as
follows:
Sperm whale fishery......................... $5,607,000
Right whale     do..........................    1,850,000
Mackerel        do...........................   2,405,000
Cod                do..........................   1,500:000
Other fisheries        ..........................      500,000
$11,862,000
The above extract shows we have employed in
the whale fishery, and principally in the Pacific
ocean, a fleet of 460 sail amounting to 172,000
tons, onetenth of the tonnage of theTJnited States,
and they are manned by not less than ten thou-
sand men. The capital employed, as stated, is
$18,400,000, and the produce last year amounted
to $7,457,000, $5,607,000 from the Pacific. Surely
the interest is of sufficient value, if understood,
to call for the attention and protection of Govern-
ment.
The vast Pacific and southern oceans proposed
to be explored and surveyed, are less known than
any other part of the globe, and, being interspersed
with thousands of shoals, and islands, and coral
reefs, are exceedingly dangerous to navigation.
The statement appended to the report before us,
taken principally from the log-books of masters
of whale ships of Nantucket and New Bedford,
presents a list of more than five hundred islands
and reefs. It is but a few years since the state-
ment has been published of these islands. They
have laid down the latitude and longitude with
as much accuracy as their situation would allow,
and the country is much indebted to the masters
and owners of ships for the information. But
the information furnished, though valuable, is
not sufficiently accurate. They possessed not the
instruments, nor had they time, to fix the loca-
tions with precision. The improved instruments
in use at the present time afford facilities to men
of science and skill of fixing the true localities
of places with great accuracy, and in a short
time.
If the islands already discovered and named
were first surveyed, their latitude and longitude
might, in a short time, be accurately marked
upon a chart, and be immediately and highly
useful. While a part of the company were fixing
the latitude and longitude of these islands, others
might examine, survey, and note them in refer-
ence to dangerous reefs and harbors of refuge.
It should be remembered that, however desirable,
it would be wholly impracticable for individual
enterprise to accomplish such a work. It is a
national object, and its accomplishment must
depend upon national appropriations, encourage-
ment, and protection. I confess, viewing the
subject as I do, I am surprised that gentlemen in
this House who have examined it can oppose
the appropriation. Do they think the price too
great, when they must know it would save mil-
lions of property—thousands of lives? I will
not believe it. I presume those who oppose the
appropriation have looked upon the Pacific as far
distant, and the pursuits and enterprises carried
on there have been foreign to their accustomed
