1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
:24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Indian Annuities—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
gers to be avoided, harbors to be sought, calcu- |
luted to save the lives and property of men, and
to facilitate commerce and intercourse with all
parts of the globe ?
In every view which I have been able to take
of this subject, I come to one result. The pro-
posed expedition has been too Ions; postponed.
The bill before us ought to pass immediately,
and the expedition ought to be prosecuted with
as little delay as possible, consistent with the
oilier great interests of the country. The oceans,
and lands adjacent and contiguous, proposed to
be explored and surveyed, present a great portion
of tins globe, land and water, to the enteiprises
and usetul commerce of those who possess the
ability to enjoy it. It is calculated, and cannot
fail to greatly extend and enlarge the facilities of
commerce and business useful to all. Is there
a member here who does not believe we shall
íave our full share of that commerce? And is
there a man who has examined the bearing and
e;i'.cts of the measure, that does not perceive it
:s calculated to benefit all parts of the country,
mid is truly national? I forbear to add more at
present, and trust the appropriation will be made,
and that the country will experience all the
•tlvantages which have been anticipated.
INDIAN ANNUITIES.
SPEECH OF HON. H. EVERETT,
OF   VERMO.NT,
In the House op Representatives,
June 3, 1836.
The House having under consideration  the bill making
ipprnpriationsforthecurrentoxpensrsofthe Indian Depart-
ment, for Indian Annuities, and lor other similar objects, for
the year ls.T>—
Mr. EVERETT said he had not expected to
address the House on any subject connected with
our Indian relations until a fVw days ago. The
i'lriturv into the ranees of the Indian hostilities
liad been brought before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and the papers relating to it had been re-
ferred to lum for examination. He had intended,
before the close of the session, to present his views
in the shape of a report. When, however, this
amendment was adopted in that committee—an
amendment placing at the disposal of the Execu-
tive more than a million of dollars for the removal
of the whole Creek nation by force, in violation
of an existing treaty—he had felt himself com-
pelled to change his purpose, and to present his
views to the House whenever that amendment
should be considered. Should that pass,areport
would be to but little purpose.
He regretted that this extraordinary appropri-
ation should have been attached to an ordinary
appropriation bill.    It placed him in the dilemma
of being charged with obstructing the passage of
the bill, of the urgency of which no one was more
sensible than himself; or with the responsibility ¡
of permitting a measure to pass in silence which, '
in his conscience, he believed  to be repugnant
to our most sacred obligations, and of the most
hazardous tendency.    He had desired that this
appropriation should have been reported in a sep-
arate bill.    Had it been so, this bill would have
passed as soon as it was reported, and all delay
Would have been avoided.   He did not, therefore,
consider himself responsible for the delay.   This
was not the first time that important measures
iiad been attempted to be carried through on the
Wk of a general appropriation bill.    The House
was sufficiently forewarned of the consequences.
The blame would rest on  those who first mter-
>osed the obstacle.  Mr. E. said the country being
n fact in a state of war, without stopping to m-
luir  by whose fault we had become involved in
t, he had voted for every appropriation asked for
iefense, and as soon as it was asked.    But the
(resent question relates to the future, and to con-
sequences which demand that it should not pass
without investigation.
Mr. E. requested the Clerk to read the twelfth
inicie of the Creek treaty of March 24, 1832:
'•Art 12. The United States are desirous that the Creeks
hould remove to the eountry west of the Mississippi, and
i'in their countrymen there, and lor thH purpose it is agreed
.hat as last as the Creeks are prepared to emigrate, they
 ball be removed at the expense of the United States, ana
shall receive subsistence while upon the journey, and for
one year after their arrival at their new homes: Provided,
however. That this article shall not be construed so as to
compel any Creek Indian to emigrate, but they shall be free
to go or slay, as they please."
This is the obligation we have assumed; this
is the right we have guarantied to every Creek
Indian—to go or stay, as he pleases. To render
this right of value—to enable the Creeks to subsist
themselves where they were, if they chose to re-
main—the treaty secured to ninety principal chiefs
each six hundred and forty acres of land, and to
every other head of a Creek family three hundred
and twenty acres. These reservations are their
homes, on which they are entitled to remain.
But from these it is now proposed to remove them
by force.
The amendment proposes to remove twenty-
one thousand Creeks; that is the estimated num-
ber of the whole nation. It does not, in terms,
propose to remove them by force; that purpose
is, however, avowed explicitly in the letter of the
Secretary of War to the committee, asking for
the appropriation; and if the appropriation is
granted, the Executive will consider himself au-
thorized to use it, and will use it for the purpose
for which it was asked. This letter is dated on
the 19th of May, and states:
'• The state of affairs among the Creek Indians in Ala-
bama has induced the President to direct the necessary
measures to be taken for their removal. Heretofore, the
in-trurtions have been in conformity with the treaty—to
remove them as they wen1 voluntarily prepared to go. But
actual hostilities have commenced, and it is essential to
their existence, as well as to the safety of the settlements
in conlaet with them, that they should be established in
their country west of the Mississippi without delay. The
ruhi to remove them by force, if necessaiy, results from
the attitude in which they have placed themselves by the
commencement of hostilities," lie.
Here, then, is our treaty obligation on the one
hand, and the power claimed on the other.    On
what ground is it claimed?    It can be claimed
only on the ground that  the treaty is dissolved
by a war on the part of the Creek nation.    An
act of hostility by an individual, or one of the
bands of the tribe, would not have that effect.
No, sir; it must be a war between the Creek
nation and the United States; that only would
dissolve the obligation of the treaty; and before
this House sanctions  the exercise of this high
power—this war power, of removing the whole
Creek nation by force—it should be satisfied that
the Creek nation has made war upon us, as a
national act.    On what evidence is this House
called upon to act? On a letter from the Secretary
of War to a committee, stating that actual hos-
tilities have commenced, unaccompanied by any
evidence of the character or extent of those hos- ,
tilities.    It gives us no facts, on which his decla-
ration is founded, to enable the House to judge
if the right to remove the Creeks by force is jus-
tifiable.   Are we to act on this declaration ?   Are
we to collect our facts from newspapers, private
letters, or rumors?   And if we should, what do .
they all amount to?   From no source, that can I
be relied on, have I sufficient evidence to believe
that, at the date of this letter, any white man
had seen twenty-five Creeks embodied in arms.
True, this is no evidence that more have not been
in arms.    But  I should not be surprised if it
should turn out that the whole number was then
lesa than two hundred and fifty.
|     There is, however, some negative testimony.
I will refer the committee to a semi-official publi-
cation in the Globe, of the 30th of May. ít states
! that Colonel Hogan wrote, on the 24th of April,
,! that " there was no more disposition among the
!¡ Creeks of the upper towns for hostilities than
'  there was among the citizens of Washington,and
that he did not believe there was any such dis-
position among the Creeks of the lower towns."
This letter was received here on the 5th, and
" on that day Governor Clay was again informed
that should the Indians meditate hostilities, any
force he might find necessary to call out for the
protection of the inhabitants would be received
! into the service of the United States.   The same
information and the same authority was given to
Governor Schley on  the 13th of May."   This
is the account of the  Indian hostilities, as pub-
lished on the 30th of May.   The orders of the
Governors of Alabama and Georgia do not refer
to actual hostilities, but to meditated hostilities.
But, sir, if a state of war exists, why has no
communication of the fact been made to the
President? 1 do not go the length of saying
there should be no communication between the
heads of the Departments and the committees
of this House. In matters of minor consequence
convenience requires it. But on questions involv-
ing a change of our relations with nations with
whom we have treaties—on questions of peace
and war—I hold that a head of Department and
committees of the House are not the proper or
gans of communication between the Executive
and Congress. Such communication should be
made by the President, and to both Houses, to
whom it appertains to take order thereon. Meas-
ures new and important are not to be sprung
upon the House through a report of a committee.
The President is the only constitutional organ of
communication between the executive and legis-
lative departments. It is his constitutional duty
" from time to time to give to Congress inform-
ation of the state of the Union, and to recom-
mend such measures as he shall judge expedi-
ent." Sir, I would hold him to his duty—to this
responsibility. If the House acts on its own
motion, on its own information, it acts on its
own responsibility. That responsibility, for one,
I am not willing, in this instance, to assume.
Mr. Chairman, I now offer an amendment as
a substitute for the amendment of the committee.
I do not propose to lessen the appropriation, but
to restrict its application. I do not make it a
question of amount, but of principle. I am will-
ing to give the Executive ample means to remove
all the Indians, but propose to divide the amount
so that a part shall he applicable to the removal
of those who please to go, and the residue to those
who may be in arms; but that no part shall be
applicable to those who are neither hostile nor
willing to remove. This amendment will be ap-
plicable to the Seminóles, as well as to the Creeks,
and will also enable the Executive to resort to
pacific, as well as warlike measures, for their
removal.
The amendment, as it came from the Senate,
was for a removal of the Creeks who should vol-
untarily assent to go, and was based on the re-
moval of twelve thousand.
For this purpose, in addition to the unexpended
balance of..........................$155,000
It appropriated the sum of............   348,230
To this, the committee of the House
have added, under the call of the Sec-
retary of War, on an estimate for re-
moving the residue of the nation....    675,320
1,178,550
And to this may be added, for the re-
moval of the Seminóles, an  unex-
pended balance of...........%33,000
And an additional appropriation
of.........................100,000
133,000
Making for the removal of the Creeks
and Seminóles....................$1,311,550
Should the substitute be adopted, the amend-
ment will stand:
" For the removal of the Creek Indians, and their sub-
sistence ibr one year, including bubsistence for those re-
cently removed, in addition to «155,000 of former appropri-
ations, $348,230, under the twelfth article of the Creek treaty
" For holding treaties with the hostile Indians east of the
Mississippi river, and for their removal west of that river,
six hundred and seventy-five thataani three hundred and
twenty dollart"
Mr. Chairman, this presents the important
question in relation to all the hostile Indians,
Creeks and Seminóles: Shall force be the only
means of effecting their removal ? I propose a
pacific measure; and by the term in the appro-
priation, "for holding treaties," to indicate to the
Executive the opinion of this House in the hope
that it will not be disregarded.
It seems to be taken for granted by some gen-
tlemen that we cannot, consistently with our
national honor, hold treaties, or even attempt a
pacification of hostile Indians. It is said by the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Lawler] that
they must be whipped before they can be removed.
What, sir? send whipped Indians west of the
Mississippi!   Of that I have a word to say here-
