574
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
after. Our honor' What of honor have we
gained already in our attempt to whip the Semi-
nóles' And what of honor must be gained, if,
bv extermination, we make a grand finale of the
hostile tribes' But this is also a question of
interest I will thank the Clerk to state the
amount already appropriated on account of these
Indian hostilities—[§2,630,000, besides rations to
the starving inhabitants]—more will be immedi-
ately required. Add to this the expenseof another
campaign—of an at my of five thousand. And to
this the amount of the losses of the inhabitants
of Florida and Alabama — some millions more.
This, though an individual loss, is not the less a I
loss to the countiy. Possibly it may become a
direct national loss. On that question 1 do not
intend to commit mvselt; but, sir, if the suffereis
claim indemnity, they will, as their only ground,
base their claims on the fact that their loss was
occasioned (to use the mildest phrase) by an
improvident act of the Government. In addition
to all this, look to the loss of human life.
It is evident that the Seminole war was the im-
mediate cause of the Cieek hostilities. Other
causes have no doubt concurred—causes of irri-
tation, producing a predisposition to hostility,
called into action by the success of the Seminóles.
What shall be done ' Shall we fight it out to the
last, or attempt a pacification ' In selecting our
couise, much will depend on the answer to the
question, " Is our quairel just '" And it is time
this question was answered.
In answering this question, I shall take occa-
sion to inquire into the causes of the Seminole
war. I shall stop where the war commenced,
leaving it for others to examine into the manner
in which it has been conducted. I pass this over
to the military gentlemen of the House—to the
Committee on Military Aflairs—to institute the
proper inquiry. I have no doubt they will do
their duty.
Piehminary to the investigation, I will suggest
two considerations, which should be borne in ,
mind during the investigation. The first is, the '
unequal terms on which we always treat with the
Indian tribes—our superior intelligence—their ne-
cessities—the fact that our treaties are, as they
say, white men's treaties, made in our language,
translated by our interpreters, and by them im-
perfectly understood, and imperfectly remem-
bered. The other is, that we are our own histo-
rians—we tell the whole story—they, particularly
the Seminóles, were refused permission to send
a delegation here to tell their part of the story.
In reply to their application, they were told,
" This made the President angry." From con-
siderations such as these, in all questions of doubt,
proper allowances should be made in their favor.
I will also notice some things of minor import-
ance which may have had an unfavorable influ-
ence—the eager desire oj the whites to obtain their
land. General Eaton, in his letter of the 8th of
March, 1835, says:
" The people here want the lands on which they [the
Seminóles] reside, and they will urge a removal, Jas ant
nefas, and the Big swamp, which in the treaty is declared
to be the fir-t of tlieir country to be vacati d, is of high re
pute; and it is that on which the eyes of speculators are
fixed."
The unprincipled desire to obtain their negroes:
General Thompson, in his letter of the 28th of
October, 1834, says:
" There are many very likely negroes in this nation; some
of the whites in the adjacent settlements manliest a restless
desire to obtain them; and I have no doubt that Indian
raised negroes now in possession ot the whites, some ot the
negroes in the nation, with some of the Indians, have been
induced, by bribery or otherwise, to stir up hostility among
the Indians to the intended emigration, for the purpose of
detaining the negroes here until the territorial jurisdiction
shall be extended over the Indian country, so as to enable
fraudulent claimants to prosecute their claims in the terri-
torial courts," &c.
The opposing influence of the negroes, excited by
the fear of their being sold to slave dealers:
General Thompson, in his letter of the 27th of
April, 1835—a letter of great inteiest—says:
"Application was made to me this morning for permis-
sion to purchase negroes of the Seminole Indians, under a
letter from the office of Indian Affairs, addressed to Gen-
eral Call, in which the Commissioner says, as there is no
law prohibiting the sale of slaves by Indians, there is no
necessity for the interference of the Department to allow
the Indians a privilege which they already have " "The
negroes in the nation dread the idea of being transferred
from their present state of ease and comparative liberty to
Indian Annuities—Mr. Everett.
bondage and hard labor, under overseers, on suzarand cot-
ton plantations Tliev have always had a gre it influence
on the Indian- rIhtv live in villige- stparate—and in
intnv ca-e- remote—from their ownf r-, enjoying equal lib-
erty with their owner-, with the sin le exception that the
slave supplies his owner annually, Irorn the product of his
little held, with corn in proportion to the amount oi the
crop—in no ni-finct til ,t ha-, conn to my know ledge ex-
ct < ding ft n lni-h< I- fie residue is con-ideredthr propeity
ot the -lave Many ol the-e slave- have stocks ot horses,
cow-, and hog-, with which the Indian owner never
as-uui( s the right to mtermi ddle 1 am thus particul ir on
tin- point til it iou maj nnder-tand the true cau-e ot the
abhorrence of the nenoes of even the idea of any change,
and the indulgence so euended bv the owner to the shve
will enable vou to credit the assertion that an Indian would
ahiio-t is soon -ell hi- child as In  slave, except when m a
stite of intoxication "
On this occasion General Thompson did his
duty; he refused permission to the applicants to
purchase slaves, or to say anything on the sub-
ject. The answer to this letter is not among the
papers in my possession.
In this investigation, I shall endeavor to confine
myself to our own íecord. I regret that the doc-
uments just laid on your table are not printed,
and in the hands of all the membeis, that they
might go along with me page by page. I desired
that the discussion should be delayed a day or
two for that purpose. But it is the pleasure of
the House that the discussion shall now pro-
ceed.
On the 8th of January, 1821, the Creek treaty
of Indian Springs was concluded. At that time,
the Seminole band was a component part of the
Creek nation. To this treaty I shall have occa-
sion to refer hereafter.
On the 18th of September, 1823, the treaty of
Camp Moultrie was concluded with the Seminóles,
they having then separated from the Creeks. By
this treaty we engaged to pay them annuities for
twenty years, and guarantied to them their narrow
j limits.   They were restricted from the sea-coast,
I and confined to the hammocksandswáVips, which
they aie now defending to the last drop of blood.
Miseiable as their country is, they cling to it with
the grasp of death. This treaty, unless abrogated
by a subsequent treaty, was an existing treaty
at the commencement of the present war.
On the 9th of May, 1832, the Seminole treaty
i of Payne's Landing was concluded. The Semi-
nóles have alleged that it was forced upon them.
But in our own story I find no evidence of the
fact, all that I find is that at that time they were
in a state of starvation, we deemed it a fit occa-
sion for holding a treaty. We were not, how-
ever, the cause of their famine, nor were we
accountable for its consequences. We did no
more than to take all due advantage of the fact.
I     I ask the clerk to read the preamble and the
I seventh article:
I     " The Seminole Indians, regarding with just respect the
solicitude manilested by the President of the United States
for the improvement ot their condition, by recommending
their removal to a country more suitable to their habits and
wants than the one they at present occupy in the Territory
of Florida,are willingthattheir confidential chiefs, Jumper,
Tuch a lus-ti-co-had jo, Charley Kinartla, Coi had jo, Ho-
lán Emartla,Valia liadjo, Sam Jones, accompanied by their
faithful interpreter, Abraham, should be sent, at the expense
of the United States, as early as convenient, to examine
I the country assigned to the Creeks west ol the Missis-
sippi river; and should they be satisfied with the character
1 ot that country, and of the favorable disposition of the
j Creeks to reunite with the Seminóles as one people, the
I articles of the compact and agreement herein stipulated at
Payne's Landing, on the Ocklewaha river, this 9th day of
May, 1832, between James Gadsden, for and in behalf of
the United States, and the undersigned chiefs and headmen,
for and in behalf of the Seminole Indians, shall be binding
on the respective parties "
"Art. VII. The Seminole Indians will remove within
three (3) years after the ratification of this agreement, and
j the expenses of their removal shall be delrayed by the
United States; and suchsub-istenceshall also be furnished
them, for a term not exceeding twelve (12) months, after
their arrival at their new residence, as in the opinion of the
President their numbers and circumstances may require ;
the emigration to commence as early as pracucable in the
year eighteen hundred and thirty three, (1833,) and with
those Indians occupying the Big Swamp, and other parts
of the country beyond the limns as defined in the second
article of the treaty concluded at Camp Moultrie creek, so
that the whole of that proportion of the Seminóles may be
removed within the year aforesaid ; and the remainder of
the tribe in about equal proportions, dunng the subsequent
years of eighteen hundred and thirty-four and five, (1834
andlSJo)"
In relation to this treaty, I shall now endeavor
to sustain the three following positions:
I. That the treaty never became obligatory on
the Seminóles;
Ho. of Reps.
II.  That the Government have attempted to
execute it contrary to their own interpretation,
III.  That they have attempted to execute it by
an act of war, before the commission of any hostile
act on the pait of the Seminóles
If I sustain these positions, I shall have shown
satisfactorily, the causes of the Seminole war-
and answered   the  question,   " is  our quarrel
just'"
The treaty of Payne's Landing never became
obligatoiy on the Seminóles,
1. Because the condition precedent, on which
alone it could become obligatory, was not ful-
filled
That condition, in substance, was, that the
Seminole delegation should, after visiting the
western country, be satisfied with the character
of the country to which they proposed to emi-
grate; and, also, of the favorable disposition of
the Creeks (who were entitled to the country,
and with whom it was proposed they should
hereafter reside) to reunite with the Seminóles aa
one people.
The delegation visited the western country,
and, before their return, or having any commu-
nication with their tribe, on the 28th March,
1833, at Fort Gibson, signed articles with our
commissioners, by which they expressed them-
selves satisfied with the character of the country,
and of the favorable disposition of the Creeks to
unite with the Seminóles as one people. This,
on the face of it, with the exception of the change
of the word unite for reunite, is a literal declara-
tion of what was required by the treaty. But
was it a substantial compliance' Was it an act
of which, in good faith, we ought to avail our-
selves ' Is the complaint of the Indians with-
out cause' General Thompson, in his letter of
the 28th October, 1834, states it in their own
language:
" Jumper says they agreed at Payne's Landing to go and
examine the country, but they were not bound to move to
it until the nations should agree to it after the return of the
delegation "
The delegation were their confidential chiefs—
i the agents of the Seminóles; or, if you please,
| umpues, authorised to determine for them.    But
were not the Seminóles to be heard before them
as well as the United States'   They were not
heard.    The delegation went to visit the West,
and there, before returning to consult the Semi-
nóles, surrounded by the whites, signed their de-
termination.   The  Seminóles complained,  and
with justice, that the determination was made on
, an ex parte hearing.   On their return, the delega-
1 tion reported that they were satisfied with the
country, and the Creeks there.    But their objec-
tion was to the hostile disposition of the surround-
ing tribes—that they saw scalps brought in. They
were then told treaties would be made with the
hostile tribes, of which they would be informed.
Sir, they claimed a right to be heard before their
delegation made a final decision.
But this is not the most material part of the
i objection. A part of the condition was, that the
delegation should be satisfied with the disposition
of the Creeks—of the Creek nation to reunite with
them as one people. I now ask the attention of
the committee to the facts.
By a treaty concluded with the Creek nation
east of the Mississippi, on the 24th of March,
1832, almost cotemporaneous with the Seminole
treaty, the country west of the Mississippi was
secured to the Creek nation. The emigration
commenced; and it appears by a document an-
nexed to the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of February, 1834, that the whole num-
ber of the Creeks who had emigrated to the west
was only two thousand four hundred and fifty-
nine; while the number remaining east was twen-
ty-two thousand six hundred and thirty-eight.
The assent of the delegation to the supplemental
treaty, declaring themselves satisfied, was yielded
on the 28th March, 1833; they had, therefore,
consulted only this small portion west. This
was known to our commissioners at the time, and
to our Government before the ratification of the
treaty. This is no technical ground of objection.
But a consequence resulted that formed a sub-
stantial reason why the Seminóles should decline
to emigrate.
While a component part of the Creek nationf
