57G
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
24th Co.\g....1st Sess.
Indian Annuities—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
United States to ratify it' The s.gning the sup-
plemental articles, then, did not make it binding
on us oi them.
3J. " As no Material change of circumstances
is suggested." And «ho was there to suggest
its It was an ex paite hearing. The Seminóles
huí no di legation tlure to make suggestions.
The only thing bcfoie the Attorney Genual
scans to'liue been Geneial Eaton's letter and
the tieaty. But considenng this a tieaty between
two nations, admitting we have taken upon our-
selves to be oui own interpretéis on questions of
construction, are we entitled also to take upon
ouiselvts to be the exclusive judges of the situa-
tion of the Seminóles? fiad not they at least an
equal right to judge of their own condition ?
They ctrtaiuly had the best means of judging.
They required no suggestions. They had this
right; they exercised it; and of their determin-
ation we were informed before the ratification of
the treaty—so well informed of it that, as I shall
uhow hereafter, it was then in contemplation that
it might be necessary to use force to compel its
execution.
Mr. Chairman, I have not yet done with the
opinion of the Attorney General. I shall now
rely upon it as an authority to show that the
treaty was not obligatory upon the Seminóles.
I shall show that " a material change of circum-
stances," connected with the question of removal,
had actually occurred during the period which
elapsed between the signing and ratification of the
treaty.
What, sir, was the situation, or rather, what
were the " circumstances" of the Seminóles when
this treaty was signed ? They were living sepa-
rate from the Creeks; they had had, from 1802
up to that time, a period of thirty years' undis-
turbed possession of the negroes taken by them i
from the citiztns of Georgia.   The claim of the i
Eeople of Georgia was quieted by the Creek treaty ¡
efore mentioned, of 1821. Since that time, the
Creeks had set up no claim to them. No objec-
tion against the reunion of the Creeks and Semi-
nóles, according to theirformercondition,existed,
or was known to exist, on the part of the Creeks.
Under this state of things the treaty was signed;
and it was signed on the basis of the continuance
of this state of things, that the Seminóles should,
as a separate band be reunited to, and form a
component part of the Creek nation, as one peo-
ple. But what was the situation of the Semi-
nóles? What were their " circumstances" when
the treaty was ratified, April 8, 1834? In the
mean time, two material circumstances, or rather,
a change of two material circumstances, had oc-
curred:
1.   The Creeks had set up a claim to the negroes
and their descendants, taken by the Seminóles
from the people of Georgia prior to 1802, under
the pretense that, on the payment of the $250,000
under the treaty of 1821, they became the prop-
erty of the Creek nation, of which the Seminole
band was a part. This has been already suffi-
ciently explained. To the Seminóles it was no
consolation that the claim was unjust; for
2.   The Creeks east had refused to sanction the
agreement of the Cieeks west, allowing to the
Seminóles a separate location. This was, in ef-
fect, a refusal on the part of the Creeks to reunite
with the Seminóles. No, sir, they would not re-
unite, but insisted on an amalgamation. It was
certain that an amalgamation would subject this
claim to the decision of the Creek council, from
which the Seminóles had nothing to hope. Sir,
this was no pretense. The objection was taken
in good faith. You have the opinion of General
Eaton that it was the essential cause of their un-
willingness to go at all.
The materiality of this change of circumstances
is manifest; it was the essential cause of the re-
luctance of the Seminóles to emigrate. In fine,
it rendered the execution of the treaty imprac-
ticable, consistently with the just rights of the
Seminóles; and had it existed at the date of the
treaty, that treaty would not have been made.
These objections were communicated to our
Government, as I have before stated, prior to the
ratification of the treaty; and so important were
they then deemed, that General Thompson, in
his report of the 1st of January, 1834, recom-
mended " the policy of conclusively quieting the
Credi claims, so as to leave those Indians (the
Seminóles) forever at rest upon the subject."
I will here remade, that General Thompson,
in a subsequent letter, suggests a doubt as to the
constiuction of the treaty of 1832, whether it
gave to the Seminóles the right toa separate loca-
tion, or obliged them to amalgamate. Hega\e
to it the former construction, though he thought
it susceptible of the latter. But we shall be
placed in this dilemma: if the latter construction
be adopted, the location was void, as made con-
trary to the treaty; if the former, then we are
met by the refusal of the Creeks east; and in both
we aie met by the fact of a material change of
circumstances between the signing and the rati-
fication.
On the case now made, I claim the authority
of the opinion of the Attorney General as de-
cisive against the validity of the treaty—" unless,
by some act since its ratification, they have rec-
ognized and affirmed its validity." But the Sec-
retary of War, in his communication of the 25th
of May, this day laid on our tables, takes a new
ground, with a view of making a case within
this exception. I did not expect it; yet I am
prepared to meet it. Referring to a transaction
of the 23d of April, 1835, he says:
" In obedience to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 21st instant, I have the honor to state that
this Department has not received any information since my
report ol the 9th of February, to the Senate, in answer to
their resolution of February 3d, showing the causes that
induced the Seminole Indians to commence hostilities, so
far as they were known here. The abstract is contained in
the report I have the honor to inclose ; and I beg leave, in
addition, to state that it will appear, by reference thereto,
and to the document submitted with it to the Senate, that
the complaints of the Seminole Indians were investigated
by General Clinch, General Thompson, and Lieutenant
Harris ; and that, on a full consideration of the whole mat-
ter in open council, an arrangement was made to the mu-
tual satisfaction of the parties, which was in the following
terms:
"We, the undersigned chiefs and sub-chiefs of the Semi-
nole tribe of Indians, do hereby, for ourselves and for our
people, voluntarily acknowledge the validity of the treaty
between the United States and the Seminole nation of In-
dians, made and concluded at Payne's Landing, on the
Ocklewaha river, on the 9th of May, 1832, and the treaty
between the United States and the Seminole nation of In-
dians, made and concluded at Fort Gibson, on the 28th day
of March, 1833, by Montford Stokes, H. L. Ellsworth, and
I J. F. Schermerhorn, commissioners on the part of the
United States, and the delegates of the said nation of Sem-
inole Indians on the part of the said nation; and we, the
I said chiefs and sub chiefs, do, for ourselves and for our
i people, freely and fully assent to the above recited treaties,
in all their provisions and stipulations.
" Done m council at the Seminole agency, this 23d day
of April, 1835."   [Signed by sixteen chiefs and sub-chiefs.]
When I said that the Secretary had taken a
new ground, I did not mean to be understood that
these articles were now for the first time pub-
lished; they were inserted in the answer to the
call of the Senate of the 9th February. But this
is the first declaration, in form, that they were
relied on by the Executive as a confirmation of
the treaty, or that any obligation whatever was
intended to be inferred from them.
Passing by the question whether this act, on
the face of it, committed the Seminole tribe, I
will now proceed to state to the committee the
circumstances under which it was executed; and
here, too, I shall confine myself to our own story,
as recorded in the War Office.
On the 22d April, 1835, a council of the Semi-
nole chiefs was assembled by General Clinch
and Captain Harris, of the Army, and General
Thompson, the removing agent. Prior to this
they had been informed of the determination of
the Seminóles, with few exceptions, not to exe-
cute the treaty; and orders had been given to
General Clinch to execute it by military force.
An account of the proceedings at this council is
given in the joint letter of the 24th of April.
On the first day of the council General Clinch
said to the Seminóles—
" The time of expostulation had passed; that, already,
toomucb had been said,and nothing had been done: that the
influence of the agents of Government, their powers of per-
suasion and argument, had been exhausted, both in public
councils and in private interviews, to induce them to do
right; that we had lingered long enough in the performance
of our duties to have avert, d, had they been willing, the
evil  that threatened their foolish resistance to the fulfill-
ment of pledges solemnly made by them; and that now it
was time to act. He had been sent here to enforce the
treaty; he had warriors enough to do it; and he would do it.
It was the question now, whether they would go of their
own accord, or go by force."
With this, they were told they might depart;
and until morning was given them to think upon
what had been said.
" In the course of the morning, eight principal chiels gave
then assent to abide by the stipulations of the treatj ; five
remained opposed to it "
Micanopy was absent.
" General Thompson had upon the first intimation, in the
couiiLil ot (/i(a day, ol further resistance on the pan of the
chiefs, di m.indtd of the chi< f Juiupei ulittlioi Micanopy
(bv whom he knew the movements of a number ot them to
be coutrolled) intended to nbide by the treaty or not' And
when Jumper finally confessed that he was authorized to
say that Micanopy did not, hi' (Thompson) promptly de-
clared that he no lonirer considered Micanopy a chief; that
his name should be struck from the council of the nation;
that he should treat all who acted like him in the like man-
nei ; and that he would neither acknowledge nor do busi-
ness with him or with any other, as a chief, who did not
honestlv comply with the terms of his engagements • that
the door was, however, still open to them, if they wished
to act honestly.
'' In consequence of this, the names of the five opposing
chiefs [Micanopy not present] were struck from the council
of the nation "
All this preceded the signing of the agreement;
and under this threat and this act the articles were
signed. If an enemy be in arms, force may compel
the conquered to submit to any terms the conqueror
may dictate; but, sir, what can be said of this as
a transaction between a civilized—a powerful na-
tion—and a small band of Indians, with whom
we were at peace, and who then dared to claim
what they now dare to defend? Sir, between
civilized nations it could not exista moment. But
what do you think the Government said of-this
transaction ? They rebuked their agent for break-
ing the five chiefs; they acknowledged that the
assent of the chiefs to the articles was the effect
of the menace. But what was said of that menace?
I will not rely on witnesses; I shall sustain myself
only by the record; and here it is. The acting
Secretary of War, on the 20th of May, 1835, in
reply to it, says:
" From your report, it appears that eight of the pnncipal
chiefs have signified, in writing, their determination to
abide by all the stipulations of the treaties of Payne's
Landing and Fort Gibson, and that five of the principal
chiefs refused to acknowledge them. The assent of the
chiefs is to be attributed, it would seem, to the declaration
of General Clinch—that, if they declined to remove volun-
tarily, they would be removed by force. The President
approves of this declaration, upon a full consideration of
the circumstances under which it was made."
And what are those circumstances ?
"The Seminóles had trifled sufficiently long with the
most solemn treaty obligation, to which they had, in the
first instance, acceded, with a full understanding of their
character, and the consequences of which they had had,
during three years, full opportunity to perceive and appre-
ciate."
And this is not all. Mr. Thompson, in his
letter of the 18th June, in reply, states that this
declaration had been before repeated, under the
authority of the Department. Such was the
arrangement in open council, which, it is alleged,
was made to the mutual satisfaction of the parties!
II. That the Government has attempted to
enforce the treaty in violation of its own con-
struction.
The construction to which I refer is contained
in the Attorney General's opinion—that the Sem-
inóles were to be removed in the years 1835,
1836, and 183Í, instead of the years stipulated in
the treaty. In violation of this construction, the
Government have insisted to the Seminóles that
they should all remove in the year 1835. General
Thompson, in his letter of the 28th October, 1834,
states that he told the Seminóles, " I have come
from the President to tell you"—" that you must
prepare to remove by the time the cold weather
of the winter shall have passed away." The
proposition was general. No intimation _was
given that they were to be allowed a longer time.
In accordance with the principles of the sub-
sequent opinion of the Attorney General, the
Secretary of War wrote to General Thompson,
distinctly stating that the part of the Seminóles
required by the treaty to remove in 1833 should
remove in 1835; and the plain inference from this
letter was, that the remainder should remove in
1836-37. General Thompson, in his letter of the
28th December, states that this letter was read in
council to the Seminóles. But how was it under-
stood by the Seminóles ? Was it made the basis
of any proposition ? No, sir; the language to
them was the same as had been held to them J£
