1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Indian Annuities—Mr. Everett.
Ho. ov Reps.
October. He says, that in council " I read your
sp"t<-h, t xplaineu it, and enfoieed it by such con-
siderations as occuired to me; of which, how-
ever, my talk to them in October last may, in
substance, be considered a transcript. I repeated
■what I had told them before, that they would be
compelled bv t.irce to remove, if they did not do
so willingly," Ac. In his letter of the 27th Jan-
uary following, he states, "1 have heietofoie
[  hen } submitted to the Secretary of Wai some
reasons why the Indians should be removed all
at the same time, by water." And finally, on the
9th of March, General Clinch state* to the Adju-
tant General, " In all the communications I have
had with the chiefs, I have held out the idea
that, as the three years stipulated in the treaty
were about expiring, the whole nation would be
required to remove this spring."
The President's talk of the 16th of February,
1S3Ó, is also in accordance with the opinion of
the Attorney General, that the Seminóles were
entitled to tlie years 1835, 1836, 1837, in which
to remove.
It appears, from the joint letter of Clinch,
Thompson, and Harris, of the 24th April, 1835,
that this talk was read in council on the 22d.
And how, too, was this understood by the Semi-
nóles- Was it made the basis of any proposi-
tion ' It was not. This, sir, is the proper place
to notice the residue of the statement of the Sec-
retar) of War of the 25th May last—that " the
officers charged with the arrangement of this
affair, [the arrangement of the 23d of April,
l"-35,) then made an agreement with the Indians,
by which they were all to be removed during the
succeeding January. These proceedings were
approved by the President, and the matter was
considered as definitely and satisfactorily ar-
ranged;" and that "whatever they [the objec-
tions to removal] were, the above agreement put
an end to them, and left to the Seminóles but
one course to pursue, which was an entire removal
in January, 1836."
The committee will call to mind'the occurrences
in the council of the 22d and 23d of April, when
it is alleged this agreement was made. It opened
with the declaration of General Clinch, that
" now was the time to act; that he had been sent
here to enforce the treaty; that he had warriors
enough to do it, and he would do it. It was the
question now, whether they would go of their
own accord, or go by force. That, until morn-
ing, time was given them to think of it; that, in
the morning, the names of five opposing chiefs
«ere stricken from the council of the nation; and
that, under this menace of instant force, the eight
chufa signed what has been called " the arrange-
ment to the mutual satisfaction of both parlies."
This arrangement purported merely to be an
a<=stnt to the stipulation of the treaty. It was
silent as to the time of removal. From what,
then, is the assent of the chiefs to remove in Jan-
uary inferred :    I again refer to our own story:
'•The friendly chiefs, whilst assenting to go, begged they
might not b  hurried anv ; they did not expect to go this
rear; thf «et^in was far advanced, and they wanted time
to gather their crops, and settle their little business "
Sir, they begged for a reprieve from the imme-
diate execution of the sentence, and that reprieve
was granted.    The letter states:
" Under these circumstances, we deemed it our duty to
say to the friendly ctuefs that we would give their people
until the first of December to reap their crops, and to com-
plete their preparations , but that, as soon after that tune
as we could make ourselves ready, every Indian m Florida
would be ttartei upon kit journey to the new country "
Such is the agreement which it is now insisted
putan end to the objections of the Indians to their
removal, and left them but one course to adopt—
an entire removal in January, 1836 If the prop-
osition was ever made by our agent for a removal
in 1835-36-37, other than I have stated, I have not
been able to find the record of it
III. The Government have attempted to exe-
cute the treaty by an act of war, before any act
of hostility was committed by the Seminóles.
On examining the correspondence, I find that
themenaceof force has accompanied all our over-
tures, even prior to the ratification of-the treaty.
On the 21st of February, 1834, the Secretary of
War, in a letter to Governor Duval, uses this lan-
guage :
"TheGoverument use  no compulsion with the Indians.
it is left to their free choice, in the fir-t case, to go or stay; '
hut. alter tint i liniroi-,tullv ind free lvm.ide,anil the\ have I
ubhgittd them-el\e> to r< u.ove, tne G ivirnmcnt will em
ploy the m ci^-arj meagre-, to entorce their runoval "       |
In the council of the 23d of April, the Seminóles
were told, "You must go to the West; your
father the President vv ill compel you to go.*' The
talk of the Secretary of War of the 22(1 Novem-
ber, 1834, says, " The President has directed a
body of soldiers to be sent into your country "
ThisleUt rwas preceded by Guiei ilThompson's
letter, (of the 28th October,) saying that " n full
view of all the circumstances leaves me without
doubt that these deluded people are determined
to íesist the execution of the treaty."
On the 24th November, 1834, orders were given
to march troops to Forts Biooke nnd King, and
for General Clinch to cooperate with them.
On the 28th December, General Thompson says
that, at the council of the 26th, " I repeated what
I had told them before, that they would be com-
pelled by force to remove, should they not do so
willingly."
On the 27th of January, 1835, General Thomp-
son suggested to the Department that the military
force in Florida was insufficient.
In the President's talk of the 16th February,
1835, the Indians were told, " I have ordered a
large military force to be sent among you," &c ,
&c. "Listen to the voice of fnendship—you
will go quietly; but should you listen to bad buds
that are flying about you, and refuse to remove,
I have then directed the commanding officer to
remove you by force.    This will be done," &c.
On the 8th March, Governor Eaton requested
General Clinch to delay the execution of the
orders until he should receive an answer to his
letter to the Secretary of War of that date.
On the 26th March, the Attorney General gave
his opinion; and on the 14th of April the Secre-
tary of War wrote to General Clinch:
" If they [the Seminóles] all be willing to remove tins
year, it will certainly be better to remove them; but, in that
cast, let a written agreement be drawn up, stating the rea-
sons of the delay, their entire readiness to remove bv the
tune, and go in a body, and by such route as you and Gen-
eral Thompson shall think best for them, and most econom
ical to the Government But if they are opposed to this,
and will generally agree quietly lo remove by the 1st of
March, or as soon as arrangements on be made, thev may
be suffered to remain until that time. Should the Semi-
nóles, however, peremptorily decline to pledge themselves
peaceably to remove next season, you will then proceed to
carry into effect the instructions heretofore given "
This order produced the menace of Clinch, in
the council of the 22d of Apnl, " that he had
warriors enough," &c, &c.
On the 20th May, the Secretary of War, in
reply to their joint letter of the 24th, wrote to
Thompson, Clinch, and Harris, (referring to the
letter above, of the 14th of April;:
" If, as stated in that letter, the Indians will generally
agree quietly to remove by the time you have designated,
and will signify their agreement in writing in the manner
therein pointed out, no objections will be made to the post-
ponement But the Indians must understand that their
removal will be enforced in conformity with the treaty."
About the 3d of June, Powell, (Oceola,) one of
the most bold, daring, and intrepid chiefs in his
nation, on account of his insolence, was put in
irons—put an Indian chief in irons ' On his re-
lease, he appeared friendly. Who that knows
the Indian character could rely on such appear-
ance?
The next unfortunate occurrence was on the
18th June, when seven white men, meeting five
Indians, took away their rifles, flogged four of
them with cowhides, and, other Indians coming
to their relief, a fight ensued, in which three
' white men were wounded, and one Indian was
killed. Our officer demanded thelndianoggiissors,
| and, what is more extraordinary, they were de-
livered up.
On the 11th of August, the Seminóles killed a
soldier, while carrying the mail, in retaliation for
the Indian killed by the whites, and declared
, themselves satisfied.    This was regarded in its
j proper light by our officer—as a mere act of re-
taliation.
I     On the 3Uth of November, the Seminóles killed
1 one of their chiefs, who had been friendly to
I their emigration; and immediately all the friendly
j Indians, to the number of four or five hundred,
i fled to Fort Brooke for protection.  This act was
, deemed decisive that the Indians would resist
their removal by force. It was now, sir, no longer
a question of menace. It was a question of war—
of the employing a military force to execute a
treaty. I chaiactenze the act by the term applied
to it by General Eaton in advance. In his letter
of the 8th of March he says, in reference to the
execution of the tieaty, " the employing a mili-
tary foice will be an act of tca>, and," further,
" the Indians will embody and fight in their de-
fense." Our mihtai y foice, consisting of twelve
companies, immediately concentrated; and, on
the 23d, a corps of two hundred men attempted
to maich through what might then be called the
enemi/'s county. Thus, we had marched a mili-
tary force into their country, for the puipose, re-
peatedly declaied to the Seminóles, of removing
them by force; and thus was the act of war com-
pleted before a single hostile act was committed
by the Seminóles. The Seminóles, fulfilling the
piediction of General Eaton, "embodied and
fought in their defense," and the fate of the un-
fortunate Dade was told by only three of his men.
Here I leave the war at its commencement. How
the battle has fared since, I leave to others to say.
It is proper, however, and it is just, to say that
the Administiation here must necessarily judge
of the state of things in Flouda through the rep-
resentations of their agents on the spot; that,
fiom the fiist question of the execution of the
treaty, all our officers and agents there stiongly
recommended the execution of the treaty by a
military force; and, so far as it was intended to
produce an effect as a menace, though a policy
of a doubtful character, it might, in a just cause,
be excused, if not justified. But if the question
I have asked, Is our quarrel just > be answered
in the negative, we must stand as the aggressors,
without cause and without justification.
But take it for granted that the treaty was oblig-
atory, and that we had only insisted on its just
execution; the question then arises, has the Ex-
ecutive the power to execute a tiealy by an act
of war' It is the duty of the President to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed, but by
such means, and by such only, as the Constitu-
tion or the laws have provided. To Congress
it belongs to make all laws necessai y and pi oper
for the execution of the special grants conferred
on Congress, and of all other powers vested by
the Constitution in the Government of the United
States, or in any Department or officer thereof.
The execution of a treaty by foice, or attempting
to obtain satisfaction by force, is virtually an act
of war; and this power is vested in Congress
alone.
In regard to our own citizens, treaties are the
supreme law of the land, and are executed as
such-, but, as between the parties, they are mat-
ters of compact, in which each party judges for
itself, and seeks its remedies under the laws of
nations; and the exclusive right which we have
assumed to judge for both parties, defines our
power but not our right. This, however, cannot
change the character of treaties with the Indian
tribes, and reduce them from compacts to laws.
The action of the Executive, in the cases of the
Seminóles and the Creeks, though directly oppo-
site, is within the same principle. In the case of
the Seminóles, an attempt was made to execute
a tieaty by an act of war. In the case of the
Creeks, the attempt is to violate a tieaty by an
act of the same character.
I forbear to comment on a variety of minor con-
bideiations which may have had an influence in
favor of or against the voluntary removal of the
Seminóles, or in adding to the excitement pro-
ducedby theprincipal factsinthe case—thedesire
of the whites to retain or to purchase their slaves,
and to obtain their lands per fas aut nefas, operat-
ing on the one hand to obstruct their removal, and
on the other to induce their immediate removal
by force.
What, Mr. Chairman, maybe, if not the prob-
able, the possible effect of the adoption of the
amendment of the committee? It will be con-
sidered by the Executive as an authority, as a
warrant for the removal of the whole Creek na-
tion by force. Is there not danger that it may
excite the whole nation, or a large portion, to
make common cause with the Seminóles' They
will take courage from their success. They will,
to use the language of General Eaton, " take up
No. 37
