580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 25,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hard.
Ho. of Reps.
olution which they recommend. In general, or [
in m iny rases, this confidence would not be mis-
nhced Your committees aie, or ought to be, the
faithful oigans of the House in ananging facts,
and collecting information on the subjects sub-
mitted to them. In ctses of contested elections,
they aft--is your judicial commissioner'', sent out
to inqaue of the truth of the matter of the peti-
tions, and th  evidence connected with it. When
the repoit is mule, tt carnes upon its face the
chnin~ter of a high and authoi native document,
and, as such, si oulJ always set forth, clenily,
truly, and in (udicial order, a history of their in-
quiries, so far as to embrace the points decided,
and the law and the facts upon which the repoit
is founded. If u do this, it will furnish every
member with a buef, upon which he can found
his own arguments, and from which he can draw
his own conclusions, without being compelled to
travel through the whole case. The committee
who brought in the report before you were in pos-
session of a few legal points upon which the whole
case turned, and upon which distinctive decisions
were made in committee; and yet, sir, I have
searched this report in vain for a clear statement
of these points, or the decisions made upon them.
On the contrary, I find some misstatements of some
of the decisions made there. In saying tin*, I
trust I shall not be understood as imputing im-
proper motives to the majority of the committee,
or a single member of it. Such misstatement
could not have otheiwise arisen than through in-
advertence and haste. I know, by personal knowl-
edge, that the labor of the whole committee was
perplexing. A mass of testimony was thrown
before them, consisting of depositions, hastily
drawn up, in manuscript form, embracing the affi-
davits of various persons to the same fact, scat-
tered through evei y part of the voluminous mass,
from which, to collect, arrange, and apply to their
appropriate subject each class of testimony, re-
quired the greatest care and patience. It could
not have been expected, therefore, that clear, sat-
isfactory, and intelligible conclusions could be
attained without much toil and careful examina-
tion. How, then, sir, can it be hoped, without
such a clear statement of the histoiy of their de-
liberations, that this House in three days' time,
can arrive at truth which it has cost the committee
three months'labor to discover' What is the con-
clusion which the majority have reported ' Why,
that the sitting member is not entitled to Ins seat;
and the petitioner is entitled to his seat. What
reason do they assign for this conclusion ' That
nineteen illegal votes are given for the sitting
member which should be deducted from his poll,
and that six legal vote? were tendered for the peti-
tioner, and rejected by the judges, and that three
votes had been wrongfully strucit off fiom the
Henderson polls. Have they told us upon what
law or authority these votes are declared illegal'
Have they refei red you to, or stated the evidence
that established these facts' They have, indeed,
referred you to the mass of documents before you.
They have left you to hunt up your own proof,
and then we are called upon to decide in three
days, or the previous question shall be sprung
upon us, when we shall be called upon to adopt
these conclusions in gross, and adopt them, too,
" by faith and not by sight." Let us briefly ex-
amine the report before us.
The committee have said, in the majority re-
port, that the sitting member had made an objec-
tion to the depositions as inadmissible evidence
of the facts stated in them; that the question was
taken up and considered; that "the committee,
being of opinion that the depositions were taken
according to the laws of North Carolina upon the
subject of contested elections, and there being no
laws of Congress on the subject, and the usuge
being well established to allow depositions to be
read which had been taken and sworn to accord-
ing to the laws of the State where the election
had been held, decided they should be received."
In this short statement there are a number of
errors and deficiencies which, in what purports
to be a documentary history of the proceedings
in committee, are calculated to blind and mislead
the House in arming at the truth of the point in
issue. In attempting to state here the objections
raised by the sitting member to the admission of
the depositions before us, the report is entirely
silent on the important point. The principal
reason assigned by the sitting member for te- I
jecting the depositions was, not that they were
inadmissible evidence of the facts stated in them,
but that they had been taken in pursuance of
notices insufficient and defective. The objection
went to the validity oj the pi oceedins;* in taking the
evidence, not to the legality of the evidence itself.
The repoit presents to the House an issue quite
different fiom that tried in committee It states
a point on which the committee were unanimous,
and has altogether omitted the main point The
strong objection which was brought against the
proceedings was, that the notices which the peti-
tioner seived on the sitting member for taking
the depositions were defective in form and sub-
stance, viz: they did not give him time enough;
they neither set faith the nama of the witnesses
who were to be examined, noi did they set forth
the names and residence of the electors whose votes
were to be excluded, nor their pmticxdar disqual-
ifications. These were important points in the
case, they laid the foundation of all that pro-
tracted controversy about further time which
occupied so much of the time of the committee,
and which has so long detained the House.
The repoit continues- "The committee were
of opinion that, as the depositions weie taken in
conformity to the laws of North Carolina upon
the subject of contested elections, and there being
no laws of Congiess on the subject," &c. Now,
sir, what are the laws of Noith Carolina, con-
formably to which these depositions weie taken'
All the laws of North Carolina, which regulate
the forms of proceedings in cases of contested
elections are compnsed in one section, (Laws
North Carolina, Vol. 2, p. 826,) which reads
thus:
" That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall not
bo lawful for any per on to v lcate the «eat ot iinj member
of the General Lísscm'iíi; who ln> taken Ins -e it in conse-
quence ot the return of the sheriff ot his countv certityin;
that he is duly elected, unless the per-on or persons who
mav mt< ml 10 dispute such election «hall give to the mem
b r or member-n lionet lection he or tin v intend to dispute,
thirtv davs' notice, prior to the meeting ot the G nernl A«
sembly, of such Ins intention with the grounds upon which
I the same will be disputed , and the «amp notici of the lime
' and place, now required in taking depo ltioiib it law, shill
al-o b" required and pro\< n on «uch liive-tisation. and all
' affidavits taken without due notice as afore-mul, «hall be
dtt med improper evidence, and not suffered to be read in
such inve-tigation "                                                           |
While this section prescribe* the length of time
the notice shall allow, which, by referring to
other laws of North Caiohna, we find is ten days,
it is wholly silent as to those forms referred to in
the objections of the sitting member. Where,
then, are we to look for guides in regulating the
forms and substance of these proceedings ' Why,
sir, I suppose, in the absence of any other ex-
press provisions, all will agree that we must look
to this House for laws.
But the report informs us there are no laws of
Congress. In one sense of the term law this is
true; but in the other more material and import-
ant sense it is not true It is true that Congress
has no legislative existing law on these subjects,
but it is not true that it has no law of its own,
growing out of its parliamentary practice. This
House has a number of adjudicated cases, which
have arisen during the different periods of its
history, in which these questions of specifications
have been discussed anil settled on a firm and
uniform pi inciple, viz: that, before any testimony
shall be taken to disqualify any elector that has
given his vote, the name and residence of such
elector, with the pailicular disqualification, shall
be inserted in the notice, and served on the return
member.
As early as the year 1796, in the case of Var-
num, this House took the first step towards
settling the forms it would require in notices for
taking depositions in such cases. In that case
(Clarke and Hall, page 112) the petitioner prayed
the House to vacate the seat of Varnum, on the
ground of illegality of certain votes given to the
sitting member. It alleged that certain persons
voted for him by proxy. The petitioner did not
set forth the names of the electors who voted by
proxy; the committee to whom the matter of the
petition was referred, applied to the House for
instruction as to what kind of specifications were
necessary to put the sitting member upon his
answer.    They reported the follow in  resolu-
tion-
" Resolten, That the allegation of Aaron Brown  [the
petitioner] as to per-ons not qualified to vote. is not «tiffi
c icntlv certain, and that the names of the persons ohjtcterl
to for uant of sufficient qualifications ou°ht to le set Joith
prior to the time of taking testimony "
The repoit of this case comes to us in a foim
so meager, that it does not give the final action
of the House upon this resolution, but the sequel
affords us a piesumptton that it was sustained,
as the petitioner failed to sustain his petition, and
the sitting member íetained his seat. This was
among the earliest efforts of this House to estab-
lish íules of steady and uniform application in
the mode of conducting contested cases. Since
this decision, the principle has been adhered to
as a fixed and unwavering rule, fiom which it
has not permitted a solitary depaiture.
A number of other cases might be cited to the
same point weie it necessary, as the cases of
Eaton vi. Scott, Ruthford vs Morgan, and Bid-
die vs. Richaids. With these cases befoie us,
with what propriety can we say that Congress
has no law to íegulate such pioceedings' By
oveilooking these pi inciples, the committee were
led to a decision by which the sitting member
was deprived of his legal and unquestionable
right to an extension of time to prepaie himself
for hib defense. It was one of the mostunfoi-
tunate decisions to the sitting member that has
been made in the whole case, and involves the
greatest injustice, and yet nothing of it appears
in the report.
But, su, theie is another misstatement, unin-
tentional, no doubt, in the repoi t, which has had
a tendency to embarrass investigation, and pro-
duce injustice to the sitting member. The report
proceeds to give the views of the committee on
the application of the sitting member for further
time. After the committee had overiultd the
objections as to the informality of the proceed-
ings, he applied for fuither time to take his de-
fensive evidence. This application was denied
by a majority of the committee, and they say
" they could find no precedent in which an appli-
cation of a similai kind, if made at an eaiher
period, had been granted." It has been my good
fortune to have found, among the reponed cases
of this House, five or six decisions where an
extension of time was allowed on grounds much
less meritorious than the present, and that, too,
where the application was made at a much later
period than the piesent. In some cases two, and
in others three months, have been allowed the
parties for collecting evidence after the committee
had commenced the examination; while, in some
cases, they have been allowed a whole vacation,
where good cause was shown. Applications for
fuither time, in these cases, aie analogous to
motions to postpone a trial at law for the ab-
sence of material witnesses; it is addiessed to
the discretion of the court, and, on reasonable
cause shown, is seldom denied. The only differ-
ence that I can perceive between the two cases
is, the case befoie us presents the stronger claim.
We are sitting here endeavoring to purge the
polls of illegal votes, and it would ill become us,
as judges, to shut out light, or withhold evidence.
The sitting member should have been allowed
further time.
The next error in the report is contained in
that part which professes to state the circum-
stances connected with the three votes which the
judges at Asheville deducted from the petitioner's
polls. The report wholly fails to afford us the
law or the facts in the case. The committee (the
majority) content themselves by giving a negative
reason why the judges ought not to have made
the deduction. They do not tell what was, but
what was not the law of North Carolina, and are
wholly silent about the facts. That the House
may perceive the mystery which the report
throws over the case, I beg to give a brief sketch
of that transaction, and the law of North Caro-
lina upon which these proceedings were had.
By the laws of North Carolina, one of the
qualifications of a legal voter is actual residence
m the county where he resides, as I have before
stated, (2 sec, 2 vol. N. C. L., p. 1224.) At
the Henderson precincts, in Buncombe county,
three persons presented themselves at the polls,
and tendered their votes.   They resided in Van-
