582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Arkansas—Mr. Hard.
Ho. op Reps.
words, that the sitting member has a majority of
the leiral votes of the twelfth congressional dis-
trict of North Carolina; and if we refuse them,
and thereby the sitting member loses his seat, we
do nothing less than take the election from the
people, and control it in this House. Sir, North
Carolina will never submit to it. She is too
jealous of her State rights. She is too republican
to submit patiently to so high and flagrant an
assumption of unauthorized power. It would be
establishing a precedent in this House that would
strike at the root of the right of free and unre-
strained elections. This evidence must be ad-
mitted; we dare not reject it.
Among the reasons that have been assigned
why these depositions should not be admitted,
negligence on the part of the sitting member, in
not collecting his evidence in season, forms a
prominent one; he is said to have waived his
right by gross delay. With a view of testing
the soundness of these reasons, and of exposing
the great injustice of the charge, I must tax the
patience of the House with a brief statement of
the proceedings in the case before it reached the
committee.
The election for members of Congress was held
in North Carolina on the 13th day of August last,
when, of all the votes given in the district, the
sitting member received seven more than the pe-
titioner. On the 2d day of October thereafter, the
latter served the former with a notice of his inien-
tions to contest his election, without inserting the
names of witnesses, or names or residences of the
voters challenged.    On the 19th, he followed this
notice with another, apprising the sitting member
that,on the 29th, he should take the depositions of
" James D. Justin and others," at Asheville, in
Buncombe county, a distance of forty miles.  The
same notice also apprised the sitting member that, ,
on the Saturday following, (the 31st,) he should j
take the depositions of individuals at Barnesville, |
in Yancey  county,  thirty-eight miles  further. !
They were detained at the first place two days, ex-
amining their witnesses, which brought them to
the 31st, the day they were required to be at the
latter place.   On the 26th day of October, another
notice had been served for taking depositions at
Frontston precinct, in Mason county, on the 4th
day of November, one hundred and six miles from
Barnesville.    They were detained at Barnesville
three days taking depositions; this left them one
day to prepare and travel over a rough country, on
horseback, one hundred and six miles.    In this
same notice he was required, on the 7th, to appear
at another place in the same county, and on the
9th, two days after, at Waynesville, Haywood
county, sixty-three miles.   In the same way were
these notices crowded upon him, until, from the
29th October, to the 30th of November, he was
summoned to attend the examination of witnesses
in twelve different places, at an average distance
from each other of sixty-three miles.   This would
allow the sitting member for travel, attendance,
and preparation, an average of two days and a
half; and yet he is charged with "negligence"
and gross delay, in not preparing himself before
the first day of the term for. trial.   Sir, in justice,
perhaps, to those gentlemen who charge delay in
this case, I ought in charity to say that the charge
has been inadvertently made, without due reflec-
tion, and with but a slight knowledge of the case.
All this time, from the service of the first notice
to the 2d day of December, the sitting member
was employed in cross-examining and resisting
the evidence of the petitioner, without an allow-
ance of a single day to take depositions in his
own defense, unless he chose to take them by a
forced employment of the time already preoccu-
Eied by the other party. The gentlemen who
ave debated this point, in estimating the time
actually allowed, have commenced with the 1st
of October, the day when the notice of intention
to contest the election was served. In this way
they have fallen into an error. This was simply
a notice of an intention to contest the seat. Al-
though, by the laws of North Carolina, such a
notice is made a prerequisite, it has never been
considered by this House the commencement of
judicial proceedings. It has been decided, in an
adjudicated ease arising in this House, that, al-
though such a previous notice indicated a dispo-
ñtíon to contest the scat, it did not evince a fixed
determination to do so, and that the returned
member was not bound to take any active meas-
ures of defense until some judicial notice, such as
to apprise him of taking depositions, was served,
or some other active and efficient step in the case.
In that case, it was very aptly remarked by the
committee who made the report, that " it was
very easy for a person to threaten such a contest,
though he never intended to prosecute;" that, in
such a case, " it would be injustice and folly to
require the sitting member to enter upon his de-
fense, and incur the expense and trouble of prep-
aration, under the bare possibility that the con-
test might be waged." If we adopt that princi-
ple here, which is but just and reasonable, then
must we adjudge the first judical proceedings to
have commenced on the 19th day of October.
But it is said if the notices did not afford suffi-
cient time for the parties to appear in person, they
ought to have employed   agents to appear for
them at places where they could not.  There is no
legal substance in this plea.  The employment of
an agent is a measure the sitting member might
adopt or not at his own option; it is not one that
the petitioner could dictate, either expressly or
by implication.   The law, indeed, recognizes but
does not creóte such agencies; in contemplation
of legal notices, every person is supposed to trans-
act his own business.    The right to employ an
agent in such cases is a personal privilege that
no law can either dictate or deny.    The true
question here is whether the sitting member was
allowed sufficient time to appear in his own per-
son at these several places to examine witnesses?
There is another manifest error, into which
some gentlemen who have discussed this ques-
tion of time have fallen, which should not be
overlooked.     It is said it would lead to an un-
sound and dangerous practice, if we were to per-
mit this evidence to come in, since it was taken
after the committee had decided that no other evi-
dence should be taken.   The error consists in a
misapprehension of the decision of the committee;
it was not that they would not receive any more
testimony, but that they would not suspend their ,
deliberations with a view of granting further time. If
their decision had said they would receive no more
evidence, it would have shut out some of the most
important depositions which the petitioner pro-
i duced.     These were received, considered, and
adopted after the decision denying further time
was made.     If these depositions had been re-
ceived before the report was made, I have no
doubt they would have been received.   Is there
any assignable reason why they might not as
, well be received now us then ?
The question was asked by one of the majority
of the committee, why the sitting member had
not applied to the House for further time in the
; first instance.    This question has come from a
quarter I should least have suspected.  Thatgen-
J tleman should have recollected that the sitting
; member submitted to the committee, at their first
I meeting, a preliminary question of great force,
\ which, if sustained, would have dismissed the
| whole case, and dispensed with the necessity of
! further time; that this question the committee had
under advisement until the 15th day of January
before they decided it.  When it was decided, he
applied to the committee for further time; about
the last of January they decided this question
against him; immediately after this, the 30th Jan- ;
uary, he gave his notices for taking depositions,
and these very depositions which he asks to be
allowed were taken under these notices.    Now,
what time had he to apply to the House, after
the decision of the committee was made, for fur-
ther time, that he did not improve in taking dep-
ositions.?   The question is a singular one, and,
coming from such a quarter, is calculated to mis- ¡
lead the House in relation to this question.           j
But, sir, L have detained the House much longer
than I intended to have done. I shall close my
remarks by saying, that the subject ought to be
committed to the Committee of the Whole, for
the reasons I have before intimated. This has
been the usual course. I have examined all the
cases which have been reported, and I cannot find
a solitary case where the report of the committee
was contested and djsputed, that the case has not
been committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.    In this case such a course is more espe- ¡
cially demanded, as the report is required to be
amended in very important matters of substance
and additional evidence is to be received and con-
sidered. Besides, such a course would better com-
port with the character in which the House is
acting—we are sitting here as judges, as a court
of appeal, and not as a legislative body.
ADMISSION OP ARKANSAS.                      '
REMARKS OF HOxV. GIDEON HARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 9, 1836,
On the bill for admitting Arkansas into the Union.
The constitution of Arkansas having been submitted to
Congress for its approval, containing in the ninth article,
the words, "The General Assembly shall have no power
to pass a law for the emancipation of slaves without the
consent of the owners," Mr. Adams proposed an amend-
ment to the bill admitting the State with that constitution,
in these words: " That nothing in this act shall be construed
as an assent by Congress to the article of the constitution
of the State relating to slavery and the emancipation of
slaves."
Mr. HARD rose to oppose the bill and advo-
cate the amendment; but said, as the committee
had been in session twenty hours, and every mem-
ber must feel seriously the fatigue of this long
session, and as the bill had been taken up for con-
sideration since twelve o'clock at night, he hoped
the committee would rise to enable those who
wished to give their views of the measure an op-
portunity to examine more carefully the bill and
other papers and documents connected with it.
The committee refusing to rise by a large ma-
jority,
Mr. H. proceeded: I am unable to perceive any
good reason why this important measure should
be thus recklessly pushed through amidst dark-
ness, fatigue, and confusion, or why gentlemen
should be summoned from their beds at this un-
seasonable hour, and compelled to give their votes
upon the bill without time or opportunity for ex-
amination or reflection. Is it matter of no moment
to us or the American people that we are about
to add one more State to this Union? Does it
afford no rebuke to inconsiderate haste that this
bill adds one star more to the constellation of our
confederated republics? Do not the safety of the
Constitution, the defense of civil liberty, and the
cause of humanity itself, require reflection and
consideration, before we pass this bill?
I have had no opportunity until since the bill
was taken up in committee of examining this case.
But the little acquaintance I have obtained with
the various matters connected with it, and the few
hours' reflection I have bestowed upon the con-
stitution of Arkansas, I am solemnly impressed
with the momentous character of the bill as a
measure vitally connected with the peace of the
Union and the harmony and political interests of
the nation.
Sir, the decision we make upon this bill will
carry with it the interesting result of conferring
liberty or perpetuating slavery to millions of
human beings yet unborn. Yes, sir, the decision
we make this morning with sleepless eyes and
debilitated bodies, will proclaim through your
Journals to the world and posterity whether the
Representatives of the people of this far-famed
Republic, the collected guardians of civil liberty
and the rights of man, have the virtue and patriot-
ism to defend and carry out the sound maxima
that form the true basis of this excellent form of
Government; or whether, for the sake of advanc-
ing the interest of a miserable partisan policy,
they will sacrifice both the honor and liberty of
their country, by entailing upon the freemen of a
sovereign State the interminable institution of
slavery.
Sir, we arc about to adopt a legislative ordi-
nance, which, when sanctioned by the proper
authorities, will pass from under our jurisdiction.
We can never reclaim it; the faith of the nation
will stand pledged to abide by it; and however
odious and dangerous it may prove to the har-
mony of the Union, we can never amend or re-
peal it.    So far as the faith and integrity, if not
