1836 J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.       ¡
REMARKS OF HON. G. N. BRIGGS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
June 15, 1836,
Upon the bill to fix the Northern Boundary of the State of
Ohio.
Mr. BRIGGS said, though the question as to
the boundary between Ohio and Michigan had
produced a great and protracted excitement be-
tween the parties interested,the whole matter, in
his opinion, turned upon a single point—all de-
pended upon the construction of a proviso in the
fifth fundamental article of the ordinance of 1787.
The subject had undergone the most learned and
elaborate discussion and investigation by com-
mittees in both Houses of Congress, and by gen-
tlemen representing the interests of Ohio and
Michigan. But a large portion of the labor had
been expended upon branches of the subject
which, in his view, were not necessary to enable
us to come to a correct decision of what he con-
sidered the main point in issue. He agreed with
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood,] that the true interpretation of the ordi-
nance of 1787 was the important thing to be ascer-
tained. That was the question. Mr. B. said he
was frank to declare, if he could surmount the
difficulty which he encountered in the ordinance
of 17i*7, as a matter of expediency, he would ¡rive
his assent to the line as claimed by Ohio. This
difficulty, however, he had not been able to master.
When he first read that ordinance with atten-
tion he was strongly impressed with the opinion
that the line running east and west through the
southerly bend of Lake Michigan was intended
by its framers to be an unalterable line between
the three States south of it, and the one or two
States which Congress might " think proper to
establish in that part of the territory" north of it.
Since then, he had read, with a good deal of care,
the reports and arguments on both sides, but
without weakening or changing his first opinion.
From a perusal of the whole of the fifth article
to which he had alluded, and looking to the lan-
guage of the proviso, which more immediately
relates to this boundary, it was made very clear,
indeed, to his mind that it was designed to be a
fixed and permanent boundary.
In that ordinance, it is said, "it is hereby or-
dained and declared, by the authority aforesaid,
that the following articles shall be considered as
articles of compact between the original States
and the people and States in the said Territory,
and/orrrer rttnain unalterable, unless by common
consent." Article fifth declares "there shall be
formed, in the said Territory, not less than three,
nor more than five States-, and the boundaries of
the said States, as soon as Virginia shall alter her
act of cession, and consent to the same, shall be-
come fixed and established, as follows." Then
follows a description of the boundaries of the
three Territories, since erected into the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, the northern bound-
ary of each of which is the territorial line between
the United States and Canada. " Provided, how-
ever, and it ¡3 further understood and declared,
that the boundaries of these three States shall be
subject to be so far altered, that if Congress shall
hereafter find it expedient, they shall have author-
ity to form one or two States in (hat part of the
said Territory which lies north of an east and west
line drawn through the southern bend or extreme
of Lake Michigan." No one has expressed a
doubt that the boundaries of the three States de-
scribed in this article, but for the power conferred
on Congress by the proviso, are among the things
declared* to be unalterable, " unless by common
consent." The proviso gives to Congress the
powr-r, if thry shall think it expedient, to alter
the boundaries of these three States. But how
to alter thfim? To what extent may these limits,
so particularly and carefully described, be changed
by the National Legislature? The language of
the proviso is clear and explicit on this point.
There would seem to be hardly room for a differ-
ence of opinion upon it. " The boundaries of
these States shall be subject to be so far altered,"
that Congress may, if they see fit, form one or
two States in that part of the said Territory which
lies north of an east and west line drawn through |
the southerly bend of Lake Michigan. Congress
has exercised their power under this clause by
saying that there shall be one or more States in
that part of the said Territory. Having thus
used the power, they can no further alter the
boundaries of the three States, than by fixing
their new northern limits where the proviso dT-
rects them to be fixed.
But it is argued that the power to form one or
two States in that part of the Territory north of
the line drawn through the southerly bend of
Lake Michigan, means that they may form one
or more States anyichere, in anypait of the Terri-
tory north of said line, and that they need not,
unless they choose, make that line the base or
southern boundary of the State or States so
formed. Is this the common sense, the obvious,
and the natural construction of the terms used?
It seems to me to be quite the reverse. The lan-
guage is not that Congress may form one or two
States in a part, or in any part of the Territory
named; but that they may form one or two States
in that part of the said Territory which lies north
of a given line. They can make no more than
two States, at any rate, in that Territory, and they
can no further alter the boundaries of the other
States, than by forming the one or two States in-
thai part of the Territory north of the said line.
The first clause of the fifth article, referring to
the whole Territory, declares there shallbe formed,
" in the said Territory, not less than three, nor
more than five States." Will it be contended
that the intention of this clause of that article
would have been complied with by forming five
States in apart of that whole Territory, excluding
from their limits a portion of it? Yet the phrase-
ology is precisely the same in the one case as it
is in the other. The true meaning, then, is, that
the one or two States shall be formed in all that
part of the Territory north of the designated line.
This appears to me to be the clear and plain
import and meaning of the language used. If
this is correct, it follows of necessity that by the
exercise of the power given under the proviso,
the northern boundaries of the three States are
so far altered as to be on the east and west line
running through the southerly bend of the lake,
instead of being on the territorial line between
the United States and Canada. Beyond this,
Congress cannot alter the boundaries of those
States without the common consent, because by
the ordinance these limits are declared to be
unalterable. By the bill under consideration,
Congress undertakes to establish a different
boundary for the northern part of Ohio from either
of those indicated in this ordinance, not only
without, but against, the consent of Michigan.
In doing this, I believe they transcend their
powers. Holding this opinion, I am constrained
to vote against the bill.
The bill for the admission of Michigan into
the Union, which has passed both Houses of
Congress, and only waits the signature of the
President to make it a law, contains the Fame
provision as to the northern boundary of Ohio
as the one before us. This is one of the reasons
which led me to oppose that measure by my vote.
There were, to be sure, other objections of great
weight; but this, standing alone, would have
been sufficient to have settled my opinion against
it. It is true there vas' a clause in that bill call-
ing on the people of Michigan to give their con-
sent to the boundary as therein established.
Upon that consent depends their admission into
the Union. This, in my view, is another highly
objectionable feature in that bill. Its incorpora-
tion is a palpable violation of the rights of the
people of that Territory. Acting under its in-
; fluence, they are, to all intents, in a state of moral
duress. You place the boundary between them
| and a neighboring State where, they say, you
have no authority to place it, without their con-
sent. They remonstrate against your act. Still
i you go on and do what they protest you have no
right to do, and tell them that unless they give
their assent to this violation of the compact, this
dismemberment of their Territory, they shall not
come into the Union, but remain in a state of
territorial bondage and dependence. Is this keep-
¡ ing the faith of the nation with the people of
Michigan according to the plain and obvious
meaning of the ordinance of 1787? If Congress
has the power and the right to fix the northern
boundary of the State of Ohio where she claims
it should be, and where the act of admission
fixes it, why require the people of Michigan to
give their assent to it as a condition of their ad-
mission ? If Congress has not this right without
the consent of the people of Michigan, where ia
the justice of the attempt to extort that consent
from them ? These, sir, are,in short, the reasons
which compel me to stand up, though in a small
minority, against the bill which you are about to
pass by an overwhelming majority.
But that majority, however large, cannot annul,
though they may violate, the sacred and unal-
terable ordinance of 1787; an ordinance that will
forever remain as a lofty monument of the wis-
dom and patriotism of its authors. The faith
which it pledges should never be tarnished by a
violation of its spirit, or an evasion of any of its
provisions.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. INGERSOLL,
OF   PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
May 24, 1836,
On the bill making appropriations far certain fortifications.
The House having resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole, for the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for certain fortifica-
tions—
Mr. INGERSOLL said:
If I were to consult my own inclination alone,
I would cheerfully yield the floor, which has been
awarded to me. The gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Hall,] who claims it with me, may rest
assured that no one could have been better satis-
fied, if he had chanced to gain the precedence,
than myself. But being in the lists, I am bound
to fight the battle of my constituents, at the haz-
ard even of abusing the almostexhaustedpatience
of the committee, and of disappointing or delaying
those who hear me in the enjoyment which they
have a right to expect, when I shall have finished
the few remarks I have to make. After the sev-
eral subjects of general interest involved in the
discussion have been debated by so many gen-
| tlemcn, and so much at length, I could scarcely
| hope, under any circumstances, to add materially
'■ to the stock of argument which has been accu-
mulated. But after a fatiguing session of many
hours, I shall receive especial credit for the assur-
¡ anee that I rise with much reluctance to occupy
even a small portion of the time which is still
allotted to the present debate. Its hours I know
are numbered; and the sun, which is now going
down in clouds, will not rise again until the la-
bors of this committee shall have closed.
Different measures are almost immediately be-
fore us, which are perpetually struggling for pre-
cedence; they are in appearance altogether dis-
similar.    A stranger, on  a cursory, or even a
1 careful examination, would scarcely detect any
points of resemblance between them.    Yet they
are, in truth, closely, and, perhaps, inseparably
united; dependent so far upon each other, that
the result of any one of them cannot fail seriously
to affect the rest; constituting, as they do, only
parts of one comprehensive system, upon the
due workings of which, in its entire and perfect
character, may depend the wholesome and vigor-
ous condition of the whole body-politic.    A dis-
tribution of revenue among the States cannot be
made, no matter how desirable it may be, unless
the necessary wants of the Government are first
supplied.    The extent of funds which shall be
I applied by law to particular objects, must depend
i not only upon their own intrinsic merits, but upon
I a comparison of the urgency and importance of
Í them  with  others of a national  character; and
i when these points are settled.it maybe essen-
tially increased ordiminished by the ability which
exists to make a due and useful expenditure of
them during the present year.    In determining,
also, either upon distribution or expenditure, it
! becomes a serious duty to inquire whether the
