586
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
requisite funds for either object are, in their i
nominal amount, ready at the call of the Govern-
ment. Are they husbanded and improved with
the care of the good and faithful servant; or, like
the talent committed to the foolish servant, are
they buried in useless inactivity; or, still more
inexcusably, are they like trusts betrayed by false
stewards, perverted and abused to corrupt and
wicked purposes?
The bill immediately before us is to appropriate
funds for fortifications. But it is impossible, in
the most faithful attention to it, to lose sight of
the proposal to divide among the States the pro-
ceeds of the public lands, or even the incidental
question of a reference of that momentous sub-
ject, and to which committee it properly belongs.
As much out of course would it be to separate
from this direct inquiry the resolutions which
have been introduced to permit a scrutiny into
the state of the public funds; the security or peril
in which they stand; the arrangements which
have been made in adopting particular deposit-
ories; the inducements for such selections; and
all the mysterious circumstances by which they
are surrounded.
When any one of these cardinal measures has
been formally before the House, it has been made
the basis of broader discussion than its own mere
provisions would seem absolutely to require. If
the discussion has not extended beyond the vari-
ous merits of them all, coincidents of each other,
as I have stated them to be, it has done no more
than fulfill its correct and lawful office. Were it
confined to narrower limits, it would be restricted
far within the range of useful and, perhaps, of
necessary argument.
The subject which claims and deserves chief
attention is awaiting its disposition here only in
preliminary; it has passed the ordeal of the other I
branch of the Legislature, and is before this
House on the several propositions of reference.
It proposes to divide the proceeds of the public '
lands among the several States according to the
ratio of representation, with the paternal and
patriotic object of promoting internal improve-
ment and general education. In giving it shape
find direction, it would seem to be fair that its
friends should exercise peculiar influence. Their
objects are early consideration, and an opportu-
nity, if it deserve it, for successful action. They
ask no more. When it is matured, (and such
they believe to be its present condition,) it must
stand or fall, according to its own merits; but
they beseech you not to mar or maim it in its
progress. Who is there, really its friend, that
desires a reference to one of the standing com-
mittees of the House? Who that is opposed to
it will consent to its receiving at once the free
discussion of a Committee of the Whole ? A
reference to the Committee of Ways and Means
would insure an unfavorable report or consign it
to lasting oblivion. This inference is drawn not,
of course, from anything that has occurred in
the committee, but from the distinct avowal on
this floor of the gentleman at the head of it—an
avowal made, not as chairman, but merely in his
individual character. If it be regarded as a party
measure, such a reference would be an unfortu-
nate one, although it would receive cordial (if
feeble) support even there. Speaking for myself
alone, and promising it at all times hearty and
sincere, though unimportant, assistance, I will
say that a measure of deeper interest to the coun-
try—one better calculated to promote the true
ends of government and law—the prosperity and
happiness of the people—is not upon your Calen-
dar. It would be difficult to embody in any
single proposition a larger or more prolific prom-
ise of present and of future good; a plan, purer
in its conception, liable tofewerexceptions in its
exercise and use, or more widely diffusive of
blessings and benefits throughout the land. If
the hostility of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cambreleng] be of the character which he
is supposed to have proclaimed, we should differ
as widely as the branches of the alternative which
his argument has presented. It was an alterna-
tive of peace or war. All the purposes of the
proposed measure are pacific and prosperous; it
contemplates and will promote universal happi-
ness and peace—happiness, founded upon the
utmost improvement and most complete develop-
ment of the resources of nature and of art, and
upon the wide-spread diffusion of them over
every part of this extended Republic, so that not
an inch of ground shall escape their influence;
founded, too, upon a moral elevation of the
people, which cannot fail to be the consequence
of enlightening their understandings and purify-
ing their hearts. Peace, secured and rendered
permanent by the power which these multiplied
improvements will contribute to establish and
confirm; and that power itself regulated and gov-
erned by a wisdom which universal education is
calculated almost inevitably to inspire. An op-
posite system—the preferred syst«-n of the ene-
mies of the measure—that which the gentleman
deems an evil incomparably less than a distribu-
tion of the revenue, is a scheme of universal
wretchedness; it denies to the husbandman the
product of his land, to the manufacturer the use
of his loom; it forbids tranquillity to the inter-
course of social life, and may embitter the purest
cup of domestic bliss; it fills the truest heart with
angry passions, and converts the smiling fields
of plenty into a desert waste: " havoc, and spoil,
and ruin are its game."
A succession of statements has been exhibited
from the Treasury showing the actual amount of
public moneys deposited, and, in some instances
at least, the manner in which they are disposed
of or employed. Beyond these points, the peri-
odical reports are altogether unsatisfactory. It
is impossible that they should be otherwise.
They prove, at least, (if they exhibit nothing
more,) that while the Government, in not one of
its various interests, is deriving any sort of benefit
from the peculiar and embarrassing arrangement;
that while favoritism may flourish, speculation
grow rich, and patronage, in a long line of sub-
ordinate dependencies, may indulge its power
and its pride, not an effort is made to wield the
mighty enginery for the good of the people, or,
so far as we know, to prevent the exercise of
enormous and overgrown corruption. I do not
speak of corruption as applied to the Government
in any of its branches. It is not necessary that
it should be engendered there, to prove the bad
effects of the pernicious system. But the*crop of
evil consequences that may spring up under the
influence of nearly forty millions now scattered
broadcast through the land, and swelling in rapid
accumulation into I know not how many millions
more; the nature and the means of applying these
corrupting objects to weak or venal minds, may
become a scandal to the Republic, although its
rulers may be innocent of all active agency, and
even ignorant of the fact itself.
In the estimate of enumeration of sources from
which funds have been derived, a distinction is
drawn between the deposits of the Treasurer of
the United States and those of other officers. If
by this it be intended to express anything more
than an accidental derivation of them as to place
or person, it is a distinction without a difference,
against which I would anxiously protest. It is
an error replete with mischief to suppose that
moneys in the hands of subordinate or account-
ing officers are not moneys already belonging, in
every useful sense, to the Treasury of the United
States. It may not be very material here, but I
take the liberty to notice it as not an uncommon
error. The mistake arises from the want of due
discrimination between the Treasury of the United
States and the Treasury Department, as an arm
or organ of the Government. Certain rules are
adopted for the purpose of bringing under the
immediate view and efficient control of the proper
Department a portion—composing, indeed, nearly
the whole of the finances of the Government, but
still only a portion of them. The remainder,
comparatively small as it is, is expended before
it reaches the Department, in certain salaries and
minor incidents of office, and by the collectors
of the customs largely in the payment of deben-
tures. The mass is then brought into the great
depository of the nation by a machinery which
is rendered somewhat complicated by the extent
of the country and the number of agents em-
ployed, but which rests upon principles as sim-
ple as the elements of mathematical science.
None of it—not a farthing—whether in the hands
of the agents, or paid over by them, can be ex-
pended without an appropriation by law.   The
1 only difference is, that the lawful expenditures
1 of the agents are made under previous appropri-
1 ations, without a warrant from the Secretary of
the Treasury; whereas the moneys which are
' properly the subject of such warrant, are those
which have been accounted for by the receivers
as the surplus in their hands, and are drawn for
in consequence of appropriations subsequently
made. Both are alike public moneys. Both are
within the clause of theConstitution which speaks
of "appropriations made by law;" but says
nothing of a warrant; and both are therefore in
the Treasury. I ask if a farthing of the money in
a collector's hands could be disbursed, or em-
employed, or used in any way, except as the law
directs? Why not? Simply because the Con-
stitution has forbidden it. But the Constitution
has forbidden no such use, employment, or dis-
bursement, except as to money in the Treasury.
It prohibits the drawing of it only " from the
Treasury." Then the term Treasury (which is
used, I believe, but once in the Constitution) ap-
plies to all funds belonging to the Government—
to funds in the possession of the first receiver or
elsewhere.   The Treasury is not this or that par-
i ticular place of deposit. It is not merely a sta-
tionary or locomotive strong box, in which the
gold and silver of the nation is secured. It is
not the vaults of a bank or the coffers of a capi-
talist. It is the present fixed right of immediate
enjoyment vested in the Government, which,
without precise locality or prolonged duration of
movement, becomes perfect in the Government
the moment the fund has ceased to belong to
the individual by whom it is paid. It recognizes
no intermediate stage of fiscal existence—no pro-
l bationary or expiative purgatory. It admits no
compromise of principle which would lead to an
indulgence in flagrant abuses. All the revenues
of the Government might be perverted to the
sordid purposes of the particular officer, who
might become a trading usurer to the amount of
millions; or, which would be still worse, they
might be abused to the corrupt and venal pur-
poses of a profligate ascendency, whenever such
a one shall exist, and be base enough to avail
itself of the opportunity; for all the resources of
the nation must, in succession, pass through this
dangerous channel. The extent of profligacy
might become as unlimited as the temptation to
a weak or vicious mind would be irresistible.
No, sir; there is no sound distinction between
moneys derived from the Treasurer and those de-
rived from other officers. The receivers of public
moneys may settle their accounts periodically or
otherwise, as you will; its payment over, or abso-
lute appropriation, without stop or period to the
Government, in the proper sense of the word
appropriation, must be a rule without any excep-
tion, or the purity of the Republic is the shadow
of a name.
That the subject of the augmented revenue re-
quires legislation,is admitted by the bill on your
table which purports to regulate the deposit banks.
That it requires early legislation, will not bo de-
nied by those who have earnestly made that bill
a candidate for early favor and consideration.
Insufficient as it must be regarded for its pro-
fessed purposes; coming into the House with all
its imperfections on its head; it must, sooner or
later, be taken up for consideration, and must
then be supplied with its necessary improve-
ments (if it be susceptible of them) in the course
of its passage; or, possibly, it may be borne
along in triumph on the car of the previous ques-
tion, which  alike   silences  all  opposition, and
i buries all amendments.
That the vast accumulation of money is an
evil, will not gravely be contested, if the fact
itself cannot be disproved.    It has resolved the
i doubt of Tacitus whether the gods in anger or
in favor deny us wealth: "Jlrgentwn et aurum
propitii aut iratii Dii negaverint, dubito." It was
said long ago, (and history and experience con-
firm the truth of the remark,) that those coun-
tries are seldom wise or prosperous in which the
precious metals are abundantly produced. The
sage policy of the Republic of Switzerland pro-
hibited the owners to explore the mines with
which someof theirmountains are said to abound.
A purer and a richer tribute was produced by the
, hand of industry, prompted to exertion by the
