1836.]
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Ingersoll.
587
Ho. of Reps.
spirit of liberty, which guided the plowshare M
through their rugged precipices, and leaped the
harvest on their almost ban en sides. Wealth
mtiv be to nation —as we have the higlust au-
thority for believ ing it is sometimes to indiv iduals
—a curse.
The areat difficulty in the whole scheme, and
in its shining and delusive results is, that it is a
mystery—an expei imental mystery. It is a mys-
tery, perhaps, to the Government,and eeitainly to
the ptople. It hangs like a dark cloud ovi r the
destinies of the nation, embitteung its enjoyments
and darkening its hopes. It is not an answer to
this unquestionable fact that the evils under which
the people sutler aie the result of a panic, winch
time and cool reflection will dispel. They are
not less real on that account. Mankind is always
influenced, to n greater or less degree, by some-
thing besides the sober reality. Panic may be
itstif the result of unnecessaiy or misjudging ap-
prehension; but the consequences ot it are any-
thing but imarinary and insignificant' The gor-
gon's head was more fatal than the sword. Panic
has been the prolific source of enormous mischief
from the time at least when the host of Syria was
overwhelmed before Samaria by the fancied noise
of the horsemen and the chariots of lsiail At
this very moment there exists, certainly in the
Atlantic cities, and probably in the mtenorof the
country, an almost unprecedented decree of pe-
cuniary pressure,accompanied by anexaggeiated
state of price  both for rial estate and the various
conveniences of life. Labor is high, and yet
money is scarce. An unnatural state of things
like this can proceed only trom extraordinary
and unnatural causes. Capitalists stand aghast
and close their hands in fear. Speculation usurps
the place of well regulated business, the ordinary
channels of which are injuriously disturbed.
To prevent the continuance and recurrence of
these evils, early, and, it should seem, permanent
provision is necessary. An excess of revenue will,
in all probability,exist in future; and it is unwise
to apply only a temporary relief to a mischief so
endunnsr.   Upwards of three hundred millions of
acres of unappropriated lands are estimated still
to exist within the States and Territories. There
are  seven   hundred  millions  more beyond   the
Mississippi and Missouri.   Many hundred years
must elapse before emigration will convert into
the abodes of civilized man a thousand millions
of aerea of almost interminable solitudes.    With
the most lavish and wasteful expenditures of the
Government in all its branches; with a departure
at once from both of the charactei istic marks of
the reign of Q,ueen Elizabeth —economy and vigor—
it is scarcely possible that the ordinary resources
of the nation should not exceed its ordinary wants
and expenditure , leaving the proceeds of the
public lands to distinct and specific appropriation.
What a curious comparison is exhibited between
the expenses of the present day and those of
1789, when, in times of primitive simplicity, a
hule more than six hundred thousand dollars
covered all the disbursements of the country—a
sum less than three fourths of the present expend-
itures of Congress alone'
Notwithstanding the urgent calls for distribu-
tion, we are constantly informed that the idea of
a surplus revenue is delusive; that means enough
are before us to absorb the prodigious mass
Where, and what are they  While estimate after
estimate has been produced, and proved in every
way to show how erroneous is this suggestion,
not a counter-calculation is exhibited, and the
argument is contented to rest upon vague surmise
and indefinite and sickly anticipation. The evi-
dence of every sense is to be distrusted for the
sake of a partisan theory. Faith was said of old
to be able to remove mountains, but it is now
magnified into an energy sufficient to disprove
their actual and obvious existence. There is the
mass of evil almost before your eyes, swelling in
amount and mischief every hour. You are unable
to reduce it, in fact, or by any probable or plaus-
ible conjecture. I will not go over calculations
which have been repeated many times. I adopt,
with entire confidence, those presented yesterday
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cushing,] in what he was content to call a mere
business speech, but which gave to business all
the attractiveness of pleasure.   The estimates
exhibited by him were liberal in the extreme; yet
they leave an excess beyond the proposed dis-
tribution nnd threatened expendituie combined.
What is the consequence      Why, that the stur-
diest enemies of distribution aie unable or un-
willing to bung their cieed to the test of arithmetic; ,
thev substitute  prophecy for calculation;   they '
prctei conjectuie to reality, they do not ventuio
to say that theie is not, but that there will not be
a fund toi division.   When pressed to r>ut down
the items that will absoib the mass, they rly to
items ot fancy, which can scarcely be made the
subjects of argument.    They aie compelled to
infuse nlaige niffiedient of very remote suimise
even into then vague and impiobable predictions.
Passing fiom things at home, where extiava-
gancc, though vast, is not absolutely boundless,
they suggest  a  possible condition abroad.    A
European war, which, at some uncertain day,
miy break out and in vol vet he destinies of A menea
in us consuming voi tex, or some other phantom,
usurps the place of substance and reality.  Never
did an occasion exist when, in a state of peace,
treasures were justly heaped together, and hoai ded
up to await the liaie contingency ot future war.
Vexatious, and disieputable, and distiessing, as
the  disturbances on  the southwestern fiontier
undoubtedly are, I cannot agree that, vvithpioper
treatment, even now, they are sufficiently formi-
dable to interfere with the principle which I have
thus advanced.    In fiee Governments, at least,
the rule is settled that measuies to sustain war-
like expeditions and  movements must, in the
main, be resorted to whenever the emergency
may chance to come.    Existing resources must
be cherished and improved.    But to dry up the
fountain in order that it may íeserve its streams
for the uses of futurity, would be to leave the
present race without enjoyment, and to deprive
posterity of hope.    Miserable would be the con-
dition of that people that, from a sickly fear of
undefined danger—a feeling the most degrading
that can curse our nature—should burden them-
selves with exactions and restraints, should deny
themselveásuitable expenditures and enjoyments,
because a lurid star might happen to glimmer in
the imagination of some feeble-minded statesman.
They would resemble only the individual who,
in  the full possession  of robust and vigorous
health, but incapable of appreciating or enjoying
it, should deny to appetite its necessary food,
and minister to a wholesome constitution the
nostrums of disease, until he should become the
prey of a preposterous and pernicious empiri- |
cism.
Loans are resorted to when they are required
by necessity. No statesman believes that lie can
can y on war without them. There is no danger
of disappointment in the hope of realizing them,
unless the country, in its ordinary course, has
been impoverished by withholding from it its nat-
ural and proper supplies. Money is the sinew
of war, but it is the free-will offering of the open
right hand of peace. It is the fertilizing spirit
which gives life and vigor and activity to all
things; and it cannot be withheld except with the
effect of present suffering and future imbecility.
A happier thought than the distribution at least
of the proceeds ot the public lands has seldom
been conceived. It íeconciles the highest attain-
able practical good with the strictest constiuc-
tion of the Constitution. I should feel no neces-
sity, for myself, to recur to this intermediate
agency (if it be such) of the States for distribu-
tion. But I know full well that proud and hon-
orable feelings unite with sound and enlightened
judgments in requiring it; and the peculiar mode
of reaching the object, which is itself free from
reasonable objection, is rendered indispensable.
If.through such fair and legitimate arrangements,
the whole country can be brought to harmonize
in one general sense of concurring approbation,
how full of benefits and blessings is the proceed-
ing'
When the purposes of the Geneial Government
are fully supplied, it is best that its connection
with the disbursement of the public revenues
should cease. It is the true policy of the Consti-
tution that the National Government should be
as seldom as possible seen and felt; that, in all
external ulations, it should present the formida-
ble aspecto! power,and the means of prospeious
and successful intercouse with foreign nations;
but that at home even the benefits which it sheds
upon its own citizi ns should be expentnced as
nature receives, and piospus under the influence
ot, her refieslung dues, while the sources from
which they flow aie imperceptible. The organ-
ization of the Government does not even conlem-
plate a home department, which necessauiy exista
as a branch of the diffeient Euiopean systems.
It exhibits in jjiomment relief a buieau of for-
eign affans as a pnncipal agent, resting upon
mihtaiy and naval dtpartmentsas its pillars. If,
when thus unseen in the direct performance of
its domestic duties, it can íealize all the wished-
for results, without thieat oi dangei, to ihe live-
liest sensibilities, without a suspicion of usuip-
ntion or encroachment; if it can maintain us
dignified bearing and successlul intercouse with
foreign nations,and at the same moment "scatter
plenty o'er a smiling land," the system is as
bnlliant in theoiy as us practical exercise is felici-
tous Were I the warmest personal tuend of
the Piesident, I would wish him no ncher con-
solation, no happier subject for íeflection in the
calm evening of his lengthened day, than a belief
that his recommendation had been the parent of
this most salutaiy scheme. It would be less
perishable than a lauiel crown. Were I the
warmest of his political adherents, I would cherish
it as the bnghtest ornament of his public caieei.
It would be moie ennobling than a hundred vic-
tones. A whole country made fair, and cheer-
ful, and piospeious—a whole people educated,
enlightened,and refined—aiepeaceful monuments
ot enduring strength and granduer, surpassing
those of the triumphal arch erected on the suffer-
ings of thousands of the human family.
Whenever the period has arrived at which dis-
tribution can be made without interfering with
the paramount necessities of the nation, it can
justly be withheld no longer.  By the cessions of
the several members of the Confederation of their
lands, the United States became not a mere pro-
pnetor, but a trustee     They received the lands
in trust, for purposes of general good, for the use
I and benefit of all the States.    How much might
I be realized from this great trust in the long course
1 of aftertimc, oi how long its products would be
required for purposes merely national, was not
foreseen or fancied.  It would depend upon many
circumstances, and chiefly upon the rapid growth
of population and prosperity in the States them-
) selves, which, absorbing the private lands in their
own limits, would send forth a host of hardy
emigrants as pioneers of the western wilderness.
As long as the pioducts of their purchases were
necessary to replenish the general treasury, they
could not be applied to other purposes.    They
would  not be, and  they were  not, disturbed.
These other purposes weie necessarily postponed
for such as were primary and were essential.
But when the objects of absolute and preliminary
use should be fully satisfied, and the sales of land
should yield only an unprofitable and dangerous
superfluity; and yet when they could not be inter-
mitted without checking the progress of useful emi-
| gration, or be reduced in price without violating
|  pledges of the strongest implication, and plunging
[  in ruin a countless extent of private interests, the
I  ceded lands must return in prolific plenty to the
people, for whom they were  always designed,
and to whose  uses, directly or indirectly, they
ever have been, and I trust ever will be, sacredly
devoted.    It matters not what is the practicable
shape they may assume.    The prosperity of the
Union is essential to the well-being of the States.
That being secured by an appropriation of all
that it requires, the States themselves will re-
ceive and dispose of, directly for themselves, the
funds which their own grants have created. The
trust was not confined  to purposes of war or
peace.    It was not limited by any futile attempts
at preternatural anticipation.    Its products were
to be applied as circumstances, regulated only by_
our own energies, encouiaged by the smiles ot
Pi ovidence, might íequire. The Constitution was
wisely confined to the provision of means for
cieating revenue.   It conferred upon the proper
department in  the distribution of powers, the
Legislature, an authority to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises; but it provided no
rule for the distribution of excessive wealth.   In
