1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Ingersoll.
Ho. of Reps.
said General Washinston, "frequently prevent '
much ereatir disbursements to rcjnl it " A suit-
able marine was not possessed before the wai
upon our tiade was besun by the two grtai btl-
lurereiit niuons, who vied with each othei, not
more in thtir mighty stiussks tor supremacy
than in their ruthless violation of mutinl risrhts
It was well rennrked bv the Secretaiy of the
Navv. in his communication to a committee of
this House, at the cIomí of the vear 179^, that if
it hid been, we should not have lost, by depreda-
tions on our trade, loui times the sum nectssary
to create and maintain it during the whole time
the war hid existed in Europe He adds, with
prophetic spirit, " It we do not profit by experi-
ence, and put ourselves in a situation to resent
insult and punish aggression, nothing is more
hk< iy than that in less than half a dozen years
another occasion may be presented for a repetition
of the aame mortifying observation." The mor-
tifying observation \cas repeated. It was repeated
for more than thirty years absolutely in vain. At
the expiration of a still longer period, the nation
was on the eve of a war of countless expenditure
of blood and treasure, to recover (as was sup-
posed) amends of reprisals for withholding the
payment of about one half of the principal sum,
for the payment of which a slow promise had at
length been «Tung What a world of loss and
trouble had been saved by a recourse to early and
honorable and glorious prevention'
To meet the objects of the country, actual in-
crease in the number of vessels is not so imme-
diately necessary as the vigorous use of those
which already exist in completion oi in progress.
Pat into the «rater what we are furnished with
on paper, and the interest and honor of the nation
will not be held lightly in any quarter of the
globe. The jrreat Frederick of Prussia once de-
clared, that without a hundred ships-of-the-hne,
and a hundred thousand sailors, a nation ought
not to expose itself upon the ocean. He mis-
judged Thirteen ships-of-the-Iine—all of them
of majestic proportions, and most of them of
stubborn stuff, one of them, as she is familiarly
called, the largest ship in the world; fourteen
frigates of the first class, (only three of which
are ou the ocean, and others of them are unfit for
sea-service:) two frigates of the second class, and
fifteen sloops-of-war, besides smaller vessels and
steamboats, would present, if in condition, a
squadron of four and forty hearts of oak; of
which, when equipped and manned, and bristling
with formidable armaments, and spreading their
white wings, and boldly careering on the deep,
any crowned head in Christendom might well be
proud. Hundreds of gallant officers stand strain-
ing in the slips, anxious for employment and
promotion. Thousands of swelling bosoms are
panting for their places, whenever they shall be
rendered vacant by the budding honors of those
whom they are hoping to succeed.
I «ay not a word of preparing for war in time
of peace; although there is certainly a position
which is desnable for every nation, where,in the
wordsof thefirst President of these United States,
it " may choose peace or war, as interest, guided
byjustiee, shall counsel." The trae object of
every preparation is the maintenance of an hon-
orable and a prosperous peace. Peace is the nat-
ural condition of mankind; it is the condition of
true dignity and real usefulness That nation
which will not preserve it while it can, must be
predisposed, like the ancient Carthaginians, to
sacrifice its children to idols By self-respect, at
all times carefully maintained, and a readiness,
not ostentatiously exhibited, to enforce respect
from others who are disposed to withhold it, it
will secure the applause of men and angels.
Among the important measures almost imme-
diately before us, 1 have adverted to the one of
proposed investigation and scrutiny into the con-
dition of the public moneys in the deposit banks.
A considerable time ago, inquiries of a different
character and with different objects, were sug-
gested in debate, which were then made the topics
of consideration and remark. I am the rather in-
duced to urge the right of such inquiries, because
of the authority which was then imputed to the
mere suggestions of the heads of particular bu-
reaus Granting, for the argument's sake, all the
ability, experience, diligence, and  skill which
were claimed for them, can the existence of all
those qualities close the book in which our duties
are written, or make the measure of our perfoi m-
ance of them full' I join issue with tiie argument
which would cuate or shift a burden of pi oof as
to tht propiitty oi fallibility of a communication
the moment it is made "V\ eie it so, a Secietaiy
would have nothing to do but close his lips to ex-
pl uiations, and tht wildtst estimatts that folly
ever tiamed become inevotable law, as disproof
may be impiacticable, because it depends upon
the \eiy information that is thus withheld The
condition of this body would íesemble the occa-
sional state of the by-gone Paihaments of France,
which in the presence of an absolute monaich,
reposing literally on his bed of power, miscalled
his " bed of justice," registered his decrees in
abject and inevitable submission to his will
The little experience I have had in legislation
informs me that practice is quite at variance with
this presumption of infallibility on the part of
executive officers, independently of all questions
as to their intelligence or worth.    Inquiries are
made, and  explanations  are called for, in all
instances when the members of committees are
not  satisfied  for themselves.     Similar   results
await similar duties in the House.    Nowhere is
the nulUus add ictus jurare rule of Horace more
applicable than in matters of legislation.    Taste
may be formed and exercised, partially, at least,
by faith, but the true performance of legislative
duties is, or ought to be, the consequence of sight
alone.    Push the suggestion home, and observe
to what pernicious consequences, to what false
infeieiices it will  lead.    If the  savings of the
Departments are binding, their doings ought to be
equally infallible. Everything, pastand present, is
to be regarded as in a condition of perfect security;
all our relations are prosperous, because it is the
duty of the Executive to keep them so ' At least,
concentrating in itself the details of universal
agency, placed on an eminence that it may survey
the  whole surrounding  hemisphere, it should
mark every rising vapor, perceive every distant
cloud, and foretell the coming storm; or leave the
nation assured that an unclouded sky extends to
the utmost limits of the vast horizon that every-
where surrounds it.   Have the sentinels on the
watchtower discharged these dntres faithfully?
Is the country provided with all it should desire?
Has nothing mischievous been done, or nothing
good omitted to be done >   Has nothing been
lost, or put in jeopardy, that vigilance might
have guarded against, or precaution saved?   On
these occasions, when this legislative tribunal sits
in solemn judgment to consider the state of the
Union, it seems to be usual to look behind us,
and around us, and before us, and to gather
together all that may gild or tarnish the recollec-
tion of the past, or cheer or darken our future
destiny.    What part, then, of your  national
preparations, either for peace or war, is in the
condition of which you could venture to be proud ?
Come with me along the whole line of sea-coast
from Maine to Florida, from  the confines of
Canada to the debatable limits of Mexico.   Will
the eye of doating confidence itself slumber over
the numerous defenseless and dismantled fortifi-
cations—the dust and ashes which remain to
mark the place where stood at least one feeble
tower of defense—the crumbling rums of I know
not how many more    The whole lengthened
line is naked and defenseless, either from the
want of provision of permanent objects of reli-
ance, or from an omission to supply the replen-
ishments which time and accident require.   All
of the southern shore—every inch of it—according
<o the acknowledgment of the chairman of the
Committee of Waysand Means, has been "sham*>-
i fully neglected" m the article even of navy-yards,
11 to say nothing of more important provisions for
' i a time of need.  I take for the argument his better
I knowledge, instead, and in preference to, * y own
inferences, founded, it seems, on a fallacious
confidence, at least to this extent.   I had sup-
posed, in undoubting trust, that suitable stations
did not exist in that quarter; that the depth of
water was not sufficient; or that some other over-
ruling cause had forbidden the attempt, and not
that the providence of God had been shamefully
neglected, or that it was digracefully thwarted by
the want of providence of man.
But the stations that exist, are they supplied >
Have they men, or have they armaments' Could
a salute have been fired if the haibinger of glad
tidings had chanced, on a late occasion, to spread
his white banner in the view of almost any one
of them' I speak not at all of warlike prepara-
tions, but of those which become the piping times
of peace. It was long since known to the Finance
Committee of this House, (although then wisely
communicated by the Department in almost sacred
confidence, lest mischief might happen from its
publication,) that scarcely a gun or a gun-car-
riage in any of the proper abiding places, if such
things existed at all, was fit for any service, ex-
cept the very menial service of a by-word and a
reproach.
Your naval preparations, are they essentially
efficient and mature > I will not repeat the defects
in maritime arrangement, with the complaints of
which the whole country undoubtedly resounds,
from careless contracts, up to the defective (be-
cause not understood) discipline which ought to
bind together the component parts of this inter-
esting and powerful machine. But your sloops-
of-war, do they maintain the gallant bearing, the
proud supremacy in swiftness and strength, in
grace and beauty of proportion, in fitness for all
their duties, which were once accorded to them
in every sea> Youi officers, are they encouraged
and kept in heart by becoming selections and
employments that would serve as the reward of
merit and the crown of zeal' Are their ardent
sensibilities fanned with the hope of seasonable
promotion; or are the wisest and the weakest
head8 suffered alike to grow gray in situations of
subordinate rank'
Your public moneys—but I forbear to press the
inquiry here. Clouds and darkness rest upon
them.
Your western and southwestern frontier, has
it been guarded against the attacks of murderous
savages? Are the properties and the lives of the
citizens, and have they been exposed to no un-
necessary ravages—to no mischiefs that could
have been foreseen and avoided? Have treaties
been regarded on our side, and has not the fulfill-
ment of them been unduly exacted upon theirs >
It is no longer unknown to any who have chosen
to inquire that intimations of the approaching
storm were given again and again, and were as
often disregarded. As long ago as March, 1835,
from the highest official sources, cautions were
communicated against attempts to enforce against
the Seminole tribe a doubtful treaty; or, if it
should be intended to be enforced, that competent
means should be at hand to induce submission,
or it would end in the butchery of these poor
savages. Every precaution was omitted; and
every prediction was verified, except that the
1 expected victims became the ministers of the
sacrifice.
These inquiries and suggestions are not made
in the way of unnecessary reproach, but with a
view to unite in preparing to meet and breast the
coming wave, whitíh more than threatens to swell
and break on our borders, from the Gulf of Mex-
ico all long, perhaps, to Lake Superior. Nothing
is so contagious as the zeal derived from victory.
It is especially so among those with whom suc-
cess was probably altogether unexpected, and
among whom not to be defeated is to overcome.
Depend upon it, there is no error in a popula*
Government half so fatal, no delusion so bewitch-
I mg, and yet so likely to betray, as a blind confi-
dence in those who happen for the time to rule.
A burden of undoubtmg faith in the infallibility
of a Government, and the necessity of dtsprov-
I tng it when the means of so doing are withheld,
would resemble the slavery of the victims of
that bondage which bound them to a task which
was rendered impracticable by the absence of the
( materials With which it was to be performed.
An honorable gentleman complained the other
-day that we were hurried into repeated expendi-
tures for hostilities of which no record could be
found. The traveler passing over those deserted
fields will find a mournful record of blood and
ashes: farms destroyed—houses burnt or pillaged
—inhabitants driven off or slain. An Indian war-
fare admits of none of the ordinary records in
I which are inscribed the causes of the hostilities
I of civilized man.    No warning herald's voice
