1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
"24th Cong....1st Sess.
Contingent Appropriations—Mr. Shepperd.
Ho. of Reps.
fund«, by placing tens of thousands at their will I
ami  pli wiie, ovr and above  the accustomed i
\\ vntaot tin Govunnunt    Such blind confidence
is unworthy   of tint vigilince- and  ore winch
should ntr clnncterize  the Representatives of
the p ople
Vlthou^h, sir,as I ha\ejust intimated, I lnvc
no puteulir charge of extruasmee to make,
touching the disimilan nts that I Invt exam-
intd, yet, in the prognes of tint minute invt sti-
gnhon which, by the i ommittct, I w i^ uithouzed
to nnkt, I nut with some aims of txpcnditme
which were, at hast,m tluir character somewhat
extraordinaryt if not wholly objictiotiabk In
this ela'-s I would plací the sums piid out of the
appropri uions for continge nuts ot foreign nitci-
coum, by direction of the President of the Uni-
ted States, to one Edmund Roberts, a citizen of
New H inipt-hire
In the ytar 1S32, Mr Roberts was commis-
sioned or emplo\cd by the President of the Uni-
ted Statts.to M it the conn tut s of Muscat, Siam,
Cochin China, and Japan The object of this
eastern mission seems to have bten the formation
of trtatics with the sovereigns of these demi-
barbarous nations. To iid in its fulfillment, pres-
en's on behalf of oui Government were made to
about the amount of three thousand three hun-
dred dollars The compensation of this Govern-
ment agent was at this time fixed at six dollars
per div, but he was al&o allowed, in the settle-
ment of his accounts, five per cent, commission
upon the sum so disbursed by him in piesents
He returned in the spring of Ib34, having, as I
understand, concluded atreaty with the Sultin of
Muscat, but failed in doing so with the other
Powers to w hom he was sent
In the spring of last year Mr. Roberts was
again dispatched with fresh instructions, at an
annual salary of $4,400, which was directed to
be paid him*from the first of the year; and to
strengthen the  hopes of still greater  success,
presents amounting to $19,530 79 were purchased ,
in the city of New York, and placed at his dis-
position, with a view of being employed by him '
in buyingorconciliating the fav or of thosePowei s
to whom he had been before in some degree ac-
credited     This expenditure was incurred within
the last quarter of the year 1834, and the first
quarter of 1835.    I have not merely contented
myself with ascertaining  the  amount of  this
bounty or donation on behalf of our Government,
but, in obedience to a sense of duty, have looked
through the entire list or series of articles of
merchandise of which it has been composed, and
have taken care to see that, according to law and
the practice of the Government, this large and
unusual disbursement has  received the proper
certificates of the President and the Secretary of
State, with the direction for its payment out of
the fund for contingencies of foreign intercourse
The gentleman employed in this business is j
▼ery favorably spoken of by those  who know
him; and, judging from what knowledge my in-
vestigation has afforded me of his character, I
am disposed to think well of his qualifications
for such a mission.    Nor am I now prepared to
call in question the policy of our Government,
which seeks to extend and strengthen our com-
mercial intercourse with the nations embraced in
this enterprise, and that, too, although gifts may
be necessary to propitiate their favor, or secure
to us the mere privilege of trading with them
No, sir, all this may well be, and be right, and
yet very grave questions may arise as to the pro-
priety of applying the contingent fund  to the
payment of a salaried officer, who, though he
has for years sustained a sort of diplomatic char- |
acter abroad, and has actually negotiated a treaty,
and is now gone upon a second mission, at an
expense of $24,000, has never, during all this
time, been nominated to the Senate for appoint-
ment, or in any other way been made known to
the country as connected with an important for-
eign service.
I know it is said that, to guard against the
jealous interference of rival nations, secrecy was
necessary in this, as it has been thought to be in
many other negotiations; but, for one, I believe
not in the efficacy of such a precaution; for,
instead of the disguised negotiator succeeding in
eluding suspicion, and effecting the business of
No. 38
his Government, without disclosure, the mere
fact of attempting to do so will, in most instances,
be found to awaken unusual cuuosity, and to
give a consequence to the objects of the mission
which would not have obtained, had plain and
open dealing been observed. But, if this was
it ally to have been a secret business, the Presi-
dent should have sheltered the expenditure under
the powei given him to allow a disbursement,
without specifying the obji cts for which it has
been made, yet he has, in this instance, as well
is every other during his Administration, with
his usual frankness and independence of charac-
tei, refustd to treat any part of the appropriations
for contingencies of foieign intercourse as con-
stituting a secret-service fund, hut has always
given the vouchers or specifications of the expend-
iture Whilst I highly approve this piacticc of
the piescnt Administration, I repeat that it is
utterly at wai with the idea of carrying on a
secret negotiation, for the very fact of submitting
the subject-matter of the account of such investi-
gation as, from its nature, it may seem to merit,
must, in some degree, give publicity to the whole
transaction.
I now hasten to notice the disbursements con-
nected  with  our inteicourse with the  Barbary
Powers.    By an act of Congi ess, passed in 1810,
a saliiy of §4,000 is given to our Consul General
resident at Algiers, and $2,000 to each of our other
consuls, sent to the diffeientBarbary States. Since
the occupation of Algiers by France, this consul
generalship has ceased, and we have now on this
part of the public set vice but three consular sta-
tions—one at Tangiers, in Morocco, one at Tunis,
and one at Tripoli.   This salaried compensation
distinguishes this class of consuls fiom any others
employed by our Government; and still further
to favor their position, they are each, by the act
just referred to, permitted to disburse annually the
sum of $3,000 in presents to the Governments
where they reside, and may even exceed this
amount, upon the written permission of the Pres-
ident of the United States.    But this law goes
still further, and clearly shows that while it was
the purpose of Congress to cherish our commer-
cial intercourse, and to preserve peace with these
Powers, it also intended to provide that agents
employed in disbursing these favors of oui Gov-
ernment should be compelled to render a strict
account of the manner in which they should per-
form  this service.    With  this view the  sixth
section enacts "that it shall be the duty of the
consuls residing on the Barbary coast to transmit
to the Secretary of the Treasury, annually, an
account of all moneys i eceived and of all disburse-
ments oi expenditures made by them, respect-
ively, for or on account of the United States,
and the particular purpose to which the moneys
have been applied, and the vouchers to support
the same, and the Secretary of the Tteasury shall
transmit to Congress, within two months after
the commencement of the first session thereof, in
every year, a statement of all the moneys dis-
bursed from the Treasury of the United States foi
expenses of intercourse with the Baibary Powers
during the preceding year, therein noting, so far
as can be ascertained at the Treasury, the sums
received by the respective agents or consuls, and
thepurposes to which the same have been applied."
I would here emphatically inquiie of the oldest
members of this body—those most experienced
in the alterations and amendments which our
taws have undergone—whether the section that
I have just read has ever been repealed, or even
modified in any way'    For myself, I have been
unable to discover anything showing its repeal
or alteration many particular whatever.   Taking
it, therefore, to be the law of the land, the com-
mittee waited for the expiration of the two months
within which time the Secretary of the Treasury
is required to make a communication of this con-
tingent disbursement to Congress. But we waited
in vain     Yet supposing the delay was probably
owing to the press of business, or momentary
inattention, I was authorized by the committee,
without resorting to the formality of a resolution
on the subject, to inquire into the reason of this
delay; that reason  or  answer is given in the
Secretary's note of the 16th February, in which
he says that "consuls have  never made any
returns to this Department under the act íegulat-
mg the same, or they would probably have been
submitted to Congress."
Can it be true that this wise and prudent legis-
lative piovision has been wholly neglected ' Yes,
sir, it is emphatically true, for instead of being
observed and carried into execution, its very ex-
istence seems to have escaped the attention of all
those whose duty íequired them to see its pro-
visions fulfilled. Nor is this the fault merely of
the piescnt day, oi the piesent Administration,
but is equally chaigeable to those that have pre-
ceded it, for I believe, in the language of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, our " consuls have never
made any returns" according to the requisitions
of the act of 1810.
Having thus entirely failed in obtaining the
official infoimation which we had a legal right to
expect from the Secrctai y of the Treasury, I com-
menced seeking, in some other way, to learn, if
practicable, the disposition that had been made of
the large sums of money placed from time to
time at the will and pleasure of these disbursing
agents of the Government. And although, as we
have )ust seen, annual statements of expend-
iture have not been forwarded to the Secretary
of the Tieasuiy, and by him submitted to Con-
gress, it so happens, that when it has piecisely
suited the convenience of our consuls to do so,
they have, through the Depaitment of State, com-
municated some account of their doings to our
Government By reference to the books of the
Treasury, where these matters have been settled
by the Fifth Auditor, I find that James R. Leib,
our present consul at Tangiers, in Morocco, has
not settled any account since his appointment,
which was in 1832, and that the sum of $14,017 41
stands as a charge against him on the books of
the Treasury. I should, perhaps, here state that
Mr. Leib has recently transmitted an account,
which, I learn, is retained by the Secretary of
State for further advisement, in consequence of
its embracing extravagant expendituies made by
him on a visit to the Emperor of Morocco at the
city of Fez.
Samuel D. Heap, present consul at Tunis, is
debtor to the amount of $10,728 62. He has not
settled any account since 31st December, 1831.
Daniel S McCauly, consul at Tripoli, is
charged with a balance against him of $3,721 79 
His last settlement was on 30th June, 1833.
From 1810 to the present time, I find that the
sum of $700,000 has been expended or paid out
on account of our intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, exclusive of various disbursements which
are usually embraced under this head of expendi-
tuie, but which do not properly belong to it, that,
of this sum, $89,677 has not been accounted for,
but stands out in a long list of balances against our
present and preceding consuls and commercial
agents.
I will not be so personal as to specify through-
out the names of all those who appear to be debt-
ors to then Government, but shall content myself
by having merely pointed out the particular sums
that are chargeable to those now in office, and
in favor of whom it is pioposed to make a still
further appropriation of $17,400,embracing their
salaries of $2,000 each, with $800 for contingent
expenses, and $3,000 for each of these three con-
sulates, to be disbursed in presents, according to
the provisions of the act of 1810, already referred
But this is not all that it is proposed to do, or
Las recently been done to favor or patronize these
almost irresponsible officers of the Government.
The treaty which has subsisted for near fifty
years between this Government and that of Mo-
rocco being about to expire, our consul at Tan-
giers, Mr. Leib, has been charged with the duty
of procuiing its renewal. In order to insure suc-
cess, the sum of $19,238 45 has, within the last
year, been laid out in the city of New York, by
the Secretary of State, under the authority of the
President, in the purchase of a very great variety
of foreign and domestic goods, which have been
shipped to the care of Mr. Leib, and are intended
to be by him presented to the Emperor of Morocco
upon his consenting to a renewal of the treaty.
Tins expenditure is over and above the sum which
our consul may have disbursed in that country
out of the appropriation of 1835, but no account
of which is to be found at the Treasury.
