1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
24th Cong....1st Sess.
numbers of a political journal, unless they sane- '
t.on \iid credit the átateme) ts contained in it; and
tin v thus pas* w nil many for the truth. Thes>e
sta-enieiu , going- forth from this city while Con-
gress is in stssion, undtr ,ill these sanctions, and
rt.iiKiiiiin  unanswerid and uncontradicted bv
those who aie misrepresented, have a degree of
credit awarded to them which, under other cir-
cumstances, would not attach to them. I theie-
foie ask the attention of the committee while I
refer to some of the various misiepresentations
of my course upon the Navy bill, which have
been propagated through the channels of this pa-
per, at the same time that I notice the statements
of the gentleman tram New Yoik upon the same
subject.
Besides the statement of the Globe that I had
opposed all appropriations for the military de-
fenses of the country at a time when the country
was in danger of being involved in a war with
France, (^which I have noticed upon a former
occasion, and shown to be utterly false,) I find
the following statement in that journal of the 8th
of this month:
" At the threshold Mr. Bkli told his friends that [the
House ot Representatives] was the place to agitate the
presidential question, and so they went on President
making, in connection with the naw vnrd at Portsmouth,
until they had vrastel nearly six ueek* oj the session."
In the number of the 12th of this month will
be found the following sentence:
'• Not content with speaking against tune for six icceks
I y^ether, to arrest the progress oj the ordinary appropria
tí'n MÍ-* ; not disheartentd nor ashamed ot ha\m«aMx
weeks' opposition «untamed by onlv six votes on \tas and
na\s in support ot his proposition, Mr Bell, who is set to
work to t til the business ot the House by those in leasue
au.inst the administration, is continually devising pettv
eipedients tor {his purpose "
In the same paper, of the 14th of this month,
" the finale," it is stated," is given of Mr. Bell's
fifty-eight days' war upon the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth."
Th^se are the representations of the official
journal of the Government, and the printers to
this House, in relation to my course upon the
Navy bill. I now propose to advert briefly to the
h story of the progress of this bill through this
House, and the part I actually took in the pro-
ceedings in relation to it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambre-
levgj has on this occasion renewed his charge
against me, that I had attempted to retard the
action of this House upon the appropriation for
the defense of the country at a moment when we
were in danger of being involved in a war with a
powerful nation, by making a proposition to act
upon the report of the select committee upon the
rules of the House. I did, on the morning of
the 13th of January, insist that we should give
somt consistency to the rules of pioceeding in
this House as a measure essential to the dispatch
of business and the wisdom of our proceedings.
I asked for one hour—I asked for one day—for
this purpose, before we took up the appropriation
bills, but my motion failed under the opposition
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
levg.] Sir, not a day, not an hour could be
epartd for that purpose. I now affirm that we
could have saved the time of the House, we could
have saved the public treasure. The honor and
character of the House, as a legislative body,
would have been protected if the House had ac-
ceded to my proposition; for, sir, your Journals
now exhibit a scene of inconsistency and folly
which degrades the country, and which it will
require years to retrieve.
The gentleman from New York was too full of
the war spirit at that time to think about rules
We must remember the pomp and flourish of
language and manner which the gentleman em-
ployed in moving the appropriation bills on the
13th of January. No estimates had been fur-
nished, but he was a man who, according to his
own declaration, feared no responsibility. We
were in danger of being involved in war with
France, and the country was defenseless. He
was ready to dare everything for his country at
such a crisis, and he accordingly moved an amend-
ment of two millions to the bill for the increase
of the Navy. I am sure that any stranger in
the gallery on that day, who had no knowledge
of the actual state of our relations with France,
Military Appropriations—Mr. Bell.
must have concluded from the manner of the
gentleman that the country would certainly be
involved in all the horrors of war in thirty, or,
at most, in sixty days. Well, sir, under "these
warlike indications, 1 submitted, without calling
even for a division of the House; and, although
I did not then believe there was any ground to
apprehend war, yet, as the gentleman and his
friends had access to sources of information upon
that subject which were not within my reach, I
yielded to the propriety of proceeding with the
appropriation bills; and the Navy bill was taken
up and discussed that day. When the House
assembled on the next day, not one of all its
members, except those who were in the secrets
of those in power, could have imagined that any
other business would be permitted to take pre-
cedence of the Navy bill. What, then, must
have been our surprise, when the gentleman from
New Yoik, upon the oiders of the day being
announced fiom the chair, rose in his place, per-
fectly composed in his manner, and asked the
House to take up the bill for the relief of the
sufferers by fire in New York ! Thus, in a single
day, had the gentleman undergone a total change
in his opinions upon the propriety of immediate
action upon the appropriation bills. More than
two thirds of the House agreed to the gentleman's
proposition, and the fire bill was taken up and
discussed upon that day. Private business in-
tervened on Friday and Saturday of that week,
and petitions and other inferior business occu-
pied the Monday and Tuesday following. On
Wednesday and Thursday, the 20th and 21st of
January, the fire bill was again discussed; and,
on the morning of the 22d, the notorious resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] was introduced, and all the business of
the House was made to give way to that resolu-
tion by the vote of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] and all his political
friends in the House, except two or three very
sagacious members of the party. That proposi-
tion occupied the House five days; and, it so
happened, by the concuirence of a majority of |
the House, that other measures and propositions |
of inferior importance were permitted to usurp '
the place of the Navy bill until the 9th of Feb- |
ruary—nearly a month after the introduction of
that bill, under the pompo as circumstances I have '
described. The Navy bill was then discussed in
the afternoon of that and the two following days,
when it had to yield, first to private bills, and
then to the fire bill again; which, with other
business of minor interest, consumed the time of
the House, under the sanction of a majority of
its members, until the 2d day of March, when
the Navy bill once more came in for the attention
of the House during a portion of a day which
remained after the consideration of the fire bill.
It was discussed again on the 3d of March, when
it had, according to usage, to yield its place to
business of less interest to the public. So im-
portant did it appear to thepaity about this time,
to act upon the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions, which proposed to oust Mr. Graham, of
North Carolina, and give to Mr. Newland his
seat in this House, that this question was given
a preference over the Navy bill by the vote not
only of the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr.
Cambreleng,] but nearly every member of the
dominant party besides.
From the 3d of March the Navy bill was no
I -further acted upon until the 15th of that month,
1 when the consideration of it was resumed and
I continued during that and the two succeeding
I days, against the wishes of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] and his political
I   friends, who voted en masse to give the contested
election the preference on each of these days.
The Navy bill was again taken up and discussed
on two days of the succeeding week, when it
I yielded to the contested election, and was not
taken up again until Wednesday of the following
week, when it was discussed in the afternoon of
i two days more. It was again taken up and con-
sidered on the 5th and 6th days of .April, and on
the last day it was reported to the House by the
Committee  of the Whole on the  state of the
| Union.    Thus it appears that the whole number
II  of days, after the 13th day of January, on which
li the Navy bill was first moved, until the 6th of
Ho. op Reps.
April, inclusive, when it was reported to the
House, was only fourteen; and if we exclude one
day, on which it was taken up just before the
adjournment of the House, and after the day had
been chiefly consumed by other business, the
whole number of days on which this bill was
under discussion in Committee of the Whole will
be reduced to thirteen ! After it was reported to
the House, one day was consumed in a brief dis-
cussion of vanous amendments, and in taking
questions by yeas and nays. It must also be
borne in mind that this bill was never taken up
for discussion upon any one day, until one o'clock
in the afternoon, and often not until a later hour;
and if the leal pailiamentary time consumed in
the discussion of the Navy bill while in Committee
of the Whole be computed, it will be found that
the whole number of days is much less than I
have stated. But how was the remainder of the
time of the House consumed between the 13th
of January, when the Navy bill was first taken
up, and the 6th of April, when it was reported
from the Committee of the Whole in which it was
discussed' I will inform you, sir. Eleven days
were taken up in discussing the bill for the relief
of the sufferers by the late fire in New York; five
days more were consumed in the discussion of
the resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] in relation to the loss of the
three million appropriation of the last Congress;
and the question of the contested election between
Mr. Graham and Mr. Newland occupied seven
days. Two days which ought to have been
appropriated to the consideration of public busi-
ness were lost by the ad]ourning over; and who,
sir, is responsible for the priority thus given to
business of inferior importance, and for the waste
of time, at a period, too, when the country is
still said to have been exposed to the danger of
war with a powerful nation> I answer, the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] and
his political friends, the party in the majority m
this House. These are the responsible persons.
Their names will be found recorded with great
unanimity on every question in favor of the inter-
ference with the consideration of the Navy bill to
which I have alluded. It will be seen, from the
statement I have made upon this subject, that the
Navy bill has the advantage of the New York
fire bill, in regard to the time consumed in the
discussion of each, of three days only! The
Navy bill fourteen days, and the fire bill eleven,
days. Let this simple statement of facts be
compared with the representation of the Globe.
! I have been repeatedly charged, in the columna
of that paper, with having caused a waste of six
■weeks of the time of the House in the discussion
of the motion submitted by me in relation to the
navy-yard at Portsmouth. In another number
of the same infamous journal, it is stated that
fifty-eight days were consumed by me and the
friends with whom I act in this House, in a wa
upon that navy-yard; when, in truth, the general
discussion which took place upon my motion
consumed only some two or three hours on thir-
teen different days'
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam-
breleng] thought proper to confirm the repre-
sentations of the official journal in relation to the
object I had in view, in the course I pursued upon
i the Navy bill. That gentleman has thought
proper to comment upon the small number of
votes in favor of my motion to strike out the
entire appropriation for a navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, and leaves it to be inferred that my only
object in making the motion was to delay the
-action of the House upon that bill, and retard
the business of the  House generally.  'Such is
I the charge repeatedly made against me and the
few friends with whom I act in this House.
I beg leave to state what my course was upon
i the Navy appropriation bill.  When that bill came
I up for consideration on the 9th of February,
having a strong conviction that a war panic had
been created for party purposes, and that those
who were best advised upon the subject really
I had no apprehension of a wai, I moved to reduce
appropuations for the several navy-yards one
half, in order to test, if I could, the sincerity of
those who contended there was great danger of a
war with Fi anee.   The appropi lation for the ím-
I provement of the navy-yards m the bill which
