600
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Bond.
Ho. of Reps.
the present deposit banks is upwards of forty- i
three million dollars; their number at present is |
thirty-six, and the power to add to it is unlimited ! <\
The public money known to be on deposit is near
thirty-seven million dollars, and is daily increas-
ing. Five millions more are at this moment ex-
pected from France and Naples, in payment of
indemnities; and the seven millions of the United
States Bank stock will soon be paid; and thus
instead of forty millions there will be nearly one
hundred million dollars subject to this abuse!
And as we have now no national debt to reduce
this money, (except the balance due to some of
ourcitizensout ofthe indemnitiesjust mentioned,)
and as Mr. Van Curen's friends, who hold the
power in Congress, will not, it is said, agree to
divide this money among the States, the fund
must continue not only large, but subject to be
lost by the insolvency of the banks, or to be used
and abused, by bringing "the power of the Gen-
eral Government into conflict with the freedom
of the presidential election which is soon to take
place !
Sir, the people of Ohio are patriotic, brave, and
independent. They love their country, and will
devote their "lives, fortune, and sacred honor"
to its defense. They are jealous, too, of any en-
croachment on their State rights; they have just
cause to be proud of their State, and will not
suffer its sovereignty to be tarnished. They
abhor and will resist tyranny and oppression,
come when it will, or from whom it may. The
step now taken there is but an incipient measure
—an experiment; it will be met, and I trust re-
sisted. If tolerated, it will soon be reénacted in
another and another State, until the system of
" detached and independent banks" shall secure
to itself the exclusive control, as well over the
bank-note circulation as all the business of ex-
change throughout the United States. 1 now
warn and admonish gentlemen to be on the alert,
and join Ohio in the early, prompt, and determ-
ined resistance of this despotic and oppressive
measure. That which is a present trouble to us
awaits you all. Your house will be next on fire
if the flame be not at once subdued. A careless
indifference and sluggish lethargy at this crisis
will, I fear, soon discover m the people that they
have been allured, hot by siren s song, but the
subtile reasoning of the wily Secretary.                 ¡
Mr. B. said he would here beg leave to read to .
the House the following notice issued by the
receiver of public moneys at Zanesville, in Ohio:
" Notice to land purchaser?.                       \
" Pursuant to instructions received from the Clinton Bank
of Columbus, dated April 6, 1836, there will not be any
money, other than that annexed below, received at this
office in payment for public lands, after the 20th of this
month.
" Gold and silver.
" OAio.—Paper ofthe deposit banks, viz.: Clinton Bank of
Columbus, Commercial Bank of Cincinnati, Franklin Bank
of Cincinnati.
" New York—Paper of the banks in New York city,
Albany, and Buffalo.
" New Jersey—Paper of all the banks.
" Delaware.—Paper of all the banks.
" Pennsylvania.—Paper of the banks in Philadelphia,
York Bank, Lancaster, Harrisburg, Middletown, Columbia
Bridge, Chester County, Chambersburg, Carlisle, Pittsburg,
Merchants and Mechanics' Bank of Pittsburg.
" Maryland.—Paper of the banks at Baltimore, Farmers'
Bank of Maryland and branches, Hagerstown Rank, Fred-
erick County Bank, Farmers and Mechanics' Bank, Fred-
erick county,and Washington County Bank.
" District of Columbia.—Paper of all the banks.
" Virginia.—Paperof theBankof Virginia and branches,
Farmers' Bank of Virginia and branches, Bank of the Val-
ley of Virginia and branches, Merchants and Mechanics'
Bank, Wheeling.                 JOHN HALL, Receiver."
It is understood that similar instructions are
given to the other receivers who deposit at the
Clinton Bank. These orders most seriously affect,
and indirectly control, the currency and banks of
Ohio. Notwithstanding their established credit
and ample means, and although their notes are
payable and paid in specie on demand, the banks
in Ohio are to be discredited by the Government;
and for this purpose, power is given to one of the
youngest institutions in the State! What renders
this outrage and oppression still more unjust and
odious is, that, simultaneously with the discredit
of the Ohio banks, it is announced, from the same
source, that the public debts in Ohio may be paid
in notes of the banks in New York, Albany, and
Buffalo; in notes of all the banks in New Jersey
and Delaware, and of the District of Columbia;
and  in nearly all the banks of Pennsylvania, j
Maryland, and Virginia.                                         ¡
By this measure, Ohio is to be deprived of all (
the leading advantages of her banks; and her own
citizens will be constrained to become the reluc-
tant instruments of the work ! Our own banks,
with which our people are familiar, and whose
operations have so essentially contributed to aid
the enterprise of her citizens, and to the general
prosperity of the State, are thus suddenly dis-
credited, without cause; and the notes of favored
banks in New York and some other States are.to
take their place. The direct tendency of this
step is to drive the notes of the Ohio banks out
of circulation, and to transfer the specie from the
State to the Atlantic cities, especially New York;
to which, it seems, all the States must pay tribute;
and before long, probably, we shall all be con-
strained to make there a kind of pilgrimage as to
Mecca!
The circulation in Ohio is hereafter to consist
of the notes of certain favorite banks, most of
them situate in distant States, and of which our
people have no knowledge whatever. This oper-
ation promotes the interest of the few to the
injury of the many, and constitutes an odious
monopoly! Heretofore, when the people of Ohio
wanted specie, and held the notes of her banks,
it could be easily obtained; but when those banks
shall have been, as they are about to be, op-
pressed out of existence, and the notes of the
New York, New Jersey, and other State banks
shall constitute our circulation, where will our
people get specie for aa emergency? Mr. Taney,
in his report, said:                                                   \
" By agreement among themselves [the deposit banks] to
honor each other's notes and drafts, they are providing a |
general currency, at least as sound as that of the Bank of ■
the United States."                                                      j
Has this agreement been formed ?   Will these
deposit banks redeem, when in the hands of in-
dividuals, the  notes of each other, indiscrimin-
ately?    They are not bound to do so by any
express contract, of which the public is aware,
and certainly no implied promise exists.    In this,
then, the nation has been disappointed.    But Mr.
Woodbury, in his report, says many of these
banks " have entered into salutary arrangements
for the redemption in our larger cities of most of
their bills which may be received in payment of
public dues."    Here, then, is the " better cur-
rency" which was promised !    Let us analyze it.
The Secretary says' many—not all, but many—
of these banks have a salutary arrangement—not
to honor each other's notes, whether held by the
Government or people, as implied, if not ex-
pressed, in what Mr. Taney said; but to redeem
in our large cities, not all, but most of their bills
not held by individuals, but which are received
in payment of public dues.   By the contract, in
regard to the public deposits, as reported by the
Secretary, the deposit banks are bound to trans-
fer all moneys for the Government.   Then, what
advantage or accommodation is gained by this
salutary arrangement, either to the Government
or people ?   None.    It is a mere parade, used ad
captandum.    The Government did not need it,
and the great body of the people rarely go to
New York and the other large cities; but if they
did, they could not avail themselves of this salu-
tary arrangement, for it is only to redeem notes
received in payment of public dues!    The com-
munity, then, will be obliged to submit to losses
and discounts on the different bank notes, the
profits of which will pass into the hands of the
usurers or brokers, who will soon be found in
every town and village of the State.    Since this
i oppressive step, its influences are already felt.
I have to-day seen a newspaper printed in Cin-
i cinnati, which states that all the notes of the
Ohio banks, not payable in that city, are at a
discount there of from one to five per cent.
We were promised a better currency; and the
1 improvement consists in substituting bank notes,
j to which we are entire strangers, for those we
are familiar with and have confidence in !    We
J were told by Mr. Taney that the " change had
rescued the poorer classes from almost the whole
inconvenience to which they chiefly were exposed
by the discredit of bank notes, and from most of
the losses they suffered by counterfeits."  What
an instructive commentary is the order referred
to on the text just quoted ! The first movement of
the Treasury is to drive out of circulation, "atone
fell swoop," all the notes of twenty-eight of the
thirty-one Ohio banks, in which many of the peo-
ple have a direct interest, and all have confidence !
This step is immediately followed by introducing
among us the notes of some forty or fifty differ-
ent banks of other States, in which the citizens
of Ohio have no interest and but little confidence,
and in receiving which they will be doubly ex-
posed to all the inconvenience arising from dis-
credited bank notes, and their danger of losses by
counterfeits increased tenfold.
We are told by Mr. Woodbury that the cur-
rency was never more uniform, nor domestic ex-
change at so moderate rates; and yet his ngent in
Ohio says that the notes of the State banks before
mentioned command a premium in Ohio—a state
of things until now unknown there for many
years. I am assured by an intelligent merchant
just from Ohio, and the same thing is confirmed
by a letter from a gentleman of great respecta-
bility in that State, that the banks in Columbus
(the Clinton Bank being one of them) are unabfe,
or decline, to furnish checks on the eastern cities
upon any terms.
We were assured by Mr. Taney that no one
of these banks would, under his arrangement,
possess that absolute and almost unlimited do-
minion over the property of the citizens of the
United States which, he said, the Bank of the
United States held,and by which it was enabled,
at any moment, at its pleasure, to distress the
country. Yet, we now see one ofthe youngest
banks in Ohio holding all this power, derived,
too, directly from the Secretary ofthe Treasury,
and exercising it in a manner calculated to pro-
duce all the baneful influences and effects from
which it was promised we were to be freed.
It is proper for me to explain to the House that,
in the Western country, it is essential to the gen-
eral currency and credit of bank notes that they
be taken in payment for public lands, and it is an
immediate passport to a bank note to say of it
that it is " land office money." With this ex-
planation, I cannot here omit to press upon the
consideration of gentlemen the violent and un-
happy consequences which threaten the banks
and people of Ohio, under this sudden change in
their currency. At a moment when the circula-
tion of all the banks is greatly expanded, and an
extensive credit created in general business and
trade, with no reason to anticipate a shock—at
this moment, I say, the Treasury, by its agent,
issues an order which discredits nearly the whole
bank note circulation in Ohio, and must return the
notes ofthe different banks so rapidly as to com-
pel them, however reluctantly, to press their
debtors. Here, again, it will be remembered that
Mr. Taney, in his report, urged that all such re-
duction in circulation should be gradually made,
without giving a shock to the currency, or pro-
ducing a pressure on the community. By way of '
enforcing this self-evident proposition he added,
that such a pressure compelled the State banks to
call on their debtors and curtail their accounts,
which became still more onerous where specie
was required; as, in such case, the banks were
obliged to make requisitions in the proportion of
five to one; that is, in order to get one hundred
thousand dollars in silver, they would be con-
strained to reduce their accommodations or dis-
counts five hundred thousand dollars. Are we
not surprised, then, to see Mr. Woodbury adopt-
j ing these very measures, so justly condemned by
I Mr. Taney, as producing disastrous consequences
to the country? Mr. B. said he had fearful an-
[ ticipations for his fellow-citizens if this measure
was persevered in, as it must compel the banks not
only to curtail their discounts, and make heavy
requisitions on their debtors, but, in the sequel,
] drain the State and people of all their specie,
leaving in exchange a chequered circulation of
bank notes from other States, to be in turn dis-
credited. By this order the notes of the bank in
i the town where the receiver resides, (Zanesville,)
! and the notes of the Franklin Bank of Columbus,
in the same street and town with the Clinton
Bank, are discredited, though equal in all respects,
and one, if not both, superior in others, to that
deposit bank. Why is this so? Because they
will not agree to redeem their notes in New York,
