602
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong....1st Sess.
all banking institutions which claim public confidence and
credit should be show 11 far and wide, to all interested, fully
to deserve that coulidence and credit."
Afterthese opinions and principles, thus avowed
by the two Secretaries when discussing the very
subjects now under consideration, and now at a
time when the amount of public money is so
great, and oar suspicions and fears are both justly
excited in regard to the verity of the returns and
safety of these banks, I am surprised to see such
reluctance to su >nnt to, and, indeed, an undis-
guised shrinking from investigation. Why this
concealment' " All mystery on the subject of
banking should cease. It is unworthy ot the age
in which we live, and the form of government
■which we support." Let the real condition of
these banks be known to the people, who have
so much at hazard with these institutions. The
solvency of many of these banks is doubted, and
a sciutinyinto their concerns is demanded acr
cordmgly. Why not take the suggestion of Mr.
Woodbury, and appoint a committee to verify
the correctness of the returns of these banks by
actual examination > I am decidedly of opinion
that the public money is not safe. I do not hes-
itate to say, that if it were demanded at this mo-
ment, or even upon a six months' notice, many
of these banks would be unable to pay. If specie
only is received, as is the professed but not the
practical usage " of the party," the debt cannot
be paid at all' Let us examine for a few mo-
ments the condition of some of these banks. By
the last returns it appears that the Commercial
Bank of Portsmouth, in New Hampshire, with
a capital of $102,000, has about $10,000in specie,
with a circulation of more than $100,000, and
holds upwards of $222,000 of public money!
They have about one dollar in specie for every
twenty dollars of public debt! And if you regard '
their loans and discounts, what evidence have we
of the solvency of their debtors ' This inquiry
may be fairly urged against all of these banks.
The Savings Institution at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, with a capital of $96,000, and something
upwards of $50,000 in specie, has $510,000 of
the public money.
The Farmers and Mechanics'Bank of Mich-
igan, at Detroit, with a capital of $150,000,
(whether all paid in or not is uncertain,) has
$59,000 in specie, and upwards of $700,000 of the
public money '
The Bank of Michigan, at Detroit, with a cap-
ital of $443,200, has $62,000 in specie, and up-
wards of $1,100,000 of the public money !
The Planters' Bank of Mississippi, at Natchez,
with a capital of $4,000,000, has $438,000 in
specie, and more than $2,740,000 of the public
money'
I could go though the whole list, and the result
would be but little better. I repeat again, that
the ability of all these banks to pay the public
debts depends upon the solvency of their debtors;
and this, together with the verity of their returns,
ought to be tested by personal inquiry and inspec-
tion . The Secretary of the Treasury must neces-
sarily be a stranger to these facts, and it cannot
derogate from him in the slightest degree for this
House to appoint a committee to make this in-
vestigation. I have already shown that he rec-
ommends this course.
One item in the returns of these banks is of a
most suspicious character—I mean the column
of " other investments," amounting, on the 1st
of March, to about twelve million dollars ' Mr.
Woodbury says this item is made up of " sus-
pended debt, stock bonds," &c. This explana-
tion, so far from relieving, increases my fears and
apprehensions for the safety of the public money.
No well-regulated bank ever classes its suspended
debt as an investment. A suspended debt ofien
shows the insolvency, and always the present
disability of the party topay. What part of this
$12,000,000 is made up of suspended debt' And
1 should like to know in what stocks, bonds,
&c., these banks have been investing the public
money. Stock operations generally, and especial-
ly in New Yoik, where, it seems, much of this
money is being concentrated, aie, in many in-
stances, speculative and visionary, approaching
a continued scene of extravagant gambling! We
hear of" fancy stocks," and of a stnfe between
one set of operators called " bulls, "and of another
Public Deposits—Mr. Bond.
called" bears," with other refined namesand cant
| phrases, which would make suitable additions to
the dictionary of the "canting crew " Those
who sell stock are, with a view to its high price,
constantly engaged in puffing and tossing up its
value in the market, and hence are called " bulls;"
but the buyers, equally vigilant over their in-
terest, and designing to exert a counteracting
influence, depiess and tread down the value, and
nre therefore called " bears." In this same strife,
each day brings sudden fortune to one, and vio-
lent reverse to another! Is it safe to have the
public money thus placed in such imminent peril>
Report says, many of these banks, with a view
to make great profits out of their deposits, not
only discount on them, but send large sums to
these cities, with a view to " other investments."
This must be attended with great hazard; not
only the usual risk of transmission, but the un-
certain result of a stock, if not of a gambling
operation. It is said, indeed, that these risks are
incurred by the banks, and not by the public.
But the danger of the insolvency of these batiks
is the risk which the Government incurs. It will
be but poor consolation for us to know that the
banks are legally responsible, if they have not
the means and the ability to pay. If these banks
are allowed to discount on and use this money
for their own profit, we ought to be fully satis-
fied that their business is prudently conducted,
and their pay-lists sound. I invoke this House
to deliberate well before they refuse to appoint a
committee of inquiiy.
The hope of gain prompts to rash and extrav-
agant speculations and risks. A prudent man
would withdraw his moneyfrom an agent whom |
he found putting it at hazard. Ought we to do |
less, as the Representatives of the people > Al-
ready, and during our present session, one of
these institutions* has lost $100,000, and some
say more, in sending it to one of the larger cities.
That same bank has the custody of upwards of
$2,000,000 of the public moneys, much the greater
part of which is held by it at an agency estab-
lished at St. Loins, Missouu; but under what
law or authority, I know not I do not wish
nor intend to disparage this bank. I am ac-
quainted with its principal officers, and have
pleasure in saying that, in my intercourse with
I them, they have manifested a great spirit of ac-
commodation. But in the discharge of a high
public duty, I was compelled to refer to the facts
just mentioned.
I      This item of " other investments," it is said,
also covers portions of the public money which
is placed in the hands of brokers and agents to
obtain extravagant and oppressive rates of inter-
est, and to purchase stocks, notes, and bonds at
large discounts during an occasional pressure in
the money market—an employment of the public
, money, which, to say nothing o( its risks, is a
disparagement to the nation. In every possible
aspect in which this matter can be considered,
this investigation is called for.
The statements of these banks are full of sus-
picion; the sufficiency and solvency of the means
!  relied   on  for payment are  questionable.     All
II  these, as well as the general verity of the returns,
ought to be tested; the system is new, and but
j  " an experiment."   It has been in operation near
I  three yeais without investigation, and it is time
I  it was scrutinized; this is always found a salu-
taiy process in pecuniary concerns.    If the prin-
cipal is vigilant, the agent will be prudent; but
if the one is negligent, the other becomes so;
j and the consequence is often the loss of the one
i and the ruin of the other.
I     A similar investigation took place before the
late Bank of the United States had been in opera-
tion two years; and it is generally admitted that
it was attended with beneficial influences on the
bank, and happy results to the country.    Since
I that time, and particularly within the last four
[   years, these inquiries have been pressed, and
made  by committees under the oider of this
House.   And, on one occasion, the President of
I   the United States, upon a mere suggestion that
the public money was not safe in the Bank of the
United States, appointed Henry Toland, Esq ,
of Philadelphia, as a special agent, with full
* The Commercial Bank of Cincinnati.
Ho. of Reps.
powers to institute the most ample inquiry con-
I nectcd with the solvency of the debtois of the
I bank, and its general ability to refund. Any
apparent hesitancy on the part of the bank to
submit to such inquiry was uniformly inteipieted
as indicative of a disposition to shrink from this
" searching operation."
On the score of usage, this investigation is
called for; and the necessity for it is such that,
in my judgment, if it is not now made, we shall,
in many cases, have " a beggaily account of
empty boxes."
These investigations were often made, although
the Government never had, at any time, half as
much at stake as it now has; often, indeed, but
little interest, except asa stockholder. If wc refer
to the state of the Bank of the United States at
the period of the greatest amount of public de-
posits held by it, and make a similar icfeionce to
the returns from the deposit banks, with a view to
the comparative safety of the money under the
two systems, it will be seen that the risk is de-
cidedly the greatest now. This is emphatically
the case, whether you consider the united capital
of the deposit banks a common fund to pay the
debts of each as partners, or take them sepa-
rately, and hold each liable only fonts own debts.
And yet Mr. Woodbury, in contrasting the two
systems, and speaking of the safety of the public
money, says:
"The chief change, in this respect, under the present
system, has been in procuring the responsibility of several
institutions lor separate and smaller sums ot money, matead
of the single responsibility of one institution for a \ ery large
sum of money."
Again:
" The selected banks, without disparagement of other?,
are, or ought to be, chosen from the most flourishing and
secure "
I again call the attention of the House to the
cases of the deposit banks before particularly
named, and, indeed to every one of them now hold-
ing public money. A reference to the statements
furnished by the Secretary himself will prove him
in error as to this supposed advantage. Next,
let us compare and consider the two systems in
the aggregate. In doing so, I will assume
$10,000,000 as the maximum of public deposits
in the Bank of the United States, (and they íarely
amounted to half that sum;) add this to theamount
of stock owned by the Government, and we have
$17,000,000 as the greatest amount at hazard in
that bank. The capital of that bank, we know,
was $35,000,000; and, at the period alluded to, it
held near $11,000,000 in specie. I will now men-
tion similar items taken from the returns of the
deposit banks to the 1st of April, 1836. The pub-
lic deposits in these banks, as befoie stated, are
nearly $37,000,000; their united capital (if it even
be all paid in) is $43,690,980 28; and their total
amount of specie is between $10,000,000 and
$11,000,000. It is thus apparent that there was
less danger of loss under the old than the present
system. I have omitted the other items of loans,
discounts, circulation,&c, in which the compari-
son might be extended; but if any person will
take the trouble to refer to these, the result will
be the same. This risk is daily increasing, by
the fuither accumulation of the revenue, and the
large items befoifi mentioned, to be derived from
France and Naples, and the proceeds of the bank
stock. This compauson has been made, as if the
whole means of all these banks were liable for the
debts of each; but this is not the case; we have
only the " single responsibility " of these institu-
tions, not for "the smaller sums," as the Secre-
tary stated, but for, the very large amounts of
money!
This committee should be appointed, and the
inquiry made touching the connection which ex-
ists between those banks and their mysterious
agent, Mr. Whitney, who now occupies a room
in the Treasury Department.    It is said,indeed,
'   that he pays the rent of the room held by him.
It may be so; but it is not very probable that the
Secretary, in renting a tenement for the Depart-
ment, suffered the propnetor to  retain a room
"to let" for individual puiposes.   If such be the
fact, it was at least more economical than  piu-
dent; as such an occupancy enlaiges the danger
from incendiaries, by which the countiy, in that
i   very Department, has so recently suffered as not
ll to be unmindful of it.   Without intending to in-
