1836.]
APPENDI    TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
21th Cong....1st Sess.
Relief of District Cities—Mr. Shepard.
Ho. of Reps.
requms the union of the pioMsions of the Con-
s'i u' on, m act of Contri s5, uml the rules of the
two Houses, to torn ih i< and c\ii\ out the work
ofle.i «'at on in ill lis parts, And to viikt it known
ti'h pe ip'' You i's > pL u, no the safeguards
« i i i l if svstem tuinislus to detict inor and
prov itmistikts I com nil, when v bill passes
thr villi t'i ordi il *ir u ul il by this svstem, and
is r'i 'idtd in the office of the S eretuy ot St\U,
it t i e Kchvus a itcoid of what the law is,
and, is s ich, is to be veuiied undei the seal, and
cannot be cnntuiverted by opposing to it the man
u*-i pt oi punted .Touniil, oi the oral testimony
oft' C'erks ot the two Houses, or of any man
I do not mem to asstrt that tht guauls aie t.0
mini rous that tht íe is no possibility of mistakt,
and that a lull which never pissed both Houses
could not possibly meet with the approval of the
Presidí nt \nd find itswiytothe reeoul m the
Statt Depaitment I mean no such thing, foi I
ne'lkiin  thit nil hnmm transitions pioceed
from imptrftet beings, prone to en and liable to
mistakt , and therefore I admit the possibility,
or, it you choose, the probability, in the present
case, of the existence of a mistake. It ni w be
that the bi'l for the benefit of-\lfoid and Biush
never did pass both lloust s, and unless it did, it
is nit 1 aw Hut tht f let of its h iv ing bt en signed
by the prts dmg officers, approved and signed by
tie Pr sidtnt, eximmed by th^ Comnutlee ot
Enrollments, and by tin m pi es nttd to the Piesi-
dent, and recorded in the Secretaiy's office, aie
evidence that the bill did pass both Houses, and
all that can be urged against it to the contiaiy is
the statement, in the Journal of the Sen Ate, that
it was indefinitely postponed If there be con-
flicting ev idence, which shall prevail5 Certainly
that which is recognised by law and made evi-
dence by express provision Such is the ev idence
to ue derived from the records in the State De-
partment, whereas the evidence derived fiom the
Journal lias no validity imparted to it, either by
the Constitution or by any statute, nor is there
any mode provided for obtaining the evidence the
Journal may furnish when wanted.
In the nature of things theie is no more reason
for confiding  in  the  statements  of the Journal
than in the acts of the presiding officers of the
two Houses and the Committee on Enrollments.
Their acts declare that the bill did pass.    The
signing of bills by the presiding officers is a very
solemn   act,  all   other   business   is   suspended,
the title of the bill or act, about to be signed, is
distinctly read   aloud, in the presence of each
House, and if it never had passed, any member
might rise and make the question.    Here is op-
portunity to correct and detect mistakes.    Who
can say that the agents engaged in this work are
more liable to blunder and mistake than the Clerk
who makes up the Journal'    Has it come to
this, that we are to ascertain whether an act pub-
lished in the statute-book is or is not law, by
enuring into the inquiry, or rather by allowing
an executive officer to go into the inquiry, whether
the presiding officers of the two Houses, or their
clerks, are most liable to  make mistakes'    In
postponing bil's indefinitely, the Cleik may mis-
take the title of a bill which was passed for that
w hich was postponed, and make his entry accord-
ingly on thf Journal.    The mistake may escape
detection; and if it should, accoiding to the prac-
tical doctrine of the Secretary of War, then the
mistake of the Clerk would actually nullify an
act of Congress.    Suppose  the manuscript or
printed journal should state that a certain bill
was indefinitely postponed, when a member of
Congress, paying particular attention to the sub-
ject of that bill remembered distinctly, and was
willing to swear that the bill was duly passed and
approved, and regularly signed by the Speaker,
would not the affidavit of the member be as satis-
factory evidence in favor of the law as the Jour-
nal would be against it'    I  state this case to
show the absurdity of departing from the record
evidence of what the law is, as furnished in the
Department of State, and adopting other tests
heretofore unknown.    The Journal of the last
day of the session is not read by the Clerk in the
presence of the members of Congress, and they
have   no  opportunity  to   correct any  mistake
which, in the hurry of business, maybe com-
mitted by the Clerk.
It may be said that the Constitution gives force
and otT ct to the Journals, and makes them equiv- '
alent to iecords,aml nnpaits to them the intrinsic
\tnt\ ofiecords. That the Constitution intended
the puníais of each House to be evidence for
some pui post s no one can deny, but that the Con-
stitution designed to make the Journals the highest
and best evidence, and the fountain whence you
must diavv youi information to decide questions
like this befoie us, I dtny. The act of 1789 is
unconstitutional, if the Journals alone are to be
consulted in ordei to asceitain what the law Is;
for that act piovules ndiffcient mode, which could
not be done if the Constitution prescribed the
mode Why, then, did the Constitution require
Joui nals to be kept and published ' I answer that
tin leading objt rt, if not the only one, was to lay
before the people the conduct of their represent-
atives, and to exhibit their legislative histoiy.
The gieat value of the Journals consists in the
Veas and navs. The people, in a representative
government, have a right—a right of all others
tho most valuible—to control their representa-
tives, to dismiss them whenc\cr their course is
disapprovt d, and to select otheis to manage their
all uis The people cannot bring their repiesent-
ativ t s to a settlemt nt without keepingan account
ngiinst them. Tin Jonrn il contains the account;
the jt is and nays exhibit the items for and
agunst each represe ntative; nnd the publication
ot the Journalen ibles the citizen vott r, who is the
judge foi the occasion, to sum up the items and
balance the account The íepresentative is ac-
countable to his constituents. The lequirements
of the Constitution in legaid to the Jouinal were
intended to secuie and enforce a practical respons-
ibility on the part of the representative. In this
view, the yeas and nays on propositions which
never become laws aie as important as on those
which pass
If the Piesident objects to the passage of a bill
and refuses to sign it, he is required to leturn it,
with his objections, to that House in which it
originated In such case the Constitution directs
that his objections (not the contents of the bill)
shall be enteied at laige upon the Journal, and
that the vote on reconsideration shall be taken
by yeas and na\ s. In such a case it may be con-
tended thatthe Constitution designed to make the
Jouinal evidence of the law. Not so. The con-
tents of the bill should appear on the Journal, if
w e aie to look in it to find the law. The Consti-
tution does not require that. But as the exercise
of the veto power places the President and the
two Houses of Congress in conflict before the
nation, and as the principles involved in such
cases will generally be of the first importance, the
Constitution íequires that the political issue be-
tween the President and Congress should be
fairly made up and presented, so that the tiyers,
the votéis of the country, may have the case fully
stated when they come to sit in judgment. Such
was the great object of the convention in those
constitutional provisions which relate to the ob-
jections of the President, and the yeas and nays
on reconsideration.
The question before us derives additional im-
portance at the present time, from the doctrines
started on the subject of expunging. What will
be the consequences of establishing the right to
expunge, and justifying the conduct of the Sec-
retary of War in this case' The most fearful
I and corrupt results may ensue. A servile Senate,
forgetful of the motives and reasons which induced
the fathers of the Constitution to institute their
body, lost to every sense of personal dignity and
| self-respect, either individually or in the aggre-
gate, and fitted by degradation to offer the incense
of flattery to the nostrils of power, so that " thrift
may follow fawning," can, by uniting the doc-
trines of expunging with the practice of the Sec-
retary, construct an engine of executive despot-
ism strong enough to crush the liberties of this
country. When a President wants a pretext upon
which to refuse tbeexecution of a law or a treaty,
he has nothing to do but to set his minions to
work, and to have the Journal showing the vote
on its passage, or the advice and consent of the
Senate in treaty cases, expunged, and then, sir,
he may say there is no law, there is no treaty,
and set up for himself.
It may be asked whether there is no remedy in
case a bill, through mistake,should be signed by
the presiding officers of each House, approved
by the President, and find its way to the records
in the State Department' There is a remedy. It
is, to repeal the act. Congress must apply the
remedy, and, in deciding upon the propriety of
a repeal, it 11 a legitimate inquiry whether or not
any mistake was committed in the passage of the
bill. Upon such inquiry, the Journals may be
received as evidence, and may have such weight
as each member chooses to give to them, and
they might be lepelled by parol testimony. Of
all this Congress has the exclusive right to judge.
If the Secretary of War has the right, he may
always refuse to execute an act of Congress.
Pass a second, a third, and a fourth bill for the
relief of Alford and Brush, and the Secretary may
refuse to execute any of them, alleging the ex-
istence of mistake. It is no answer to say that
you would impeach him for repeated refusals,
that such conduct would manifest corruption.
He may honestly refuse obedience in every case,
if you allow him tojudge; and I am one of those
who think there can be no conviction upon im-
peachment unless corruption is established and
fixed upon the accused. My argument is intended
to show that the executive officer has no discre-
tion, no right to look behind the law as published
by the proper authority.
As a judicial question, there is not an intelli-
gent tribunal in the United States which would
hesitate a moment in pronouncing the act for the
benefit of Alford and Brush the law of the land.
No lawyer could frame a special plea to get be-
hind the record in the State Department. A law
obligatory on the padiciary ought certainly to be
obeyed by executive officers.
I have thus, sir, presented my views of this
singular and novel case. I believe the Secretar/
has erred, but through no bad motive.
RELIEF OF DISTRICT CITIES.
REMARKS OF HON. W. B. SHEPARD,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 6, 1836,
Upon the bill for the relief of the several corporate Cities < f
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHEPARD said, having been the organ
of the committee through whom the bill for the
relief of the several District cities was reported,
I was aware the usual forms of legislation re-
quired I should state the reasons which induced
the committee to report the bill in its present
shape. I purposely forebore on yesterday mak-
ing any reply to the very extraordinary argu-
ments which had been brought against the bill,
because I thought it was manifestly injudicious
to enter into a general argument in that " dead
sea," a Committee of the Whole, where the shor1.
space of time alloAved to the District business
would have been exhausted without the possibil-
ity of any final result. I regretted very much or
yesterday to perceive the source whence the
strongest and most fatal opposition to this bil!
arose. Gentlemen seem not disposed to discuss
the business of the District upon its own exclu-
sive merits, but they go abroad in search of every
odious topic to hurl upon its devoted head. One
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.HAWEs] labored
with much zeal to assimilate this measure of re-
lief to the Maysville road bill. I was not for-
tunate enough to discover the pertinency of the
gentleman's argument, or what analogy there
exists between the principles of this bill and the
Maysville road bill which was vetoed by the Pres-
ident. That gentleman was so kind as to give
something he called advice to the individuals com-
posing the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. The service on that committee, I am fully
aware, is extremely unpleasant—not because I
am indisposed to discharge any duties which may
be assigned me by this House, but because it is
disgusting to witness the temper and spirit with
which the most ordinary appropriations for the
benefit of this District are received in this House.
Some gentlemen seem to regard the District of
| Columbia with the same feelings with which doc-
| tors regard animal life j they look upon it as a rat
