1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Relief of District Cities—Mr. Shepard.
Ho. of Reps.
the canal owned at this time by the several cities,  i
and w Inch the bill proposes to take as a security
for  loaning to the  Distiict the emiie sum that
stock has tost them, there is anothei con->ideia-
tion which deserves the attention of this body.
We have before us a letter fiom the Seeretaiy
of the Treasury, in whuli he says "he has
received fiom the Mayor of the City of Wash-
ington the unpleasant information of the inability
of the corpoiation of Washington to provide for
the payment of the interest on the loan contiacted
under the act of May 24th, lb28. Your letter
his been submitted to the Piesulent,and he has,
with great regret,felt obliged, in compliance with
the provisions of that act. to appoint Tench Ring-
gold, Esq , the collector of the tax imposed
thereby to meet the deficiency which at piesent
exists, that deficiency amounts to the sum of
£27,500, as will be seen," &c.
It is unnecessary, at this time, for me to enter
very particularly into the consideration of the
provisions of this act of the 24th of May, 1828;
it is sufficient to observe that, under the authority
of this act, the District cities contracted their
Holland loan; that the United States stand pledged
to the Holland creditors-, that if the money is not
Eaid by a certain time, the President of the United
tales shall cause the money to be collected and
paid into the public Treasury for the benefit of
the Holland creditors. The President has already
been notified that Washington, the principal
debtor, is unable to pay. The question now
arises, and it is one inevitably forced upon us,
from which there is no escape—shall we stand
bv and see the District of Columbia, the capital
of the United States, sold at public auction, for
the benefit of a foreign creditor, and the President
of the United States compelled, by your own
law, to play the auctioneer of the capital of his
country' or, sir, shall we interpose, as the
guarantor of the debt, take the security, and dis-
charge the claim' Were I disposed to appeal to
the American feeling of this House, I have no
doubt that I would meet with but one response;
but I am not disposed to urge this bill upon any
such grounds; 1 think the District has merits of
a higher character, which need only to be under-
stood to be admitted.
It might here be very properly asked, what
authority had the Congress of the United States
to lay, or, if you please, to authorize others to
levy, a tax upon the cities of the District of
Columbia of $1,500,000, to cut a canal through
the Alleghany mountains ' This certainly is not
a tax for municipal purposes, and I presume it
will not be contended that Congiess have a right
to authorize taxes within the District foi any
other purposes, unless those taxes are uniform
throughout the Union, which the Constitution
of the United States has made indispensably
necessary to every species of taxation.
The same construction of the powers of Con-
gress which would authorize a local tax within
this District to cut a canal in the States of Mary-
land and Virginia, would justify a similar tax for
deepening the Mississippi. 1 will not enlarge
upon this point; I will simply say, that, were I a
citizen of this District, in possession of property
acquired since the passage of the law of May,
lb28, and the collector appointed under that act
were to attempt to sell my estate, I would at least
inquire of some man learned in the laws and Con-
stitution of my country if my doubts were well
founded. Assuming, however, sir, that the act
of 1828 is perfectly correct, the question arises,
and it is one which presses upon our immediate
attention, has not this Government incurred re-
sponsibilities towards the foreign creditors, which
in justness and fairness it is bound to discharge ?
I think it clearly has. The act of Congress
and the correspondence of the Secretary of the
Treasury unequivocally place the Federal Gov-
ernment in the condition of guarantor of the Hol-
land debt. The Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Rush, writes a letter to the Messrs. Barings, in
which he says:
" The mtion is interested m the object to which the
loan looks, and has provided, m various wavs, for the ad-
vancement of that object, as well as pledged means under
its control, for the security of the loan I deem it proper,
with Ule approbition of the President of the United States,
to make the inquiry With what good faith this Govern-
ment, unce it  adoption, has fulfilled all the pecuniary
obligations that hive attached to it, need not be said on this
occasion "
He fuither says in his remaiks on the loan,
addressed to foreign capitalists:
" litre i* a specific fund set apart for him (the foreign
capitalist) bv tlu law, it consists of real and personal es-
t ue vv ithin the metropolis ot the nation, this estate is Mib
ji ctcd to ta\ation in lull and adequate amount to pav the
dtbt Tin Government nt the United States is the super-
intending power, bound to watch over his interests, to see
that he is paid, and paid punttually "
It is, however, unnecessary to rummage over
the voluminous and tedious conespondence of
the former Secretary to find expiessions calcu-
lated to induce the belief on the mind of the for-
eign creditor that this Government would guar-
anty the debt The act of Congress contains, in
my opinion, sufficient for that purpose, and such
would be the decision of any respectable court of
competent jurisdiction. Unless some five years'
service on tins floor has obliterated from my mind
every remnant of law I ever possessed, I hazard
nothing in saying that where an individual, by
letter of ciedit, or otherwise, induces a money
lendei to loan money to a fnend, that individual
becomes aguaiantor of the solvency of his friend.
Whether tins is sound law or not, the foreign
cieditors so considered it, and upon that view of
the subject loaned their money; and I hope, when
the contingency auses, this Government will
never degiade itself from the high position it
now occupies among the nations of the earth, by
availing itself of a legal quibble to avoid a pecu-
niary obligation
If, then, this Government stand towards the
foreign creditors as guarantors, what is our con-
dition if the District cities should be unable to
pay > At all events the President of the United
States is compelled, by the act, to attempt the
collection of this debt. The cities have told us
they have struggled on as long as it was in their
power to do so. In the language of the Washing-
ton memorial, " the whole revenue of the city is
insufficient to pay the debts of the city. They
are no longer able to open and improve streets, to
light the city, to erect bridges, or even to provide
for the poor." In a word, as corporations they |
are insolvent.
Can this debt be collected by the President'
The debts of the corporation of the city of Wash- 1
ington amount to $1,886,079 50; of Georgetown
to $405,148 49; of Alexandria to #477,776 96—
total about $2,769,000     This sum will have to
be collected almost entirely from the real estate
within the three corporations.    Mr. Rush, in his
communication to the foreign creditors, when he
seems urging all the arguments which his inge-
nuity could array to give them confidence, esti-
mates the assessed value of the property within
the city at $5,000,000; Georgetown and Alexan-
dria $2,500,000 each —total value $10,000,000.
This assessment was doubtless at that time be-
yond the real market value of the property.    It
was a time of great prospenty, of high hopes, and
flattering expectations.   Since then, property has
declined in this District more than fifty per cent.
in value.    Since the commencement of the ses-
sion of Congress, property of the most eligible
character has sold at public auction in this city at
about one fourth of its original cost.    Suppose,
however, the unincumbered value of the real es-
tate within the District is really $5,000,000, when
we take into consideration the numerous mort-
gages and deeds of trust which, in all embarrassed
I communities, spread over the land, I ask this com-
i mittee if they think it possible for the President
to collect near $3,000,000 from such a community'
I am told, from the best authority, that the thing
is impracticable.    Who are to become the pur-
chasers > The foreign creditors'  No! They say,
We look to the Government.    They know very
well that the people of the United States will not
permit themselves to be denounced as cheats and
impostors, in every market throughout Europe,
for so paltry a sum as this foreign debt.   The
credit of all American stocks would suffer thrice
that amount.    Are the individuals of the United
States to become purchasers'   No!   They will
not buy a perpetual debt.  The Government, then,
must enter the field, and in every lot buy a law-
suit.    A condition of things not to be desn ed by
any man who consults either economy or the
character of the country.
It is frequently said, but I think without a
sufficient investigation of this matter, that the
people of the District brought this burden upon
themselves, and should be made to bear it.
At the time of the passage of the act of 1828,
internal improvement seemed to be the settled
policy of the Government, such was the opinion
in this section of the country
The canal, as originally contemplated, was to
be but thirty feet wide and three feet deep, a
dimension within the capacity of those who com-
menced it. The attention of the Government
was attracted to it, and it was called and consid-
ered a great national work. The act of 24th
May, 1828, subscubmg $1,000,000, was passed
upon condition that the dimensions of the canal
should be enlarged. To this cause (the enlarge-
ment of the canal) is to be attributed the delay
in the execution of the woik, the exhaustion of
the funds of the company, and the consequent
embarrassment of the proprietors. If the Gov-
ernment, by the enlargement of the canal, has
embarrassed the concern, and subsequently with-
drawn from it, she ought at least to put her poor
copartners in the same condition they would
have been had they never been associated with
her.
One of the cities of the District, I mean Alex-
andi ía, with a pi udence and a caution justified by
her situation, pievious to adventuring so large
a part of her capital in the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, awaited the action of Government, and
subscribed her money, underthe impression, and
almost, I might say, full understanding that the
Government regarded this work as belonging to
the nation.
Is it fair, then, can it be called just, towards
the poorer copartners, for the Government to
withdraw fiom this undertaking, and upbraid
them with precipitancy in this business—with
having gone beyond their means' I do not in-
tend to discuss the propriety or impropriety of
this Government withdrawing from such under-
takings; with that this bill has nothing to do;
nor do I wish to advert to such matters further
than the necessity of the argument compels me.
Should, however, the considerations which have
been mentioned fail in producing conviction upon
the minds of the members of this House that
they ought to pass this bill, there are claims
against the Government, set forth in the memo-
rial of the citizens of Washington, which will
more than justify the passage of this bill. Ex-
clusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia
was transferred to the General Government under
the firm belief that the people of the United States
would exercise towaids their capital those en-
larged and liberal views which are usual in older
communities. It was not supposed that the build-
ing up of a city suitable to the wants of this
great people, would be left to the private exertions
of individuals who might be attracted here either
by business or pleasure; still less was it contem-
plated that the Government would ever desue to
speculate upon the necessities of this occasional
population. It was, at all events, supposed by
those persons who were concerned in selecting
this spot for the General Government, that the
city of Washington had a residuary interest in
the proceeds of the sales of those lots which had
been transferred to the Government by the ori-
ginal proprietors, which interest was to ber appro-
priated to the improvement of the city.
Upon this principle, how does the account
stand between the Government and the city  
Pour fifths of the building lots within the city of
Washington, exclusive ot large reservations, were
given to the Government by the original propri-
etors, under an impression which existed at the
time, that the Government would lay out and
build up a city, which would make the remain-
in" fifth which the proprietors reserved extremely
valuable. This anticipation has been most woe-
fully disappointed. The extensive plan of the
city, united with the contracted policy of the Gov-
ernment, has blasted all these reasonable hopes.
Let us for a moment institute an account between
the General Government and the District. The
States of Maryland and Virginia gave with the
District $193,000; there has been received into
the Treasury of the United States, in money,
-from the sale of city lota, the «urn of #741,024 45;
