1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Granger.
Ho. of Reps.
of the eountiy. I suppose he means a defense of
the sea-boaid If he wishes a direct answer,
whtther I am for or against the bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, an amend-
irunt to which is now under discussion, I say I
am opposed to it. I takt this opportunity to Ull
him, Hiid I w ill endeavor to show , that this is a
bill hostile to the well-settled policy of this coun-
try. If he asks whether I am willing to adopt
the amendment of the gentleman who stinds at
the head of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which is based on the assumption that funds
enough should be expended to arm all the forti-
fications now in existence, I say that I am ready
to expend such sum as can be judiciously ex-
pended during the present year in arming those
fortifications. That amendment provides for an
appropriation of $700,000 If I am correctly in-
formed, this is more than can be expended during
the current year, but, acting as I do under the
indulgence ot the House, I will not go into the
details of this subject now; but, from the exam-
ination I have given to it, I should suppose that
some amount,from four to five hundred thousand
dollars, might be advantageously applied to arm-
ing the fortifications on the sea-board. What-
ever that sum may be, it shall cheerfully receive
my vote.   I will not vote for a dollar beyond it
What is the history of the fortification system
in this country ' For he who will not learn wis-
dom from the past is but a dull scholar. In the
year 1816 or 1817, (I do not know the precise
Íjenod, I speak from memory, and if in error
íope to be corrected,) a plan of defense was de-
vised, under the survtys and estimates made by
a distinguished foreigner, w ho had arrived in our
country a short time pieviously. That plan was
partially entered upon-, but it is not matertal to
dwell on this branch of the subject further than
to say, that since the late war we have expended
something like txcelvt millions on fortifications.
During the Administration of the gentleman in
front of me, [Mr. Ad\ms,] and during the pres-
ent Administration, there has never been a de-
nial of one dollar to carry on these woiks; and
yet, what did my colleague [Mr Cambrllekg]
tell us the other day' That, after all the boast-
ing of the efficiency of the present Administra-
tion, and after the immense expenditure we have
incurred, with the single exception of the works
at Charleston, South Carolina, there is neither a
fort in a condition proper for defense, nor scarcely
a gun in the nation fit for use. Yes, sir, an Ad-
ministration which, for three years has stood in
a position where it was holding up to the people
of this country the probability of a collision with
one of the most powerful nations of the earth,
has never asked a dollar to complete these works.
And now, m time of profound peace, when the
threatened dangers of war have passed from us,
we must commence a large system, to give char-
acter to the defenses of the country. Sir, it is
ridiculous; it is contrary to the spirit and genius
of our institutions, thus to make that kind of prep-
aration for war which belongs to the Governments
of the continent of Europe. It has been opposed
by the statesmen of our country from its earliest
history, and the Administration of 1798 was
driven from power because it advocated a system
of defense connected with a standing army, not
one third as large as would be necessary to man
the new works contemplated by the bill upon
your table.
If the doctrine of public expenditure, which, is
advocated at this day, had been advanced in the
days of the elder Adams, he could hardly have
defended himself from popular personal violence;
and now, he who dare even question the throw-
ing away of millions is marked down as opposed
to the republicans of the country. What little
democracy I have, and it is quite as much as be-
longs to most of the patent republicans of the
present day, is of the Jeffersonian school; and by
the principles of that school I am willing to be
tried here and elsewhere. Thus much for the
public defenses of the country, and I here repeat
that, with the exception I have named, I shall
record my vote against this mammoth bill.
We next come to railroads Jor the transportation
of the mails, and the gentleman wishes an answer
to this proposition, as if he really thought that it
was about to be adopted by a majority of thia
No. 39
I House. In the other branch of this Legislature,
there is a distinguished gentleman, around whose
lip the omile of triumph curls when he hears
leaders of the paity advocating this system. I
think that when the party is ready to make rail-
roads through every section of this country, and
to become stockholders in corporations for the
transportation of the mails, they had better limit
their censures upon what have been called the
latitudinanan doctrines of a prominent statesman
from the West; for it is a point to which, I be-
lieve, even his imagination never stretched. This
is my answer to that question.
I now come to his custom-houses. On this, as
on everything connected with the permanent char-
acter of this country, I am amongst the liberals.
I consider that the public buildings of a country
stand forth to the world, not only in the present
day, but to all future time, to mark the character
of the nation by whom they weie elected When
called upon to make appropriations for custom-
houses in New York or Boston, or at any other
important points, or for hospitals or other perma-
nent improvements in the West, I shall record
my vote in favor of such edifices as will demon-
strate to our descendants in future ages that, even
at this day, there existed here a people from whom
they might be proud to claim their ancestry; and
no man will find me flinching on any question
calling for a public expenditure which shall de-
clare to the world that we stand here presenting
the proud example of a nation, scarce half a cen-
tury in age, which has been able to sweep off the
debt created by two wars of glory, and has ac-
cumulated funds not only to erect these splendid
monuments of art, but to provide for the equal
benefit of the people of those States whose posi-
tion forbids their participation in the benefits of
such expenditures.
The gentleman asks me whether I am in favor
of the necessary appropriations to arm end organize
the miliha't Strongly committal as I am com-
pelled to be on all subjects, although the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Gillet] has reported
the bill, he plays non-committal here again For,
sir, while that gentleman has taken good care to
call my attention to this point, he has taken
equally good care, I believe, not to inform me or
the House what sum will be necessary to carry
i  out this project
I Mr. GILLET said he had stated that twenty-
two millions would be required
Mr. GRANGER. Twenty-two millions ' Well,
sir, that, I should think, would guard the Repub-
lic very respectably. The gentleman asks me
whether I am willing to spend that sum in addi-
tion to the appropriations foi our defense > I will
answer him in less than two words—in two let-
ters. No' I am not prepared to do any such
' thing, nor is any other gentleman in this Hall.
My colleague has adverted to the system of
internal improvement generally. I have little to
say on this question, but will remark that those
who know me know well that I have never been
amongst those who construed very freely the
powers of the General Government in this re-
spect. I may have regretted that those powers
were not more clearly given. I may have seen,
in common with other gentlemen, that, had such
powers been more freely conferred, instances
might have arisen where improvements could be
carried on more successfully under the General
Government than by State authority. So believ-
ing and so hoping, I have yielded my assent free-
ly and fully to what has often been most beneficial
to the country.
But I think the question of internal improve-
ments by the General Government one on which
gentlemen may honestly differ, without a differ-
ence of political views generally. On this point,
therefore, I have only to request that the gentle-
man from New York will lend me a single ounce
of his non-committalism, if he thinks the party
can spare so much, and hope that he will join
with me in endeavoring to procure such a distri-
bution of the public money as will put it in the
power of the several States to make these im-
provements in the manner they may deem most
beneficial
But, sir, the gentleman has stated that one
reason why the bill before the House should be
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and not even to the Committee on Public Lands,
is because the Committee on Public Lands are
favorable to the graduation of the price of these
lands. Speaking as I am, under special indul-
gence, I do not leel at liberty now to detain the
House with any views as to the íelatrve merits
of the several propositions that have occupied
the attention of our people in relation to the public
domain; but here, at this time, a most important
question arises. The people of the West are
called upon not only tosuirender this bill, butto
surrender the various other protects which they
advocate, and are to be told that these funds
should be for their benefit, but because they differ
about the manner in which the avails should be
distributed, therefote they are all to be thrown
away on the defense of the Atlantic frontier. I
know not but that gentlemen of the Westwhocon-
tend for the graduation principle, and in which,
so far as relates to actual settleis, I am willing to
indulge them to a certain extent, are content with
such reasoning, but I have yet to learn that their
constituents are to find in an expenditure of all
the revenues of the nation foi the next twenty
years upon fortifications, a lehef for the evils of
which they complain.
I warn that people, and I warn the people of
the whole Union, that the plans of this year are
not to apply only to the Treasury of this year;
that, if you do not stop these grand schemes at
the threshold, not only will the forty millions in
your Tieasury be exhausted, but that you will
find a tomb has been erected in which the funds
of this nation will be buried for thirty years to
come He who knows anything of the cost of
public works, knows well that the first appropri-
ation is generally but an entering wedge to ex-
penditures of quadruple the estimate first given;
and when gentlemen from the East and the West
are called on to vote on these propositions, let
them bear in mind that the adoption of this bill,
as reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
is to fasten them to this car of extravagance,
until every dollar derived from imposts, and the
tens of millions yet to be received for western
lands, will be swallowed up in this magnificent,
useless scheme of expenditure. I belong to a
sea-board State, one as liberal in its appropriations
as any State in this Union, but 1 can never con-
sent by my vote to do such manifest injustice to
different parts of our eountiy. The hope that
when the eountiy had been placed in its present
position, the money would be divided, is a hope
that has long been held out by those in power;
and so far as my vote can go, they shall have an
opportunity of redeeming their pledges I will
never postpone the day, either by using the
moneys already on hand, or by entering upon a
system which will call for untold millions.
The gentleman has said one thing, which
amounts to something more like an attack on a
public officer than anything I have heaid in this
Hall He says, no one knows what amount of
money is in the public Treasuiy If no one else
knows, I move a resolution calling on Mr. Reu-
ben M. Whitney for the information.
Mr. GILLET said that he had not averred
that no one knew the amount, but that gentlemen
differed as to what that amount was
Mr. GRANGER    What do you say it is'
Mr. GILLET.    About seventeen millions.
Mr. GRANGER Seventeen millions' Well.
Seventeen is a favorite number in New York,
and one upon which our State was once revolu-
tionized The gentleman has called upon me to
declare the opinion of a distinguished individual,
as to whether he is ready and willing to devote
the surplus revenue to the colonization of people of
toloi. I will not presume to answer that ques-
tion for another; nor will I animadvert on the
propriety or delicacy of addressing it to me; but,
for myself, although the object of the inquiry
cannot be doubted, I have no hesitation in an-
swering; for I have no opinions on this or any
other subject that are not as clear and open as
the noon-day sun; I, sir, would not take the
general fund of this nation for such a purpose.
And why would I not? Because, were there no
other reasons, there is a large portion of the
people of this country whose interest in that fund
is as deai and sacred as mine, or that of my
constituents, who might feel that their rights had
