612
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hammond.
Ho. of Reps.
and what, if we had the power, it would be ruin-
ous to a large portion of this Confederacy, and
ultimately destructive to all our institutions, for
us to do
The constitutional power to abolish slavery
and the slave trade in this Distuct, is claimed by
virtue of the cl uise uhich givis to Congress
"exclusive legislation" here. I admit at once
that under that clause Congress has full power,
so far as "legislation" is concerned, over this
District, etcept wheie it .s limited by the letter
or the spirit of the Constitution in othei portions
of that instrument, or by the contract made with
the States of Virginia and Maryland, in the acts
of cession by those States. As this point has
been ably, and I think satisfactorily discussed,
both in this House and another poition of the
Capitol, I will take but a single view of it at this
time. All the powers given by the Constitution
are trust powers, and should be construed in
connection with each other, and in reference to
the great objects they were intended to accom-
plish. Now, I ask if any member of this House,
having before him those clauses of the Constitu-
tion forbidding the passage of hvvs, even by the
States, to prevent the arrest of " persons laid to
labor" in the other States—forbidding "Con-
gress to take privatepropeity," even " for public
uses, without just compensation," and recogniz-
ing slaves as property, entitled to representation
only as three fifths, and not as peí sons entitled to
full representation,—can say that it will not be a
violation of the letter and the whole spirit of the
Constitution, to assume the power which you are
now called on to exercise' As much •a violation
of it as to pass an ex post facto law or bill of
attainder here. I ask gentlemen if they believe
this Constitution would ever have received the
sanction of a single slave State if it had been '
suspected for a moment that this power was
given to Congress by it.                                         |
But, s r, admitting, for the sake of argument,
that the Constitution places no limitation to the
power of " legislation" in the District of Colum-
bia, I ask how far that power will, of itself, ex-
tend ' What are the great objects of all human
legislation ' To protect life, liberty, and property.
Can we, under this definition, assume the power
wantonly to destroy them > It is true, propeity is
sometimes seized as a penalty for misdemeanois,
and liberty, and even life, are forfeited for crimes,
but does this warrant Congress, or any legisla-
tive body in this country, at its free will and pleas-
ure, to confiscate the estate of a peaceful and un-
offending citizen, or imprison him or take away
hisMife' Sir, monstrous as these propositions
are,theyare not more monstrous, nor would they
be more fatal in their consequences, than that
which these petitioners ask us now to adopt.
And here let me say, in answer to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing,] that I can
see no difference between the constitutional power
to abolish the slave trade and the power to abol-
ish slavery itself. If the slave owner is deprived
of the full use of his property, unless that use
impairs the rights of others, you can as well de-
prive him of the property itself. The principle
in both cases is the same, but, for the reasons I
have already mentioned, I will not dwell on this
branch of the subject.
Mr. Speaker, I object to the reception of these
petitions, in the next place, because they are sent
here by persons who are pursuing a systematic
plan of operations, intended to subvert the insti-
tutions of the South, and which, if carried into
effect, must desolate the fairest portion of Amer-
ica, and dissolve in blood the bonds of this Con-
federacy. It has been said upon this floor that
the Abolitionists of the North are very few in
number, and of so little influence as to be un-
worthy of our attention. It has been said here,
on the other hand, that they constitute a majority
north of Mason and Dixon's line, and that their
influence is " tremendous." Amid this conflict-
ing testimony, permit me to call the attention of
the House to some important facts connected
with the subject.
It will be recollected that during this session,
in consequence of the course which has been taken
in the matter, on but a single day has an oppor-
tunity occurred for a free presentation of petitions
of the character of that before us.   On that day,
although it could not have been expected that the
occasion would occur, fifty-e ght of these petitions
weie presented, a number considerably latger
than the average numbi rpiesented during the last
four sessions. Thtse petitions aie signed by be-
tween seven and eight thousand poisons, male and
female; some of them signing as representatives
of large societies. I have been informed that three
hundred petitions of this kind have been foi warded
to Congress, and I do not doubt the faet If they
are as numeiously signed, we shall have the names
of some foity thousand peisons petitioning Con-
giess at this session to abolish slaveiy and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia. This,
sir, is no small evidence of the strength of the
abolition party.
But let us trace the history of the formation of
the societ es to which 1 have alluded. In 1832,
less than four years ago, the New England Anti-
Slaveiy Society was formed. This I believe was
the fiist society of this kind cieated on this side
of the Atlantic. I remember well the udicule
with which it was covered when it was known
that it had been formed by a meeting of eleien
persons Sometime in the year 1833, the New
York Anti-Slavery Society was formi d by a meet-
ing composed of two and twenty men, and iiro
Jemales. I re member also the contempt with which
tins annunciation was gieeted; but, sir, it giew
in spite of our indifference and contumely
On the 4th December, 1CJ33, at a convention
of Abolitionists in the city of Philadelphia, the
great American Anti-Slavery Society was formed,
and a bold " declaration of their sentiments "
was given to the world. They announced that
"all slaves should instantly be setfree," " with-
out compensation to their owners," " that the
paths of preferment, ot wealth, and of intelli-
gence, should be as widely opened to them as to
persons of a white complexion " And that to
effect these purposes, they pledged themselves
" to organize anti-slavery societieseverywheie,"
" to send forth agents to remonstrate, warn, and
rebuke, to cireuldte periodicals and tracts," " to
enlist the pulpit and the piess," "to purify the
churches of the crime of slaveiy," " and to en-
courage the labor of freemen lather than that of
slaves, by giving a preference to their produc-
tions."
From this moment the infection spread with
unparalleled rapidity. In May following (1834)
there were sixty anti slavery societies By May,
1835, the number had increased to two hundied
By Octobei, 1835, it had swollen to three hundred
And by a document which 1 hold in my hand,
purporting to be a " protest of the American
Anti-Slavery Society" against certain sentiments
expressed on this subject by the President of the
United States in his last annual message, it ap-
pears that there were known to be thiee hundred
and fifty anti-slavery societies in the United States
on the 25th day of December last.
Some of these societies ¿ontain as many as four
thousand members, and none of them, 1 believe,
less than fifty, On a fair calculation, it may be
presumed that not less than one hundred thou-
I sand persons in the non-slaveholding States are
| united in these societies, and then numbers are
increasing daily with a rapidity almost beyond
conception; a disciplined corps who have pledged
life and fortune to the great purpose of emanci-
pation.
That the spirit, means, purposes, and plans of
these societies may appear more fully, I will refer
to the "Address of the American Anti-Slavery
Society," at its last annual meeting, which I have
in my hand, and ask peimission of the House
that the Clerk may read (o)
Here, sir, is a number of the paper entitled
"Human Rights," a neat, well printed sheet.
Here' are several numbers of the "Jinti-Slavery
Record," on the outside of each of which is a
picture representing a master flogging naked
slaves, and each of which contain within pictures
equally revolting. Here is a handful of the little
primer called the "Slave's Fuend " On the
coveis, and within each of these are also pictures
calculated to excite the feehnss, and to nurture
the incendiary spark in the tender bosom of the
child. And here, sir, is " The Emancipator," a
large and handsome paper. And that you may
understand the spirit and principles which it in-
culcates, I will read to the House a paragraph
from a number dated  New York, November
1835
' The Atternvtive —Willnm Wertenbaker, A-=i-tant
P M and Librimn ot the (Jiuver-ity of Virpim i, civrs no-
tice that lie lias committed to the flames a copy rif Human
Right  we sent him and vtry siavi.lv asks,' Winch of the
two do vou pn t< r—a ¡ic-ipeluiti/ of slat cry. or a t>issolution
oftht cTnim" 1 he ! utc r, \\ t saj, l>v ill odds,if <vc mu t
ehoo-e We ire lor union hut not with Maury We will
give tin Union lor the abolition ot «lavirv, it nothing else
mil Kim it—but it W( cannot Sim it at ail, then the fcouth
is welcome to i di-solution—the «.oom r the better The
slaveholders ni ly as well understand, first i« la-t, tint' the
ITni in' mav have other u=es to them than that ot a lash to
bliikc ovei the heads of northern irecnien "
It speaks for itself—I make no commentary.
Here is a pamphlet called the "Anti-Slavery
Repoiter," published monthly, I believe,by this
society Heieisa" Quarterly Anti -Slavery Mag-
azine," of very respectable size, edited by Elizar
Wright, Jr Here is a pamphlet entitled "Ann-
Slaveiy Hymns," of which theie are nineteen.
They purport to be for the use of the " Monthly
Conceits for the enslaved," in the city of New
Yoik; and the publication of a moie copious col-
It etion in Boston is announced. Here is a small
book entitled "Juvenile Poems " It contains,
besides a great number of doggeiel articles of the
most inflammatory character, some nine or ten
disgusting prints, all of which are designed " for
the use of fiee Ameriean childien of every com-
plexion." Hei e is a pamphlet wutten by a " Man
of Color," and here are a quantity of Sermons,
Essays, Reports, Letters, &c , all intended for
the same incendiary purposes.
I hold also m my hand that most powerful
engine in party warfare, an " Anti-Slavery Al-
manac for 183G " From this allow me to read
two short extracts The following will show the
political tendency of this abolition agitation:
" We aie i ewardmg slaveholders for their usurpation
and injustice, by allowing them to send twenty-Jive
Representatives to Congress to represent their slate
piopetty " It has been said that "the petitioners
have no fuither object than merely to wipe from
the national escutcheon the stain affixed to it, by
permitting slavery to exist at the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States " In answer to that,
allow me to quote the following passage, and
there is scarcely a publication that I have exhib-
ited here to-day in which the same sentiment is
not expressed- "Should you abolish slavery m the
District of Columbia alone, it would heave the
foundation of the systemm every State of the Union."
Nor is this work without its pictures, libeling
the slaveholders with their vile cancatuies. To
lllustiate more fully the political tendency of the
extraordinary excitement on this subject,although
I do not intend on this occasion to discuss that
branch of the question, I will refer the House to
an extract from the "Anti-Slavery Circular,"
printed at Medina, Ohio, December, 1835, which
I hold in my hand, and which I again ask the
favor of the House to permit the Clerk to
read   (i>)
Sir, while we are discussing the question of
the reception of these petitions, movements are
making at the North, and societies are springing
up like musluooms Here are the proceedings
of a meeting held within a few weeks past at
Lowell, Massachusetts, the center of the tariff
interest, at which was formed a " Young Men's
Anti-Slavery Society," the preamble of whose
constitution I will read, (c) Here is a circular,
dated "Pawtucket, Rhode Island, January 12,
1836," calling a " Rhode Island Anti-Slavery
Convention," to meet shortly at Providence. It
is signed by eight hundred and forty persons. I
will lead from it the following remarkable pas-
sage, from which it may be seen how deep the
roots of this hostility to our institutions have
struck into the foundations of society:
" Our country friends we hope will attend as numerously
as they have signed the circular The wealth and ans
tocracy of our cities are Bgnin«t us Tliev sympathize not
vv ith the ' poor and needy,' but with ' the arrogant and 1'im
ot high looks ' Let our laboring men, then, the mechanics
and the farmer , attend the convention They can easily
arrange their business so as to make it convenient to be in
Providence at that time "
Here, sir, is the prospectus of the sixth volume
of the Liberator, published at Boston by Isaac
Knapp Prefixed to it is an incendiaiy picture;
and it contains the following passage, which
