614
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hammond.
Ho. of Reps.
break, to plant, to till, to gather, to fallow, and
to clear again, and he must be kept there by a
never ceasing, unavoidable, and irresisible foice.
The system of" strikes" s i universally practiced
in all other kinds of laboi would desolate a p'ant-
mg country in five years. If, in the heat of the
crop, when the loss of one or two days even may
irreparably ruin it, the laborers were to abandon
the fields and demand higher wages, the owner
would have no other alternative than to say to them
"work, and take enough to satisfy yourselves"
—which would, of couise, be all. Sir, it is not
the interest of the planters of the South to eman-
cipate their slaves, and it never can be shown to
be so.
Slavery is said to be an evil; that it impover-
ishes the people and destroys their morals. If
it be an evil, it is one to us alone, and we are
contented with it—why should others interfere'
But it is no evil. On the contrary, I believe it to
be the greatest of all the great blessings which a
kind Providence has bestowed upon our glorious
region. For without it, our fertile soil and our
fructifying climate would have been given to us
in vain. As it is, the history of the short penod
during which we have enjoyed it has rendered
our southern country proveíbial for its wealth,
its genius, its manners.
Failing, as the Abolitionists must do, in every
appeal to the slaveholder, let us see with what
probability of success they can call upon the
Government to emancipate our negroes. There
are about two million three hundred thousand
slaves at this moment in the United States, and
their annual increase is about sixty thousand.
Sir, even the British Government did not dare to
emanicipate the slaves of its enslaved West India
subjects without some compensation. They gave
them about sixty per cent of their value. It
could scarcely be expected that this Government
would undertake to free our slaves without pay-
ing for them. Their value, at $400 average, (and
they are now worth more than that,) would
amount to upwards of nine hundred millions.
The value of their annual increase alone is
$24,000,000; so that to free them in one hundred
years, without the expense of taking them from
the country, would require an annual appropria-
tion of between thirty-three and thirty-four mil-
lion dollars.    The thing is physically impossible.
But it is impossible for another reason: the mo-
ment this House undertakes to legislate upon this
subject, it dissolves the Union. Should it be my
fortune to have a seat upon this floor, I will
abandon it the instant the first decisive step is
taken, looking towards legislation on this sub-
ject. I will go home to preach and, if I can, to
practice disunion, and civil war if need be. A
revolution must ensue,and this Republic sink in
blood.
The only remaining chance for the Abolitionists
to succeed in their nefauous schemes will be by
appealing to the slaves themselves, and, say what
they will, this is the great object at which they
aim. For this aie all their meetings, publica-
tions, lectures, and missions, to excite a servile
insurrection, and in tke language of the miscreant
Thompson, to " teach the slate to cut his maitet 's
throat." This will be no easy task. Su,itisa
proverb that no human being is perfectly con-
tented with his lot, and it may be true that some
sti oiling emissary may exti act, occasionally, com-
plaints from southern slaves and spread them
before the world. But such instances are rare.
As a class, I say it boldly, there is not a happier,
more contented race upon the face of the earth.
I have been born and brought up in the midst of
them, and so far as my knowledge and experience
extend, I should say they have every reason to
be happy. Lightly tasked, well clothed, well
fed—far better than the free laborers of any coun-
try in the world, our own and those, perhaps, of
the other States of this Confederacy alone ex-
cepted—their lives and persons protected by the
law, all their sufferings alleviated by the kindest
and most interested care, and their domestic af-
fections cherished and maintained, at least so far
as I have known, with conscientious delicacy.
A gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
has introduced upon this floor the abolition cant
of wives and husbands, parents and chjldren,
torn from each other's arms, and separaie4 for-
ever. Such scenes but rarely, very rarely happen.
I do not believe such separations are near so
common among slaves as divorces aie among
white peisons wheie they can be with much
facility obtained. I am veiy sure that childien
and parents do not so often part as, in the oidi-
nary course of emigration in this country, they
do among the fieest and pioudest of our land
Sir, our slaves are a peaceful, kind-hearted, and
affectionate race, satisfied with their lot, happy
in their comfoits, and devoted to their masters
It will not be an easy thing to seduce them fiom
their fidelity. But if, by an artful and delusive
appeal to his excited passions, the Abolitionist
should succeed in drawing the slave into his
fiendish purposes, oui never-sleeping watchful-
ness would speedily detect eveiy conspnacy thit
might be formed. Our habits in this respect have
become a second instinct. Our vigilance is as
prompt and personal as our coinage—as faithful
a guardian, and not more troubltsome. It does
not arise from fear, but from the fact that we
ouiselves, to a great extent, constitute our own
police, and in guarding against minor evils, will
not fail to discover every danger of great magni-
tude. Such has been, and such will always be,
the case. Every insurrection which has yet been
meditated—and there have been but very few—
when not discovered by some faithful slave, has
been soon discovered by the whites—the unfor-
tutate occurrence at Southampton only excepted,
if that can be called an insurrection which was
the bloody outbreaking of six drunken wretches.
I believe that every appeal to the slave to assist,
through the horrid process of burning and assas-
sination, in his own emancipation, much as it is
(in secret at least) cherished, will be without
success.
Sir, I feel firmly convinced that, under any
circumstances, and by any means, emancipation,
gradual or immediate, is impossible. We may
oe disturbed in our comforts, harassed, injured—
perhaps some paitial sufferings may be the con-
sequences of these mad and savage projects, but
slavery can never be abolished. The doom of
Ham has been branded on the form and features
of his African descendants. The hand of fate
has united his color and his destiny. Man can-
not separate what God hath joined.
But, admitting for a moment that the Aboli-
tionist could accomplish all his objects. Sup-
pose the bonds of the slave were broken peace-
fully, and he was turned loose to choose his life
and occupation on the face of the earth, what
would piobably be his actual state' Sir, we
have some experience on this subject. I hold in
my hand a paper containing an account of the
situation of a colony of free blacks in Brown
county, in Ohio, which I ask permission for the
Cleik to read. (</)
Such are the blessed fiuits of abolition; and to
make such miserable and degraded wretches as
these are we called on to give up oui happy, in-
dustrious, and useful slaves—to strike out of
existence nine hundred millions of active and
inestimable capital, and impoveiish and desolate
the fairest region of the globe ' But it is said
that this is the dark side of the picture, and that
emancipation—"gradual emancipation"—would
pioducefdi bettei consequences. Although I am
perfectly satisfied that no human process can
elevate the  black man to an  equality with  the
white—admitting that it could be done__are we
prepared for the consequences which then must
to.'.ow' Aie the people of the North prepared
to restore to them two fifths of their rights of
voters, and place their political power on an
equality with their own' Are we prepared to
see them mingling in our legislation' Is any
portion of this country prepared to see them
enter these Halls and take their seats by our
sides, in perfect equality with the white repre-
sentatives of an Anglo-Saxon race' to see them
fill that chair' to see them placed at the heads of
your Departments' or to see, perhaps, some
Othello, or Toussaint, or Boyer, gifted with
genius and inspned by ambition, grasp the pres-
idential wreath and wield the destinies of this
great Republic' From such a picture I tuin
with nrepressible disgust.
But, sir, no such consequences as either of
these views exhi bit can take place with us.  Thei e
is no such thing as gradual emancipation, even
if we were to consent to it. Those who know the
nes:ro character cannot doubt, what the recent
experiments in the West Indies fully prove, that
the first step you take towaids emancipation
bursts at once and foiever the fetters of the slave.
In our country, where the two classes of popu-
lation are so nearly equal, such a state of things
as now exist in Jamaica would not last a day—
an hour. Sn, any species of emancipation with
us would be followed instantly by civil war be-
tween the whites and blacks—a bloody, extcim-
lnating war, the íesult of which could not be
doubtful, although it would be accompanied with
horrors such as history has not íecorded. The
blacks would be annihilated, or once more subju-
gated and íeduced to slavery. Such a catastiophe
would be inevitable.
Permit me now for a moment to look into the
causes of this vast and dangeious excitement, for
it is intimately connected with the true merits of
this important question. I am not disposed to
attnbute it to any peculiar feelings of hostility
entertained by the Noith against the South,
arising from position merely. It is indeed natu-
ral that a people not owning slaves should enter-
tain a strong aversion to domestic servitude. It
is natuial that the descendants of thePuutans,
without any deep investigation of the subject,
should have an instinctive hostility to slavery in
every shape. It is natural that foreigners with
whom the North is crowded—just released them-
selves from bondage—extravagant in their no-
tions of the fieedom of our institutions, and pro-
foundly ignorant of the principles on which
society and government are oigamzed, should
view with horror the condition of the southern
operatives. And here let me say that tliese opin-
ions, so natural, so stiong, and so distinctly
marking the geographical divisions of our coun-
try, indicate differences which, if pushed much
further, will mesistibly separate us into two na-
tions. A separation which I should regard as a
calamity to the whole human race, and which we
of the South will endeavor to avert by every
means save the sacrifice of our liberties, or the
subversion of our domestic institutions.
But other causes are at woik. This excite-
ment belongs to the spit it of the age. Every
close obseivei must perceive that we aie ap-
proaching, if we have not already reached, anew
era in civilization. The man of the nineteenth
century is not the man of the seventeenth, and
widely difieient fiom him of the eighteenth.
Within the last sixty years theie have been
greater changes—not on the face of the earth,
but in the history of civilized man—than had
taken place before, peihaps, Since the reign of
Charlemagne. The progri ss and the philosophy
of the events which have bioughtus to this state
may be readily perceived and stated. Formerly
all learning was confined to thecleigy—all polit-
ical power to the hereditary iuleis ot the people.
The invention of printing dispersed knowledge
among the middle classes. The cleigy could no
longer absorb it all. The first effect of this was
the destiuction of ecclesiastical despotism which
was consummated by the refoimation. The next,
a war of intelligence against political oppression.
But the glittering temptations of power seduced
it from its puiposes—allured it to its assistance,
and used its energies to nvet more closely then-
chains upon the people. At length Government
could no longer absorb all the talents and acquire-
ments and ambition of the world. Then the
effects of the contest began to show themselves.
The tremendous conflicts for political ascendancy
which took place in the Bntish Parliament during
the reign of George II , were followed by the
American Revolution, which was produced by
the great intellects of this country, whom Gov-
ernment could neither conciliate to its abuses, nor
purchase, nor intimidate. Next came the terri-
ble tragedy—the Fiench revolution—which was
confessedly brought about by the writings of the
great philosopheis of France. Since that period
man appeals no longer to be the being that he
was. His moial virtues seem to have been
changed as by some sudden revelation of the
Almighty, although the close observer sees that
the great cause which had been so long and so
silently, but surely, working to effect this pur-
