620
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[May 1,
24th Cong..-. 1st Sess.
Treaty with Mexico—Mr. Cushing.
Ho. of Reps.
transferred by such individuals to the United |
States."                                                .              .    ■
This clause, which was evidently inserted in
the act from abundant caution, was intended to
define and ascertain, with more exact precision,
the subject matter of the grant, and to preclude,
by expiess negative words, the possibility of its
being construed to transfer any right or interest
in the soil itself. This is not only the grammat-
ical reading, but the natural and plain sense of the
clause; and, giving to it its utmost import and
extent, it is manifest that it imposes no limitation
or restriction whatever upon the legislation of
Congress.
It was further insisted that, independent of the
proviso in the act of cession, Congress did not
possess, and could not exercise, the power in
question. It was said that neither the Legislature
of Virginia nor that of Maryland had any power
to abolish the right of property, and that they
could not grant or transfer to Congress a power
which they did not themselves possess.
Sir, the competency of the Legislatures of Vir-
ginia and Maryland to cede the territory, and re-*
linquish to the United States full and absolute
jurisdiction over it, is not, and, I presume, will
not, be denied; and it appears from the act of
Virginia that jurisdiction was surrendered to the
United States, to be held and exercised " pursu-
ant," as the act expresses it, " to the eighth section
of the first article of the Constitution of the United
States." That section, it will be seen, confers
upon Congress " exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever" over the territory. When the juris-
diction of Virginia and Maryland ceased, the
jurisdiction of the United States commenced; and
the question, whether Congress can abolish sla-
very in this District, depends, not upon any
powers granted to it by the Legislatures of Vir-
ginia and Maryland, for they could grant none, ,
but upon the powers given to it by the Constitu- ¡
tion of the United States.                                       !
The Constitution, as we have already seen,
gives to Congress " exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever" over the District—powers as
large and extensive as could well be conferred,
and probably as full and absolute as belong to the
Legislatures of any of the States. Congress,
then, in its local legislation for this District, must
have at least as ample power over slavery within
its limits as any Legislature possesses, or can
exercise, over slavery in any of the States.
Sir, I hold, and I suppose it will not be denied,
that the law of the land is the foundation of all
rights of property. They exist only by and un-
der the law, and cannot exist independent of it.
They may be said to owe their origin and exist- I
ence to the Legislature. This is literally and pe-
culiarly the case with respect to the right of prop-
erty in slaves. No such right, it is well known,
is recognized, or even tolerated by the common
law. It is true that, a century and a half ago,
the court of common pleas in England adjudged
that trover would lie for a negro boy, " because,"
said the court, " they were heathens, and therefore a
man might have property in them;" but in a subse-
quent case,a few years afterwards, in the King's
Bench, it was determined by the whole court that
trover would not lie for a negro any more than for
any other man, "for, by the common law," said
Lord Holt, " no man can have a property in an-
other."
In all the States where slaveryexists, the right
of property in slave's must be derived from posi-
tive enactments of the Legislature; and in this
District, I take it, that, independent of legisla-
tion, either original on the part of Congress, or
adopted by it, the right does not, and would not,
exist at all. But it is probably not very material,
as to the power of the Legislature over it, whether
the right is derived from acts of positive legisla-
tion or from the common law.
I have said, sir, that all rights of property owe
their origin and existence either to statute or
common law; and I say further, that it cannot be
maintained that the Legislature; as a law-maker
has no power whatever over the rights of prop-
erty. The proposition certainly is not true in a
general and unqualified sense. The clause in the
constitutions of the States and of the United
States which provides that private property shall
not be taken for public use without compensa-
tion, certainly implies the existence of a power
in the Legislature over it. If a law is made by
which a person is deprived of the right to certain
property taken for public use, it is by virtue of
such law that the property ceases to be his; and
though the law provides a compensation, the
right of property is not the less taken away
against the will of the proprietor.
The truth is, the rights of property are subject
to legislative action andinterference,exceptwhere
such action or interference is prohibited or re-
strained by constitutional provisions. So far as
restrictions are imposed upon it by the Constitu-
tion, the power of the Legislature is qualified and
limited. It is admitted that a right or interest in
property once actually vested by law cannot be
taken away by the Legislature, except when
taken for public use, and then only on making
compensation. This is made a fundamental prin-
ciple in the organic systems of this country; and
without it, law, to use the language of another,
would be tyranny,and government would be op-
pression. The Constitution, regarding the right
of property as one of the most important of rights,
and the protection and security of it as one of
the chief objects of government, declares that no
person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law. This process is
a judicial process, and of course can emanate
only from the judiciary. Besides, no person can
be deprived of a legal right, unless he has for-
feited such right. The forfeiture can be ascer-
tained and declared only by a judicial tribunal.
The adjudication is in its nature a judicial act,
which cannot be performed any more than the
process already mentioned can be issued by the
Legislature; because, according to the theory and
provisions of the Constitution, one branch of the
Government cannot exercise powers properly
belonging to another.
But although a present vested right cannot be
taken away by a direct act of legislation, except
for the purpose and on the terms which have
been stated, the Legislature may, and constantly
does, exercise a power over property in many
ways, without being supposed at all to inter-
fere with or disturb the principle of vested inter-
ests. Not to mention statutes of limitations, and
various other legislative acts which operate upon
the rights of property, it regulates and controls
the transmission of property by descent, and the
disposition of it by will. It can alter, modify,
and change the law in these particulars as it
pleases. It can say who shall be admitted as
heirs, and what shall be the rule of distribution
and division among them; or it can declare that
property shall not pass at all by descent, but
shall, in all cases, escheat to the State. This
may seem a strong, and, perhaps, a bold propo-
sition. Such a law would, indeed, be very im-
politic and unjust in reference to most species of
property; but, if general and prospective in its
operation, it would be difficult to raise any valid
objection to it on the ground of constitutional
power. The question of policy, of right, and
justice, is one thing; the question of constitu-
tional power is another. Who, I ask, would be
deprived of any actual vested interest by a law
providing that no one shall take, by inheritance,
any right of property in slaves? Or by a law
j that all children born of slaves after a certain
period shall be free ? Such enactments would
touch no rights, actual and vested, but rights, if
they can be called such, resting in expectancy
merely; rights purely potential in their nature
and character. It may be added that, though a
repeal of the existing laws on the subject of sla-
very in this District might not affect any actual
subsisting right, it is obvious that no property
could be thereafter acquired in any person not
living^ or held in service in the District, at the
time of such repeal.
But I go further, sir. If Congress, under the
clause giving it "exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever" over the District, has authority to
impose taxes, and provide how they shall be
raised, for local and municipal purposes, I do not
see why it has not the power, by means of tax-
ation, to effect the abolition of slavery here. I
say nothing of the right or justice of exerting the
power for such a purpose. I speak only of the
power, and of its capacity to be used to accom-
plish such an end. But, however this may be, I
hold that Congress, if the public interest and wel-
fare require it, may directly, and at once, eman-
cipate the slaves, on making a just compensation
to the owners. The clause in the Constitution,
which regulates the taking of private property
for public use, is not, in my opinion, restricted
to such property merely as may be converted
and applied to the actual use and emolument of
the public. I think the word use, in the Consti-
tution is to be understood in a liberal sense, as
equivalent to purpose or benefit;and that whatever
is taken for public pur)K)ses, or for the public ben-
efit, is taken for public use, within the meaning
of the Constitution.
These, sir, are my doctrines upon this very
interesting and important subject. I have stated
them briefly but frankly; giving a glimpse rather
than a view of the reasons by which they may
be sustained. I have felt it incumbent upon me
to say something, and I could not, in the proper
discharge of my duty, here, well say less.
I have not been able to persuade myself that it
would subserve the cause of truth and justice,
contribute at all to the peace of the country, or
serve, in any degree, to strengthen the union of
these States, to withhold the expression of our
real opinions upon this question. The people
should not be blinded upon this subject any more
than upon any other. Since it is agitated, it is
due to the country, it is due both to the North
and to the South, to state explicity the views we
entertain upon this most important matter. To
know that Congress has the power to abolish
slavery in this District, need not, and will not,
produce alarm or apprehension in any quarter of
the Union. The people everywhere must feel
assured, and ought to rest satisfied, that this
power, like all other powers under the Constitu-
tion, will be exercised with becoming wisdom
and discretion; with a just regard to the interests,
not only of this District, but to the whole coun-
try. They ought to know, and must know, that
when policy, expediency, and justice concur in
the measure, when it can be adopted with safety
to the Union and security to all, then, and then
only, will the power be exercised; and that, when
exercised, it will be in such a manner as shall
neither disturb the public tranquillity nor violate
the sanctity of private rights.
Sir, I think the time mustcome,and will come,
when slavery will cease to exist in this District.
The opinion of all Christendom, the opinion of
the civilized world, is becoming uniform and set-
tled on the general subject of slavery. Its influ-
ence must be felt. It cannot always be resisted;
and the time will come when southern men will
cease their opposition to a measure to which they
now feel, and I have no doubt sincerely feel, that
they cannot yield their assent without danger,
great and imminentdanger,to the social relations
and established institutions of the States in which
they live.      _____________________
TREATY WITH MEXICO.
REMARKS OF HON. C. CUSHING,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
May 1, 1836,
On the Bill to carry into effect the Treaty of Limits with
Mexico.
Mr. CUSHING said the difficulties started by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,]
were, in his view of the subject before the com-
mittee, premature, and altogether unseasonable.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs presents to the House a very simple ques-r
tion of public faith. To understand the whole
case, and to find a complete answer to the ob-
jections interposed in the way of the bill, it only
needs to look into the treaties and the legislation,
having for their object to fix and define the south-
western frontier of the United States.
Whatever ancient controversy on this point
there may have been, there can be none at this
precise moment. In the third article of the treaty
of amity, settlement, and limits between the Uni-
ted States and Spain, concluded on the 22d of
