624
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 10,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Mc Comas.
Ho. of Reps
towns and cities on the sea-board were safe; that i
peace reigns through all our borders; that the
tremendous array of artillery hovering, in imagin-
ation, around our borders, does not intend to dis-
gorge its blazing magazines upon our defenseless
sea-coast, and destroy our wives and children.
He said it was not a war for blood, but it was a
war for money—less glorious than any war waged
among civilized man.    It was a war upon the
people's pockets: this is what he wished the
people to understand. Mr. McC. said that various
modes for the distribution of the surplus revenue
had been proposed to the nation; first in order,
it has been proposed to apply the whole sum to
national defense upon the Navy, the Army, and
fortifications, and the armament of the same;
second, it had been proposed to distribute the
proceeds of the public lands to the several States
agreeably to Federal population; and, third, it
had been proposed to graduate the price of public
land, and ultimately surrender the public domain
to the new States; and, in the fourth place, it has
been proposed to vest it in railroad stock for the
transportation of the United States mail.   He
said he would examine the merits of the several
propositions.   He said he was willing to make
liberal appropriations for the defense of the coun-
try.   He thought it a propitious time.   We have
the money, and it could not be more properly
appropriated than in a necessary defense of the
country.   He thought the maxim a sound one, J
that in time of peace was the time to prepare for
War.  But he thought it would not be difficult for
him to show that one half of the surplus revenue
that would accrue in the Treasury between this
and the expiration of the compromise bill could
not be applied to the defense of the country with-
out endangering that which gentlemen seem so
anxious to secure, that is the liberty of this ,
people.   It would build up a standing army, and
with it a moneyed aristocracy, on the sea-board, |
fatal to democracy and fatal to liberty.    He said
he would not examine that scheme that proposes
to vest some hundred millions of the surplus
revenue in railroad stock.   He said if it had not
come to the country under the high and imposing
sanction of a high-minded, and, he would add,
talented Senator of the United States, he should
have supposed its author intended it for a bur-
lesque on the doctrines of internal improvement
by this Government; but he said he was not
authorized to view the subject in that light; he
was compelled  to  treat it as the  work of a
statesman—as a plan for the distribution of our
surplus revenue.   But, without intending any
reflection upon the rapid conception of the mind
that brought the scheme into being, he thought
it was a sufficient argument to overthrow that
measure merely to state it to the people, for it
was one of those astounding propositions that
carried upon its face its own reprobation.
He said he would now examine the scheme of
graduating the price of the public land, and ulti-
mately ceding the public domain to the new
States. This could not be done without a viola-
tion of the deeds of cession between the old States
and the Federal Government. He said lie would
ask the indulgence of the committee while he
would -read one clause in the deed of cession
made by Virginia to this Government:
. " That all the lands within the territory se ceded to the
United States, arid not reserved for, or appropriated to, any
of the beforementionetí purposes, or disposed of in bounties
to the officer* and soldiers of the American Army, shall be
considered as a common fund for the Use and benefit of
such of the United States as have beceme members of the
confederation or federal alliance of the said States, Virginia
Inclusive, according to their usual respective proportions
in the gen<>ral charge and expenditure, arid shall be faith-
folly and bona fide disposed of for that parpóse, and for no
other use or purpose whatsoever."
Mr. McC. said it would be seen by this deed
of cession that a great national trust had beet)
created by the several States as principals, and
accepted by this Government as the agent of the
parties. He said it was evident that the States
are the parties to this compact, and that this Gov-
ernment is the joint agent of the,contracting par-
ties, to carry into effect the objects of the trust;
that the agent, in executing the trust, must be
governed by the stipulations of the deed creating
the trust. How, then, cao Congress pass a law
to give these lands to the new States, without a
fair compensation to the old States?   It would be
a manifest violation of the vested rights of the
old States, and in open violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to cede these lands to
the new States without making a fair compensa-
tion to the old States for their interest. What
(he said) would you think of that executor who
had the estate of the testator committed to his
care, by his last will and testament, with direc-
tions to settle all claims due and justly charge-
able against the estate, and the balance to divide
out among his children equally, if he were to give
the whole estate to one child? All would admit
that he had violated the sacred trust committed
to his charge, and that a court of equity would
restore the heirs to their lawful inheritance. And
where was the difference in the two cases ? He
could perceive none. He said he would submit
a few questions to honorable gentlemen on this
floor representing the new States.
If Congress does possess the power to cede
those lands to the new States, do they not pos-
sess the power to retrocede them to the old States?
He said it must be so, for it would be a bad rule
that would not work both ways. What would
honorable gentlemen representing new States say
to a proposition of this kind? We should be
told that it was a violation of the compact; that
it was part of the consideration that induced them
to go and settle the new States; and before the
old States could avail themselves of such a law
they would have to take possession of their lands
by passing over the dead bodies of the people of
the newStates; and he was sure that there would
be as much propriety, if not more, to pass an
act of retrocession returning them to the original
proprietors, after the terms of the original com-
pact had been complied with, as to give them all
to the new States in violation of positive stipula-
tion in the deed of cession made by Virginia,
that the residuary mass of land unsold after the
objects of the trust had been complied with should
be considered a ' 'common fund for the use and
benefit of such of the United States as have be-
come members of the confederation or Federal
alliance of said States, Virginia inclusive, accord-
ing to their usual respective proportions in the gen-
eral charge and expenditure, and shall be faith-
fully and bona fide disposed of for that purpose,
and for no other use or purpose whatsoever."
He could not tell what the English meant if this
clause did not guaranty to each of the old States
their equal proportion with the new States of all
the surplus lands that remained undisposed of
after the objects of the trust had been complied
with agreeably to their usual respective propor-
tions in the general charge for the expense of
Government. Why say it should be a common
fund for the States, Virginia inclusive? Why
say that the surplus fund should be bona fide dis-
posed of for that purpose, and for no other?
He said he dia not believe that any unpreju-
diced man in the world could say that Virginia
was not entitled to her share. He had made these
remarks in reference to that class of our public
lands that are within the limits of the old United
States. He should now say something in refer-
ence to that class of public lands that we have
acquired by treaty; he meant that tract of coun-
try west of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
including the island of New Orleans, and stretch-
ing east of the Mississippi to the Perdido, ac-
quired by treaty in 1803, which cost the Govern-
ment $15,000;QGO, and also the Floridas, that
Were acquired in 1819, at the rate of ¿5,000,000,
amounting in the whole to $20,000,000. It had
been contended by some that as this class of
lands was acquired by purchase, and was not
included in the compact between the States and
this Government, Congress has no power to dis-
tribute the proceeds of them among the people*
that Congress had no power to-collect money but
for revenue purposes. ThÍB was admitted when
the money was collected under the powers con-
tained in the specific grants conferring power
upon Congress to raise money forrevenue. But
he must look upon this subject in a very different
light. This money has not been raised under
any of the grants conferring the power on Con-
gress for raising a revenue. This was a very
plain question. If Congress had the constitu-
tional right to acquire the fee-simple in these
lands  they have the right to dispose of the rents
and profits; if they have the right to purchase,
they have the right to sell; if they have the right
to sell, they have the right to apply the proceeds
of the sale to what object they please. This
must be true, unless that wholesome maxim tn
logic be changed, that the major includes the
minor. It was now too late to question the
power of Congress to acquire this territory; it
had been acquired, and it had been acquiesced
in by the whole people of the United States; and
it was not necessary for his purpose to prove
that Congress had the constitutional power to
acquire these lands originally. It was sufficient
to say that Congress had the right now in fee-
simple; and having the fee-simple, they have an
unlimited control over the whole subject. This
fund not being raised for revenue purposes, Con-
gress was not restricted in its appropriation to
revenue purposes alone. But it comes strictly
under the third section of the fourth article of
the Constitution, where it is said " the Congress
shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States." If he was correct in saying that this
territory belonged in fee-simple to the United
States, then he was correct in saying it was to
be governed by this article in the Federal Con-
stitution, *' that Congress shall have power to
dispose of, and make all needful rules and regu-
lations respecting, the territory or other property
belonging to the United States." It was plain to
his mind that Congress might distribute the pro-
ceeds of these lands to the several States, agree-
ably to Federal population, if, in their judgment,
they should think it a needful and proper regula-
tion. In relation to their public domain or terri-
tory, justice required that this twenty millions,
drawn from the common treasury of the people,
should be fairly distributed among them.
He said, to graduate and reduce the price of
public lands would confer no benefit upon the
actual settlers; the effect of such a law would be
to place the public domain in the hands of the
rich speculators, who would not sell it again for
five times the sum it cost, which would be a ruin-
ous policy. Honorable gentlemen from these
new States mistake their true policy. They should
be willing to take their proportion of the sales
of public lands, and make an immediate applica-
tion of the same to the improvement of their
States. They themselves will soon become old
States, and sustain the same relation to the public
domain as the old States do now. Their interests
within their own limits are daily diminishing, and
their interests in the public domain increasing;
and it will not be long before these very States
will receive ten dollars for one, from the public
domain without the limits of the States, which
they will now receive from having all that is con-
tained within their own limits.
He would state another unhappy effect that
must arise from graduating and reducing the price
of public lands; it would greatly affect the sound
currency of the country; it would increase the
rage for land speculation; and every dollar that
will be received in the land office will pass from
the circulating medium of the country into the
vaults of the Government. It is not difficult to-
tell what the effects of thi3 measure will be, to be
always collecting from the people, and never dis-
bursing in any form It is to operate oppressively
upon every interest in the community. The ef-
fects of this measure are felt now at New York,
Boston, and New Orleans. The points where the
greatest portion of the revenue is collected are
suffering moBt; they are in the midst of apparent
prosperity, embarrassed for the want of money;
that continual draft upon them for money, and
the locking it up in the Treasury, is what pro-
duces this Btate of things.
Mr. McC. would examine the effects of this
scheme on the old-States. It not only took millions
from the treasury of each State, but it robbed
them of their population. Any system that would
invite emigration to the new States, without op-
erating unjustly on the old States, should haye
his hearty cooperation; but a system that only
transferred population from one portion of the
United States to another, was not a fit and proper
subject for legislation. It adds nothing to the
aggregate wealth of the nation.    Suppose that
