630
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Abuses of the Federal Government, fyc.—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
and office, shall have perished in the forgetfulness [
of oblivion The American Senate will go to I
Dosterity with the glory of having been the an-
choi of the vessel of State in the tempest of all
the passions unchained and let loose by the as-
cendency of party violence over the Constitu-
tion
The whole country has been filled with the
lamentations of the exclusive patriots for the loss
of the fortification bill of the last session; and,
at this session, the following resolution was pro-
posed :
" Resolt erf, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to bt intonnid ot, Fir^t, I he probable amount that
would bo iiei.e-.irx tor torlitving the lake, maritime, and
gull trontitrot the I nittd Stues, and such points ot the
land trontier as raa> require permanent fortification "
All were denounced as enemies to the country
who would not agree to pledge the surplus rev-
enue to this ill-advised measure; when, lo and
behold' the enlightened Secretary of War, by the
approbation of the President, in his luminous
íeport of the 7th of Apt incompletely demolishes
the whole scheme; and the fnends of an exten-
sive plan of new fortifications, who had been so
liberal in then denunciations of its enemies, were
compelled to face to the right-about, a movement
which iiequent use had made easy and familiar
in the evolutions of this Administiation.
On the 21st of March, while the application of
the public treasure to the erection of new fortifi-
cations was all the íage, I took the responsibility
of maintaining the impracticability of defending
our extensive frontier by fortification; that the
system had already been carried too far; that it
■would lead to a large standing army, that the
tiue strength of out country wasin the hearts of a
brave people, and the way to insure success in
war was to enable them to concentrate their power
■wherever dangei should approach, by means of
steam and roads, with the gieatest possible celer-
ity. I have the unexpected pleasure of seeing
that every position which I took is sustained in
the report of the Secretaiy of War.
The report of the Secietary has tendered the
denunciations againstthememoersof the minority
for their opposition to new fortifications as powci-
lessas time has rendered those which were leveled
at them for their opposition to repasáis and the
grant of three millions.
It is thus that the opponents of these wild and
dangerous schemes stand not only justified by
experience and reason, but they have the honor
of the sagacity of having foreseen, and the fiim-
ness to resist and defeat them in the face of
power.
I will notice in this place the systematic attempt
made at this session to establish two pnnciples
in regaid to the appropriation of money which
are subveisive of the Constitution, and upon the
success of which depend the ascendency of the
executive control above that of the legislative in
the disposition of the public treasure—pnnciples
that have been contended torfiom the commence-
ment of the Government by the advocates of the
extension of Executive power. The fust of these
principles was advanced by the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania [Mi Sutherland] as the true doc-
tnnc oí " the pai ly " It is this that the íecom-
mendation of any of the Lxecutive Departments
of the Gover mient that a certain sum of money
should be applied toa pai tial object, is puma Jacu
evidence that theappiopnation ought to be made,
and that the burden oí proof is thrown upon those
who maintain the negative ' The other punci-
ple is, that, in making appropriations, Congress
should not specifically direct the purposes to
which the money shall be applied, but that the
grant should be indefinite, and that it should be
expended at the discretion of the Executive.
The gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Cam-
breleng,] some weeks past, when he made his
speech upon the famous three million eftort on
the last night of the last session, went back for
precedents, to justify and prove that appropria-
tions should be general and not special, to the
days of 1798.
The Constitution contains the following clause:
" No money shall be drawn from theTieasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law." The people intended by this clause to
keep the purse string  m the hands of their im-
mediate Representatives. But this power had in
effect been transferred to the Executive, by giving
him grants of money to be used at his discretion.
To correct this great abuse and clear violation
of the Constitution, Mr Jefferson, in his very
first message to Congress after his election to the
Presidency, expresses himself thus:
" In our cise, too, of the public contributions intrusted
to our direction, it would be prudent to multiply barriers
asainst their di-Mpition. by appropriating specific sums to
everv speuficpurpo-e susceptible ot definition ; b\ disillovv
mz all application  ot monev varvin? trom the appropna
non in object, or transcending it in amount, bv reducing
the undetined fitld ot eontingencies, and thereby circum-
scribing discretion irj pouir  over monev, ind bv bringing
Ine k to i smsle dep irtment all iccountahihties lor monev,
where the examination maybe prompt, effioacious, and
uniform "
This great constitutional principle of specific
appropriations, biought forward by Mr. Jeffer-
son at the commencement of his administration,
has ever since been regarded as the principle, by
an adherence to which economy could be main-
tained in the administration of the finances, and
Executive power restrained within the limits of
the Constitution.
If the principle now sought to be established
should prevail—that is, that Congress is bound
to vote all the money demanded by the Depart-
ments—unless the negative could be proven, and
the grants thus procured not to be limited by
specific appropriation, but left in the broad field
of Executive discretion, then the provision of the
Constitution referred to is useless; it would be as
well to authorize the President to draw on the
Treasury for all he wanted, and to expend it as
he pleased.
The good old doctrine of the Jeffersonian school
is, that when the Departments call for appropria-
tions, the burden of proof shall be upon them;
and the grant was not to be made unless they
convinced Congress, by reason and evidence, of
the propriety of what they had recommended;
and when the money was voted, the precise ob-
ject to which it should be applied was defined,
leaving no discretion with the President, but
making it his puty to see the money was ex-
pended according to law,and not according to his
will.
I will pioceed to show the boundless extrav-
agance to which general grants of money, un-
guarded by specific appropriations, accoiding to
the recommendation of Mr. Jefferson, will lead;
and the wide range of power which they place in
the hands of the Executive, by enabling him to
give fut contracts to his friends. It would be im-
possible, in the compass of a speech, to describe
all the instances of pi odigal expenditure by which
millions of the public money are annually squan-
deied, by the aid of ambiguous, undefined appio-
priations among political partisans; but I will
select two cases as specimens, to show the coun-
tiy in what manner this Administration disposes
of the public money confided to its discretion.
In the yeai 1832, an act passed authorizing the
Piesident of the United States to cause to be built
a good and sufficient budge actoss the Potomac
river, between this city and Alexandna, and the
sum of $200,000 was appropuated for that object.
The act failed to descube the plan of the bridge,
or limit its cost; it was left to the discretion of
the Picbident The letting of the contiact was
adveitised, according to the requnements of the
law, and was taken by Gilson & Stephens, at the
sum of $1,186,625. They were peimitted to pro-
S ceed upon the work upon a mere verbal contiact,
and finally failed to execute a written contract,
and sold out their bargain to a Mr. O. H. Dibble,
in whose favor theplan of the bridge was changed,
and the puce raised to $1,350,000, without any
1 new advertisement. In the same loose manner
he was permitted to proceed upon this great work
for so large a sum upon a mere verbal understand-
ing. In the mean time, Mr. Baldwin, an expe-
rienced engineer, reponed that the bridge, upon
the plan upon which Mr Dibble was proceeding,
would cost the enoimous sum of $4,791,620. This
extraoi dinai y proceeding was an ested by the vigi-
lance of my li lend from Virginia, [Mr Mercer,]
who 13 better informed upon the construction of
all works of internal improvement than any man
in America. He had thisprodigal contractbiought
before Congress, and exposed its enormity. Con-
gress refused to go on with the woik, and paid
Mr. Dibble for what he had done Since which
time, a good and sufficient bridge had been com-
pleted—for what su m do you suppoM , Mr. Chair-
man, after what you have heard > The sum of
$113,000. The country is indebted mainly to the
learned gentleman fiom Vnginia for having saved
between four and five millions of dollars.
The other case to which I shall refer is the
custom-house now building in the city of New
York. In the year 1832, the same gentleman now
at the head of the Ways and Means íeported to
this House a bill, as chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, which passed at that session, and
contains the following section.
" Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of\dmei ica %n Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the treasury shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed, with the approbation ot
the Pt( sident of the United State , to purchase i site, and
to cause a building to be con-tructed thereon, to be u-td as
a custom house in the port ot New York, and that the sum
of $-200,100 be, and the same l  hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be applied to the purposes aforesaid "
At the time this bill passed it attracted no par-
ticular notice. It was not intimated that any
. further appropriation would ever be called for, no
one doubting that the sum of $200,000 would be
amply sufficient to buy a lot and build a custom-
house. The real design was concealed from Con-
gress. And the Secretary, in clear violation of
this law, under the direction of the President,
instead of buying a lot where they weie cheap,
as we are now informed by the father of this law
he could have done, he proceeded to make the
purchase on the comer of Wall, Nassau, and
Pine streets, in the dearest part of the city, at
the price of $217,500,and to contract for a house,
as we are now informed, that would cost a mil-
lion and a half! It is manifest that the law
above leferred to authorized no such extravagant
proceeding as this. It is perfectly certain that if
this profligate expenditure of public money had
been disclosed to Congress, the law never would
have passed. But the gentleman [Mr. Cambre-
leng] informs us that he disapproved of tne
puichase of this extravagant lot, and that one
near the water would have done as well, and also
that he disapproved of the extravagant design of
the building. Sir he was the piojector of this
law. This abuse of it took place undei his own
eye, in his own city, of which he now says he
very much disapproved Now, as the gentleman
has ever since remained a member of Congress,
it is a misfoituiie to the country that he did not,
at the next session, infoim Congress of this fla-
grant extiavagance and abuse of the law, of
which he now says he so much disapproved.
But the gentleman at the next session, in 1833,
so far fiom giving this information, slipped into
the general appxopnation bill the following
weighty lines'
" For the erection of a custom house at New York,
$300,000 "
Maik the phraseology ! Not in addition to a
foimer appropriation, not to finish the custom-
house; but it is for a custom-house. And this
year again the gentleman has got through the
geneial applanation bill with an appiopuation
of $300,00(3 more, and the yeas and nays pre-
vented on it by the gentleman's own vote for the
pielious question So that already the enormous
sum of $800,000 has been appropriated for this
house, and the basement story is not yet done.
And after all this, the gentleman makes an effort
I to throw the whole blame on a former Secretary
I of the Treasury, who made a contract, as he
states, for a house that would have cost amilhon
and a half, but that the present Secretary of the
Treasury, more economically given, had been to
i New Yoik, and had adopted a new plan to cur-
tail the extravagjnee of this first.    It seems that
| the duty of defending the Administration is con-
fined to the persons who happen to be in at the
1 time Here is a generous effort to throw the
blame on an absent gentleman, who is out of
office, and to eulogize the economy of the present
Secretary at his expense.
Mr. CAMBRELENG rose to explain, and said
that he was surprised at the imputation of a de-
sign to assail the former Secretary, that he had
several times explained, and he could only ac-
count for the observations of the gentleman iron 
