1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
-2ÍTH Cong....1st Skss.
Abuses of the Federal Government, fyc.—Mr. Allen.
Ho. of Reps.
Kentucky, by supposing he was absent when he
had gnen the explanations.
Mr. ALLAN.    Sir the gentleman is mistaken
in supposing that 1 was absent; I was present,
and luard every word ho uttered, and have a per-
fect lecollection of all that he said.    Sir, I have
«o intention of either assailing the gentleman's
motives or o I" accusing him of assailing the motives
of the former Secretary of the Treasury.   With
motives 1 have nothing to do; my business is with
facts; and although 1 intend to make a very free
and full commentary upon what the gentleman
luis said and «lone in this House, yet my duty in
this respect shall not be exercised  in a spirit of
pel soii.tlu tiki ndncss, because my intercourse with
tiie gentleman has been characterized with polite-
ness on his part.    Hut  the  influential  position
which the gentleman's party has assigned him in
tins House, and the control which he is thereby
enabled to exercise over public measures in which
my constituents have a deep interest, impose on
me the duty of commenting fieely and fully upon
his course." The gentleman did certainly say that
the former Secretary had agreed to an extravagant
plan that would have cost a million and a half,
of which he  disapproved, and that the present
Secretary had reduced the plan to a proper scale
oí economy.    I thought this a very strange ac-
count of the matter, that two Secretaries should
come into conflict upon so important a subject,
as we have been informed in a State paper that
the Secretary of the Treasury was a mere instru-
ment of the President; neither of the Secretaries,
of course, had anything to do but to execute the
orders of the President.    I wrote to the present
Secretary, Mr. Woodbury, on the subject, and so
far from claiming the credit of having altered the
plan of the custom-house, he did not even know
either what the plan was, or what the cost of the
building would be, and promised to write to New
York and procure the information which 1 desired,
and which he did, and the two following letters ,
will explain the subject:                                            j
Treascby Department, .April 28,1836. |
Sib: As promised in my ieuer of the :23d instant, I now I
have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of .1 report
made M me. under date of the Q6th instant, hy the acting
commi-sionerof the New York custom-house, containing
the remainder of llie information respecting the new cus-
tom-house building, asked for in your letter of the -¿2d of
the present mouth.
It is deemed proper to add that the contracts referred to
by the commissioner are for the following purposes, to wit:
lit. Tur the supplv of all the cut marble necessary tor the
completion of the" basement story, amounting to ¡$67,500.
2d. For the Mipplv of all the cut marble necessary for the
superstructure above the basement story, together with the
shafts lor the columns. $-231.583-
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant,                                   LEW WOODBLÜY,
Secretary of the Treasury-
Hon. CniLTOs Allas,
Houte of ReprcsetUatitet, Washington.
OrricE Commission ron buildiso Cdstom-Hodse,
New York, Jlpril 26, 1S36.
Sm: Yours of the 23d instant was received yesterday.
In reply to your inquiries, '• 1st. What is the length, breadth,
and lie'izht of the new customhouse;"
The lennh n one hundred and entity five feet, exclusive
of buttresrfs and steps on each front; the breadth ninety
feet; and the height, Irom basement floor to top ot the eve,
fifty five feet; to the top oitbe rool, sixty-eight ftet.
 2d. What will be the number and con of the marble
columns for the support and decoration of said building.
There are sixteen Doric columns for the porticoes, six
leen Corinthian columns for the great hall or rotunda
tw-ntv-two Doric columns in the basement, and eighteen
Doric "columns in the rooms of the first, second, and third
Moors, the prices of which it is now impossible to designate
as in the contracts entered into (copies of which are.vv.
the Department) the items, or parts, were not spe™^;™'
put down .„ gross.   They can, however, be obtained lrom ,
the contractor--.   The columns cannot be separated, or their ■,
receipi declined; the contract is for the whole together, ■■
and they are mosttv worked and ready for delivery.            j
-3d. What will be the cost of the building?                   I
The snoerintendenfs estimate in November last, lor-
wirderl to "°ií wa", for the whole cost of the building
Si andThe is ¿till fully persuaded that this sum w. 1
complete the whole. It is the general opinion here that
üv "he contracta already made, the Government receives ,
thVmarW. for -130.000 les- than it could now be contráete.!
toramjfurni-hed. The bni'dmptcannot be materially altered
without losing the great advantages of the™ struct.;* 
bunding is now progressing rapidly, and the entire appro-
prialion of $300,000 will absolute y be necessaiy.                ,,
I am, very re-pectlullv. your obedient servant,                ;
WALTCIt BUlVXE, Commissioner, $c.     j
Hon. L.EVI Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury, If ashingtm.
It has turned out as I anticipated: that there
could be no conflict between two Secretaries act-
ing under the orders of the same President.  The
lot for this House  cost $217,500;  the  marble,
$348,585.  There is no general contract; the cost
is not limited.    The work is progressing at the
discretion of the architect; he makes out the an-
nual estimates;   it was he who sent here the de-
mand at this session for $300,000 more.    He is
the only person who appears to be informed on
the subject.  Simply upon the act of Congress of
1832, appropriating $200,000 to buy a lot and
build a custom-house, the Executive, in the ex-
ercise of his discretion, has determined to build
a house, in the city of New York, which shall be
a splendid monument of the arts, which shall
astonish and excite admiration by its extent and
magnificence, to adorn and  beautify the great
commercial metropolis.    This house is merely
for the preservation of the books and the accom-
modation of the clerks and officers of the customs.
A plain house near the water, where the lots are
cheap, could have been built for the original ap-
propriation of §200,000; but we now see a house
progressing made of such huge blocks of marble
as to require thirty yoke of oxen to haul a single
piece.  The people can learn from these two cases
of the  bridge and the custom-house how their
affairs are managed; how power seeks every occa-
sion to extend its patronage, and provide profit-
able contracts for numerous dependents.    They
will see that their money is thrown out broad-
cast as profusely as if it were as plenty as sea
water
In private life it is a safe maxim to count the
cost before you begin to build a house; but here
a house is undertaken without defining the plan
or fixing the price, and the commissioners paid
a premium for the amount which they spend.
I will close my remarks on this branch of the
subject, by placing the Potomac bridge and the
New York custom-house by the side of a sen-
tence in the Inaugural Address of the President,
of the 4th of March, 1829.    He says:
" The management of the public revenue—that searching
operation in all Governments—is among the most delicate
and important trusts in ours ; and it will, of course, demand
no inconsiderable share of my official solicitude. Under
every aspect in which it can be considered, it would appear
that advantage must result from the observance of a strict
and faithful economy."
When you consider the effect of this " search-
ing operation" upon the bridge and the custom-
house, you cannot wonder that the same kind of
operation has made the expenses of this Admin-
istration swell more than forty-five million dol-
lars more than the preceding eight years. This
" searching operation" increases in energy as it
progresses, and will, from present indications,
very soon reach the very bottom of the Treasury.
Between twenty and thirty millions have already
been appropriated at this session. In my former
calculation, I took the Secretary's estimates for
183G at $23,000,000, which were made in view of
a French war. Now I have but little doubt that
1 the appropriations at this session will exceed the
estimates of the Secretary at least ten millions;
if so, the excess of expenditure of this Admin-
istration over the previous eight years will be
over fifty-seven millions.
It is very true  this "searching operation    has
demanded "no inconsiderable share" of the "official
solicitude" of this Administration; and if it has not ¡
been conducted exactly in accordance with the
former understanding of "a strict and faithful econ-
omy," yet a strict and faithful regard has been
1 ad to the spoils principle.  No doubt the honor-
able gentleman from the city of New York thinks
the cost of this custom-house a small matter.
When we were on the Navy bill, he sneenngly
said the pitiful sum of $600,000 was game too
small to be worthy of the attention of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]    This is all
very natural; our minds are formed by the cir-
cumstances around us.   The gentleman has been
long accustomed to see millions of the national
treasure poured out in his State and city.    His
constituents now have the use of more than twelve
millions of the public money without interest—a
million  to build a custom-house.    Under these
circumstances, it does not surprise me that the
gentleman should have large ideas, and that being
so much  used  to  millions, he should have no
patience in counting mere thousands.
I do not know how it is with the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] as lie resides at
Nashville, within the limits of the Constitution,
but I will undertake to sav that the gentleman
from the same State [Mr. Peyton] would think
the sum of $000,000 was game well worthy of his
attention, if he could get it to improve the Cum-
berland river above the upper boundary of the
Constitution.
The power of the House of Representatives is
fast wasting  away to  nothing, under another
alarming innovation in regard to the appropriation
of money.    A demand upon the Treasury for a
large sum of money was heretofore deemed an
affair  of sufficient   consequence  to  be  brought
before Congress by a message from the President
of the United States, and to be referred by the
House to a standing committee for investigation.
Now, the irregular practice has grown up, of the
headsof the Departments, instead of the President,
to call upon a committee of the House, instead
' of the House, for appropriations.    Under this
new practice, and at this session, we have seen
millions voted away upon a letter passing between
the   Departments and the committees.     I was
surprised at the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Si-eight,] who, in the general, is so correct
as to the rules of proceeding, when he asserted
that this practice had existed from the commence-
ment of the Government.    I deny that any com-
mittee has a right to deliberate or report upon
any subject that has not been referred to it by the
House.    The committees derive all their powers
\ from the House, and the range of their delibera-
tions is confined to such subjects as the House
has   referred   to  them.     I   deny their  right to
receive a communication from any source what-
ever, of original propositions, except from the
House.  They have a right, and it is the practice
for the Departments to  prepare  estimates  and
statements for the  committees  explanatory of
subjects which have been referred to them by the
House.   And it is this usage that has misled the
gentleman from North Carolina.   Whenever the
design of raising armies and appropriating money-
originated in  the Executive Department, such
design was always, until of late years, brought
before this House upon the responsibility of the
President, and it is the right of every Represent-
ative to vote upon its reference.  But our present
chairman  of the Ways and  Means  not  only
receives notes from the Executive Departments,
calling for armies, and millions, but whenever he
determines that any of these notes are not prop-
erly  directed  to  his committee,  lie  takes the
responsibility, without consulting the House, to
say which of the other committees they shall go
to.    In this informal mode of proceeding, we
have seen millions appropriated in the compass
of a few hours, under a single breeze of excite-
ment.                             .
At this dangerous innovation the honest in-
dignation of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Jarvis] rose above party and he boldly and fear-
lessly denounced this practice as reducing this
House to the condition of an old French Parlia-
ment, whose office it was to enregister the decrees
of the King. The whole of the improvements of
the country, the fortifications, breakwaters, har-
bors, &c, are progressing under such vague and
general estimates, under such indefinite legisla-
tion, that power is left in the uncircumscrihed
field of discretion, to multiply and extend patron-
age at pleasure.                            .              .
Sir, on the subject of fortifications a brief state-
ment will show the wild, wasteful, prodigal spirit,
which is now, with an unsparing hand, scattering
the public treasure to the winds—a spirit that
1 proclaims that it would be better to scourge our
land with the devastations of war than to unloose
the grip of Federal power upon any portion of the
contents of the Treasury. The average amount
of the annual appropriations for fortifications
upon the settled policy of the country «nee the
year 1816, is within a fraction of fiOO.OOO. The
estimates sent in from the proper Department for
the year 1835, when it was said there wasi danger
of a French war, were the sum ot yl3i>,0UU. i he
estimates for 1836, in view of a French war for
fortifications, being for two years, the bill for 1835
not having passed, was for the sum of f1,6lO.UUU.
And now, when the French war has gone by,
