1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
'24th Cong....1st Sess.
Abuse's of the Federal Government, §-c—Mr. Allan.
Ho. ok Reps.
present to the last hour of that long-to-be-remem-
bered night session, and confess that I was as-
tonished to hear the gentleman call upon his
friends not to vote after midnight, knowing that
the gentleman had never on any former occasion
refused to vote himself after midnight; and know-
ing, as I do, that it is his opinion that the Con-
gress does not necessarily end on the 3d of
March at midnight. I will not dwell upon what
occurred at the last session, but return to this.
During the last winter, when that gentleman de-
sired to make hea\y pulls on the Treasury, he
would take into his head that Admiral Mackau
was hovering on the coast, and sometimes seemed
to think that his guns were within point-blank
shot of the Capitol.
Since the nautical evolutions of the Gallic ad-
miral have ceased to float in the visions of the
gentleman's fervid imagination, his pugnacious
apprehensions have worked around to an oppo-
suedirection, and one ominous sweep of his finger
from Lake Superior to the Gulf of Mexico por-
tended unnumbered direful wars, in some one of
which it would be necessary to spend ten millions
of dollars. In this brief manner the honorable
gentleman unincumbered the land bill of nearly
one half its contents. The gentleman tells us
boldly that a war would do the country less injury
than the division of the surplus treasure among
the States.
Sir, that it was the deliberate intention at first
to make the whole Union tributary to New York
becomes every day more and mure evident. As
early as the ISth. of October, 1833, the agent of
the Government appointed to select the deposit
banks wrote to a person in New York that, under
the new system, "it (the branch of the Unhid
States Bank) tcill hate to become the collector of
speciefrom every quarter of the Union, for the ultimate
use of your bank, and others who may leant itinJVew
York." Yes, sir, here is a project to drain every
part of the Union of specie for the benefit of New
York. We now see, in completion of this scheme,
twelve millions of the people's money deposited
in one city, and the whole western country con-
stantly drained to keep the public funds concen-
trated at this point, and we hear the member from
that city proclaiming that it would be better to
involve the country in war than to have this New
York monopoly broken up; the monopoly by
which the specie from all parts of the Union, as
well as the public revenue, is conveyed to this
favored place.
The great contest of the present day is, whether
the public domain shall be divided among the
States to strengthen the defenses of liberty, or
retained in the hands of Federal power, to be
divided out as spoils in the form of jobs, con-
tracts, and salaries, to secure political influence.
The proceeds of the sales of the thousand millions
of acres of the public lands, devoted to the aug-
mentation of Federal patronage, will insure the
ultimate triumph of Executive and aristocratic
power over the liberty of the country.    Hence
f)Ower holds on to the public money and the pub-
ic lands. Hence the declaration that war would
be preferable to a division of the public money
among the States. Hence the presumptuous dec-
laration of the officeholders, while they are riot-
ing upon the public money which they hold in
violation of law, that if they were forced to give
it up it would corrupt the people. Hence the
succession of varying schemes which have passed
before us since the first Monday of December,
with a view to engage public attention, so that
the session might be wasted in the consideration
of a number of repugnant plans—that nothing
should be done, and Congress adjourn and leave
the public money in a position to do the political
work of " the party."
Three projects were proposed by three eminent
politicians, all high in the confidence of power—
members of the other branch of the Legislature.
One proposed to lay out the surplus public money
in the purchase of stocks ! Another reported a ;
scheme of distributing the public funds among
railroad companies, for the purpose of having the
mail carried. While another proposed to get rid
of the surplus by building forts. Now the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cambiieleng] and
his party, in the face of their own admissions i
during the whole session, in the face of their own
projects of disposing of the surplus revenue, turn
round and deny that there will be any surplus to
divide ! Emboldened by success, the party now
confidently imagine that they can pass off the
most palpable inconsistencies upon public credu-
lity, under cover of the President's popularity.
It may be slow, but a day of accountability will
come.
Out, sir, there is one view stronger than all
others, to show the inconsistency of those who
are engaged in the project of keeping the people
out of the use of their money. On the one hand
we are told that the whole ought to be appropri-
ated for the use of the GeneralGovernment; and,
on the other hand, we are told if it be appropriated
for the use of the States, it will break all the
banks. Yes, sir, according to these gentlemen,
if you grant all your money for Federal purposes,
the pet banks can pay you with ease; but if you
make the grant for the use of the States, they will
all blow up !
Sir, I will here take leave of the gentleman from
New York, and pay my respects to my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. French,] who has thought
proper to honor me by making almost the whole
of his very elaborate speech an answer to one of
mine delivered more than two months ago. I
will not complain of his going out of his way,
and against the rules of the House, on one sub-
ject, to answer an argument made on another.
But I do not see the necessity the gentleman was
under to answer my speech, inasmuch as, after
two months'deliberation, he has not ventured to
deny a material fact, or to controvert a principle
maintained by me. That the gentleman should
have selected me out of all the members of the
House to make his speech at, is a little remark-
able, considering the long and uninterrupted
friendship which he has informed (he House has
subsisted between us, and considering, also, that
the gentleman stands pledged to bis constituents
to support the same measures that I do to mine.
Our districts adjoin, and we represent people not
1 only having precisely the same interests, but
I agreeing perfectly in the measures which should
I sustain their interests I do not know that my
, colleague and myself differ on any question of
national policy. We agree that a national bank
is constitutional, and conducive to the preserva-
tion of a sound currency. We agree in the con-
stitutionality and expediency of woiks of internal
improvement. We both believe that roads could
be made in Kentucky of a national character, as
I well as in the other States. We both believe the
Constitution is in force above ns well as below
custom-houses. He believes, as I do, that the
proceeds of the public lands ought to be divided
among the States. We both agree that the con-
dition of the public money ought to be examined
into by Congress before the adjournment. Thus
situated, being old friends, substantially repre-
senting the same people, and agreeing as to all
the great measures depending before Congress, I
had cherished the hope that the gentleman would
have stood side by side with me, and shoulder
', to shoulder, in pressing these great measures, in
which our constituents have so deep an interest,
through the House.
' That the gentleman should have assumed an
attitude of opposition to me, (in a kind manner,
it is true,) is among the strange events of these
i strange times; not because we differ in principle;
not because I have made any argument against
the interest of the country; but because, as he
says, I have opposed " his party," and he, being
one of " the party," is, in self-defense, bound to
answer me. His defense is not of the Constitu-
tion, not of the great principles of public policy
called for by our constituents, for here we walk
together and are agreed. No; the gentleman
entered the lists as the champion of his "party."
My friend is an apt scholar, and has very soon
learned the fashion at the metropolis. He quickly
ascertained that no matter what measures he
advocated,no odds what principles he professed,
he would be taken into full communion and fel-
lowship, provided he would defend the party and
vote for the successor. He informed the House
that he intended to leave his posterity in Ken-
tucky, and that he loved Kentucky better than
any place in the world. No doubt this is true,
yet I could wish the gentleman had a different
way of showing his love. He stands here, from
day to day, and sees " the party" contriving
schemes of extravagance to squander the public
money, with a view to deprive the people of the
use of any portion of it; yet he is as meek and
as gentle as a lamb; his Kentucky blood is not
in the slightest degree agitated at these attempts
to crush the rights of his constituents.
The other day, in the present debate, he heard
the gentleman 'from New York [Mr. Cambre-
leng] contending that if the money was divided,
it would corrupt the people. This daring affront
upon the sovereign people did not fire my friend
with indignation, and bring him to his feet to
vindicate his constituents from the aspersion.
No; that was no attack upon the party. The
honorable gentleman had to reserve his strength,
to lay it out against a Kentuckian, who was
fighting by his side for the measures which lie
professed to advocate. After a full examination
of all the documents, my friend informed the
committee that we had a large surplus in the
Treasury—enough to divide overtwenty millions
among the States; yet he listened with perfect
composure to the gentleman from New York,
when he was boldly asserting, in the face of
figures and facts, that there was no surplus in
the Treasury. Yet the gentleman did not feel it
to be his duty to protest against a statement
which he knew to be unfounded, and which was
made with a view to defeat the just claims of his
constituents in their share of the surplus money.
The gentleman could look quietly on, and see
the great measure which he was sent here to
sustain sinking under this statement. Yet the
gentleman's love for Kentucky could not induce
him to utter a word of remonstrance; all was re-
served for me; not because I was against his
measures, but against his men. Verily the gen-
tleman does not love Rome less, but he loves
Caesar more.
But after all the gentleman's devotion to his
party, after his gallant defense of his part], what
return has his party made to him ? He moved,
on three several days, to take up and consider the
bill which I had the honor to introduce for the
benefit of the old soldiers who fought the battles
of the western country. Where was the gentle-
man's party on these occasions? They voted
him down, and would not let him have even one
hour to consider the bill. Yet my friend went
between the tellers, with the gentleman from New
York, for the previous question on the general
appropriation bill, and thereby prevented a mo-
tion to strike out $300,000 for the New York
custom-house. While my friend is aiding in the
completion of a custom-house in the city of New
York, which will cost at least $1,000,000, his
party from New York vote to leave the conquerors
of the West, in their age and poverty, without a
dollar of compensation for all their sufferings and
for all their toils. Again: my friend was elected
especially to get from his party an appropriation
to make a road from the mouth of Big Sandy to
Mount Sterling. Where is the gentleman's party
on this subject? They are taking millions for
improvements in other States, but they will not
grant mv friend a dollar for his road. He may
hope for it, but I tell him now that they do not
intend to give him a cent. So that my friend is
engaged in a most hopeless undertaking. He
stands by his party, but they will not stand by
him.
If the gentleman had reserved some of his elo-
quence to vindicate the rights of his constituents,
and to bring his party to a sense of justice, he
would have stood a much better chance of success.
My friend occupies the strange ground here of
supporting the men who oppose every measure
which the people of Kentucky think connected
with their deepest interests. I do not know what
consolation the gentleman can take in this unless
he, too, thinks it " a sufficient glory to serrt under
such a chief."
I will now proceed, in the same kind and friendly
spirit manifested to me by the gentleman, to a
nearer view of his speech. He again brinirs for-
ward the letter of General Jackson to President
Monroe, in which General Jackson advises Mr.
Monroe, " in the selection of the public officers,
to avoid party and party feeling;" advises him to
" crush the monster called party spirit;" tells him
