636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....I.st Sess.
Abuses of the Federal Government, fyc.—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
and to pass a bill authorizing the President to
raise a provisional army of ten thousand volun-
teers, and the commanding general has written
for an increase of the regular army to twenty
thousand men. The new relations of the numer-
ous tribes will, it is anticipated, produce a gen-
eral Indian war. These are some of the fruits
which have already ripened by driving the In-
dians to despair. In fifty years, if this system
does not cost a hundred million dollars and fifty
thousand lives, we shall get off better than many
anticipate. I hope for the best, and shall rejoice
if all the good comes of it that its friends antici-
pate.
The gentleman brought forward, also, a great
many foreign treaties, and the amount of indem-
nity secured thereby, with as much exultation
as if the art of treaty-making was a very late
discovery. If the honorable member had extended
his diplomatic researches a little further back,
and looked into the treaties with Spain, England,
Denmark, and many others, he would have found
a greater amount of indemnity secured to our
citizens than that of which he boasts.
To prove that we are passing rapidly from a
paper money currency to one of the precious
metals, the gentleman has produced the amount
of coinage at the Mint during the different years
it has been in operation. Now, sir, I wonder if
my friend does, in sober seriousness, intend to
convey the idea to the people that the coinage at
the Mint increases the amount of gold in the
country, or adds a cent to the national wealth ?
Does he intend to give the Administration credit
for working the mines? This would be even
worse than the credit claimed for the payment of
the national debt. The amount of gold and the
payment of the public debt depended on the same
cause—the industry of the people. In place of
introducing a metallic currency, this Government
surrendered its constitutional control over the
subject into the hands of the States; and the
national circulating medium being thereby de-
stroyed, the necessity was imposed on the States
of supplying its place in the best manner they
could. And now, when banks are springing up
as fast as mushrooms, when paper money is
overspreading the land beyond any former ex-
ample, my colleague gets up here in defense of
*' his party," and holds up the table of coinage
to show his constituents that a golden era is
about to commence, and that paper money is near
its end!
Sir, after the gentleman has informed himself
of the present condition of the public money and
the currency, I am astonished that he, in the
character of a public sentinel, announces to the
people that all is well. Does he not know that
the fact has been announced by a distinguished
leader in his party, in public debate, that if the
land bill were to pass, and the deposit banks
were called on to pay the public money, it would
not only break the whole of them, but cause an
explosion in the whole paper system of the
United States?
The gentleman has admitted that the public
money is under the control of no law, he cannot
be ignorant that it is loaned out, without interest,
to persons of whom he has no knowledge. He
knows that the notes of the deposit banks will
not circulate a day's journey from their vaults.
He knows that there is a general depreciation;
that there are brokers' shops in every town and
village-, that a traveler across the Union has to
submit to have his money shaved every day's
ride. He knows that the broker will levy a heavy
tax on the labor of the country while this mis-
erable condition of the currency lasts. At this
very time the notes on the New York banks are
shaved in this city, and the notes issued here
undergo the same operation there. In many
places the people are compelled to pay five and
six per cent, to procure notes on the United States
Bank.
In this condition of things, when the laboring
man is continually subject to be robbed of his
labor, when the public money is placed in banks
where it is admitted they will break if they are
called on to pay, I repeat that I am astonished
that the gentleman's zeal in defense of his party
should prevent him from apprising his constitu-
ents of the impending danger.
The combined influenceof ourfree institutions,
the industry and enterprise of the people, the in-
troduction of laboring machinery, the establish-
ment of manufactories, modern roads and steam
power, and the high price of our products in
Europe, have enabled this young gigantic nation
to make such advances to wealth, and power, and
prosperity, as to astonish the world. The great
result of the combination of all these causes the
gentleman, in the prevailing spirit of man-wor-
ship, ascribes to " the Government," and produces
the tables of exports and imports to show the
wonders which he has done for the country. The
people are nothing, our ruler is everything. It is
he who makes gold plenty, who pays off the na-
tional debt, who raises our exports and imports,
and regulates the amount of the cotton crop in
the South. The gentleman seems perfectly will-
ing to strip from the people the trophies of their
industry, enterprise, and genius, and place them
upon the standard of the chieftain under whom
it is "a sufficient glory to serve."
The gentleman admits that the public money is
now under the control of no law whatever, and
has arraigned the Senate and the minority of this
House for it. Has the gentleman forgotten who
it was that took the public money out of the cus-
tody of the law? But he imputes fault to the
Senate and the minority of this House for not
passing a new law to reclaim the public treasure.
If the gentleman had looked through this subject,
it is the very last one that he would have alluded
to. On the 24th of June, 1834, a bill passed this
House to regulate the deposit of the public money
in certain State banks, which the minority of this
House generally voted against, and which the
Senate laid on the table. Now, as the honorable
member thought proper to arraign others for not
passingthis bill, he ought to have given his opinion
either for or against it. I am very sure he will
never venture to say that bill ought to have passed,
for it contains some of the most objectionable
provisions of any bill that was ever before Con-
gress. But why did not the gentleman tell all,
while he was on the subject? At the same session
the Senate passed a bill on the same subject, which
this House did not act on. And further, at the
last session a bill was again introduced into this
House, and so soon as the minority offered some
salutary amendments which the majority did not
like, and which they did not choose to take the
responsibility of voting against, they refused to
act further on the subject. So that the majority
of this House not only refused to pass the bill
sent here by the Senate in 1834, but refused to
acton the bill of the last session, which they had
originated themselves. This session has nearly
passed away, and the majority has voted down
repeated motions of the minority to take up the
subject. So that the same party that took the
money out of the custody of the old law, has re-
fused to make a new law to take it out of the
hands of those who hold it against all law.
But the gentleman says that this Administra-
tion has showered blessings and benefits upon
Kentucky in rich profusion. When he came to
this part of his speech, I listened with all anxiety
to hear what kind of commodities the blessings
consisted of which had been bestowed by this
Administration upon Kentucky, as I never had
heard of any before. My friend, with all imagin-
able gravity, without moving a single muscle of
his face in sympathy with the general smile that
went round the Hall upon the occasion, announced
that this Administration had appointed to office
Messrs. Amos Kendall, William T. Barry,
Thomas P. Moore, Robert B. McAfee, and a
long list of other Kentuckians! These are the
blessings. A few men have got high offices and
large sums of money. How this verifies the
French saying—" that party excitement is the
madness of the many for the benefit of the few.'*
Here are the benefits which the people of Ken-
tucky have derived from all the party conflicts,
from all the divisions and heartburnings among
them, which have occurred in the last eight years.
We were formerly taught that Government was
instituted for the advantage of the people. But
my friend eulogizes the Goverrnnent for the ben-
efits which it has bestowed on public officers. I
complain that the Government will not expend a
fair proportion of the public revenue to assist the
people of Kentucky to make improvements; that
the Government will not divide the money which
is now idle in the Treasury for the benefit of the
great body of the working men of Kentucky who
have no office, and who desire no office; and my
friend says that my complaints on these subjects
assail " his party;" and he answers me, as a full
set-offto all the injury done the people by keeping
them out of their just rights, that a large share
of the spoils have been divided among the leading
partisans in Kentucky. Does the gentleman
suppose that Kentucky will be willing to com-
promise principle, and sell the rights of the people
to buy offices for leading men? My friend has
truly explained the principle of party action, the
plain English of which is, the art of getting and
keeping money and office; and he gives a fair
account of the loaves and fishes which have fallen
to the share of political aspirants in Kentucky,
from the table of this Administration, while he
has not been able to find a crumb that has fallen
to the lot of the people. In taking a review of
the blessings of this bountiful Administration,
which have flowed in such copious streams into
the pockets of the officeholders, the gentleman
rebukes me for complaining that the expenses of
the Government have swelled up to such a height
of extravagance.
Sir, I will not go for the officeholders; I will
stand by the laboring men of the nation, who are
the bone and sinew of the land, whose industry
| is the source of your national wealth and pros-
i perity, and to protect which ought to be the first
care of every patriot and statesman.
When the general appropriation bill for the
supply of the army of public officers with their
large salaries was before the House, amounting to
j between two and three millions of dollars, my
I friend from Virginia [Mr. Mercer] proposed an
amendment to appropriate the surplus revenue
j for the use of the people. My colleague voted
for the previous question, and cut off this amend-
ment for the benefit of the people, because, he
_ said, if the appropriation for the people was placed
'in the bill that contained the appropriations of
the officers, and the bill should be vetoed, it
would cause an interregnum in the Government.
Now, as the money is the main object, my friend
is perhaps right in supposing that an interregnum
would occur if the pay was stopped; therefore,
my friend thought it best not to put the spoils
of the officers in the same bill with the appropri-
ation for the people, lest it all might fall together.
This was the very reason why 1 desired to see
both provisions in the same bill. I have, in the
last seven years, seen so many excesses comrhit-
ted on the rights of the people, and the ancient
institutions of the country, by a fat stall-fed Gov-
ernment, that I would be willing to starve it until
I could count its ribs, and until it consented to
give up the public money which it holds contrary
to law, and divide the same among the States.
I will here leave my colleague, and we shall
part with very different feelings. While he ia
rejoicing at the flush condition of the pockets of
the political leaders of his party in Kentucky, I
am left in regret, because his "party" has defeated
the passage of every law for the benefit of the
people of Kentucky. I leave him, sheltered under
the regis of power, secure as one of its defenders,
and will proceed myself in its face, sure of its
vengeance, to point out its abuses, and arraying
its usurpations before the country. In this I
occupy my old position. Being indebted to the
people for the political honors which they have
conferred upon me in the last twenty-five years;
having been so long sustained by their firmness
and intelligence against all the assaults of power,
against all the detraction of enemies, I feel bound
by the highest sense of duty, and the deepest
feelings of gratitude, to continue, at every per-
sonal hazard, to defend their constitutional rights.
I have never sought office under Executive power 
State or national; I am under no obligation and
owe no allegiance to any earthly authority but
that of the people.
In supporting the proposition to reduce the
expenses of the Government, I shall urge the
considerations which connect it with power and
patronage more than those which relate to econ-
omy. I would rather commence the work of
cutting down Executive power by rendering mem-
