1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Harbor Bill—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
an example in a candidate for the first office, it j
will of course be followed by every one who ex- i
pects to reach the throne by the aid of govern-
mental patronage.
Wo have already come to the point where every
candid man will admit that the next presidential
election, so far as one of the candidates is con-
cerned, depends on the wisli of the present Chief
Magistrate. Did any American expect to live to
see such a wonder? Did any one imagine that
an American President would so soon acquire the
power to appoint his successor ? Is it in the con-
stitution of nature that man must everywhere
seek a master and crouch to power? Must the
right of suffrage everywhere become a mere
shadow, and the voter a mere machine? Are
nations ever v where destined to become estates in
tlie hands of rulers, to be transferred by heredit-
ary descent as property from father to son?
The powerful phalanx of public officers, print-
ers, and money borrowers enlisted in this presi-
dential canvass, are in some respects in the same
condition that Bonaparte's army was previous to
his election as Emperor of France. Public proc-
lamation was then made that every soldier might
freely vote according to his wish; but at the same
time a secret order was issued that every one who
did not vote for the Emperor should be shot. ■
Here it is said the public officers and the bor-
rowers of the public money and the printers are
free. But it is well understood that every one
who does not vote, and get others to vote, for the !
already-appointed successor shall—not be shot— '
but, if an officer, be cashiered and turned out;
and, if a money borrower, must pay up. Exec-
utive power must be reduced. The confederacy
that has the public money, and is fattening upon
the labor of the people, must be compelled to dis-
gorge their ill-gotten spoils. My observation here
for the last five years has convinced me that a
republican Government cannot be preserved un-
less it can be made a cheap Government. Liberty |
and frugality have never been and never will be
longseparated. Extravagance naturally leads to
corruption, and corruption to despotism.
Sir, the adoption of the amendment which I
have offered to this bill, by which the expenses
of the Government would be reduced more than
a million of dollars annually, would be attended
with the most salutary consequences. While it
would purify the Government, and reduce the
power and patronage of the Executive, it would
rebuke the public officers for intermeddling with
elections, and bring them to a proper sense of
their dependence on the people. It would revive
the power and influence of the States, check the
spirit of Federal usurpation, and cut off the tempt-
ation that men are now under of selling their free-
dom of thoughtforoffice and large sums of money.
It would give the Government a direction back to
the republican simplicity of the days of Wash-
ington and Franklin. It would teach power to
tremble in its strongholds, and reestablish the
ascendency of public opinion.
Being solemnly and deeply convinced that ex-
tensive abuses exist in the administration of the
Government—that power is advancing with the
rapid strides of usurpation upon the free institu-
tions of our country—that the precious heritage
of our freedom is in danger; believing that the
only remedy for these evils is to be found in the
public reason, I have appealed to that reason,
and call upon my country to rally in defense of
that liberty which they hold at the price of the
blood of their fathers.
THE HARBOR BILL.
SPEECH OF  HON. R. H. GILLET,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 24, 1836.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill for the construction of certain har-
bors, fcc__
Mr. GILLET said:
Mr. Chairman: It is with unfeigned reluctance
that I rise, at this period of the session, to par-
ticipate in debate; and I would not now do so,
did I not fully believe that my duty to myself
and some of my friends rendered the obligation
to do so imperativo, upon mo. I consideran due
to myself to defend measures of high moment,
whioh I have aided in bringing before the House,
and also to repel the charges which have been
made against the committee of which I am a
member. 1 also deem it my duty to defend my
friends, and particularly those whose position
precludes them from replying in proper person,
bore or elsewhere. I can assure the committee
that 1 will not occupy one moment of their at-
tention beyond what is necessary for these ob-
jects.
If I understand the question, it is on a motion
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pat-
ton,] to strike from this bill its "enacting clause.
Should this motion prevail, and be concurred in
by the House, it will defeat the whole bill. This
is the object of the motion. If I rightly under-
stand the rules of the House, this motion opens
the whole merits of the bill. Incidentally the
policy of raising revenue, and the best method
of disposing of it when raised, whether for such
or other objects, may also be discussed. When
we are considering the question of constructing
light-houses and harbors, for aiding our com-
merce and protecting the lives of our fellow-citi-
zens, we may also very properly examine the
question, whether, under the forms of the Con-
stitution, a better and more politic disposition can
be made of our revenue. If such a discussion
could be carried on for the sole purpose of arriving
at the true national policy, uninfluenced by ex-
pected partisan results, we might fairly expect
beneficial consequences would flow from it. But
when the interests of political aspirants are inter- ',
woven with, and their prospects likely to be in-
fluenced by, the result, we may well fear that
much of the light shed on the subject proceeds
from the torch of interest and ambition, instead
of the lamp of truth and safety. Immediate re-
sults being more prominent, are more likely to
influence conclusions than remote consequences,
though the latter may be of the most vital im-
portance, affecting the stability of our institutions
and the future glory of our Republic. When
changes are proposed in our national policy, it is
due to the subject, and to those we represent, to
examine them closely, weigh the advantages and
disadvantages, both present and future; and un-
less we are convinced, beyond a reasonable doubt,
that the permanent interests of the country are
to be benefited by their adoption, we should re-
ject them. We are now pursuing a course of
policy on this subject long since settled and acqui- j
esced in by the country, which has proved bene- I
ficial to all, and injurious to none; and we are
now invited suddenly to stop, and enter upon one
entirely the reverse. We are solicited to aban-
don the wisdom of our fathers in using a portion
of our revenues for such national objects as light- ¡
ing the path of the mariner and preparing a haven
for his safety, and to trust the lives and property
of our fellow-citizens to the hazard of darkness
and storms, to enter upon the uncertainty of un- '
tried experiment. It is not the items in this bill
that are objected to, but the system of making
such improvements. The friends of the Admin-
istration, I believe, are very generally content to
pursue the old path, which it is known leads to
safety, prosperity, and happiness, while a por-
tion, at least, of its opponents, with the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. BellI at their head,
call upon us to abandon it for the dark one of
doubtful experiment. The views of the Presi-
dent on this subject are to be found in his mes-
sage of December, 1830, in which he says:
" The practice of defraying out of the Treasury of the
United States the expenses incurred by the establishment
and support of light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public piers
within the. bays, inlets, harbors, and ports of the United
States, to render the navigation thereof safe and easy, is
coeval with the adoption of the Constitution, and has been
continued without interruption or dispute. Ag our foreign
commerce increased and was extended into the interior of
the country by the establishment of ports of entry and de-
livery upon our navigable rivers, the sphere of those ex-
penditures received a corresponding enlargement. Light-
houses, beacons, buoys, public piers, and the removal of
sand bars, sawyers, and other partial or temporary imped-
iments in the navigable rivers and harbors, which were em-
braced in the revenue districts, from time to time, established
bylaw, were authorized upon the same principle, and the
expense defrayed in the same manner !
" It is indisputable that whatever gives facility and se-
curity to navigation, cheapens imports; and all who con-
sume them are alike interested in whatever produces this
eflVct. If they consume, they ouslit, as they now do, to pay
—otherwise they rlo not pa\. The consumer in the most
inland State derives the i-ame advantase from every neces-
sary and prudent expenditure for the facility and secmityof
foreign commerce and navigation that ho does who resides
in ainautime town. Local expenditures have not of them-
selves a corrc;-poudont operation.''
I concur in these views of the President.
At the opening of the discussion on this bill,
the gentleman from Tennessee made a motion
like the present.    What new advantages did he
indicate, as  likely  to  flow  from  the proposed
change in our national policy?  Did he tell us that
the lives and wealth of our citizens, engaged in
commerce, were to be better protected?   Did he
propose to tax the people less as an equivalent
for diminished improvement?    He did not pro-
pose to reduce either the direct or indirect taxes,
or in any way lighten the burdens now imposed
in raising our revenue.    That gentleman alluded
to the deposit bill recently passed, and made it a
prominent item of consideration, and informed us
that it had been sustained by his vote.    I under-
stood him as referring to the thirteenth section
of that bill, which provides a distribution of the
Federal treasure among the States, as therein
provided, as one great cause for the proposed
change in public policy, whereby such works as
are provided for in the bill now under considera-
tion are not to be made by the General Govern-
ment.    He seemed to consider that measure as
disposing of the Federal revenues, and placing
them beyond the reach and use of the General
Government, for such purposes as these, if not
1 for all  purposes whatever.    He  told  us how
| advantageously the several States could use this
1 treasure, and appeared to treat that act as making
1 a real  distribution, instead of merely creating
' new depositories for the public money.    That
1 bill, I am free to say, received less discussion in
this House than its merits deserved.    Even now
its object and effect are matters about which we
ourselves differ.   Some say its object is solely to
keep the public treasure for the use of the Gen-
eral Government, and that it will have this and
no  other effect; while  others declare  that its
object is to distribute the revenues of the General
Government among the States for their own use,
and that such will be its undoubted effect.   Gen-
tlemen of high intelligence seemed to differ about
its construction and effect.    My friends differed
in opinion on this subject.    The President has
repeatedly called our attention to the subject of
the safe-keeping of the public treasures, and I
have no doubt that every one of his friends in
this House felt á deep anxiety on that subject.
i In  the last Congress a bill much like the one
j passed, except the thirteenth section, passed this
\ House, and a similar one has been reported this
session.    I have not heard a single friend of the
Administration object to passing a law to regulate
the public deposits; all agreed to that measure,
| when stripped of this questionable attribute.
i     I can say for myself, that I am strongly opposed
to accumulating immense masses of the public
money in local banks.    No one acquainted with
my views on the subject of banks and currency,
will for one moment believe that I desire the con-
tinuance of such a state of things.   That bill
makes two classes of depositories, the State banks
and State treasuries.    The first had been voted
for by nearly all, and therefore cannot be called
by those who thus voted, either unsafe or incon-
venient.    Such a vote clearly implies the neces-
sity and propriety of such agents.    No one, I
believe, in this House, opposed that part of the
bill on any ground.    Those who contended for
the necessity of rechartering the TJnited States
Bank as a safe and convenient agent of the Treas-
ury Department, cannot now well contend that
State banks, while they promptly perform a like
! agency, are not proper fiscal agents of that De-
partment.   If they are safe and convenient agents,
, why, when weareestabhshingandadoptingthem,
' should we make other agents who are not required,
or expected to aid,either in receiving or disburs-
ing the public money?   Why create an  agent
I over whom you can exercise no control, and who
is not amenable for violating any law you may
pass?   Why make one class of agents pay inter-
I est, and not the other; and why take all but five
1 millions from your agents who pay interest, and
