640
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Harbor Bill—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
gne it to those who do not' "Why place the ap-
planations, even those for your Indian wars, in
hands ftom which you cai not diaw them for
\iars: If these niw agents use tluse funds, as
many say thev will, undei the law, to make rail-
roads, &.c, and these wars continue, oi others
come upon us, and requue all our means, how ate
thev to refund, or we to get along without them '
If this measuie is truly a deposit of the public
money, I am at a loss to know what necessity
there is for two sets of agents, and why such an
extraordinaiy preference is given to the one not
paying interest; and why the appiopnations are
taken fiom the only class which can disburse
them, and given to the one which cannot. If the
State banks are unsafe agents, why use them at
all—why leave the moneys with them until next
year, before they are withdrawn '
1 should fuither like to know why the provision
taking these moneys fiom the old depositoues
and givuig them to the new, is not made peinia-
nent, as well as that part which leaves a part now
with the State banks, and all of it after next
year' If there is a great necessity for these new
depositories, it seems to me the law ought to be
permanent for retaining them in the service of
the General Government, as well as the one under
which the State banks are employed. If this
law is a mere matter of deposit, as is contended
by some, then it confers little or no benefit upon
the States, hut merely makes them the agents or
servants of the General Government, for a par-
ticular purpose, and for a limited period. If this
is so, then I cannot understand how it can fairly
be made the foundation of such a radical change
as that proposed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Bell] in relation to light-houses and
harbors. If tins is the true construction of that
measure, the policy of the Government is not
changed, and the States are not to use this money,
and it is not placed beyond our control any more
than it is with the other agents Admit this, and
I can see no reason why the States should desire
this agency. It is not returning to the people
what has been drawn from them in taxes. De-
positing money with an agent is not giving him
the money. If you collect money from sixteen
million persons, and employ a few of them as
your agents to keep it, you do not return it to
those from whom you collected it. Many dollars
of this money are drawn indirectly from the
pockets of my constituents, and if that money is
placed in the hands of the treasurer at Albany
merely as a depository, to be called for at the
pleasure of this Government, I cannot understand
how it is to find its way back to their pockets.
I cannot understand in what possible way such
a measure would return this money to their
pockets. If it could reach them, then I should
esteem it safe, and in a proper place. It would
be the next best thing to never having taken it
from them, with all the vast expense of collec-
tion. As a measure of deposit, I cannot see that
my constituents would derive from this measure
one particle of benefit.
On the other hand, is it really a distribution
bill' Does it give the revenues of the General
Government to the State governments' Are they
to use, and not return it' I have never heard
from any gentleman, in either end of this Capitol,
an argument to prove that Congress had power
to do so, except with the revenues derived from
the sale of public land. This was expressly dis-
avowed by many in the Senate. So far from
believing that Congress has this power, a distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Cal-
houn] deemed it necessary to amend the Consti-
tution to accomplish that object. His resolution
is in these words:
" Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, providing for a distribution of the
surplus revenues among the several States and Territo-
ries, until the year eighteen hundred and forty-three.
"Resolved ¡/y the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amenea tm Congress assembled, tuo
thirds of both. Houses concurring, That the following amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United Sutes be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States, which, when .rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution That
the money remaining m the Treasury at the end of each
year, till the first of January, eighteen .hundred and forty-
three, after deducting tberelrom the sum of--------dollars,
■hall be annually distributed among the several States and
Territories, including the District of Columbii, and tint,
for tin- purpi-i tin -.11111 to hi m nnllv di-triluHcd -lull lie
duiiliduito i numb r ot «hue- toml ti the numbi i ot
fc*t nator-and 111 preventative-in t nnsuv tor the nine being,
with the addition ot two toi each Vi niton , and two loi the
Di-tru t ot I olii alii i ind til  re «lull In illoth d t i ( uli
istiti i numb i ol -h ne- erpiil to fit numb r ot Minimis
ind Ri pu-intitivi-. to which it 1-. it t ic turn t nulled in
Consre—, and to the Territories, including the Ui-tnu ol
Columbia, t\v o shares each *'
Ceitainly that gentleman could not believe it
constitutional to distribute undei our piesent Con-
stitution. INo man has pointed out, or attempted
to do t.o, the clause in our present Constitution
which confers such authouty Congress has no
power, except what it derives under the Consti-
tution, and if this power is not there, then it does
not exist. I then ask, whete is the power which
authorizes Congress to give away or distribute
the money raised for the purposes enumerated
in the Constitution ' Sir, no such powei exists
in this Government. Allow me to refer to an
authority which no republican will dispute being
entitled to high consideration on constitutional
and political questions. Mr. Jefferson, in his
message to Congress, in December, 1806, speak-
ing of the revenues derived from the customs and
public lands,and the proper disposition of them,
said:
*• When both of these branches of revenue shall in this
way be relinquished, there will still, ere long, be an accu-
mulation of moneys in the Trea-urj, bejond the in-tall
nient- of public debt which we are permitted bv contract,
to pay They cannot, then, without a modification, as-
sented to by the public creditors, be applied to the extin-
guishment of this debt, and the complete liberation of our
revenues, the mo-t de-irable of all objects nor, if our
peace continues, will thej be wanting for any other existing
purpose The question, therefore, now comes forward, to
what other .objects shall these surpluses be appropriated,
and the «hole surplu  of impost, alter the entire discbarge
of the public debt, and during those intervals when the
purposes of war shall not call (or them' Shall we suppress
the impost, and give that advantage to foreign over domestic
manufacture ' On a few articles of more geneial and ne
cessary u-e, the suppression, in due sea-on, will doubtless
be right, but the great ma-s of the articles on which impost
is paid are foreign luxuries, purchased by those onlv who
are rich enough to afford themselves the use ot them
Their patriotism would certainly prefer its continuance,
and application to the great purposes of the public educa
tion, road-, river-, canal-, ind ^uch other objects of public
improvement as it may be thought proper to add to the con-
stitutional enumeration of Federal powers Bv these op
erations, new channels of communication will be opened
between the State- , the lines ol separation will disappear,
their interest will be identified, and their union be cemented
by new and indissoluble ties Education is here placed
among the articles of public care; not that it would be
proposed to take its ordinary branches out of the hands of
private enterprise, which mimges so much better all the
concerns to which it is equal; but a public institution can
alone supply those sciences which, though rarelv called for,
are yet necessary to complete the circle, all the parts of
which contribute to the improvement ol the country, and
some of them to its preservation
" The subject is now proposed for the consideration of
Congress, because, if approved by the time the State Legis
latures shall have deliberated on this extension of the Fed-
eral trusts, and the laws shall be pas-ed and other arrange
ments made for their extension, the necessary funds will he
on hand and without employment I suppose an amend
ment to the Constitution, by consent of the States, neces
sary, because the objects now recommended are not among
those enumerated in the Constitution and to which it per-
mits the public monejs to be applied "
Is there any doubt of the correctness of Mr.
Jefferson's position, that the objects are not
among the powers enumerated in the Constitu-
tion ' I am sustained by his opinion, that we
have no right to distribute the national treasure
under the present Constitution. I think that
question conclusively and irrevocably settled.
But if we have the authority to give, why not
do so in a frank, manly, and undisguised man-
ner ' Why not take the surplus, if there is a real
one, and make the gift by name ? If Congress is
invested with that power many shape, it has the
power to do so in terras—it may make a gift,
donation, or distribution, by name. If the power
really exists, the genius and spirit of our institu-
tions and candor and good faith require, if we
divide, to do so openly and distinctly, so that our
action may be preaeated to our constituents in its
true light. If we have not the power, then our
duty to the Constitution, to them, and to ourselves
requires that we should not attempt it by any in-
direction, under any disguise in name or form.
I know of no reason why an American Congress
should resort to indirection to do what the Con-
stitution and duty require it to do directly and
openly.
But it may be said that Congress cannot give,
because the Constitution does not pcimit it ind
that the moni y must bo k< pt uheie it can bo
cilhd foi to meet my emergí ney If thsisso,
and it is in fict to bt i etui in il, I ngun ask how
aie the people tobe ben.fi id' This would not
be returning to them t ien oun money, as we have
been told wis the olijet t It it is the prople's
own money returned to them, then the Geneial
Government has no light lieieafter to call foi it
On the contiaiy, if it is the mom y of the Gov-
ernment, then it cannot be ictuiii  d to the people's
pockets for their own use It would be of little
advantage to them to leccive it, and be hablo to
ha\ e it called foi on any day, nt the \v ill of others
It is entuely ímpiacticable to ies,tore this money
to the f ockets of the people, fiom winch it has
been duuvn by indirect taxation They never
can receive it directly. But if it were possible to
accomplish such a puipose, it would not do
away the constitutional objection. The want of
constitutional power is a full answer to the whole
scheme of distnbution I, then, submit whether
a due íegaid for the Constitution and our con-
stituents does not rcqune of us an application to
the true source of power foi a constitutional ex-
tension of legislative authouty, according to the
suggestion of Mr. Jefferson, authonzing it, be-
foie wc attempt a division of the levenues of
the General Governmentamong the States' And
allow me to suggest, if this powei is evei to be
conferred, that, as fai as piacticable, except in
cases of wai, Congress should have the least
possible contiol over the amount of the dividends;
by giving a certain per cent, of the revenues, or
a certain gross sum; and then use by the States
should be confined to the purposes of education,
and such other specified objects as shall equally
benefit all, lest wc realize those difficulties which
I shall hereafter suggest. Still this measure is
commented upon and conclusions diawn from it,
as if it were really a distribution.
We aie advised of the great advantages that
are to flow from the distribution. I think I have
shown that, if it is a distribution, the measuie is
unconstitutional, and if it is not a distnbution,
that then it is not returning to the people their own
money, oi benefiting them at all. What, then,
is this measure' This is an impoitantquestion,
which has produced different answers. I believe
there is not a fnend of the Administration who
will not repudiate the idea of sustaining it as a
distribution. I do not know the man among
them who would not pronounce it unconstitu-
tional. Those who voted for it, so far as I know
their views, considered it a mere deposit meas-
ure. As such, I have shown that what relates to
the new depositories is valueless to the people.
But among the vanous opinions which are en-
tertained of this measure, there were those who
viewed it as an indirect distribution, and as much
a violation of the Constitution as if it were a di-
rect and open distribution Those who originated
it treated it as a distribution in its consequences.
The consequences which they enumerated were
such as could not result from a deposit. They
could only flow from a distribution, from a free
gift of money not to be returned. Those friends
of the Administration who considered it a distri-
bution in fact, voted against it in obedience to
their sense of duty under the Constitution. They
believed it not less a distribution for its being cov-
ered with the deposit mantle; no less a violation
of the Constitution because the word " deposit"
occupies the place of "distubute"m the structure
of the sentence. They feared that the conse-
quences would be injurious to the best interests
of the country. Many thought they foresaw an in-
crease of indirect taxation to swell up a fund for
distribution. If it was not a gift, they doubted
the propriety of each of the independent States
becoming debtors to the General Government,
liable to be called upon at the pleasure of the
creditor. It was apprehended it would weaken
the independence of the States without producing
a corresponding benefit to the General Govern-
ment or the people. They feared that it might
lead to extravagant, and often useless expendi-
tures on the part of the State governments—
that they might conform, in an evil hour, to the
will of the Federal Government, to avoid paying
old debts; and that they might become prostrate
and dependant on the great central power for
