1836.]
APPENDJX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
24th Cong....1st Sess.
means to sustain their institutions. They feared
that, in the words of the old adage, the debtor I
«ou'd Income the shve of the creditor; they
ftirtd that tin State di\idends might be stized by
knot  of pohticiuia in the different States, and
umJ, not for the bent fit of all, but to build up
pi u ale fortunes or pei petuate political po wei •, that
thev mi^ht be used "to make the rich richer and
the poor poour," that it might sever the link of
at i ountabihty which now binds the political agents
of the State governments to their constituents
Tiny feand that under pretense of public good,
projects mi^ht be stt on foot,and woiks be com-
nuiKtd which might result in little, except the
fi-Igrnndiztment of the sagacious or influential
spteulator, that in time a soveieign State might
not dare to enter upon a noble enterprise for the
b< ntfit of her citizens, without sacrificing to polit-
ical duties, and consulting the Treasury oracles.
They feartd that, instead of devoting our Fedeial
rtvtnues to the objects pointed out in the Con-
stitution, the defenses of the country, they might
be diverted to objects of less national character.
They feared that our Navy might cease to be an
admired and cherished object, that our fortifica-
tions might ciumble into ruins, and our harbors
and n\ en> might remain choked up and obstructed,
to the buzaid of out ships of war and the preju-
dite of commerce. They feared that our militia
might not be armed, equipped, and disciplined by
the General Government, as they ought, to relieve
tlnm from unnecessary burdens, and to insure
quiet and protection. They ftared the arm of
public defense might be palsied by withholding
appropriations for that purpose; that commerce
might be left to perish on the hidden shoals of the
ocean, or dished to íuin on the unlighted shore
I voted with these, and participated in their views
I may have been mistaken in my views and fears
If so, it is an error of the head, and not of the
heart Time will test the whole. I may have
looked with too great apprehension upon the
future A proper degree of solicitude, however,
on such a subject, is not among the unpardonable
offenses.
It has been asked, with an air of triumph, if it
were really feared that Congress and the State
Legislature would not promptly perform all their
duties. I will answer by asking other questions.
Did the Senate of Massachusetts, when it re-
soh ed, during the last war, that it was unbecoming
a moral and religious people to rejoice at our
victories, perform its duty' Would gentlemen
be willing to rely upon the action of such a body
for money necessary to prosecute a war' Were
there not other legislative bodies that exerted all
their efforts to oppose the last war, and cripple
Mr. Madison's administration' Do gentlemen
believe that if money, the sinews of war, had
then depended upon the vote of Massachusetts,
we could have procured it to defend the country'
In what State, where the Federalists were in
po*er,   did   the  General  Government   receive
frompt and efficient aid' Now, as to Congress,
ask, did Congress perform its duty, in passing
the alien and sedition laws' Who will, here or
elsewhere, defend those measures' Will any
friend of the Administration say it did so when
it passed the bill to recharter the United States
Bank, Mr. Clay's land bill, and the Maysville
road bill' Will the gentleman from Tennessee
say the Senate was doing its duty in trying and
condemning the President in 1834, without the
authonty of law' Will any one say that it was
performing Us duty, when members here resisted
appropnations for the last war? The people
have passed judgment in these cases, and the
history of the times tells us what the answer is.
Sir, we have been told on this floor, when con-
sidering an appropriation to repress Indian hos-
tilities, that if we were not more economical and
rigid 10 our appropriations, toe should have nothing
left to divide. Those who were opposed to the
Government during the last war, may hereafter
have it in their power to control the destinies
of this nation, and we may have as little to
approve of in their acts as we had in their
gag-law and their war patriotism. My feats,
as to the fate of the bills in aid of commerce,
are about to be realized. The harbor bill is
attempted to be defeated, to aid in the work of I
No. 41
The Harbor Bill—Mr. Gillei.
distribution *    The gentleman from Tennessee
has raised his powerful arm against woiks of
improvement by the General Government, works '
which vitally affect the lives and fortunes of a
laigt number of our fellow-citizens.
1 ask,aie all such nnpiovements to be aban-
doned J If such changes follow that measuie, it
will present itself in a new and niteitsting light
If the aim of this Government is to be rendered
nerveless as to breakwaters and harbors, may it
not become equally so as to light-houses, forts,
and other national objects' I have not heard the
gentleman from Tennessee allege that the items
in this bill were not such as, under the Consti-
tution, are proper objects of the fosteung hand
of the General Government. The question is nar-
rowed down to one of mere expediency. Shall
we, under the new state of things, engage in these
improvements, or not' The aigument used by
that gentleman, it seems to me, will extend with
undiminished force against all national works
designed to foster commerce and pieserve the
manner Why shall we change the tned and
approved policy of the Government' Who seeks
it,andfoi what purpose' Sn, we are pointed to
the deposit bill as the cause forachange in policy,
and it is sought for by the opponents of the Ad-
ministration, and for the purpose of increasing
the amount to be distubuted during the coming
y ear This is the great hinge on which the whole
turns While the fitends of the Administration
desire to collect no more levenue than is required
to pay the necessary exptnsts of Govemment,
and make such woiks as are of a stuctly na-
tional character, it is a favonte purpose of us
opponents to pave the avenues to political dis-
tinction and power with gold from the national
Treasury, to appeal to selfish instead of patnotic
considerations, nay, sir, I venture the prediction
that the party who lefused to aid in raising means
to defend the country in the last war, will now
claim high consideration because they wish to
divide the Treasuiy. Roman conquerors and
demagogues divided first the gram from the pub-
lic stoics, then the lands, and then came the
downfall. If you can divide the contents of the I
Treasury, why not divide the lands before sale,
and give direct to each citizen his due pioportion'
Why not carry out the movement, and divide the
whole property in the Union equally ' The people
may be deceived and misled for a day, but they
will not long follow golden lights in the hands of
demagogues They only ask of Government good
wholesome laws, protecting them in their lawful
pursuits, punishing offenders; laws which shall |
confer equal advantages upon all, defend the i<r- j
norant and the feeble against the craft of the subtile
and selfish, and the violence and oppression of
the strong and powerful.
I hope, sir, that this House is not prepared to
follow the lead of the gentleman fiom Tennessee.
I am confident that a majority do not entertain his
views on this subject, nor the one adveited to.
If a radical change in oui national policy is not
to take place, then it becomes our duty to considei
whether it is proper to undertake any or all the
works enumeiated in this bill. Those who are
against all such improvements will, of course,
vote for striking out the enacting clause, to defeat
the whole bill. On the contiary, those who be-
lieve it the duty of this Government to carry on
any one of those included in it, will vote against
the motion. Subsequently such items can be
stricken from it as may be considered as improp-
erly included. I will not go into an argument to
prove the utility of such works as those included
in this bill. All must concede their importance. I
Unless we foster and protect commerce, that boun-
tiful source of revenue must dry up and disap- |
point us. I am desirous of conecting what seems
to be an erroneous impression of some in rela- ,
tion to a portion of these works. I refer to those
on the lakes. They have been spoken of in terms
of dispa-agement, and as not being within the av- ^
enues of commerce, or the sphere of naval opera-
tions Those who entertain these views follow
false lights.    The history of the last war will
i     * The harbor bill for the continuation of old works, which
I passed the Honse, was much reduced in the Senate, as wis
also the new harbor bill. The light house bill was entirely
I defeated there.
Ho. of Reps
shed some light on this subject. Three of these
lakes were then sknted by settlements, and two
of them will ever be remtmbered as the theater
of the achievements of Perry and McDonough.
The victories of Erie and Champlain will never
be forgotten while valoi is cheushed by our cit-
izens. The Ontario fleet was not unimportant;
and, at the close of the war, your navy-yard at
Sackett's harbor showed two ships of the laigest
class on the stocks, while sevtial smaller ones
weie afloat. One, if not both, of the former,
are still owned and preserved by the Govern-
ment There are now five of these inland seas,
studded with cities, villages, and settlements,
rivaling thos>e on the Atlantic—each of them im-
portant to present commercial and future naval
operations. Oui next war for " fiee trade and
sailors' rights" may be on those lakes. An en-
emy will find more thcie to destroy than in 1812.
Commeice has sprung up on them, and these
lakes are now covered with steamboats and ves-
sels, fieighted with thousands of oui citizens and
millions of oui commeice. The want of sea-room
and natural haibors renders the navigation of the
lakes hazardous, and hence it becomes a matter
of strict duty to light the coast and construct ar-
tificial harbors. Shall we refuse this, when th&
Government has moie money than it can use for
other puiposes—when there is a surjilus > Thou-
stnds of people leave Buffalo tveiy day foi the
West to settle on the public lands, vast num-
bers leave other places. Boa's are crowded with
men, women, and childien, and their very num-
bers increase then penis in case of danger Pa-
triotism and duty point to them as ol jects of
national piotection These lakes, at this time,
require more of the attention of this Government
than the Atlantic, which has long felt us fostering
caie. The wilderness on the lakes has disap-
peared, and given place to cultivation and thrift
tint will not sufler by compauson with any part
of the Union The region which was bon e
down and buried m distiess and poveity in a war
glowing out of commercial operations on the At-
lantic, is now the abode of health and plenty, and
I ask you to cherish its uiten-sla in the sane lib-
eral spiut that you do the oldei legions Let the
benign influences of this Government fall iqiully
upon all, as fai as a strict adheicnee to the Con-
stitution will pcimit.
The commtice on the Atlantic now has not
only all that is asked for the lakes, but we float
a Navy at the cost of annual millions to protect
it. Every hundied million of that commerce
costs this Government seveial to guaid and pio-
tect it abroad, as well as at home bhall we, then
grudge a small pittance for the home piotection
of that on oui own inland si as ' I hope not This
would not be liberal oi just, or woithy of the
American chaiactei. I think I have shown these
improvements to be within the consíiíuíionaí
potcei of Congress, that they aie so íeceivrd by
the Executive branch of this Government, and
have received the sanction of every Congress for
many years That these woiks are necessmy, is
admitted by all I then appeal to this House to
provide for them before we dispose of a suiplus,
which can only exist, as the word implies, dfter
all necessary constitutional woiks are fully pro-
vided for. When all is done that ought to be
done for all national purposes, if a real surplus
is found to exist, the people, whose interests alone
ire affected by it, will decide whether the taxes
shall be reduced to the necessities of the Govern-
ment, oi whether the Constitution shall be altered
so as to raise money foi distribution. Until then
let us continue our public works with a spiut
worthy of Americans.
Mr. Chan man, I should here have concluded
my remarks, but for the extraordinary attack of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr Bell] on two
of the committees of this House—the Committee
of Ways and Means and the Committee on Com-
merce, and through them upon the presiding offi-
cer of this House. I am a member of the latter
committee, and feel it my duty to repel the chaige
so distinctly and confidently made. That gen-
tleman distinctly and confidently stated that these
two committees " were organised on the princi-
ple of extravagance;" but added, however, " that
it was not the fault of the membeis composing
