<
642
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
17ie Harbor Bill—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
these committees, or their constituents that they
were thus organized." This is but a feeble at-
tempt to blunt the edge of the charge of extrava-
gance made against the members of these com-
mittees, but it serves to give diiection and point
to the charge m ule against the Speaker who ap-
pointed them Thecliaisre pioelaims wiong some-
wheie, and. if it dors not rest with the members
of the committees nor their constituents, it must
of necessity lest upon the Speaker. In order to
sustain his imputation against the Speaker for
censurable appointments, he must first fasten the
charge of extravagance upon the individual mem-
bers "of these committees. In proof of the truth
of his assertion, he took up a list of the commit-
tees, and read most, if not all, of the names of
those on the Ways and Means, and commented
separately on them, and attempted to prove from
their location alone, that they were liable to his
charge of extravagance in public expenditures.
He abandoned his undertaking before he finished
the first committee, and despatched the other (in
a lump) by bold assertion alone. I have an an-
swer to most of the gentleman's charge, which,
being a matter of record in this House, cannot be
the subject of dispute or cavil. At the last ses-
sion, that gentleman was Speaker, and appointed
the committees. Here is a list of these two com-
mittees as then and now appointed:
COMMITTEE OF WATS AND MEANS.
Appointed by Mr. Bell.            Appointed by Mr. Polk.
Polk, of Tenn., chairman.      Johnson, of Tennessee.
Wilde, of Georgia.                Owens, of Georgia.
Cambreleng, of New York.     Carnbreleng, of New York,
McKim, of Maryland.               chairman
Binney, ot Pennsylvania.       McKim, of Maryland.
Loyal, of Virginia.                Inger oll, of Pennsylvania.
McKmley, ot Alabama           Loyal, of Virginia.
Hubbard, of N Hampshire.    Lawrence, of Mass.
Corwm, of Ohio.                   Smith, of Maine.
Corwin, of Ohio.
It is known to us all, that but five of the former I
committee are now members of this House. The
late chairman is now Speaker. The other four
are retained on this committee, where the late
Speaker placed them. To supply his own place,
so faraslocation is concerned, the present Speaker
selected his own colleague, Mr. Cave Johnson,
whom the gentleman placed, at the last session,
at the head of a very important committee. Every
member of this House knows that he is one of
the most thorough opponents to extravagance in
it. He is a rigid economist with the public money,
and his voice and his vote are always against
profuse expenditures. I always consider him a
safe guide when he goes for a public expenditure.
If there is a thorough radical in this House, he
is one. In place of Mr. Binney we have Mr. In-
gersoll, his successor, and in place of Mr. Wilde,
Mr. Owen from the same State. I believe the
honorable gentleman will be troubled to prove
them more extravagant than their predecessors,
who were of his own selecting. I believe he did
not continue his charge when he reached their
names. The next change is placing Mr. Smith
in place of Mr. Hubbard, who is now in the
Senate. So far from making a charge of extrav-
agance against him, he spoke of that gentleman's
report on harbors, and paid his economy a com-
pliment. The only remaining change is that of
Mr. Lawrence in place of Mr. McKinley. Mr.
Lawrence comes from the same district formerly
represented by Mr. Gorham, who occupied the
same place on the committee. I am not aware that
he is particularly liable to this charge of extrava-
gance. He is, however, a political associate of
the honorable gentleman, and I leave them to
settle the matter between them.
Here is a list of the former and present Com-
mittee on Commerce:
Appointed by Mr. Bell.            Appointed by Mr. Polk.
Sutherland,   of Penn ylva-   Sutherland,   of Pennsylva-
nia, chairman                          nia, chairmiii
Harper, of Npw Hampshire.   Cu-hinan, of N. Hampshire.
Pinekney, ot South Carolina.   Pinckney, of SoutliCarolina.
Heath, ot Maryland.                  Jnghain, of Connecticut.
Pierce, ot Rhode Island.          Pii'rce, ol Rhode Island.
Gillet, of New York.                Gillet, of New York.
Phillips, of Massachusetts.      Phillips, of Massachusetts.
Johnton, of Louisiana.            Johnson, ot Louisiana.
Morgan, of New York.           McKeon, of New York.
From this it will be seen that six out of nine
(all that are now members.) are precisely the same
persons appointed by the gentleman himself.
The changes are, Mr Cushman in place of Mr.
Harper, fiom the same State, and Mr. McKeon
in place of Mr. Morgan, from the same district;
and Mr. Ingham, from Saybrook, Connecticut,
instead of Mr. Heath, of Baltimore. Messrs
Cushman, Ingham, and McKeon will not suffer
by a comparison with their predecessors on the
committee, who were honorable men. The warm
effort of Mr. Heath to procure a large subscrip-
tion to the stock of the railroad from Baltimoie
to Washington, cannot have been forgotten by
manypresent. I will add, as it relates to myself,
that there is not even an application from my
district for an appropriation for any public pur-
pose. There is not a man in my district, to my
knowledge, who is interested in any western land
speculation. I will now ask, with what propriety
does the honorable gentleman charge that this
committee was formed on the principle of extrav-
agance? The present Speaker had his own au-
thority for appointing two thirds of them, and
for the location, which seems to be his principal
proof, of all except one. The gentleman shrunk
from the task of potnting out, on this committee,
the names of those who, from location or other
cause, were tainted with extravagance. Sir, the
charge is unfounded, both as it relates to the
members of the committee and the Speaker. That
gentleman needs some pioof, besides location and
naked assertion, to sustain his charge against
either. He will find the votes of the members
of the present committees are as free from cen-
sure as those of persons differently located, and
as free as those who were appointed by him A
proper sense of what is due to the members of
this House and the country, ought to have in-
duced him to have withheld his charge until he
could have sustained it by better evidence.
But, sir, these committees were not, in my
judgment, the principal objects of attack. He
could have had but little object in dealing blows
at them. To him it is far more impnitant, and
it is more consonant with the drift of his labors,
during the session, to make the Speaker's scat
an uneasy one—to make it totter under him. His
rival occupies that station, which is the highest
in this House, and one of the most honorable in
the nation. He failed to unite with the honoiable
gentleman in the celebrated caucus at the last ses-
sion. Hestood.m 1834,almost the sole champion
of the President from Tennessee. He resisted,
with all the force of strong argument, the multi-
plied attacks on the President for removing the
deposits. He is now his fast friend. He has
been elected Speaker by the votes of the fnends
of the Administration; by the votes of those who
I then sustained the President, and who now sus-
tain him. The honorable gentleman, though
almost the sole opposing candidate, failed of suc-
cess. I leave him to tell, by the votes, of what
party he was sustained. If the National Repub-
licans, Nullifiers, and Abolitionists, had anycan-
1 didate but himself,he can name him. If, in 1834,
or since, he has uttered a word in defense of the
hero of New Orleans, he will confer an obligation
by pointing it out. This session the Journals will
show how often the honorable gentleman has fol-
lowed the lead of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] and voted with the special
fiiends of Messrs. Clay and Calhoun and the
Abolitionists, and in opposition to the friends of
the President. When a member of the party with
which he is acting, in the last Congress, called
his constituent (the President) a toothleis tyiant, I
ask, did he raise his voice to resent it? Did he
hurl back the slander, as honorable gentlemen
usually do, when their constituents are attacked'
If hedid I did not hearit. Itisthe presentSpeaker
who repelled all such attacks. Unless defending
the President, and declining to attend the caucus
are crimes, I know not what offense the Speaker
has been guilty of, that he should be hunted
down by his colleague. If, before he refused to
attend that caucus, he was known to the ex-
Speaker to have been of such doubtful integrity
as hispresentcharge implies, how did he reconcile
it with the dictates of duty to appoint him chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, the
most prominent place he could assign him in the
organization of the House?   Spectators view the
honorable gentleman's course at this session as
designed to hurl his successful uval fiom the
chair, and piostrate him in disgrace. How was
this to be done > Not by open and bold attack
at the commencement, which could be n polled,
but by the subtilty of indirection. What has
been his course tins session towaids his colleague,
who must occupy the chair in silence' At°the
very outset of this session, while smarting under
the sting of defeat, he U_,an his complaints
about the rules of Older; they were wiong. He
would not say that the present incumbent did
actually abuse his power under them, but he
might do so; they were liable to great abuse; the
freedom of speech and of the people depended
upon taking away the vast and frightful power
collected in the hands of the Speaker. Yes, sir,
as soon as his rival became the expounder of
these rules, which have been in use for years, he
desires them altered. But while he was in the
chair, the Speaker's power under them excited
no terror, no alarm in his bosom. The power
was safe in his hands, when he was applying the
rules to his rival and others; but when taken
from him, and given to another, this Hall echoes
with the notes of his fears. Years have rolled
by without an effort, so far as I can learn, on his
pai t, to limit this dreaded power. Now its safety
is doubted in the hands of one whom the majority
preferred over him for Speaker. The generosity
and nobleness of all this I will not now comment
upon.
I will here remark, that those who have aban-
doned the Chief Magistiate, and joined the stand-
ard of his enemies, usually remove the mask by
degrees. They usually commence by throwing
out insinuations, and end in the use of assertion.
The effort is first to induce a belief that there is
something wrong in the President, known to
them; next, that he is changing; then changed;
and all ends in pronouncing him entirely un-
worthy of support. They nevercommence boldly,
and admit their own change, but slip off by
degrees, like deserters. The public mind must
fust be prepaied by insinuation and suspicion,
before it will believe a charge not fully sustained
by pi oof.
Sir, if the people could be led to doubt whether
the rules were fairly applied and propeily exe-
cuted, they might then the more readily believe
the charge that they actually had not been. Settle
this belief firmly, and then they would the more
readily believe the allegation that the committees
were appointed on the principle of extravagance.
Without these preliminary steps, this charge
would find few believers. What is here mere
insinuation in these things, swelling with the
distance it travels, when it reaches Tennessee,
becomes matter of positive allegation and belief.
Sir, I know the presiding officer of this House
well I have for three years been a witness to
his manly and honorable course in defense of the
Administration, the Constitution, and the rights
of the people; and until the honorable gentleman
opened his battel íes upon him, I never heard even
an insinuation bieathed against him. Even his
political opponents bear testimony to his capacity,
honesty, and impartiality. The honorable testi-
mony of Mr. Banks, on resigning his seat here,
to this effect, is a matter of record on the files of
the House. The witnesses of his liberality,
ability, firmness, and honesty, are on every side
of me. I can hardly imagine that anything short
of deep-rooted personal hostility could induce any
man, an observer of his acts, to charge him with
oficial misconduct, either in executing the rules
and orders of the Souse, or in the foimation of
the committees. If record evidence is needed as
to the correctness and propriety of his decisions,
we have it in the strong and decisive vote by
which his decisions are uniformly sustained. The
names of his political opponents, as well as of
his friends, are found sustaining these decisions.
At this session thirty three appeals have been
taken. Three of them were laid on the table
which is equivalent to sustaining him, nine of
them were withdrawn by those who appealed,
twenty affirmed, and but one reversed. In the
latter case, he gave a more liberal construction to
a new order than the House decided it was his
intention it should bear.   In this decision the
