1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
24th Cong...1st Sess.
The Harbor Bill—Mr. Gillet.
Ho. of Reps.
Speaker was sustained by the voice and vote of
tin honorable gentleman Ceitainly lie cannot
uimn'uiiot thu decision. If the Sptahei's de-
i im in-, h >d not bit.i) t haractenzed b\ sound judg-
ment and sritat funics, he never would have
Ik  n so triumphantly sustaim d
1 h honoiablegtntlt manmaktsanothercharge,
whu'i, in its 1011-iqutin.t s, is calculated to injure
tin Spuvkir     lit s iv s, at this session there has
btii   -mi  di oid> i  in  the House.    This seems
munihil to convey the idea that he is not com-
intuit to preserve oider    This is nota reproach
up mi  his honesty, but a disparagement of his
i.ipauty, and is calculated to have effect out of
this Hou e    It stems to be designed to have the
orde r ot this St ssion contiasted with the past.   I
must confi ss that this effort of the ex-Speaker to
tuovv Ins successor to disadvantage, by compar-
ison with himself, is an mu resting specimen of
niodtsty     That there has been disoider in the
House, I do not deny, but I deny that it is the fault
of the presiding officer.  That gentleman told us,
long sunt , that the minority were always restive
and uneasy, and  if they could not accomplish
thtir objects ordeily, they would do so disor-
derly, and that it was natural for those who weie
restraint d, to find fault.    I leave others to say
whether his is not a fair illustration of this last
position     He knows full Will that the disorders
have  proceeded  mostly  from  those  whom  he
described as restrained.    When gentlemen were
out of order, I should like to know how often he
has voted them to be so, and to prevent their
going on     I should be happy to learn that he
had'even for once, endeavored to use his influ-
ence to check tnese disorders.  The commanding
position of that gentleman would enable him to
effect much in quieting those who were restrained,
if he chose to do so.  But the Journals will show
that he had even moved to allow a member, de-
cided to be out of order by a vote of the House,
to proceed     I will not name those from whom
the disoider proceeds, but this House and the
country know who they are, and their relation
to that gentleman.   I hope he will now allow the
Sneaker a  respite, and  that he will  tuin  his
attention to those who have been the authors of
the disoiders complained of, and read them such
a ksson as shall prevent like future occurrences.
The  gentleman   is sorely annoyed with the
Globe and several other papers, and occasionally
occupies the attention of the House with a chapter
of griefs on their account     I know little of the
merits of his controversies with them, and shall
not attempt their defense while they are so able
to defend themselves.    It is not beyond proba-
bility that we should hear little on this score if
he was altogether victorious in his conflicts with
them    It is not usually the victor who complains
of his antagonist.
The gentleman has often complained this ses-
sion of the rule of the House which authorizes
the demand of the previous question.    He and
his friends have heaped showers of epithets upon
it, calling it the engine of tyranny, gag-law, &c,
until an old and valuable rule of the House is in
danger of being considered highly exceptionable I
and improper    I will here take occasion to make ¡
a few remarks on the previous question.    I he |
Constitution authorizes each House to make rules
for the government of its own proceedings.   1 his
House long since adopted rules which are now in
operation.    These rules have in view the order
and dispatch of business.    Among them is the
rule giving the previous question, which termin-
ates debate.    I am informed that in the British
Parliament no such ruleexists, and the only way
to stop debate is to cough down whoever attempts
to speak against the will of a majority.   Our rule
is liable to fewer objections, and is better adapted
to the promotion of oider and good feeling, with-
out it a small number may control the action of
the House and defeat all business.   The country
mi-ht look in vain for the transaction of public
CuS.ness if a minority could defeat it by constant
talking.    The previous question is seldom called
until the main question is understood. AH parties
wncn in a majority resort to its use.    It is true it
Nearly every old member here, as the Journals I
show, luis voted for it The bill to recharter the l|
United States Bank, and Mr Clay's land bill,
passed this House by the use of the pievious
question, nearly every opponent of the Adminis-
tration voting lor it The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has voted for this motion The Journals
show that in one of the votes connected with the
passage ot the " bloody bill," as it is called, he
voted foi it. They also show that on the cele-
brated resolutions concerning the removal of the
public deposits and the recharter of the United
States Bank, in 1634, he voted for the previous
question. The Journal of this session shows
him voting for that question on the pension bill,
which was very little discussed. This motion i«
now often made by his own fnends. It was de-
manded the other day by the gentleman fi om Ala-
bama, [Mr Lewis,] who very pertinently re-
marked to his friends that it was not their speeches
but their votes that he wanted. If it is wiong to
vote for this question, the gentleman and his asso-
ciates are as guilty as others. If it is right, I
really hope he will cease his complaints concern- ,
ing it.
The gentleman complains that there has been
no opportunity for political discussion this ses-
sion.    This is a strange complaint to come fiom
that quarter.    To give other members, all of
whom have the same right to claim that ht has
the sime time on political discussion which he
has taken on two bills tins session, would re-
quire a session of about three years     On the 9th
of February, when  the Navy appropriation bill
came up, he moved to reduce the appropriations,
I believe, one half, and opened a political discus-
sion on it, which terminated the 7th of April.
The gentleman  then occupied  the time of the
House about four days.   In the end, on a motion
in the same words as his own, although sitting
in the House, he was silent and did not vote for
it.    But six voted for that reduction     Why he
made a motion that he did not vote for, I cannot
say.    If the motion was made with the view of
having it prevail, I should have expected him to I
have voted for it, but if merely to allow him a
chance at political d scussion, which he actually
enjoyed,thentlnscomplaintisgroundless   When
this bill came up, he made a motion tostnke out
the enacting clause, and followed up his motion
by a six hours speech, entirely political, relating
to almost everything but the question before the
House, and at the end of it withdrew his motion.
This is a practical commentary upon his com-
plaints.    The country will decide whether Pres-
ident-making is the business which they send us
here to transact, to the neglect of all other busi-
ness, and whether he has had a sufficient oppor-
tunity at it.  The gentleman, though hard pressed
for time for political discussion, has nevertheless
found enough to enable him to visit New York,
to study her institutions, and  particularly her
politics.    His discoveries are important, and de-
serve to  be  recorded, to  show  his  good will
towards us.    He has compared my fellow-citi-
zens to the ruthless savages, who, by deeds of
I  blood and violence, were a teiror to all who sur-
round them.    I envy not the feelings of a states-
man who allows himself to make such compari-
sons of a virtuous and good people.    My native
State manages her affairs in a manner satistac-
tory to herself and consistent with her prosperity,
and the shaft of envy, by whatever arm it may
be hurled, will fall harmless at her feet     She
neither offers nor receives dictation, and if he is
really a State-rights man, we shall expect he will
allow us the privilege, which other States enjoy,
of managing our own affairs in our own way.
We will not quarrel with Tennessee, because
about a dozen of her members  of  Congress,
through a caucus, attempted to bring out a pres-
idential candidate; and I hope he will allow us
the privilege of selecting candidates in our own
way, by conventions of the people, as has been
he custom of both parties for many years.
In connection with this subject, he spoke of a
system of rewards and punishments, and that it
extended to the operations of the Federal Govern-
W"U"."W,',3"aS 'it'was "in my mdgment, by    ment.    He told us partisans were rewarded or
Z,toí™, iffí¡. S «rp^riy be objioed 10.   tt« *> E«8l d, (M,. S«-.,) to Mr.Tm.y.
Mr  Barbour, the Speiker, and others, to illus-
trate and pi ove his position      If he intends to
convey the  idea that eitliei   of these gentlemen
have abandoned then íepublican  principle s, or
acted contiaiy to thtir own sense of public duty,
at the bidding of any one, I take issue with him,
and challenge his pioofs    The Piesidert, as well
as a majouty of this House, has selected able and
competent fuends foi high stations, instead of
opponents     In this, the Piesidcnt followed the
course of Mr Jelfe i son, and our other Pi csidents
The gentleman selects from his friends, and lssup-
poited by his fnends     But why does he refer to
the Speaker as having received his íewaid !    He
has, with great energy and success, sustained the
present Administration, and continues steady in
its support    Is there anything vviong in this'  In
the last Congress the gentleman geneially voted
with him, but with whom does he now vote '  The
Journals show the House divided now as it was
then, except the gentleman and some of his col-
leagues are found voting with the milliners, fed-
eralists, and bank men, all of whom aie,and have
been, the President's ardent and bitter opponents
In selecting a Speakei, the majority gave  the
known friend of the President a preftience over
one who was supported by his opponents, and
one whose friendship wasjustly doubted    If this
is a reward, it is the reward of merit, honestly
and intelligently bestowed     But how stands his
own case >   He was once made Speaker by oppo-
sition votes, and was the candidate of that party
this session.    Was there anyrcicaii/, actual oi
attempted, on either of these occasions >    Does
he not see that his charge may be íeturned upon
himself    If one, continuing with his fnends, re-
ceives a mark of distinguished consideration from
them, and it is called a reuaid, what term shall
we apply to one, when asimilar favoi is shown
or attempted, when he changes sides?
The gentleman  exclaims vehemently against
those in power, his indictment is general, embrac-
ing all who differ with him in opinion, but is
always without specifications     Will he ever spe-
cify the wrongs, and the criminals, so that the
latter may be arraigned, tried, convicted and pun-
ished '  Duty requncs specific exposures, if he is
apprised of these alleged wrongs.    He who con-
ceals a crime known to him, has a heavy íespons-
lbility on his shoulders    The gentleman has told
us that the power of the Executive in this House
controlled  the  majority     This is  the charge,
stripped of all verbiage. Many of his friends have
sought to establish it.   If it is true, th is charge is a
serious one, deserving high consideration. If such
influence is exercised to piomote laudable pur-
poses, he of course will not object to the end, but
deprecate the means only.    If it is exercised for
bad purposes, he ought to complain, and duty
requires him to expose it.    He will perceive that
he makes aseuous charge, not only against the
President, but against the members of this House
Is he prepared to sustain it'  If so, I hope he will
give us his proof.   He has also told us in another
part of the speech, that the President and his
party were against the election of President and
Vice President coming into this House     He in-
formed us that this was an effort to gull the peo-
ple, and then gravely inquired ¡f the Represent-
atives of the people were not to be trusted with
the power conferred on them by the Constitution?
Now, it is quite certain, if the President has and
can exercise the alarming and tremendous power
over this House which he has described to us,
then they are not to be trusted     He told us the
President was attempting to appoint a successor.
If the election comes into the House, and he de-
sires thus to appoint, then, on the gentleman s
own gronnd, he will be certain to do it, and the
people should guard against the possibility of his
exercising this power.   It is very certain that the
Presidenteither has not the power over the House
which he ascribes to him, or the House is not to
be trusted, and I leave the gentleman to reconcile
his different positions.    If the President has this
power, and wishes to appoint a successor, I can-
not perceive how the gentleman can be willing to
trust the election to this House, nor how the
President and his friends can object to its coming
into the House, if it is certain that the former has
and exercises the influence here which the gen-
tleman ascribes to him.
