644
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
If I can understand another of his charges, he
alleges that one of the reasons why large appro-
priations are sought to be made is, to increase the
patronage of the General Government, so that it
can control the elections. The President, in veto-
in? the Maysville road bill, the bill to recharter
the United States Bank, and other bills, desired
to limit Executive patronage. You, sir, and
every person who has held an executive station,
must know that the dispensation of patronage is
the most troublesome of all Executive duties. I
will ask the gentleman if the President has changed
his views on this subject since he gave those ve-
toes? If he has changed his'opinions, I ask for
the proof. He often entertains us with an account
of the alarming numbers of officeholders; and on
one occasion, by including among them the pen-
sioners, swelled their numbers to sixty thousand.
Whether the war-worn soldier is an officer or not,
I leave others to decide. They were enumerated
to swell the number of those whom he alleges
conform their acts to the Executive will. If he
really feared that the Executive would abuse his
trust in this respect, how did it happen that the
other day he voted for a pension bill, which is
likely to add thousands to the list, extending the
system beyond all former precedent? Yes, sir,
he not only voted for that bill, but when the dis-
cussion had hardly commenced, voted for the
previous question on it. Why did he vote for the
previous question ? Was it to save time ? If so,
why, a week afterwards, at the heel of the ses-
sion, did he speak six hours on this bill, and
then withdraw his motion at the end of his
speech ?
My colleague, [Mr. Vavderpoel,] on a former
occasion,commented upon the gentleman's course
in not raising his voice in defense of the Presi-
dent for removing the deposita. He assigned, in
reply, this extraordinary reason, that he knew too
much of the secret springs which produced that meas- \
ure. The meaning of this is, that there was
something wrong and censurable at the bottom
of this measure, which he knew and condemned,
and we may infer the public would have done so,
if it had known it. I ask why, if there was any-
thing wrong known to him, he did not disclose
it? As an honest and fearless Representative, it
was his duty to have done so; but if there was
nothing wrong, why assign such a reason for his
silence? He has either assigned a bad, incorrect,
and useless reason, or he has neglected his duty
to the public in not apprising others of the reason
which operated upon him, and which might have
changed their views, and the decision of that sub-
ject. In one part of his speech, he told us that ,
the President was a high-minded, honorable, in-
dependent man; in another he informed us that
he had violated his pledges, by interfering in the
freedom of elections, and was ruled by bad, dis-
honest men. If the President is honest, then he
has not violated his pledges; and if he is inde-
pendent, then he is not controlled by others. I
will thank him to inform us which of these posi-
tions are to be relied upon as correct? He further
told us that although the President and his friends
were committed against the old United States
Bank, they were not as to a new one. This is a
strange declaration, to proceed from that gentle-
man. The President is known to be opposed to
all chartered monopolies. This is the leading
opinion among the friends of the Administration
in this House. No friend of republican princi-
ples and equal rights will ever vote for another
United States Bank. Those who have read the
gentleman's published speech on the subject of
the recharter, will, however, be surprised that he
should deem it censurable to vote for a United
States Bank.
The gentleman has talked much of the acts and
professions of the President and his friends, by
which the people were "gulled." He told us
that when it was objected to the election of Pres-
ident coming into the House of Representatives,
it was an effort to " gull the people." I under-
stand it to be the settled opinion of the Democ-
racy of this country that an election ought never
to come into the House. But let us look back to
1824. What then was the almost united voice
of Tennessee ? What said the gentleman and his
friends on this subject then ? Was there then an'
attempt to gull the people.' General Jackson the 
had a large plurality of the votes of the people,
but was defeated in the House. His friends cried
out bribery and corruption,and the House-Pres-
ident and his associates were expelled from power,
and the people's President came into office. The
gentleman will hardly admit that General Jack-
son's friends were then gulling the people. Have
principles changed or has the gentleman changed?
He has led us to Greece and Rome to witness the
operations of tyranny. He has held up to our
view Cromwell kicking Parliament out of doors,
and Napoleon ruling France at his discretion,
and then warned us against the encroachments
of Executive power. Comparing the President
with tyranny is a new way of demonstrating
friendship. It will require something beyond the
force of comparison either to make the President
a tyrant, or cause the people to believe him one.
If the gentleman still insists that he is a friend
of the President, why make these allusions and
comparisons? If an opponent, will he admit it?
Why has he changed ?
In a subsequent part of his speech the gentle-
man told us that the President and his friends
professed to be in favor of a gold and silver cur-
rency, which, on a former occasion, the gentle-
man called the "gold and silver humbug," and
remarked that this was another effort to gull the
people. He also remarked, that success in such
efforts seemed to depend upon the boldness with
which they were made. I know that the Presi-
dent and the great body of his friends are in favor
of a constitutional currency; one which possesses
intrinsic and uniform value in all parts of the
world; one which gives the mammoth speculators
no preference over the rest of the community, and
one which is opposed to those monopolies which
are injurious to the true interests of the people.
If it is wrong to entertain such constitutional
opinions, and publish them boldly, then indeed
he and they are guilty. That gentleman, I pre-
sume, has great confidence in this matter of bold-
ness and apparent confidence, and from his free
use of them, one might conclude that with him
much depended upon them; for no one has ever
exceeded him in bold and confident assertion. It
seems to be one of the great weapons which he
uses on nearly all occasions. I might pursue the
gentleman throughout several of his speeches,
and show that many of his positions concerning
the President have little but this boldness of asser-
tion to sustain them; but, as my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Garland] suggests, the President does
not need defense from these oft repulsed attacks.
I am conscious that the arrows from the gentle-
man's quiver will fall harmless at the President's
feet. The nation will protect his honor with the
same sacred honesty of purpose as he protected
New Orleans and now protects the Constitution.
I will leave to time the recording his deeds of
valor, and to dispel any clouds that may be at-
tempted to be raised to obscure or destroy his
fame, whether they are the work of pretended
friends or real enemies.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. C. CALHOUN,
OF   SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the Senate, May 28, 1836,
On the Bill to regulate the Deposits of Public Money.
Mr. CALHOUN said: This bill, which the
Senator from New York proposes to strike out
in order to substitute his amendment, is no stranger
to this body. It was reported at the last session
by the select committee on executive patronage,
and passed the Senate, after a full and deliberate
investigation, by a mixed vote of all parties, of
20 to 12. As strong as is this presumptive
evidence in its favor, I would, notwithstanding,
readily surrender the bill, and adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York, if 1 did
not sincerely believe that it was liable to strong
and decisive objections. I seek no lead On this
important subject; my sole aim is to aid in
applying a remedy to what I honestly believe to
be a deep and dangerous disease of the body-
politic; and I stand prepared to cooperate with
any one, be he of what party he may, who may
propose a remedy, provided it shall promise to
be safe and efficient. I, in particular, am de-
sirous of cooperating with the Senator from New
York, not only because I desire the aid of his
distinguished talents, but, still more,ofhis decisive
influence with the powerful party of which he is
so distinguished a member, and which now, for
good or evil, holds the destiny of the country in
its hands. It was in this spirit that I examined
the amendment proposed by the Senator; and, I
regret to say, after a full investigation, I cannot
acquiesce in it, as I feel a deep conviction that it
will be neither safe nor efficient. So far from
being substantially the same as the bill, as stated
by the Senator, I cannot but regard it as essen-
tially different, both as to objects and means.
The objects of the bill are, first, to secure the
public interest, as far as it is connected with the
deposits, and, next, to protect the banks in which
they are made against the influence and control
of the executive branch of this Government, with
the view both to theirs and the public interest.
Compared with the bill, in respect to both, the
proposed amendment will be found to favor the
banks against the people, and the Executive
against the banks. I do not desire the Senate to
form their opinion on my authority. I wish
them to examine for themselves: and in order to
aid them in the examination, I shall now proceed
to state and briefly illustrate the several points
of difference between the bill and the proposed
amendment, taking them in the order in which
they stand in the bill.
The first section of the bill provides that the
banks shall pay at the rate of two per cent, per
annum on the deposits for the use of the public
money. This provision is entirely omitted in
the amendment, which proposes to give to the
banks the use of the money without interest.
That the banks ought to pay something for the
use of the public money, all must agree, what-
ever diversity of opinion there may be as to the
amount. According to the last return of the
Treasury Department, there was, on the 1st of
this month, $45,000,000 of public money in the
thirty-six depository banks, which they are at
liberty to use as their own, for discount or busi-
ness, till drawn out for disbursements—an event
that may not happen for years. In a word, this
vast amount is so much additional banking cap-
ital, making the same, or nearly the same, profit
to those institutions in their permanent chartered
capital, without rendering any other service to
the public than paying away from time to time
the portion that might be required for the service
of the Government. Assuming that the banks
realize a profit of six per cent, on these deposits,
(it cannot be estimated at less,) it would give, on
the present amount, nearly three millions of dol-
lars per annum, and, on the probable average
Fiublic deposits of the year, upwards of two trill-
ions of dollars, which enormous profit is derived
from the public by comparatively few individuals,
without any return or charge, except the incon-
siderable service of paying out the drafts of the
Treasury when presented. But it is due to the
Senator to acknowledge that his amendment is
predicated on the supposition that some disposi-
tion must be made of the surplus revenue, which
would leave in the banks a sum not greater than
would be requisite to meet the current expend-
iture, asupposition which necessarily mustaffect,
very materially affect, the decision of the ques-
tion of the amount of compensation the bank
ought to make the public for the use of its funds;
but let the disposition be what it may, the omis-
sion of the amendment of any compensation what-
ever is, in my opinion, wholly indispensable.
The next point of difference relates to transfer
warrants. The bill prohibits the use of transfer
warrants, except with a view to disbursement;
while the amendment leaves them without regu-
lation, under the sole control of the Treasury
Department. To understand the importance of
this difference, it must be borne in mind that the
transfer warrants are the lever by which the
whole banking operations of the country may be
controlled through the deposits. By them the
public money may be transferred from one bank
to another, or from one State or section of the
country to another State or section, and thus one
bank may be elevated, and another depressed,
