646
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
as proposed by the Senatoi '  oi,  if not, whit
other disposition shall be made ofit?—questions, '
the nrvt ¡>tigation of which necessmly embiaces ¡
the tntnt circle of oui policy, and on the decision j
ot winch the future destiny of the countiy may
dtpend.
But before we enter on the discussion of this
important question, it will be proper to ascertain
what will be the probable available means of the
year, in order that some conception may be
loimed of the probable surplus which may re-
main, by comparing it with the appropriations
that ma)r be authorized.
Accoiding to the late íeport of the Secretary
of theTreasury,there wasdeposited in the several
banks little upwaids of $33,000,000 at the term-
ination of the fust quarter of the year, not in-
cluding the sum of about $3,000,000 deposited by
the disbursing agents of the Government. The
same report stated the receipts of the quarter at
about $11,000,000, of which lands and customs
yielded nearly an equal amount. Assuming for
the three lemaining quarters an equal amount, it
•would give for the entire receipts of the year
$44,000,000. I agree with the Senator, that this
sum is too large. The customs will probably
average an amount throughout the year corre-
sponding with the receipts of the first quarter;
but there probably will be a considerable falling
off in the receipts from the public lands. Assuming
$7,000,000 as the probable amount, which I pre-
sume will be ample, the receipts of the year,
subtracting that sum from $44,000,000, will be
$37,000,000, and subtracting from that $11,000,-
000, the receipts of the first quarter, would leave
$26,000,000 as the probable receipts of the last
three quarters Add to this sum $33,000,000, the
amount in the Treasury on the last day of the
first quarter, and it gives $59,000,000. To this
add the amount of stock in the United States
Bank, which at the market price is worth at least
$7,000,000, and we have $66,000,000, which I
consider at the least amount at which the proba-
ble available means of the year can be fairly esti-
mated. It will pi obably very considerably exceed
this amount. The range may be put down at be- l
tween $66,000,000 and $73,000,000, which may
be considered as the two extremes between which
the means of the year may vibrate. But in order
to be safe, I have assumed the least of the two.
The first question which I propose to consider
is, shall this sum be expended by the Govern- ,
ment in the course of the year' A sum nearly ¡
equal to the entire debt of the war of the Revo-
lution, by which the liberty and independence of )
these States were established; more than five
times greater than the expenditure of the Go vern-
mentat the commencement of the present Admin-
istration, deducting the payments on account of
the public debt, and more than four times greater
than the average annual expenditure of the pies- I
ent Administration, making the same deduction, ¡
extravagantasitsexpenditurehasbeen. The very
magnitude of the sum decides the question against
expenditure It may be wasted, thrown away,
but it cannot be expended There are not ob-
jects on which to expend it; foi proof of which
1 appeal to the appiopnations already made and
contemplated. We have passed the Navy appro-
priations, which, as liberal as they are admitted
to be on all si des, are raised only about $2,000,000,
compared with the appropriations of the last
year. The appropriations for fortifications, sup-
posing the bills now pending should pass, will
amount to about $3,500,000, and would exceed
the ordinary appropnations, assuming them at
$1,000,000, which I hold to be ample, by
$2,500,000. Add a million for ordnance, seven
or eight for Indian treaties, and four for Indian
wars, and supposing the companies of the regu-
lar Army to be filled as recommended by the War
Department, the aggregate amount, including the
ordinary expenditures, would be between thirty
and thirty-five millions, and would leave a bal-
ance of at least $30,000,000 in the Treasury at
the end of the year.
But suppose objects could be devised on which
to expend the whole of the available means of the
year, it would still be impossible to make the
expenditure, without immense waste and confu-
sion. To expend so large an amount regularly
and methodically, would require a vast increase
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun.
of able and expenenced disbursing officers, and
a gnat enlaigement of the organization of the
Government in all the blanches connected with
disbuisements To effect such an enlaigement,
and to give a suitable organization, placed undei
the contiol of skillful and efficient officers, must
necessarily be a work of time; but, without it, so
sudden and great an increase of expenditure
would necessarily be followed by inextricable
confusion and heavy losses.
But suppose this difficulty overcome, and suit-
able objects could be devised, would it be advis-
able to make the expenditure' Would it be wise
to draw so vast an amount of productive labor,
to be employed in unproductive objects, in build-
ing fortifications—dead walls, and in lining the
intenoi frontierwithalarge military force, neither
of which would add a ccntto the productive power
of the country'
The ordinary expenditure of the Government,
under the present Administration, may be esti-
mated, say, at $18,000,000, a sum exceeding by
five or six millions, what,in my opinion, is suffi-
cient for a just and efficient administration of the
Government. Taking eighteen from sixty-six,
would leave $48,000,000 as the surplus, if the
affairs of the Government had been so admin-
istered as to avoid the heavy expenditures of the
year, which, I firmly believe, with eaily and pru-
dent counsel might have been effected. The ex-
penditure of this sum, estimating labor at twenty
dollars a month, would require two hundred thou-
sand operatives, equal to one third of the whole
number of laborers employed in producing the
great staple of our country, which is spreading
wealth and prosperity over the land, and con-
trolling, in a great measure, the commeice and
manufactures of the world. But take what will
be the actual surplus, and estimate that at half
the sum, which, with prudence and economy, it
might have been, and it would require the sub-
traction of one hundred thousand operatives from
their present useful employment, to be employed
1 in the unproductive service of the Government
Would it, I again repeat, be wise to draw off this
I immense mass of productive labor in older to
' employ it in building fortifications, and swelling
the mihtaiv establishment of thecountry ' Would
I it add to the strength of the Union, or give m-
' creased security to its liberty, or accelerate its
prosperity'—the great objects for which the Gov-
ernment was constituted
To ascertain how the strength of any country
may be best developed, its peculiar state and con-
dition must be taken into consideration. Looking
to ours with this view, who can doubt that, next
to our fiee institutions, the main source of our
growing greatness and power is to be found in
our gieat and astonishing increase of numbers,
wealth, and facility of intercourse ' If we desired
to see our country powerful, we ought to avoid
I any measure opposed to their development, and,
in particular, ought to make the smallest possible
I draft, consistent with our peace and security, on
the productive powers of the countiy.    Let these
I have the freest possible play. Leave the resources
of individuals under their own direction, to be
employed in advancing theirs and their country's
wealth and prosperity, with the extraction of the
least amount íequired for the expenditure of the
Government; and draw off not a single laborer
from their present productive pursuits to the un-
productive employment of the Government, ex-
cepting such as the public service may render
indispensable. Who can doubt that such a policy
would add infinitely more to the power and
strength of the country than the extravagant
scheme of spending millions on fortifications and
the increase of the military establishment'
Let us next examine how the liberty of the
country may be affected by the scheme of dis-
osing of the surplus by disbursements; and here
would ask, is the liberty of the country at
present in a secure and stable condition ' and if
not, by what is it endangered' and will an in-
crease of disbursements augment or diminish the
danger >
Whatever may be the diversity of opinion upon
other points, there is not an intelligent individual
of any party, who regards his reputation, that
will venture to deny that the liberty of the coun-
try is at this time more insecure and unstable, than
Senate.
it ever has been We all know that there is, in
eveiy portion of the Union, and with evei y party,
a deep feeling that our political institutions aie
undeigoing a great and hazardous change Nor
is the feeling much less stro.is;, that the vast in
crease of the patronage and influence of the Gov-
ernment aie the cause of the great and feaiful
change which is so extensively affecting the char-
acter of our people and institutions The effect
of increasing the expenditures at this time, so as
to absorb the suiplus, would be to double the
numbei of thee who live, or expect to live, by
the Government, and in the same degree augment
its pationage and influence, and acceleiate that
downward course, which, if not arres'ed, must
speedily tei mínate in the overthrow of our free
institutions
These views I hold to be decisive against the
wi'd attempt to absorb the immense means of the
Government by the expenditures of the year In
fact, with the exception of a ft.w individuals, all
seem to íegard the scheme either as impracticable
or unsafe, but there are others who, while they
condemn the attempt of disposing of the surplus
by immediate expenditures, believe it can be safely
and expediently expended, in a period of four or
five years, on what they choose to call the de-
fenses of the country.
In order to determine how far this opinion is
correct, it will be necessary first to ascertain what
will be the available means of the next four or
five years; by comparing which with what ought
to be the expendituie, we may determine whether
the plan would or would not be expedient. In
making the calculation, I will take the term of
five years, including the present, and which of
course will comprehend 1840; after the termina-
tion of which, the duties above twenty per cent,
are to go off, by the provisions of the compromise
act, in eighteen months, when the levenue is to
be reduced to the economical and just wants of
the Government.
The available means of the present year, as 1
have airead y shown, will equal atleast$G6,000,O0O.
That of the next succeeding four years (including
1840) may be assumed to be $21,000,000 annually.
The reason for this assumption may be seen in
the report of the select committee it the last ses-
sion, which I have reviewed, and in the correct-
ness of which I feel increased confidence. The
amount may fall short, but will certainly not
exceed the estimate in the report, unless some
unforeseen event should occur. Assuming, then,
$21,000,000 as the average receipts of the next
four yeais, it will give an aggregate of $84,000,000,
which, added to the available means of this year,
will give $150,000,000 as the sum that will be
at the disposal of the Government for the period
assumed. Divide the sum by five, the number
of years, and it will give $30,000,000 as the
average annual available means of the period.
The next question for consideration is, will it
be expedient to raise the disbursement during the
period to an average expenditure of $30,000,000
annually' The fiistand strong objection to the
scheme is, that it would leave in the deposit
banks a heavy surplus during the greater part of
the time, beginning with a surplus of upwards
of thirty millions at the commencement of next
year, and decreasing at the rate of eight or nine
millions a year, till the termination of the period.
But, passing this objection by, I meet the ques-
tion directly. It would be highly inexpedient
and dangerous to attempt to keep up the dis-
bursements at so high a rate. I ask, on what
shall this money be expended' Shall it be ex-
pended by a great increase of the military estab-
lishment' byan enlargementof the appropriations
for fortifications, ordnance, and the Navy, far
beyond what is proposed for the present year?
Have those who advocate the scheme reflected to
what extent this enlargement must be carried to
absorb so great a sum  Even this year, with the
extraordinary expenditures upon Indian treaties
and Indian wars, and with profuse expenditure
in eveiy other branch of service, the aggregate
amount of appropriations will not greatly exceed
thirty millions of dollars, and that of disburse-
ments will not probably equal that sum. To
what extent, then, must the appropriations for
the Army, the Navy, the fortifications, and the
like, be earned, in order to absorb that sum,
