1836.]                                    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
especially with a declining expenditure in several
branches of service, particulailv in the pensions,
which, during the period, will fall off more than
a million of dollars' But, in order to take a full
\ievv of ihe folly and danger of the scheme, it
will be necessary to extend our view beyond
iStí, in order to form some opinion of what will
be the income of the Government when the tariff
shall be so reduced under the compromise act ,
that no duty shall exceed twenty per rent, ad
raioien. I know that any estimate made at this
time cannot be considered much more than con-
jectural, but still it would be imprudent to adopt 1
a system of expenditure note, without taking
into consideration the probable state of the rev- |
enue a few years hence.                                            '
After bestowing due reflection on the subject,
I am of the impression that the income from the
imposts,after the period in question, will not ex-
cetd ten million dollars.  It will probably Fall be-   |
low, rather than rise above that sum.    I assume
as the basis of this estimate, that our consump-
tion of foreign articles will not then exceed one
hundred and fifty million dollars.   We all know
that the capacity of the country to consume de-
pends upon the value of its domestic exports and
the profits of its commerce and navigation.    Of   I
its domestic exports it would not be safe to assume
anv considerable increase in any article except
cotton.   To what extent the production and con-
sumption of this great staple, which puts in mo-
tion so vast an amount of the industry and com-
merce of the world, may be increased between
now and 1642, is difficult to conjecture; but I
deem it unsate to suppose that it can be so m-
cieased as to extend the capacity of the country
to consume beyond  the limits I have assigned.
Assuming, then, the amount which I have, and
dividing the imports into free and dutiable arti-
cles, the latter, according to the existing propor-
tion between the two descriptions, wonkt amount
in value to something less than seventy million
dollars.    According to the compromise act, no
duty, after the period in question, can exceed
twenty per cent., and the rates would range from
that down to five or six per cent.   Taking fifteen
per cent, as the average, which would be proba-
bly full high, and allowing for the expenses of
collection, the net income would be something less
than ten million dollars.
The income from public lands is still more con-
jectural than that fiom customs. There are so
many and such various causes in operation affect-
ing this source of the public income, that it is
exceedingly difficult to form even a conjectural
estimate as to itsamount beyond the current year.
But in the midst of this uncertainty one fact may
be safely assumed, that the purchases during the
last year, and thus far this, greatly exceed the
steady progressive demand for public lands, from
increased population, and the consequent emigra-
tion to the new States and Territories. Much of
the purchases have been unquestionably made
upon speculation, with a view to resales, and
must, of course, come into market hereafter in
competition with the lands of the Government,
and to that extent must reduce the income from
their sales. Estimating even the demand for
public lands from what it was previous to the
recent large sales, and taking into estimate the
increased population and wealth of the country,
1 do not consider it safe to assume more than
45,000,000 annually from this branch of the rev-
enue, which, added to the customs, would give
for the annual receipts between fourteen and fif-
teen million dollars after 1842.
I now ask whether it would be prudent to raise
the public expenditure to the sum of $30,000,000
annually, during the intermediate period, with the
prospect that they must be suddenly reduced to
half of that amount > Who does not see the fierce
conflict which must follow between those who
may be interested in keeping up the expenditures
and those who have an equal interest against an
increase of the duties as the means of keeping
them up' I appeal to the Senators from the South,
whose constituents have so deep an interest in
low duties, to resist a course so impolitic, unwise,
and extravagant, and which, if adopted, might
again renew the tariff, so recently thrown off by
such hazardous and strenuous efforts, with all its
oppression and disaster.   Let us remember what
occurred in the fatal session of '28.   With a folly j
unparalleled, Congiess then raised the duties to a
rate so enormous as toaveiageone half the value
of the imposts, when on the eve of discharging
the debt, and when, of course, there would be no
objects on which the immense income from such
extravagant duties could be ]ustly and constitu-
tionally expended.    It is amazing that there was
such blindness then as not to see what has since
followed—the sudden discharge of the debt, and
an overflowing Treasuiy, without the means of
absorbing the surplus; the violent conflict result-
ing from such a state of things, and the vast in-
crease of the power and patronage of the Govern-
ment, with all its corrupting consequences     We
are now about, I fear, to commit an error of a
different character; to raise the expenditure far
beyond all example in time of peace, and, with a
decreasing revenue, which must, with equal cer-
tainty, bring on another conflict not much less
dangerous, in which the struggle will not be to
find objects to absorb an overflowing Treasury,
but to devise means to continue an expenditure
far beyond the just and legitimate wants of the
country.   It is easy to foresee that, if we are thus
blindly to go on in the management of our affairs,
I without regard to the future, the frequent and vio-
lent concussions, which must follow from such
folly, cannot but end in a catastrophe that will
engulf our political institutions.
With such decided objections to the dangerous
and extravagant scheme of absorbing the surplus
| by disbursements, I proceed to the next ques-
tion.    Shall the public money remain where it
now is >   Shall the present extraordinary state
of things, without example or paiallel, continue,
of a Government calling itself free, extracting
from the people millions beyond what it can ex-
pend, and placing the vast sum in the custody of
a few monopolizing corporations, selected at the
sole will of the Executive, and continued during
his pleasure, to be used as their own, from the
time it is collected until it is disbursed >   To this
question there must burst from the lips of every
man who loves his country and its institutions,
and who is the enemy of monopoly, injustice,
and oppression, an indignant no.    And here let
me express the pleasure I feel that the Senator
from New York, in moving his amendment, how-
ever objectionable his scheme, has placed himself
in opposition to the continuance of the present
unheard-of and dangerous state of things; and I
add, as a simple act of justice, that the tone and
temper of his remarks in support of his amend-
ment were characterized by a courtesy and liber-
ality which  I, on my part, shall endeavor to
imitate.    But I fear, notwithstanding this favor-
able indication in so influential a quarter, the
very magnitude of the evil (too great to be con-
cealed) will but serve to perpetuate it     So great
and various aie the interests enlisted in its favor,
that I greatly fear that all the efforts of the wise
and patriotic to arrest it will proveunavuilwg.   At
the head of these stand the  depository banks
themselves, with their numerous  stockholders
and officers; with their $40,000,000 of capital and
an equal amount of public deposits associated
into one great combination, extending over the
whole Union, under the influence and control of
the Treasury Department.   The whole weight
of this mighty combination, so deeply interested
in the continuance of the present state of things,
is opposed to any change.    To this powerful
combination must be added the numerous and
influential  body who are  dependent  on those
banks to meet then engagements, and who, what-
ever may be their political opinions, must be
alarmed at any change which may limit their
discounts and accommodation.   Then come the
stock-jobbers, a growing and formidable class,
who live by raising and depressing stocks, and
who behold in the present state of things the
most favorable opportunity of carrying on their
dangerous and corrupting pursuits     With the
control which the Secretary of the Treasury has
over the banks of deposit, through transfer war-
rants, with the powerof withdrawing the deposits
at pleasure, he may, whenever he chooses, raise
and depress the stock of any bank; and, if dis-
posed to use this tremendous power for corrupt
purposes, may make the fortunes of the initiated,
and overwhelm in sudden ruin those not in the
secret. To the stock-jobbers must be added spec-
ulators of eveiy hue and foim, and, in paiticular,
the speculators in public lands, who, by the use
of the public funds, are íapidly divesting the
people of the noble patinnony lett by our ances-
tors in the public domain, by giving in exchange
what may in the end prove to be bioken riedit
and worthless lags. To these we must add the
artful and ciafty politicians who wield tins mighty
combination of interests foi pohti al puipo>es.
I am anxious to avoid mingling p rty pontics in
this discussion; and that 1 may not even seem to
do so, I shall not attempt to p\liioit, in all its
details, the feaiful and, I was about to add, the
ovei whelming power which the present state of
things places in the hands of those who have
control of the Government, and which, if it be
not wieldpd to overthrow our institutions and
destroy all responsibility, must be attnbuted to
their want of inclination, and not to their want
; of means.
Such is the power and influence interested to
' continue the public money where it is now depos-
ited. To these theie are opposed the honest, vir-
I tuous, and patriotic of every party, who b( hold
in the continuance of the piesent state of things
almost certain convulsion and overthrow of our
liberty. There would be found on the same side
the great mass of the industrious and laboring
portion of the community, whose haid earnings
aie extracted fiom them without their knowledge,
were it not that what is improperly taken fiom
them is successfully used as the means of deceiv-
ing and controlling them. If such was not the
case, if those who make could see how those who
profit aie enriched at their expense, the present
state of things would not be endured for a mo-
ment; but as it is I fear that, fiom misconception
and consequent want of union and cooperation,
things may continue as they are, till it will be too
late to apply a remedy. I trust, howevei, that
such will not be the fact; that the people will be
roused from their false security, and that Con-
gress will refuse to adjourn till an efficientremedy
is applied In this hope I lecur to the inquiry,
what shall that remedy be> Shall we adopt the
measure recommended by the Senator fiom New
Yoik which, as has been stated, proposes to
authorize the commissioners of the sinking fund
to ascertain the probable income of each quarter,
and if there should be a probable excess above
five million dollars, to vest the surplus in the pur-
chase of State stocks; but if there should be a
deficiency, to sell so much of the stock previously
purchased as would make up the difference.
I regret that the Senator has not furnished a
statement of facts sufficiently full to enable us to
form an opinion of what will be the practical oper-
ation of his scheme. He has omitted, for in-
stance, To state what is the aggregate amount of
stocks issued by the seveial States—a fact indis-
pensable in orde  to ascertain how the price of
the stocks would be affected by the application of
the sin plus to their purchase. All who are in
the least familiar with subjects of this kind must
knowthat the puce of stock uses pioportionably
with the amount of the sum applied to their pur-
chase. I have already shown that the probable
surplus at the end of"this year, notwithstanding
the extravagance of the appropriations, will be
between thirty and thnty-five millions, and before
we can decide understanding^ whether this great
sum can with propriety be applied as the Senator
proposes, we should know whether the amount
of State stocks be sufficient to absorb it without
raising their price extravagantly high.
The Senator should also have informed us, not
only as to the amount of the stock, but how it is
distnbuted among the States, in order to enable
us to determine whether his scheme would oper-
ate equally between them. In the absence of
correct information on both of these points, we
are compelled to use such as we may possess,
however defective and uncertain,in orderto make
up our mind on his amendment.
We all know, then, that while several of the
States have no stocks, and many a very inconsid-
erable amount, three of the largest States, Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, and New York, have a very large
amount, not less in the aggregate, if I am cor-
rectly informed, than thirty-five or forty millions.
I What amount is held by the rest of the States ia
