652
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[April 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
If we can thus be induced to abandon our rights,
•well may they laugh at us for oui folly.
Another objection of a similar character is the
apprehension that their respective quotas, if re-
ceived by the States, may supersede the necessity
of laving taxes, and consequently release the
local Legtslatuies from their íesponsibihty. This
is certainly a gnat refinement. A State entitled
to a sum of money sufficient to relieve its citizens
for years trom burdensome taxation, is to sui-
render it, and insist upon being taxed by their
Legislature without necessity, for fear of releas-
ing" them ftom íesponsibihty.
"in stating his objections to the land bill, the
President describes it as assuming a new princi-
ple. "Its object," he says, " is not to return to
the people an unavoidable surplus of revenue paid
in by them, but to create a surplus for distubu-
tion among the States " Such a system is justly
denounced. But the objection does not apply to
the measure now contemplated—the Piesident
recognizes the propriety of distributing an " un-
avoidable surplus." " However willing I might
be," he says, *' that any unavoidable surplus in
the Treasury should be returned to the people
through their State governments, I cannot assent
that a surplus may be created for the purpose of
distribution." But now this "unavoidable sur-
plus" is upon us. We are not proposing to raise
money for distribution; it is actually in the Treas-
ury to our great annoyance, and must continue
to flow for six years to come. Nothing remains
to be done, consistently with the views of the
President himself, but to divide what we cannot
avoid receiving, and what should not be permitted
to accumulate, or be wastefully expended.
It is in vain to speak of the absurdity of raising
money from the people, and then dividing among
them the amount reduced by the expense of col-
lection and distribution. It is already unavoid-
ablycollected. If it were reduced to seven eighths,
or even less, by expenses or otherwise, they
should no more object to such deductions than a
private proprietor should refuse the proceeds of
his property, because a part had been deducted
for the expense of selling it. They must take
the seven eighths, m that case, or surrenHer the
whole
Mr R. said he could not but apprehend that
the Administration had other views of the dis-
position of the public lands than those of dividing
them, or distributing the proceeds proportionably
among the States. As far back as December,
1832, the President speaks of them as having been
ceded to the United States " for the purposes of
general harmony, and as a fund to meet the ex-
penses of the war," and adds:
"As tlie lands may now be considered as relieved from
this pledge the object for which they were ceded having
been accomplished, it is in the discretion of Congress to
dispose of tlieni in such way a-i be-t to conduce to the
quiet hannonj, and general intereit of the American
people "
And again:
" It stems to be our true policy tli it the public lands
shall cease, ds soon a  practicable, to be a source ol rev
enue, aud that they bt sold to settlers, in limited parcels, at
a pnee bareh sulhuint to reimburse the Lmtid Sfuc- ihe
expense ot the present sjstem, and (lie cost arising under
our Indian compacta "
The advantages of accurate surveys are pointed
out, and then follows this passage:
" It i  desir ible, however, th u in convenient time this
machini ry be withdrawn from the State , ind that the right
of soil and future disposition of it be surrendered to the
fetales respectively in which it lies "
The people of the West are represented as
having paid the greater pait of $40,000,000 for
the public lands, as having by their labor alone
given them real value, and, aítci umm king that
it cannot be expected that the new States will
remain longer contented with the piesent policy,
the opinion is expiessed, that it is Lest to aban-
don the idea of raising a futuie íevenue fiom
them. In the message returning the land bill, the
President, speaking of the system pioposcd by
that bill, appeals to the just mi n of the West to
reject it, and then decíales that he adheres to the
opinion expressed in his annual im ssage of ]83*2,
*' that it is our true policy that the public Idiids
shall cease, as soon as practicable, to be a soui ce
of revi nue, except for the payment of those
general charges which grow out of the acquisi-
tion of the lands, their survey, and sale;" and
adds:
" I do not doubt it is the real interest of each and all the
States in the Union, and particulailv of the new States,
that the pnee ot these land  shall bt reduced and gr-iilu
ated, and tint after tin > have been offued for i co-tun
number of jears, the refu e remaining unsold --hall he nbin
doncd to the States, ind the machinery ol oui lind svstem
entirely withdiavvn Tin-, pi m for disposing of the public
lands impair* no piinciple, violates no compact, and dc-
rangi s no sjstem "
Thus it seems that the President, who saw in
a deduction of tr/elve and a half per cent for the
new States a violation of the trust the Govern-
ment had assumed, can yet see none in surrender-
ing to them the whole But the just men of the
West will not ask it, their sense of justice will
revolt at the thought The forty millions they
have paid has not been extoited from them in the
way of taxation. They have received, in the
lands they have acquired, a full equivalent; prob1
ably three, foui,in some cases tenfold the value
of their money. What would be thought, among
individuals, of one who having puichased a small
portion of his neighbor's land foi less than its
value, should set up a pretension, on that account,
to the residue of the tract' The United States
have sold some forty millions of acres, worth
probably, at the lowest calculation, eighty mil-
lions of dollars, for not much more than half that
sum, and we are asked to surrender perhaps hun-
dreds of millions more to the puichasers, pro-
vided they will reimburse the expenses incurred
in surveying. If such a proposal were not a plain
violation of every principle of justice, as well as
of the compacts entered into by the United States,
its gross inequality alone would condemn it. The
State of Ohio, for example, with a million of in-
habitants, could only get about five millions of
acres, while Michigan, with sixty or eighty thou-
sand inhabitants, might receive about seventeen
millions, with a reversion, upon the extinction
of the Indian title, in upwards of eighty millions
more. Nor have we any right, Mr. Chairman,
strictly speaking, to reduce the price of public
lands below their market value. This is but an-
other mode of giving them away. We hold them
for the common benefit of all the States, and for
no other use or purpose whatsoever. A liberal
policy requues nothing more than that we should
bring them into the market as rapidly as they
can be settled, not that we should adopt a system
which will thiow them into the hands of specu-
lator, who will raise the price upon the settlers.
The States alone, to whom these lands belong,
in their charaeter of sovereign States, can author-
ize a sunender to the western people. A just
participation is all, however, that the new States
can ask in the division of propeity once exclu-
snely belonging to the old States and generously
| sui tendered by them for the common benefit of all.
There is anotherground upon which the former
land bill was opposed, alluded to by my colleague,
it is the provision lequiung that the funds to be
distnbuted should be applied to education and
internal impiovcments. This provision was sup-
posed to reassert the principle contained in the
Maysville load bill, but it is omitted, I under-
stand, in the bill now before the Senate, and the
objection, of coui se, is mapplie ible. Such a pio-
vibion ought not to be adopted, not meicly for
the íeason assigned, but because the funds right-
fully belong to the Stafs, and the General Gov-
ei nmeiit, though bound to pay them ovei, has no
power to direct the manner in which they shall
be used
The distribution of the surplus revenue among
the States was, evidently, at an eaily period of
the piesent Administiation, a favorite measure.
It was then waimly recommended, upon the
ground that if retained, it would be injudiciously
and impioperly expended in works of internal
impiovement The doctrine of internal improve-
ment by the Geneial Government was then íe-
Cdidtd with alarm. In the message of December,
lb30, aftci combating that doctune, the President
alludes to his plan of distubuting the surplus,
and says.
Tint the phn under consideration would derive íra-
poitant ad\ inti,'esfiom its cerfinm , and tint the moneys
set a p li t (or thest purposes would be more judiciously ap
plied, and economically expended, under the direction of
the State Legislatures, m winch evtry pirt of eich State
lb immediately interested, cannot, I think, be doubted."
But the case is now altered. Instead of dis-
tributing the surplus for fear of its being employed
in schemes of internal improvement, the distri-
bution is violently opposed, and the surplus is to
be íetamed fur the pui pose, among otheis, itcau
scarcely be doubted, of carrying on those schemes
on an extensive scale. Does my colleague, who
so warmly opposes the plan of returning to the
people any poition of the money arising fiom the
sales of their lands, desire to see it thus appio-
pnated > Rather than distribute it will he throw
it away wantonly, or leave it as heretofore to be
held by othei States, or expended in internal im-
provements, from which the southern States,
standing on their constitutional integuty, derive
little or no advantage' But the Maysville veto,
it seems, ought to quiet all oui appiehensions.
Yes, sir. Mr Clay, he tells us, declared that in-
ternal improvement lay crushed beneath the veto.
If my worthy colleague, instead of relying upon
the gloomy foiebodings of the great advocate of
this doctrine, had examined into the facts, he
would have ai rived at a very different conclusion.
He would have seen the doctune not only lives,
but floui ishes. It is ti ue that petty improvements
like the Maysville road, that only cost a few thou-
sand dollars, aie no longer regarded as lawful—
they are meiely local. But national improve-
ments, those that connect two or more States,
and cost hundieds of thousands, are strictly con-
stitutional. Yet it is difficult to conceive anyim-
provement, however local, that may not,in some
degree, be said to benefit the whole Union, or
any, however, national, that will not benefit par-
ticular portions more than others. Every path
or road, however small, leads to some outlet, and
that to a larger, connecting two or more States,
as certainly as every spring flows to the ocean.
But the improvement is also legal, even though
wholly within the limits of a single State, pro-
vided it be below a port of entry. What reason
there is why an obstruction below a port of entry
may be removed for the benefit of commerce, and
not an impediment above it, it is difficult to under-
stand, or why, if a river, as is contended, may
be improved in its natural channel, a canal or
raihoad may not be run along side. The State
of Vnginia is now engaged in making a connec-
tion between the city of Richmond and the mouth
of the Kanawha; why may not the General Gov-
ernment take it up and extend it to Pittsburg'
Upon the principles asserted, this improvement
has a double title to its patronage, for it is de-
signed not only to connect two States, but also
two ports of en try. Sir, there is nothing in these
nice distinctions. Theie are no limits to the doc-
trine, or lather the limits are coextensive with
those of the Union. And the practice has kept
pace with the doctrine. I beg leave to refer my
colleague to a tabular statement, compiled appa-
rently with great care, though I cannot vouch for
its accuracy, from the report of the Secretary of
the Tieasury of Januaiy, 1835, to show how far
the piesent Administiation is entitled to piaise for
having crushed the doctrine of internal improve-
ment.
By this statement* it appears that the whole
expenditures, since the ongin of the Government,
in internal improvements, (exclusive of the Cum-
berland Road, the Chesapeake and Delaware
Canal, the Louisville and Portland Canal, the
Dismal Swamp Canal, and the navigation of the
Mississippi,) amounted to $4,372,345 46: of which
there weie expended during Mi. Jefferson's Ad-
ministration, eight years........... §000,000 00
Mr. Madison's administiation, eight
years..........................   216,777 24
Mr. Monroe's administration, eight
years..........................   346,901 19
Mr. J. Q,. Adams's administration,
four years......................1,040,045 78
And the first four years of General
Jackson's administration.........2,768,621 20
more than double the amount expended in the
same time, by the preceding Administration, and
nearly two thirds of the sum expended since the
origin of the Government.
Upon the other improvements mentioned, there
were expended $6,000,545 96, of which were ex-
pended during the first foui years of the present
* For table, see next page.
