654
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
public service has been neglected because the Sen-
ate did not yield obedience to the President's will.
Recently, he has renominated the rejected indi-
vidual, and found a more complying Senate. This
is not the only instance. In thus returning upon
the Senate those they have rejected, the Presi-
dent has virtually clutched the entire power of j
appointment. Since his accession, the powers
of appointment and removal have been exerted in
the most arbitrary and tyrannical manner. In
the Post Office Department alone, the report of
the minority informs us, nearly thirteen hundred
have been swept from office. This proscriptive
policy ought not to be tolerated. It is calculated
to repress the independent expression of opinion
in regard to men in power, and to rear up a race
of sycophants. Yes, servility has become the
passport to promotion—the point of honor. And
one, high in the estimation of" the dominant party,
has not been ashamed to utter the sentiment, that
it is glory enough for him to serve—a man like
himself. Sir, it is a sentiment that would degrade
a slave.
Mr. R. was proceeding with his remarks, but
gave way to a motion that the committee rise.
Wednesday, April 6, 1836.
Mr. ROBERTSON resumed his remarks com-
menced on yesterday. He said he had adverted
to the inattention of the House of Representatives
to the public business, manifested in the failure
of numerous important measures during the last
session, many of which had been matured in the
Senate; and especially to their neglect in regard
to the Post Office Department. The want of re-
organization in that Department had been forcibly
represented in the annual message of December,
1834. The developments of the investigating :
committee had demonstrated its necessity. Still, ,
(said Mr. R.,) we have approached the close of
another session, and nothing has been done to
reform abuses unequivocally proved, or prevent
their recurrence in future. So far from it, the
chief clerk, to whom much of the blame was
imputed, when he could no longer be retained in
office, was permitted to retire by a resignation,
instead of being at once dismissed; and the head
of the Department actually promoted to one of
the highest offices in the gift of the Executive.
Sir, it is a bad precedent thus to reward official
neglect. This officer has gone to his grave. I
do not wish to war with the dead, or say any-
thing to. wound the feelings of his surviving
friends. From what has been said of him, there
is reason to believe that he was one " more sinned
against than sinning." He was very probably
the dupe of others. Indeed, the present incum-
bent tells us, as an apology for his failure, that
"■ he was too good a man." It is pity the public
interest should suffer from such a cause; and fair
to presume that, following out this idea, care has
been taken to guard against a similar error, by
selecting, as his successor, one no better than he
should be.
The minority of the committee appointed to
examine into the management of the Post Office
desired to ascertain the reasons of the unexampled
inscription which had been practiced by that
)epartment. But they were overruled by the
Administration majority. They then limited their
inquiries to specified cases. They called on the
Postmaster General for information touching the
removal of Safford, the postmaster at Putnam,
Ohio. He sent them several letters relating to
that subject, which they desired to put on file for
the information of the House and the public.
But on the motion of Mr. Beardsley, these letters
were ordered to be returned to the Postmaster
General, as containing " nothing which in the
slightest degree impeaches the motives or crim-
inates any act of the Postmaster General, or is in
any respect material to any object of legislation,
or of public interest or concern." On this mo-
tion the yeas were: Messrs. Connor, Beardsley,
Hawes, and Stoddert. Nays, Messrs. Whittle-
sey, Everett, and Watmough. Yet we are in-
formed that those letters proved that Safford had
been a friend of the Administration, and that an
application was made for his removal on the
ground that he was not a real supporter of it;
that his friends opposed his removal on the ground
that he was, in fact, a supporter of the Adminis-
tration; that no other cause was assigned or
claimed by the Postmaster General to have ex-
isted.    Safford was removed.    Herrón, of whose
political faith the report tells there was no doubt,
was appointed in his place.   A member reminds
me of the sequel of the story.    Herrón, as might
be expected of one who could seek  or obtain
office on such terms, considered the public money
as his lawful spoils, and in the brief space of
twelve oreighteen months disappeared, a fugitive
from justice.    I will not tediously consume the
time of the committee in enumerating instances
of similar persecution.   I will only recall their
recollection to the case of Mitchell, postmaster
at Portland, Maine, and of Wyman, postmaster
at Lowell, Massachusetts, both, it is said, re-
moved to make room for partisans of the Admin-
istration, at the instance of a Republican meeting
or a Democratic committee.   These  summary
proceedings strongly resemble those which are
said to have occurred during the Spanish revolu-
tion.  Men were taken from their homes and shot;
when the passing stranger inquired the cause, he
was told they were shotat the request of the peo-
ple.  Far worse; men are hurled from office; they
and their families turned adrift, perhaps to beg
for their bread, not at the request of the people,
but of a Democratic committee.   And for what
offense ?   For difference of political opinion—not
for opinions adverse to free institutions; not for
differing about principles, but about men.   Sir,
it is a vindictive policy, a grinding oppression.
In my native State, some years past, the practice
of dueling, notwithstanding the most rigorous
penalties, prevailed to an extent which called for
every effort to suppress it.   The thought occurred
to our legislators of incapacitating all who might
be concerned in a duel from holding any office
under the Commonwealth.   The ardent youth
who had disregarded the threat of death, were yet
unwilling to be stigmatized as a degraded caste,
and deprived of the privilege of serving their
country.   The law produced an effect beyond
what was anticipated by its warmest advocates.
From that day the practice may be said to have
ceased within the limits of the Commonwealth.
1 What should we think of a law making it an
offense to speak freely of public men or measures,
and excluding a citizen from office on that account?
Yet under this republican Administration, those
who will not bow down before it are subjected
to this penalty—a penalty annexed in Virginia to
what is regarded as a crime against the State;
yes, sir, practically disfranchised, as effectually
as if denounced in your statute-book. The Gov-
ernment that does this is a practical tyranny.  It
is in vain that my colleague attempts to justify it
by quoting Mr. Madison's authority in support
of the power of removal.   He ought to have rec-
ollected the reasons assigned by Mr. Madison
for having no fears of the abuses which we now
witness, and which no man can more strongly
condemn.    I beg the attention of my colleague
to what Mr. Madison says:
" It is contended that the danger consists in this: that the
rresident may remove from office a man whose merit re-
quires that he should be continued in it. Let us consider
what motive he can have for such an abuse of power, and
what will be the check upon him. In the first place he will
himself be impeachable for the wanton removal of a merit-
orious officer, and will himself be removed from his hisrh
trust. 
Again, he says:
" I own it is an abuse of power which exceeds my imag-
ination, and of which I can form no rational conception."
No, sir, Mr. Madison is the last man who
would vindicate the outrageous abuses practiced
by men calling themselves Democratic Republic-
ans ! He believed that that which has been done
by the President and his heads of Departments
would be good ground of impeachment and re-
moval. But the Administration majority seenoth-
ing in it " in the slightest degree culpable, or even
of any public interest or concern." He could
not conceive, in the purity and simplicity of his
heart, the possibility of that abuse which is now
hourly practiced, and shamelessly avowed and
vindicated.
Among other subjects of great interest touched
upon by my colleague, was the situation of the
public money since the removal of the deposits.
I have no intention of entering at large upon the
question of the legality of that measure, already
so often and so ably discussed. It was con-
demned by my own State, on the ground that the
President had transcended his authority. To
say the least, he exercised a doubtful power, in
violation of his own doctrine, without necessity.
What justification was there for anticipating the
action of Congress, soon about to be convened?
Will it be said they would not have sanctioned
the measure? Yes, this has been said byway of
apology for his taking the law into his own
hands. He has even been applauded for carrying
this point by superseding the rightful authority
of Congress; complimented for having achieved a
victory as brilliant as that of New Orleans.
The law organizing the Treasury Department
required that the Treasurer should receive and
keep the public moneys. Afterwards, they were
directed to be deposited in the Bank of the United
States, unless the Secretary of the Treasury should
otherwise order. But this power was to be ex-
ercised by the Secretary according to his own dis-
cretion, and was merely prohibitory. The former
law was unrepealed, and, upon such prohibition,
the duty of receiving and keeping the public
money again devolved upon the regular officer,
the Treasurer, to whom it was originally assigned,
and whose office has never been dispensed with.
No power was ever given to the President to keep
it, or transfer its custody to others. Such a power
cannot be inferred from his implied authority to
remove the Secretary of the Treasury. Sir, it
would be as logical to contend, because he may
remove the officers in the Post Office Department,
that he has power to control them in all respects,
and to require them to deliver your letters or mine
into his hands, or those of his Private Secretary.
In his last message to Congress, the President
tells us that the controversy with the Bank of the
United States " has resulted in severing, to some
extent, a dangerous connection between a mon-
eyed and a political power." Sir, I fear it has
only cemented, still more closely, the bonds of
that dangerous union. It has united a vast mon-
eyed power to the political power of that depart-
ment in which the whole Executive authority is
wielded by one arm, and directed by one will.
It has broken the connection between the Govern-
ment and a bank with thirty-five millions of cap-
ital, and formed one with upwards of forty banks,
wielding nearly fifty millions, exclusive of public
deposits. We have been long flattered with the
promise of a hard money currency. We were
told by the Secretary of the Treasury, in his re-
port of the last session, that banks are by no
means necessary to the fiscal operations of the
Government. Little faith is due to the sincerity
of these declarations. At least, no plan for effect-
ing this object has as yet ever emanated from the
Secretary; on the contrary, various propositions
at the last session, to obtain his plan and dispense
with such agency—one of which 1 had myself
the honor to submit—were all overruled by the
Administration majority.
The condition of the public money since the
removal of the deposits, it cannot be doubted, has
given a vast accession to the power and influence
of the Executive. An increased number of bank-
ing corporations, with all their officers and stock-
holders is now deeply interested in the distribu-
tion and use of the public funds. They look for
favors, and, to obtain them, must become sup-
porters and partisans of the Administration. So
importantistheexistingconnection between them
and the Government, that some of them, it is
said, have an accredited agent near the Treasury
to represent their interests.
But it was a matter of necessity, my colleague
says, to deposit the public moneys in these banks;
it was safer than to place them in the hands of
individuals. But what occasioned this necessity ?
The President brought it upon himself by his
own unlawful act. Sir, it is a startling position,
that assumed by my colleague, that the President
possesses unlimited authority, at his mere will,
to transfer the whole public treasure to any place
he may think fit, or even commit it to the hands
of private individuals. That single remark is
better calculated to show the enormity of the
power he has assumed, than the most elaborate
argument. No one distrusts the personal integ-
rity of the President.   But it is an unsound and
