1936.}
APPBIJiPEX TO THE <WGftE$SfONAk <JLQB9-
€&7
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Deposit Banks—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of.Hejps.
serting a party which has deserted  its princi-
ples.
When we reflect upon the vast magnitude of
the powers wielded by the Executive; the in-
fluence exerted over both Houses of Congress in
the selection of committee-!; in the use of the
veto; in the nomination of members to office; and
in substantnlly assuming the entire power of
appointment; when we see the connection estab-
lished between the moneyed capital of the coun-
try and the political power of the Executive, and
the enormous patronage bestowed by the Gov-
ernment upon the political press; when we con-
sider the host of officers, civil and military, who
draw their daily subsistence at the will of the
President, and his power to strike off every offi-
cer from the rolls of the Army or Navy, without
even the forpiality of a trial; more, especially
when we behold the manner hi which these
powers are exercised; we have but too much
cause to entertain apprehensions for the duration
of our institutions. Lavish expenditures are
authorized; encroachments excused; abuses jus-
tified, inquiry even suppressed; and all this by a
party calling themselves Democratic Re publicans;
all for the good of the people; in the name of the
"Democracy;" yes, sir, of the modern Democ-
racy, whom you may behold rolling along the
broad avenues of this city, in splendid coaches,
with white liveriea servants, throwing their dust
in the faces of the aristocracy traversing the side-
walks on foot. Abuses and assumptions of
power have other objects than the good of the
people. Nor are they who practice them enti-
tled to the name of RepubJicans; they have but
assumed the name, the better to assail the prin-
ciples of .Republicans. , The wolf, disguising
himself in the fleecy coat of the lamb, has gained
admittance to the fold, and, assuming the rights
of a conqueror, claims the spoils of victory.
DEPOSIT BANKS.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY A. WISE,
OF VIRGINIA,
Iv the House of Representatives,
Jprü 14 and 19, 1836,
On the resolution of Mr. Dromoooli, and his amendment
proposed thereto.
On motion of Mr. Dromgoole the following
resolution, submitted by him yesterday, was taken
up:
B* hfd, That the Secretary of the Treasory be directed
to communicate to this House full information of the mode
and manner of selecting banks in the several States or
Territories for the deposit of the public money of the United
Statss; of all contracts af leeineots, or «npulatinnsenterea
into with said banks for the sat  keeping of aVud moneys;
that the «Secretary of the Treasury also state what agents
have,been employed, the nature and extent of their agency,
and the compensation which such agents hive received in
anyway from the Government of the United States; and
that lie also stale what ofllf ers'or agent  on the part of said
banks have in aay way participated or been instrumental
in the formation of any such contracts^ agreements,-or stip-
ulating concerning the deposit and safe-Keeping of said
money i« said banks.
The resolution having been read, Mr. Wise
rose, and moved to amend it by substituting the
following in lieu thereof:
Revolted, That a select committee be appointed, with
power w Mind for per*ons and paper-, tn inquire into the
mode or agency of selecting the banks hi deposit for the
public money; the contracts wjtli the Treasury Depart-
ment by which they arc regulated; the manner in which,
and the pprsons by whom, such contracts are or have been
made; into all correspondence whatsoever toiichipS con-
traéis fer the deposit of the public money! and into all con-
nection or relation, official or unofficial^ winch exists,or has
existed, between any person or persons and the Treasury
Department, or between tli^m and the deposit banki, or any
individuals or banks, totrchmg the custody and the control
and lieposit of the pubfic money; or between any Depart-
ment of the Bxecuuve and any individual or individuals i>r
bunks, touching the disbursements of the public money,
appropriated or unappropriated by law; and into the amrtnnt
ot compensation ot any or all a ents what«oever, official
or unofficial, connected with the said Department, or sajd
banks, touching the disbursement, sale-keeping, or deposit
of the public money; and that said committee have leave
to report bv bill or otherwise.
Mr. WISE said: I rise to offer an amendment
to the resolution of my colleague, and I will en-
deavor to show the very- materia! difference be-
tween it and the resolution for which it is offered
as a substitute.
The most striking difference is, that the reso-
No. 42
lution simply proposes to direct an inquiry of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and my amendment I
proposes to appoint a select committee, with full
powers to investigate, by the oaths of witnesses,
the whole subject of keeping and disbursing the
public money.
The only objection which I can anticipate to '
this amendment, in respect to this difference be-
tween it and the resolution, is, that it is contrary
to parliamentary usage to institute a committee
of investigation before an inquiry has been ad-
dressed, in comity, to the Department, and until
such inquiry has been answered man unsatisfac-
tory manner. Permit me to say, sir, that this
rule of parliamentary usage has been already com-
plied with, and in such a manner, by the Secre-
tary of the, Treasury, as forbids a moment's delay
of investigation, or the least indulgence of comity.
It will be remembered, sir, that, during the ¿ast
Congress, tho Senate of the United States ad-
dressed an inquiry similar to that of my colleague,
but in fact more full and more searching than his,
and that inquiry, in 1833-34, was answered. The
answer then given I considered, and still think,
•was unsatisfactory and false. If it Was not the
" expressio falsi," it was the " suppressio veri." In
consequence of my conviction and impression as
to the character of that answer, and prompted by
information which I had obtained since the com-
mencement of the present session, as to the rela-
tions of" a certain ReubenM. Whitney" to the
Treasury Department and the deposit banks, I
offered the proposed amendment as a distinct and
independent proposition to investigate those rela-
tions "touching the deposit, safe-keeping, and
disbursement of the public money." Thrice and
again did I offer this resolution,.and I hope it will
not soon be forgotten by the American people, as
often was it rejected by " the par.ty."
The representatives of the-people having again
arid again refused to grant the power of investi-
gation, with a majority of the friends of the Sec-
f retary in the House, the inference ,was becoming ¡
too strong that an investigation was dreaded.
Accordingly, sir, in the Globe of the 9th instant I
we see Mr. Secretary Woodbury giving the cue
to "the faithful;" and for the first .time in the
history of our Government does the head of a
Department stoop from his high elevation to the
editorials of the "official organ," to answer " by
authority "an inquiry which had not been made,
and to suggest to his friends his preference for a
simple inquiry, when an investigation was asked,
if not to dictate to Congress the mode of its pro-
ceeding in guarding the public money under his
control! In the editorial to which 1 allude, and
■which I beg leave to read, my colleague and the
House wilL find every inquiry embraced by his
resolution anticipated and answered:
"Mr. Wise.—This individuaUin a resolution which he
has three timescalled up in the House for immediate-action,
is but acting ane w the panic scenes in Hie Senate in 1833-34.
.Then the Secretary of the Treasury was called npon for
•copies o[ contracts made hy the Department wan the
deposit hanks, correspondence with them, and even the
amount of stock that officer held in one of them; also,
| whether an agent was employed to superintend the deposit
banks; if so, by what pwliority he was employed  and-how
i much he was paid, and, out of what fund. &c- To alt these
inquiries prompt answers were given, and to the latter, that
i no agent had been employed by the Department. We have
■rood reason to believe that any information wmoh Mr.
VViss may wwb, eouceoung the deposit busks, in posses-
sion of the Treasury department, he can readily obtain, by
applymff fbrit, wifhout the aid of a formal resolution; and
in relation to an agent to superintend tae deposit banks
being employed oi paid by the Department, we are author-
ized fo say the seme answer would be .given to. suuli an
inquiry as that inadsto the Senate, in 1834.
"The ínBlnuatWniade by Mr. Wise, that some-person,
as an ngent of the Seereiary of the Treasdry, or of the
deposit banks, ,s.«rap|pye4 in decidiiik o;i Iteeir «lection,
.pr m takjiaa security lrom,them, is without th£ least shadow
of foundation. All. these arrangements, weare authorized
"tftsav, are made between the public authorized- officers <rf
the Treflsary Jftepartmem and the tmnki'ftnly.
'• grj tar «a th« resolution of Mr.. Wis* refera  a '■atx-
,taiu lleuden M. Whitney,' and his agencies for the deposit
banks, and the Compensation which Be receives from any
of them, he (Mr. W.>has already, over tifs own signatore,
giten ro the public toe-nature of the Bame; <ah<t, although
tbeso inay be considered matters purely 4nd altogether of a
private nature, yet we .believe that Mr. Whitney will not
, he-itatP to answer any question retrítirig to'tbem which
¡   may serve to gratify the curiosity of Mr. Wise."        ;
Thus, sir, adopting the answer of Mr. Taney
' in 1833-34, and 'having already said, before in-
j quiry, " thus far will! answer and no further,"
11 why should we delay investigation by instituting
an inquiry already answered by this authorized
editorial ? Is the object of my honorable col-
league to give the pilferers of the public purse
more time to pick and steal? The answer which
the Secretary says " by authority" he will give,
is exactly the answer I expected he would give.
And it is ^o test the trutii or falsehood of that
very answer that I demand a committee, with
power to send for persons and papers. 1 here
charge that answer of 1833-31, as now adopted
by the present Secretary of the Treasury, to be,
at this time, false and deceptive; if it speaks
truly, as far as it speaks at all, I believe it can be
proved to be false in suppressing the truth, or in
not teeing the whole truth. I ask for the power
to procure th,is proof; and am I to be told that I
jnust ngdjrj inquire of the culprit whom I charge
with (laving,already answered filsely ?
But  sir, le^us suppose that usage will not be
complied with tiy adopting the amendment which
I propose as a substitute for the resolution of my
honorable colleague.    Still the objections to the
adoption of that resolution are insuperable, and
the reasons for departing from usage in this case
are conclusive.    Admit that Mr. .Secretary has
given no answer, and that this House should not
compromit its dignity by noticing editorials in
the Globe as official communications, it is suf-
ficient abjection to my mind to a mere inquiry
that Mr* Secretary himself has " by authority
invited', suggested, or even 'dared to intimate the
course of an inquiry, when the question of exam-
ination by the oaths of witnesses was pending.
It seems to me that by that "authorized" edi-
torial in the Globe, Mr. Secretary did not so
insolently a!nd impudently mean to say " so far
Will I answer and no further,"as he meant cun-
ningly to give the cue to " the party,"or crouch-
ingfy and craven-like, to beg his fi ¡ends to screen
him from the scrutiny of a committee.    The one
interpretation or tho other must prevail to convict
him of insolent dictation, or of guilty timidity. Sir,
I am bound to believe that my honorable colleague
did pot take the hint from-theGlohe to offer his res-
olutio,n,hut I must say it come? at 4n ill-ómened
time forthe reputation of the Secretary, and he
ouglil scarcely to expect us to yield that to dicta-
tion which is due only to courtesy, or to yield
that to charity and mercy which is duo to truth
and the country.    Why, sir, did not the House
permit me to introduce my resolution, so that the
main question might have been put upon its adop-
tion before, aiy colleague offered his, to which
mine is an amendment, which may now be cut
offby the previous question whenever the friends
of Mr. Secretary choose?    Why is the course
which Mr. Secretary prescribes given precedence
to that which a Representative of the people de-
mands, to investigate Mr. Secretary's own con-
duct in keeping and controlling the money of the
Íleople?    I am sure, sir, that my honorable col-
eague did  not offer  his resolution of inquiry
merely because Mr. Secretary has requested it;
but.I shall assuredly vote against the adoption of
his resolution, for the very reason that MrN Sec-
retary himself asks .that an inquiry of himself
only shall be instituted.    Sir, put here to guard
the Treasury, am I discharging my duty to my
, constituents when I permit those who have the
Jceys of the coffers toprescribe the mode of prov-
ing then* honesty \   Fut here to judge of the con-
¡I duct of executive officers, and to investigate that
I1 conduct strictly, am I to be content.with the mere
i  " ipie dixit" of the officer himself as to his faith-
I fulness and purity ?    Is it to be expected that I
will trust to the mere word of an officer, not an
"oath at all, who asks me to take that word alone
Vhen I require him to be put upon his oath,'and
wish to call other witnesses?   Is not the request
by him, to ask him simply whether he be guilty,
¡.and flot to try him by proof, enough to raise-^he
"suspicion at pnce that truth and hohesty both
| require a trial upon oath?   Sir, this intimation;
of Mr. Secretary, more than any other cause,
¡has made me eager for an investigation forthe
''sake of the country, and should make his friends
'still more eager for the sake of his own reputa-
tion.    It wilt no doubt be much more agreeable
(.to Mr. Secretary to answer an inquiry, addressed
to him sitting in the big chair of his office, which
i he may answer fully or not as he pleases, than
119 respond on oath to interrogatories addressed
