658
APPEMHX TO THE CON&RESSÍO&A& ¿LUBE.
[April 14,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Deposit Banks—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
to bis conscience, not to hi? good pleasure; and
inasmuch as he has presumed to ask for the one
course to avoid the other, I am for bringing his
dignity down to the lowly Wei of an honest man.
I am confident that the chance is much bettpr of
getiing the truth from the witness-stand than from
the Treasury Depart mi nt. Cut, will gentlemen
sav, if Mr. Secretary has answered falsely, will
vo'u not allow him to answer over again?
Sir, this brings me to a still more valid objec-
tion t.i tlv resolution of my colleague.    If there
be  anything false or  foul   in  the  relations  of
Mr. Secretary with R. M. Whitney, is it to be
expected that he will himself expose it?    Does
not every lawyer know that felons at the bar of
justice will, nine hundred and ninety-nine times
in a thousand, plead "not guilty?"   Wasjtever
heard of that the mere response of the suspected
or accused should be taken as evidence of inno-
cence, or evidence in any sense ?   And if, sir, the
resolution of my colleague prevails, I fear such
will be its tendency and effect.    Gentlemen tell
me, " Let us have the answer of the Secretary
first, and then, if it be not satisfactory, we will
grant you a committee !"   And is this to be the
door of escape from investigation ?   Do gentlemen
expect to deceive or cajole rae with fair words of
promise like this?   Ay, sir, a committee will be
granted if the answer be not satisfactory t   Satis-
factory to whom ?   To me or to the " faithful?"
Do I not know, sir, now beforehand, that a white-
washing answer will *be returned, glossing over
all fraud and peculation, concealing the agents at
least of speculation on the public moneys, making
all fair and comely and satisfactory to the blind
devotees of " the party?"    Have I  not, from
what I have already seen hefe, the best reasons
to fear that " the party" will refuse a committee
after such an answer, because to allow investiga-
tion will be to impugn the answer of Mr. Secre-
tary ?   And, sir, will not Mr. Secretary's self-
'acquittal be held up as evidence not only of his
own innocence of any the least improper con-
nection  with R. M. Whitney, or of any other
malfeasance touching his office, but of Whitney's
purity, and of the wickedness, too, of those who
suspect or accuse these par nobile fratrum?   Sir,
let this resolution be adopted; let the Secretary
of the Treasury have leave to answer, not on
oath  or cross-examination, in  vindication  of
himself, and not only will he be made innocent,
"Whitney not proved guilty, the deposits left the
easy prey of corruption, but you and I, and every
man who has dared to intimate a suspicion, will
"be held up to odium and abuse !    I, therefore,
now say, once for all, that I am no accuser.    I
have not the evidence upon which to found an
accusation.   But I know and believe enough to
make all desire an investigation.    I am not, sir,
to be caught in any Niman Edwards prosecu-
tion; but, be it remembered, if there be no in-
vestigation, it will not be my fault; and if guilt
somewhere be not proved, it will be for the want
of power to call upon witnesses to testify.    Will
my Colleague lend himself to this easy mode of
escape to the suspected?   Will he assist in set-
ting this dangerous trap for the innocent ?   I am
sure, sir, that no stern republican will fail to do
everything in his power to protect the public
"purse, and no "Virginian will aid the agents of
corruption to shift their odium upon those who
would expose theirguilt.  He who willknowingly
and willfully assist in screening corruption is
Tiimself corrupt; and I now say in advance, that
if the course which I fear be pursued, it will be
proof Conclusive that there is the foulest corrup-
tion in the Government—not a mere'corruption
of ambition for office or station, but base mer-
cenary corruption of avarice for gold; and he will
'be blind who cannot see who are its agents.
But, sir, if usage heretofore has been with'my
colleague, and against the course I propose, yet
1 think the last chapter of our experience in rela-
tion to inquiring into the abuses and corruption
of the Departments should teach us to abolish a
usage which has worked so much detriment to
the public. I beg gentlemen not to forget so soon
the history of the investigation of the Post Office
Department. Loud complaints were heard of
malfeasance and corruption there. Suspicions
were entertained and expressed, proofs known to
be in existence, and charges were openly1 made.
Power and its party affected, as in this instance,
to treat the complaints, suspicions, and charges
as a false clamor of opposition. Inquiry after
inquiry was made, ana the invariable response
from the guardian watchman was, " all's well!"
and all were bound to believe it. Dtfiancpeven
was hurled at the effrontery of baie suspicion,
and loudly was innocence and purity pretended,
even after investigation began to probe the ulcers
of corruption. The Senate's committee were not
belie.ed, and it was a duty of party allegiance to
cry out, "false accusation!" At last the com-
mittee of the House was appointed, consisting of
a majority of" the party" itself; and, after long
and laborious examination, it came out slowly,
"and not until á particular juncture, when certain
of the "knowing ones" began to love Mr. Barry's
place better than his peace or his party, that there
had been embezzlement, fraud and corruption
enough to render the Department insolvent, and
to bring the name of an honest and honorable
man (Mr. Barry) almost to infamy and contempt.
The truth was exposed at last, but too late to save
the money. The rogues had deceived Mr. Barry,
pocketed the money, and most graciously resigned
office to escape conviction, and to enjoy their ease
and their gains ! Is this scene to be acted over
again? No, sir, not with my consent. I am for
pouncing upon them now in the act of pilfering
and plundering the Treasury, and detecting the
thief in the " mainour." What care they for rep-
utation,,when they have once got the plunder?
The people's money will make them many friends.
And we are to be pausing here upon a point of
etiquette with one of the suspected, who will be
glad, perhaps, of the opportunity to quiet our
fears yet awhile longer, whilst the plunderers are
at their work, and the thieves are " taking and
carrying away'."
I am, therefore, for abolishing so costly and
corrupting a usage, admitting it to exist, and not
to have been complied with in this case by an
answer already made in advance. What were
the moneys of the Post Office Department com-
pared with the entire revenue of this country,
with a surplus in its Treasury of more than forty
millions? A drop in the bucket—a rivulet to the
ocean. I am for going into the investigation,
then, immediately,probing this matter to the core,
and saving the public money while it is still in
my reach, if it i"? so, and saving the public morals
before they become stale. Such are the first ob-
jections to the dilatory, ruinous, and whitewash- ,
ing course proposed by my colleague.
But, sir, I have said that the Secretary has given
an answer already " by authority" in the Globe,
and, I repeat it, that answer is false. If such a
committee as I propose is granted, I will prove \
that answer to be a willful suppression of the
truth. I hold Mr. Secretary responsible for the
whole editorial in the Globe; and what does it
say? " No agent had been employed by the De- !
partment." Andfurthertherespondentanswered ,
not, though he knew that an agent had been, and
•was then, and knows that he is now, employed
by the deposit banks, by virtue of contracts with
the Department, and, in some instances, upon its
recommendation ! Mr. Secretary also very offi-
ciously gives me " reason to believe" that " any
information 1 (Mr. Wise) may wish concerning
the deposit banks, in possession of the Treasury
Department, I can readily obtain by applying^for
it, without the aid of a formal resolution." This
is most gracious and obliging! I wish to know
something about Reuben M. Whitney, and Mr.
Secretary kindly offers to inform me about the
deposit banks. I wish to be informed of the on-
recorded transactions between him and Whitney
& Co., and he pertly offers togive me any in-
formation, "in possession of the Treasury De-
partment," as to banks, not Whitneys! I wish
to examine him upon oath, under the authority
and sanction of this House, and he gives us
.«« reason to believe" that he will tell us anything
but the very thing we wish to know, "by [myj
applying for it without the aid of a formal reso-
lution !"
And, sir, has it come to this, that subjects of
such immense magnitude, involving the whole
revenue, commerce, trade  and credit of the coun-
try, the integrity of Treasury officers, and the
-corruption of Treasury agents, the safety of the
public moneys, and the preservation of the pub-
lic morals, shall be inquired into by the Repre-
sentatives of the people in this way ? Shall Mr.
Secretary thus taunt a Representative with his'
inability to detect abuses, and bis own power to
stifle investigation ? Am I, are we, individually
to bow before him for secret information touch-
ing the most vital public trusts, which he should
be impeached for concealing, if he has coneealed
it from us as a House of Congress? Are the
public functionaries, and especially he who holds
the purse strings, to be held responsible only so
far as they may choose? Shall Mr. Secretary
keep a part on the record and a part in his own
bosom, and deal out the evidence as he pleases
to individuals who are curious, and not be farced
to testify on oath as to the whole truth before
the people's Representatives? Sir, I would spurn
the act of applying to him for information, who
has already told me he will not answer truly. I
will not condescend to ask him on his own terms,
when I am convinced that they are in fraud of
my country, and when I have proposed terms of
my own which he will not and, I believe, dare
not accept. I will not inquire as Mr. Wise, foe
mere curiosity, when I feel bound to investigate,
from a sense of duty, as a member of Congress.
I will not apply to a man for evidence against
himself, when I believe that I have no need of
his confessions to convict him of falsehood, if
not of corruption. And if this is to be the me-
dium of light and knowledge to the people of
their public men and their measures, darkness
will indeed so cover the land, that power may
without fear conceal the abuses which it commits
with impunity.
He has also informed us that " the insinuation
that some person, as an agent of the Secretary or
of the deposit banks, is employed in deciding on
their selection, or in taking security from them,
is without the least shadow of foundation." Now,
sir, this, too, is a perfect special plea. Here, for
the first time, does the " authorized" editorial
speak in the disjunctive or alternative of an agent
of the Department or ,of the banks, but as to an
agent for what ? For " deciding on their selec-
tion, or in taking security from them." " All these
arrangements," says the answer, " are made be-
tween the public authorised officers of the Treas-
ury Department and the banks only." But are
"these arrangements" all? The Secretary, no
doubt, decides upon selection, takes security,and
the two contracting parties, the banks and the
Department, contract; bwt who is the " internun-
cio?" Who secretly corresponds? Who reports
upon the safety or solvency of the banks selected,
or to be selected? Who reports officially or un-
officially, I care not which, upon the policy of
selecting or continuing this or that bank of de-
posit, with a view to political party effect? Who
is paid tribute for these offices? By whom? How
much ' Has any one, by this position, the whole
money-power of the Treasury, and the unlimited
power of the credit of thirty-five banks? How is
that power used or abused? Who is responsible?
Who has the profits ? Who suffers? Sir, we are
told that all these " matters" are " purely and
altogether of a private nature," and perhaps Mr.
Whitney will condescend " to gratify the curios-
ity of Mr. Wise!" Sir, is not this bold effrontery,
this hardihood of corruption, worse than the loss
even of the public money? Shall we permit cor-
ruption to grow so bold as to beard us in our
seats, and so strong as to plunder in open day?
Is the rogue, with the purse in his hand, thus to
taunt us by shaking it in our faces ?
Have gentlemen so soon forgotten the doctrines
and practices of the "party" in relation to the
" fair business transactions" of the Bank of the
United States? Do they not remember how far
the committee of Congress, in 1832, went into
the investigation of the private transactions of
Thomas Biddle & Co , and of Noah & Webb,
with the Bank of the United States ? And are
not the gentlemen of the committee of the last
Congress, who proposed to go much further
against that fated and doomed institution, not
now here present? and will they change their tone
of investigation upon a change of the deposits?
and will they not assist me in ferreting out the
private transactions of R. M. Whitney with the
Department and the pet banks?
