664
APl*firtDÍ& TÓr THÉ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
24th Cómj.... 1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
Stevenson, to be Minister to England; and the
Hon. John H. Eaton, to be Minister to Spain.
So that if the aggregate account was made out up
to this time, it would appear that over five hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars of the people's
money liad been distributed among members of
both Houses of Congress in the form of salaries
and outfits. It appears that the highest honors
and emoluments of the nation have been con-
stantly held up to glitter in their eyes.
It is thus that the prayer of our Lord and
Saviour has been remembered; it is thus that the
members of Congress have been kept out of
temptation; it is thus that the channel of tyranny
and corruption has been closed; it is thus that
the purity of legislation has •been preserved.
In [lursuit of the principles of this Adminis-
tration, let us pass to the consideration of two
other documents.
On the 24th of February, 1825, (seethe Senate
Journal, page 194i) as a member of the Senate,
General Jackson voted for a subscription of stock
on the part of this Government, to aid in the
completion of the Dismal Swamp canal, and on
the same day he voted for the passage of the bill
authorizing «-subscription of stock in the Dela-
ware and Chesapeake Canal Company. In the
year 1838, the General being a candidate for the
Presidency, and there being great anxiety in the
Western country to-know certainly his principles
in regard to internal improve.nents, (this anxiety
arose from the fact that from the commencement
of the Government, the revenues of the country
had been expended on the sea-beard, and every
western interest had been neglected,) the election
of a western President was looked to as an event
that would bring the protection and blessings of
the Government to all pifrts of the Union. That
there might not remain any doubt on the subject,
Governor Ray, of the State of Indiana, at the
instance of the Senate of that State, addressed a
letter of inquiry to General Jackson, and on the
28th day of February, 1828, the General sent his
answer to the Governor and Senate; an extract
from which reads in these words:
" I pray you, sir, respectfully to state to the Senate of
Indiana that my opinions at present are precisely what they
were in 1823-24, when they were communicated by letter
to Dr. Coleman, of North Carolina, and when I voted for
the present tariff and appropriations for internal improve-
ments."
This letter, throughout the West, was consid-
ered as removing every doubt, and the vole of
that country was given upon the faith of the pos-
itive pledge it contained. This pledge was re-
deemed by the veto of the Maysville road bill,
and the veoo of the bill for the benefit of the Louis-
ville canal—redeemed, by depriving Kentucky of
the appropriations voted by the Congress of the
United States, and by consenting to pour out
millions at every session for internal improve-
ments in other more favored parts of the United
States, under the very same clauses of the Con-
stitution upon which any grant of money for the
benefit of Kentucky was refused !
In the veto of the bill for the benefit of the
Louisville canal we are informed that " positive
experience, and a more thorough consideration
of the subject, have convinced me [the President]
of the impropriety, as well as inexpediency of
such investments."
Here we have an example to weaken the ties
which bind together Representative and constitu-
ent. What right has a Representative to change
his opinions in regard to principles which he was
pledged to support before his election? But it
was necessary to break the force of the shock
which this disappointment caused in the West.
This purpose was accomplished in the message
of 1829, in which the country^yas informed that,
after the payment of the .public debMhere vould
remain a large surplus in the Treasury which
could be appüed to purposes of internal improve-
ment, so as to avoid the objections which had
been made to the system.   The Presjdent says:
,'f To avoid these evils, it appears to me that the most
safe, jüst, and federal disposition which could be made of
the surplus revenue would be jts apportionment among the
several States according to their ratio pf representation;
and should this ineasurr not be fount} warranted by the Con-
stitution, that it would be expedient to propose to fhp States
an amendment authorizing it."           '
This view revived the hopes of the West, be-
lievingthat,on the extinguishment of the national
debt, the surplus revenue would be divided among
the States. But when the time came for realizing
this new promise, and the Congress of the United
States, by almost two thirds of each House, passed
a law to divide the proceeds of the public lands
among the States, it was met by another veto.
When this promise was made, there was no sur-
plus then to divide; now, when there is a surplus
of thirty millions, we hear no more of the safe,
just, and federal apportionment among the several
States; but we are now urged to add the whole to
the expenses of the Federal Government.'
The principles of this Administration are not
to be found in the recorded votes on the Senate
Journal, or in the letter to Governor Ray, or in
the message of 1829. In his inaugural address,
on the 4th of March, 1829, the President expresses
himself thus:
" The recent demonstration of public sentiment inscribes
on the ttst of Executive duties, in characters too legible to
be overlooked, the task of reform ; which will require, par-
ticularly, the correction of abuses that have brought the
patronage of the Federal Government into conflict with the
freedom of elections."
Here we have the promulgation of a principle
upon which the very existence of a representative
Government depends. For it is evident that, if
the power and patronage of the General Govern-
ment was brought into conflict with the freedom
of elections, the freedom of opinion in the exer-
cise of the elective franchise must perish, and the
ballot box become a mere form to carry out the
decrees of power. It is in the power of the Gen-
eral Government with the public money to buy
up the public press, and make it a false witness
between the rulers arid the people. It is in the
power of the General Government, through the
agency of Ihe public officers and the Treasury
Department, to wield an influence over public
, opinion dangerous to the liberties of the country.
The nation, therefore, looked to this Administra-
tion to keep its power at a distance from the polls,
i and leave the selection of public agents to the
, unbiased judgment of the people.
This great right of election was reserved by the
people to enable them to maintain their sover-
eignty. Whenever the exercise of this right shall
cease to proceed from a free and virtuous people,
and shall be guided and corrupted by the influence
of the Federal Government, the power and free-
dom of the people are gone.
( Sir, what is the present gloomy condition of
our public affairs, in regard to this view of them?
Have not the peo pie everywhere beheld the Fed-
eral officers bearing, with all their force in per-
fect concert, on elections? Have we not seen
' them appointing electioneering meetings of the
people, and holding political conventions to con-
trol public sentiment, and devoting their industry
and their means to influence votes? Do we not
see that thirty millions of the public money is
now in a position where it can be easily brought
i into conflict with the freedom and purity of elec-
tions ? Who is it that has of late run a political
race on the side of power that does not feel con-
scious that he was lifted up and borne along
by it! Who has run against this power that
does not know at every step he was pulled back
by it? That the whole power of the Federal
Government is now exerted throughout the na-
tion, with wakeful vigilance, to control the next
election is a matter of public notoriety. Does
not the proclamation which has gone forth, that
all the honors and revenues of the Republic are
lawful spoil, to be divided among the victors in
the desperate scramble for power, avowedly bring
the offices and treasure of the nation into the politi-
cal market, to be bartered for votes and influence ?
The principles of this Administration are not
found in the inaugural address of the 4th March,
1829.
None of the professions of this Administration
have attracted more of public attention than those
which related to the suppression of paper money
and the extension of a metallic currency. Under
these professions, what has been accomplished?
The Administration struck down the best cur-
rency in the world, of equal value in all parts of
the Union—everywherepreferred to gold and sil-
ver. The bank that issued Uiisfiurr*ncy Was the
only means ever discovered by which the State
banks could be checked and regulated, and the
currency preserved sound, and the constitutional
power of the General Government to fix the stand-
ard of value maintained—a means that had re-
ceived the sanction of Washington and Madison,
and its benefits established by the experience of
half a century. Since the overthrow of this long-
tried system, upon which all commercial relations
reposed in security, in place of a currency of the
precious metals, the following statement will show
the wretched condition of the currency, and the
alarming increase of paper money called into
existence by the influence of the General Gov-
ernment:
In 1832, there were in the United States three hundred
and thirty banks.
Circulation...................................$61,000.000
Aggregate capital...........................„. 145,000,000
In 1835, there were six hundred and four banks.
Capital.......................................400,000,000
Notes in circulation, probably.................900,000,000
So that, since the delusion was got up about
gold and silver, banks and bank notes and paper
money have more than doubled. Since the pros-
tration of the bank that could hold the local insti-
tutions in check, the States seem to be moving
forward with a spirit of controversy which shall
deluge the land with the deepest arid broadest
sluices of paper money. And thus, in violation
of the spirit of the Constitution, the power of
regulating the currency is given up to local banks,
and we are thrown back into all the evils of de-
preciated bills of credit, against which it was one
of the main objects of the Constitution to guard.
AH men of forecast know that, upon the first
great reverse in our commercial relations, we are
destined again to experience all the train of calam-
ities which will flow from the depreciation of the
millions of paper money now in the hands of the
people. They know that labor will again be
robbed of its earnings, and the property of the
people sacrificed at public auction.
The appearance of things at present is delusive.
The exorbitant prices of property are not signs
of real health and vigor in the body-politic; they
are rather delusive symptoms of a bloated plethora.
In the face of existing appearances to the con-
trary, I warn my friends and my constituents, and
my country, to be prepared, as well as they can,
for the realities that lie behind the present tem-
porary delusion.
Mr. Speaker, permit me here to digress from
the consideration of our domestic affairs for a few
minutes, for the purpose of inquiring what are the
principles of this Administration in regard to its
intercourse with foreign nations.
Although the unfortunate difference with France
is settled, yet there are some views in relation to
it which ought never tobe forgotten. In the year
1830, the French Government took offense at a
passage of the President's message to Congress
in 1829, which was construed to be disrespectful
to France. It was then determined by the Ad-
ministration that a difference so trivial, proceeding
from a misunderstanding, should not interrupt
the friendly relations with our ancient ally that
stood by us in the darkest days of the Revolution,
and that it should not interfere with or suspend
the pending negotiation. Mr. Rives, our Minis-
ter at the French Court, promptly explained the
President's message in a satisfactory manner, and
communicated the result to his Government; and
the following extract of a note from Mr. Van
Buren, then Secretary of State, to Mr. Rives, by
order of the President, will show how well satis-
fied he was with the explanation which Mr. Rives
had given to the French Government of his mes-
sage of 1829:
" Department of State,
" Washington, wlpn/ 2,1830.
" Si*: Yotirsevtral dispatches, to No. 14, inclusive, have
been received atthis Department, and submitted to the Pres-
ident. He approves fully of your reply to the observations
of Prince Polignac in regard to portions of his message to
Congress which refer to the state of our affairs with France.
It contains, as jar a  it goes, a fair exposition of his senti-
ments apon the point alluded to.:'
But as it is customary among eiviliaed nations,
in friendship and peace, to treat each other with
marked respect, even in their official communica-
tions between departments of the same Govern-
ment, and lest the impression should still remair
in France that the President intended a menace
in his message of 1829, and the negotiation there-
