670
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GttJBE.
[June 9,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Northern Boundary óf Ohio*—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. of Reps.
we do not recognize Michigan as a party to the
controversy,) that there is somewhat of party
politics mingled with it both here and at home,
among the people of Ohio. An overwhelming
majority of the citizens of our State are for the
boundary tlaimed by us, and they have no dispo-
sition to let party have any connection with this
claim-, but the politicians have not taken exactly
the same view of it, and some of them, it is very
clear, have endeavored to turn at to account in the
political struggles which now agitate the country.
The effect is visible here. Our delegation are
unanimous for the claim of Ohio. We all go for
the boundary; yet in arriving at the object of our
hopes and wishes  we disagree materially uppn
various incidental questions. It is this disagree-
ment which is the occasion in part of my now
obtrudingtnyself upon the attention of the House.
I desire to be fully understood in my position;
and then all who have a right to know my senti-
ments will be able to approve or disapprove of
the course I have adopted.
It is not necessary for me to meddle with the
difficulties between some of my colleagues, and
their quondam friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams.] I leave him in their hands. They are
fully competent to take care of him, and to vin-
dicate themselves from aspersion or misrepre-
sentations which may came from that, or from
any other quarter. My business is with other
branches of the controversy.
There are three bills before the committee; the
first, a bill merely to settle the boundary; the
second, a bill to settle the boundary, and to admit
Michigan into the Union; and the third, a bill to
admit Arkansas into the Union. The first one
we Irave laid on the table, to remain there until
the other two are disposed of. The whole dele-
gation from Ohio, except, one, voted against lay-
ing that bill on the table; but they were overruled
by a majority of the House. With the motives
of my colleague, who differed with us, I have
nothing to do; nor shall I attempt to assign rea-
sons for his vote. No doubt his motives were
pure and his reasons satisfactory to himself; and
he is very competent to defend his own course,
either here or elsewhere. But of the vote of my
-colleagues, friends of the Administration, and my-
self, who voted against the motion to lay on the
table, I have something to say. It is due to our-
selves that our reasons should be known.
It is a good general rule in legislation that each
measure should stand upon its own merits, un-
connected with everything else. If good, let it
prevail if bad,let jt be defeated. We applied
that ruie to the boundary bill. We were of opin-
ion that a large majority of the House were in
favor of the boundary claimed by Ohio, and that
if this proposition stood alone it would pass with-
out much difficulty. But, when it is connected
with the admission of Michigan into the Union,
we are by no means so certain of its success.
There is a strong party in this House apparently
determined to keep Michigan out of the Union
durmg the present iession. If they succeed, and
our boundary question is connected with Mich-
igan, ic must necessarily share the same fate.
This would be disastrous to Ohio. Her public
works are suspended for a settlement of this ques -
.non. Her interests, pride, and feeling, are deeply
involved in it. Her people are impatient to see
it terminated. A border war is lowering upon
-our northern frontier; and the moment Congress
shall adjourn,'without adjusting this dispute.it
will brea* oat with a train of outrages and blood-
shed that mast be profoundly deplored by «very
man who Idves his country. Myself, and those
with -whom I -act, thought it imprudent, under
these circumstances, to rtsklhe fate of our bound-
ary, by voluntarily attaching it td another ques-
tion-<-thü admission of a new Stale< mtothe UhíObu
We preferred having dur bill first acted upon,
and after that we were entirely willing to see the
Stat* admitted; i We da not oppose her. The
peooie of Ohio da not oppose her. We only ob-
ject'to her coming into the Union and bringing a
part of the territory of Ohio along with her,
claiming it as parcel of the new State. This we
oppose, and ever shall, whilst we have the saga-
city to comprehend our rights and the spirit to
maintain them.
I come now to the büÜ which, is more immedi-
ately before us. It is a bill of several sections.
The first section declares, expressly, that the
boundary of Ohio shall be by a direct line running
from the most southerly extreme of Lake Mich-
igan to the most northerly capeof the Miami bay;
being the line always claimed by Ohio, and the one
named in her constitution. The subsequent sec-
tions prescribe the limits of the new State of Mich-
igan, and require her to meet in convention, and
agree to the limits so prescribed, before nhe shall
be admitted into the Union; and on her giving
her assent, the President, by proclamaron, is to
declare her one of the independent States of this
Confederacy, entitled to all the privileges of the
Union under the Federal Constitution. My col-
league [Mr. Vintoh] proposes to amend this bill
by adding a proviso, declaring that, if Michigan
should not assent to these new boundaries, still,
the northern hoe of Ohio shall be and remain as
described in this bill. I am constrained to vote
against this amendment. The reasons that influ-
ence me in doing so shall be briefly given.
It was with gTeat difficulty this bill passed
through the Senate. No opposition was mani-
fested to that part of it which fixed our boundary,
but there was violent resistance shown to the
admission of the State. If the bill were now in
that body, it is extremely doubtful whether it
«ould be got through. We all know these things;
the newspapers have informed us of their exist-
ence, in addition to the other sources of informa-
tion which we possess. If we amend the bill in
the slightest degree, it must go back to the Senate
for their concurrence. Suppose they refuse to
concur, or that they refuse to act on the bill this
Besston, and let it remain on their files among the
unfinished business, what will be our condition?
How shall we avoid the alarming evils which
are now impending over us, or meet the storm of
public indignation that will burst forth against
Congress for this unjustifiable procedure> I, for
one, am not willing to meet it, nor am I willing
to share any portion of the responsibility. I
cannot, therefore, vote for any amendment to this
bill, thereby creating the necessity to send it
back to the Senate, and risking its final passage,
unless that amendment be absolutely necessary
to its validity. Such is not the case with this
amendment; and I will now proceed to show that
its adoption can be of no advantage to Ohio, in
any respect whatsoever.
In the first section it is declared, in the most
unqualified terms, that the northern line of Ohio
shaJl be as we claim it. In the subsequent sec-
tions it is provided that Michigan may come into
the Union upon her assenting to this line, and to
the boundaries assigned to her by this bill. If
the bill passes and receives the sanction of the
President, it will be a lau>m allttsparts. Whether
Michigan shall comply with the condition or not,
upon which she is allowed to come ir to the Union,
is a matter of perfect indifference, so far as the
validity of the law is concerned. If she com-
plies, she will come in; if not, she will remain
out; but, in either event, the law still stands in
full force Her failure to comply with its con-
ditions cannot annul the law, or affect a single
provision it contains. All that can be said is,
that the law contains a provision with which the
State has notcomphed, and the only consequence
that follows is, that she remains out of the Union.
The law itself remains wholly unimpaired.
But the conditions of this law are not in the
first section, nor have they any necessary con-
nection with it. The subsequent sections may
all be annulled, and still the first one will remain
in full force. It is the first one alone in which
we have any peculiar interest. It settles our
boundary permanently, without cdndition-«r lim-
itation. No subsequent section, nor any pro-
ceedings of Michigan under it, can affect our
Tigfois which are thus secured. To make this
plain, I will illustrate my views by one or two
cases. Suppose4 a law passed at the present ses-
sion, giving to the State of Connecticut $1©(*,OO0,
in full for all her claims upon the General Gov-
ernment for revolutionary services, debts paid,
men furnished, &c, during our struggle for inde-
pendence. Attached to this law, is a section
pioviding that Massachusetts shall also receive
$100,000 from the Treasury of Oje United States,
upon cimdüten that her .Legislature will pasa an
act relinquishing all other claims, and receiving
tins sum in full satisfaction of all her demands
against the General Government. It is an easy
matter to combine two such subjects in the same
law, and it is not unfrequently done. Suppose,
then, Massachusetts should refuse to pass the
act required, or to accept the money in satisfac-
tion of her claim; would that prevent Connecticut
from getting her money, out of the Treasury?
We all know it would not. Her claim would be
safe. No act of another State could affect it.
She would send an authorized officer to receive
it, and the funds would be delivered to him, w ab-
out asking, or caring, what had been done by
Massachusetts in reference to her claims.
Again, we have now a proposition before this
House to recharter the several banks in this Dis-
trict. If we were to pass a law containing sev-
eral sections, and in the first section should renew
the charter of the Metropolis Bank, without any
condition or limitation, simply declaring that it
is rechartered for the term of fifteen yeais; and
in the subsequent sections should renew the other
charters, upon condition that a certain bonus, say
$50,000 each, should be paid into the Treas-
ury by the 1st day of September next, and if
not paid then, the charters should expire: how
could this condition affect the Metropolis Bank >
It would be rechartered, and would proceed to
transact business without regard to the course
the other banks might think proper to pursue.
Whether they should accept or reject the condi-
tions imposed on them by Congicss would be a
question of no interest to the Bank of the Me-
tropolis. The whole law would be valid and
binding. So much of it as was conditional would
be justas much a law as any other part of it.
Those for whom the condition was intended could
avail themselves of it oi not, at their own pleas-
ure The law must remain, with its conditions,
in full force—an expiession of the sovereign will
and obligatory upon tli« citizens of the Rt public.
The approbation or disapprobation of those who
are allowed to benefit themselves by its piovis-
10ns, can derogate nothing from its authority or
supremacy.
How can the present ease be distinguished from
those I have stated ? Here is a bill ot several sec-
tions, and the first one establishes oui boundaiy
in the strongest language that can Ik employed in
legislation. No condition, no qualification is at-
tached to it. Subsequent sections declare that a
new State may be admitted into the Union upon
certain specified conditions. Now whether these
conditions are acceded to or not, whether the State
shall come in or not, is a totally separate and dis-
tinct question from the one settled in the fiist
section of the bill. Our line is permanently and
unchangeably established, and no future move-
ment of either Michigan, Congress, or any other
power, can shake or invalidate its location.
With this view of the subject, I cannot vote for
my colleague's amendment. It will endanger the
passage of the bill, by sending it back to the
Senate; and it is unnecessary, because the bill
already contains all that Ohio wants In attempt-
ing to obtain more, we may lose what is already
offered, and is within our reach. Let us adheie
to the bill as it is, and arrive at a final arrangement
of this delicate and vexed question, which has
already agitated our whole country to an alarming
extent, and threatened at one time to involve our
frontier citizens m a border war, in which many
valuable lives must have been lost, and a stain
inflicted upon the character of our fiee institutions
which time could not have effaced.
Before anything i  said of the merits of our
claim, it is proper that I should notice an argu-
ment presented by the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Pearce ] He took it upon him-
self, in a very cool and self-complaeent manner,
to denounce our pretensions as utterly ground*
less.and hoped Congress would not act so unjustly
towards others, as to concede to Ohio what we
believe to be her right, according to every known
ÍManciple of equity and justice. He seemed
iighly delighted with one idea upon this subject,
which he pressed upon our consideration with
some ability and a great deal of eai nestness. He
asked, with an air of triumph, " If Ohio believes
her cause to be just, why does she not allow
Miehtgan. $o come into the Union, and then sub-
