1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
24th Cong...1st Sess.
The Cherokee Treaty—Mr. Grantland.
Ho. of Reps.
freedom had been stained by the blood of her own '
son-. But tin stoi m his passed The usu il ffood
fiutune o the Anient m people has prevailed
Tin land 1 eaves in wt w, and a haven, vvith its
«dc sine id inns invites ustoentei Aftei so
loiij ancxpisuie to the fuiv of a ti mpest that
■r is apparency gathering in oui political houzon,
let us si ire tht first opportunity to steer the ship
into a Nitt haioor, fir beyond the naeh of that
elemt ntal vvarthu thnatnitd lit i secuuty m tlie
open ¡>ea. Let us piss this bill It doi s justice
to all. It conciliates all Its provisions will carry
peace and harmony to those whoaie now agitated
bv strife, and disquieted by tumults and disoiders
By this just, humane, and beneficent policy, we
shall consolidate our liberties and make this Gov-
ernment what Mr Jefieison, moie than thiity
years ago, dec! ired it to be, " the strongest Gov-
ernment on earth, the onlv one v\ here every man
at the call of the law, will fly to the standard of
the law, and meet invasions of the public order
as his own personal concern." With this policy
on the pnit of the Government, and the spirit of
patriotism that now antmatea our citizens, in full
vigor, united America may bid defiance to a world
inarms, and should Providence continue to smile
upon our country, we may confidently anticipate
that the fieedom, the happiness, and theprospenty
which we now enjoy, will be as peipetual as the
lofty mountains that ciown our continent, or the
noble rivers that fertilize our plains.
[Note.—After the House had remained in ses-
sion twenty-five hours, without adjournment, the
bills were both ordered to their third reading,
without amendment ]
THE CHEROKEE TREATY.                     I
SPEECH OF HON. S. GRANTLAND,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House op Representatives,           i
June 29, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole, on Mr Adams'  motion to
stnke out the appropnauon, for carrjing into effect the
Cherokee treaty
Mr. GRANTLAND said: I do not rise to dis-
cuss the merits of this Cherokee tieaty, nor the
manner in which it was made. I shall not, sir,
inquire whether the whole Cherokee tribe, (for
natwu I will not call them,) or whether a majority,
or less than a majority, of that tribe gave their
assent to it; nor shall I consider it necessary to
show that this treaty has been made with more
than usual fairness, or that the agents of the Gov-
ernment, to effect an object not less beneficial to
the Indians themselves than it is to several of the
States, may not have used some of that address
and management which is commonly practiced
by diplomatists, and especially in the making of
Indian treaties But I cannot forbear to remark
that, of the almost numberless compacts made by
this Government with Indians for the cession of
their lands, all negotiated by commissioners ap-
pointed by the President, it very rarely happens
that objection to any of them is made, either in
the confirmation by the Senate, or in the appro-
priation of money to carry them into effect by
this House, unless it be with a tribe within the
limits of Georgia; and then, sir, there is always
doubt and difficulty and vexatious delay, if not
a charge of fraud. How does this happen ' Can
it be that gentlemen are willing to shut their eyes
and close their ears, and almost connive at frauds
upon Indians, when the land is acquired for the
benefit of all the States, and the especial conve-
nience of their own constituents, but are ever wide
awake, industrious, and vigilant to hunt out and
detect frauds, though none exist, when Indian
lands are contracted for, which, under the com-
pact of 1802, are for the benefit of Georgia alone'
It might be considered indecorous were I to assert
that this is the case; but every candid man must
admit the thing has a suspicious appearance.
Yes, sir, its aspect is more than suspicious—it
has an awful squinting' and need I say at what?
My purpose in addressing the committee is, as
I before stated, not to discuss this treaty; that,
sir, has been dono by one of mv colleagues, and
moie ably by far thin I could do it, and with i
clearness and soundness of reasoning that will
convince every member of this body, whose
mind is open to conviction, and I hope thr íe aie
but few, though some thiie may be, who will
not do us and themselves the justice of giving to
this question a fin and dispassionate consideia-
tion
It is sufficient for me that tins contract with
the Cherokees was made by that department of
the Government to which alone has been confided
by the Constitution the tieaty-malung povvei; it
wis concluded by commissioners of the United
States, duly authorized to treat with the Indi ins,
and has been appioved by the Executive, and
con filmed by the Senate. This is enough to
satisfy me, let those who doubt seek for new
lights, but I admonish them not to be led as tiny by
some jg-His/nfiitts, by plausible srjphistiy, oi mis-
placed philanthiopy The treaty will speak for
itself It give  the Cheiokees (besides an equal
quantity of better land west of the Mississippi)
about six millions of dollars for a country con-
taining eight or nine millions of acres, nine tenths
of which aie mountains Cut I again say that I
did not rise tn take part in the discussion of this
tieaty, but to repel the aspersions cast by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mi Wise] on the
"faith and Tiumamty of Geoigia " That honor-
able gentleman has thought proper, sir, to chaige
the State which has sent me heie, with bad jailh
in the observance of tieaties,and with inhumanity
to the Indians. These are grave charges, but I
deny, in the most emphatic manner, that the
honorable gentleman can sustain his assertions,
and I defy him to pioie that which he has so
rashly and unwarrantably said before this com-
mittee.
Now, I shall proceed to show that it is not
Georgia, but the General Government, that has
acted with bad faith in the observance of com-
pacts. It is known to you, Mr. Chauman, and
to every member of this committee, that in 1802,
Geoign made a compact with the United States,
by which the former ceded to the latter all her
lands extending fiom the Chattahoochee to the
Mississippi, and from the 31st to the 3oth degree
of north latitude, a territory of vast extent and
almost unrivaled fertility, out of which have
since been formed the flourishing States of Ala-
bama and Mississippi. What were the condi-
tions of that cession' One condition was the
payment to her by the United States of the sum
of $1,250,000, (out of the sale of her own lands,)
which is less than a fourth part of the amount to
be paid the Cherokees for their territory, which
is not a tithe in quantity, and is generally mount-
ainous and sterile. But the main inducement
with Georgia was to get possession of the In-
dian lands within her chartered limits. Has this ,
been done ' Could it have been done by the
United States, as agreed upon in her contract ,
with Geoigia' I ask, sir, that the Clerk may '
read the pieamble and the first and second ani-
eles of a treaty concluded by the United States
with the Cherokees in the year 1817, and also
part of a convention made with that tribe in
1819, which annuls or modifies the baigain of
1817, and makes one of a very different kind,
without the consent of Georgia, deeply as she
was concerned
[The Clerk here read from vol. 6, pages 702-4,
part of the treaty of 1817 alluded to, made with
I the Cherokees by Andrew Jackson, Joseph Mc-
I Minn, and David Meriwether—and the preamble
and boundaries of a treaty made with the chiefs I
of the same tribe, in 1819, by John C. Calhoun, I
Secretary of War.]                                                    i
I     Mr. GRANTLAND.    Now, Mr. Chairman,
I have shown, by the preamble to the treaty of
1817, which has just been read, that, so early as
I the yeai 1808, deputations from the upper and
lower Cheiokee towns, duly authorized by their |
i nation, went on to the city of Washington, the
i first named to declare to the President of the
United States their anxious desire to engage in
the pursuits of agriculture and civilized life, in
the country they then  occupied, and to make
known to the President the impracticability of ¡
inducing the nation at large to do this, and to i
request the establishment of a division line be-
tween the uppu and lowei towns, so as to include
the waters of the Hivvassee nvei to the uppur
town, that, by thus contracting their society
within nairow limits, tin y proposed to begin the
establishing of fixi d laws, and a regular govern-
ment the deputu s fiom the lower towns to make
known ihm desne to continue the hunter life,
and also the scucity of gime win re they then
lived, and, undei these cnctiinstanceb, then w ísh
to n move across tin Mississippi uvci, on some
vacant lands of the Unit  d States
Mr Chauman, I ask your pai tn ulai attention
and that of the committee, to the fact that the
Cherokees of the uppei towni, who desned to
become agricultmisls, vvcie almost exclusively
in Tennessee, Noith Carolina, and Alabama, that
those of the lowei towns, w ho u ished to continue
the hunter's life, and to emigrate, vveie in Geor-
gia The treaty of 1817 goes on to state that the
Cherokees wishing to emigiatc, did exploie the
country on the \ikansasand White livers, vv hich
they wire phased with, and had notified the Pies-
ldent of thin "anxious desue foi the full and com-
plete ratification of his promise " to give them
lands theie in exchange for those they held in
Georgia, and, foi tint purpose, the treaty of 1817
was mide Fortunate would it have b( en, sir, for
Geoigia, and foi the United States, if that treaty
had not been sot aside by the subsequent one of
1819 If the first contrict had been adheied to,
Geoigia would not now be unjustly charged, as
she has been, with bad faith and inhumanity, nor
would any complaint have been made by her
against the General Government for the non-per-
formance of the compact of 1802
The preamble to the treaty of 1819 states that
the greatei part of the Cheiokee nation had ex-
pressed an earnest desne to remain on this side
of the Mississippi. The United States, notwith-
standing her engagements to Geoigia,and without
consulting her, chose to gratify them And hence
all the difficulties with the Cherokees.
Now, I say boldly, without fear of contradic-
tion, that bad faith is notin this case imputable to
Georgia, but to the United States, for failing to
carry into effect the compact of 1802
I shall now proceed to notice the gentleman's
charge of inhumanity towards the Indians, and
here, sn, I shall not find it necessary to refer to
documents to prove what I say, though your
library furnishes, as I am told, abundant evidence
on this point History, and the information of
every gentleman of this body, will establish the
fict that, whatever may have been the legislation
of Georgia in íegaid to these people, (and I can-
didly admit I have not always approved of it,)
she has no cause to apprehend anything from a
comparison between her and her sister States
in the treatment of Indians The best evidence
in our favor is, that while the Indians in Georgia
have increased in number, in most of the States
they have diminished, and in some are extinct
Does it become the gentleman from Vnginia to
talk about humanity to Indians, to rail against
what he may consider then oppression by other
States' I ask that gentleman, what has become
of the Indians who were once the sole occupants
of all the lands in his own State ' Wheie are the
Pamunkies, the Nansemonds, and the Appomat-
toxes, the Rappahannocks, the Chickahominees,
and the giganti; Susquehannocks ' Where aro
they, sir' I put the question, Mr Chairman, not
to you, but to the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia. Are theynotextinct,annihilated,orduven
to the wilds of the far West' I can assure the
gentleman from Virginia that I have nounfuendly
feeling to his State, it is my native land, and I
feelfontmuch affection—peihaps nearly as much
as he does; but much as I love Virginia, I love
Georgia still more.
The gentleman from Virginia made one remark
in regard to my State which I was particularly
sorry to hear from Aim. He said that Georgia,
for persisting to execute her laws in regard to the
Indians, and for refusing to obey the mandates of
the Supreme Court, ought to have been " whipped
into obedience" by the General Government.
Whipped into obedience ' Is that the honorable
gentleman's State-rights doctrine' I am sure it
is not held to be orthodox doctrine by his State.
