676
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Briggs.
Ho. of Reps.
Sit, 1 hope to God that I may not live to see the
dav,and that my children's children may not live
to "see it, when it shall he deemed necessary to
" irhip iitj obedience'' any State for the assertion
of her i iirhts. Eat, as some of the generals sent
to the S.itith have been tluiught rather slow in
their movements, it is my wish (should it be
deem  d expedient to send one there on such an
errand as this) that the eentleman from Virginia
be selected to perform this operation of vhipj.ing
into obedience. I promise him that lie will find a
iruHii reeeoaon, and be happy if permitted to
retrace his steps.
As so much has been said against Georgia, it
may not be deemed obtrusive or irrelevant if I
should sav something in her favor; and, sir, with
your permission and that of the-committee, I will
briefly recapitulate a part of what she has done
for herself and for tins Union. She fought by
the side of her sisters, and as valiantly as any of
them, to achieve the liberty of this country. Her
Chirks and her Jaeksons, her Mclntoshes and
her Twigges, are known in the history of the
revolutionary war, as are the Cummings, the
A''pli;i!rs, the Flovds, and the Newuans in that
of the late war. While menaced hv the Indians
on her extensile frontier and the Britons on her
sea-coast, Georgia sent a considerable army to
defend the then infant Territory of Alabama,
(bone of our bone and liesh of our flesh,) which
had been invaded by the enemy. When the In-
dian war broke out recently in Florida, our vol-
unteers rushed to the standard of their country,
as they have in the war with the Creeks. The
bravery of Captain Garmany and of his officers
and men, and Captain Home and his small de-
tachment, when assailed by numbers greatly su-
perior, is worthy of all piaise.
But I can name circumstances to show that in
devotion to this Union, in public spirit and gen-
uine patriotism,Georgia is not behind any of her
sister States.
At a most critical period of the late war with
Great Britain, when several of the southern States
had been invaded; after this Capitol had been
laid in ashes, when your Treasury was empty,
vour credit tottering, and national bankruptcy
was staring us in the face; when your Treasury
notes, which bore interest, were spurned as trash,
and a. preference over them given to notes of
banks in fhis District, these last being at a dis-
count of twenty percent.; at this gloomy time,
when your Government could not furnish a dol-
lar to the contractor or quartermaster of your
Army—at this crisis in your affairs, what did
not Georgia do ? Sir, she poured outlier treasury
for the defense of the country; she furnished
money tofeed your soldiers, and to procure forage
and transportation. She did more, sir. Her
patriotic Governor, Peter Ear'y, (whose memory '
should be held dear by all Americans, and is re- ,
vered by every Georgian,) pledged the faith of
the State, and his own private fortune, to get
loans from the banks for the use of the United
States. This came within my own knowledge; l
and I doubt whether the interest paid by Georgia
on loans thus obtained for the United States has
yet been repaid to her. I know that it was, while
General Mitchell was Governor of Georgia, and
Mr. Rush Secretary of the Treasui y, applied for
and refused, on the ground that the Government
never paid interest!
Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee for their
patience and attention. I did not intend to have
spoken on this occasion, and should not, but fo-r
the attack made upon my State by the gentleman
from Virginia. Her character I icill defend here
and elsewhere.
PUOCEEDS OF THE riTBLfC LANDS.
REMARKS OF HON. G. N. BRIGGS,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 11,1836,
On the motion to commit the bill to distribute the proceeds
of the sales of the Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGGS said, he understood there were
three propositions before the House—one to com-
mit this bill to the Committee of the Whole House
on the State of the Union, one to refer it to the
Committee on Public Lands, and the third to refer
it to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
debate of this preliminary qacstion was taking a
very wide range, involving the meiits of the most
important and interesting subjects of disposing
of the proceeds of the public domain; but he
would endeavor, as far as possible, to confine the
few remarks he had to make to the immediate
question before the House. If (said Mr B.)the
bill is to be referred to any one of the standing
committees of the House, it should go to the
Committee on Public Lands. If a reference is
necessary and proper, that, in my opinion, is its
appropriate destination.
By the rules of the House that committee are
to take into consideration all subjects relating to
the public lands. The bill before the House pro-
poses to dispose of the proceeds of the public
lands, and naturally involves all the great and
interesting questions connected therewith. The
history of this bill in both Houses of Congress
for the last four or five years sustains this view
of the subject.
It is true that, on the first introduction of the
subject into the other branch of the Legislature,
it was, for reasons which need not now be named,
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
That reference was an extraordinary one. That
committee reported a bill in all essential respects
the same as the one now before this House. But
after it was reported to the Senate, it was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands, be-
cause it was argued that that was the committee
to which it appropriately belonged. The subject
has been under discussion in that body nearly,
or quite every session since its first introduction,
and I think has uniformly been before that com-
mittee. I believe, on a reference to the Journals
of this House, it will be found that when referred
at all, it has taken the same course. The nature
of the subject has not changed, and it seems
somewhat strange that, after the practice of both
Houses for a course of years has confirmed the
jurisdiction of the Committee on Public Lands,
an attempt should now he made to send it to the
Committee of Ways and Means. It has never
before occurred to either the friends or opposers
of the bill that it belonged to that committee.
Believing that it does not belong to that commit-
tee, and that this House will not depart from the
established and uniform practice of both branches
of Congress upon this identical bill,l will not take
up the time of the House in further discussing
the motion to send it there.
I shall vote to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.    There
are no facts to  be elicited, and no new and im-
portant principles to be examined and discussed,
which  render it necessary for it to be committed
to the scrutiny and consideration of any commit-
tee.    The preliminary action of committees has
so often been had upon it, that the House is now
as well prepared to proceed to the discussion of
its merits as it would  be  after it should again
have been under the notice of a committee.    All
¡ the reports which have hern made, covering the
whole giound for and against it, are at our com-
I mand.    It has  passed  the other branch  of the
; Legislature several times, and once received the
i sanction'of a large majority of this House.   The
¡ whole subject has been before the country, and
occupied a large share of the public attention for
years.    These reasons bring me to the conclu-
sion that its reference is not at this time neces-
sary.
I     The Committee on Public Lands of this House
i have had  under their consideration   this whole
, subject during the present session.    Some time
back they reported a bill to graduate the price of
the public lands.    That bill is now in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The two subjects are somewhat, and many gen-
tlemen considerintiraately connected, ltis proper
that they should be kept together.    By sending
this bill to the same committee, if it should be
thought wise and just to unite any of the pro-
visions of the two, both would be under our con-
trol, and it could be dppe. I .vote for this course
also, because it will insure a more speedy action
upon the subject. Should it go to either of the
committees named, it must take its chance with
the mass of other business now before them, and
no mortal man can tell when we should see it or
hear from it again. Sir, this is a bill of absorb-
ing interest, and one upon which the public mind
is intensely fixed. As soon as the bills now be-
fore the House, which demand our immediate
attention, shall be disposed of, it should be taken
up for discussion and action. If it goes to the
same committee to which has been committed the
graduation bill reported by my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Casey,] the friends of both will unite
in promptly calling them up. These, sir, are
some of the considerations which will govern my
vote on this question of reference. To me they
are sufficient, and I hope they will have their
proper influence upon others. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Gillet] says that we
ought not hastily to dispose of the public money
in the Treasury; but tells us that the subject
should be sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and we should wait until informed by
them what will be the drafts upon the Treasury,
by the appropriations which have been or which
may be made. He tells us that there are different
opinions as to the amount of money now on hand,
and thinks it necessary for us to be informed on
this part of the subject by a report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Ajeans. He has enumerated
a great number of objects for which he says large
appropriations will be required. How wonder-
fully things have changed in this House in the
course of one short year ! At the last session of
Congress the public revenue was guarded at every
point. We had at the head of the Committee of
Ways and Means a chairman who scanned the
various objects embwiced in the appropriation
bills with the most commendable scrutiny. If
any amendments were proposed, increasing the
expenditures, he was.always found at his post,
the sleepless sentinel of the Treasury,and ready
to resist the appropriation of every dollar not
imperiously demanded by the public interest.
Now, the great concern is how to multiply the
objects of expenditure. The money of the people
is to be poured out by millions in unguarded ap-
propriations, instead of being distributed among
the States, that it may be returned to the pos-
session of its rightful owners.
The gentleman asks if members of this House
are not willing to vote money for the defense of
the country ? The defense of the country ! the pt*6-
lic defense! This term has all at once become
the watchword of patriotism with certain gen-
tlemen on this floor. What do gentlemen mean
: by the defense of the country ? Our great cities
and public works on the Atlantic coast are cer-
tainly as well fortified and protected as they were
some six or seven years ago, when our Chief
Magistrate in two successive messages recom-
mended the distribution of the surplus revenue
among the States, according to theirfederal num-
bers, after the public debt should be paid. From
that time to this no notes of alarm have been
sounded, calling for heavy sums of money for
the defense of the country. 1 am as ready as
any gentleman here to vote large and liberal sums
for aíl the important purposes of national strength
and security. And when all the appropriations
which the condition of the country calls forupon
these objects are made, there will be left in the
Treasury an amount amply sufficient to meet the
provis oiis of this bill. I will not give my voice
in favor of one dollar appropriation for any ob-
ject beyond the amount that can in all reasonable
probability be expended. Such an appropriation
is deceptive, inasmuch as it purports to be a
draft upon the revenue for its nominal amount,
whilst so much only as is actually expended is
required for the public service, and the balance
remains in the deposit banks, where it now is,
being transferred on their books from a credit to
the Treasury to the credit of some disbursing
officer. Since I have had the honor of a seat
upon this floor, the Journals of the House will
show that I have not been reluctant in giving my
. support to expenditures of money for the defense
i of the country. I am most willing, sir, to corn-
il pare votes wiii  those wko now talk loudest and
