1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
longest about the ptiblic defense in this Hall. It
niio'ht not be altogether unprofitable for the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Gillet] to recur
to the record of his own votes upon these sub-
jects at the last session of Congress. If I am not
very much mistaken, the gentleman will find
that on the successive propositions to amend the
fortification bill, by increasing the sums for forti-
fications in the harbors of Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Pensacola, my vote,
and the votes of those with whom I usually act,
are in favor of those amendments, whilst his
own, the mass of the majority with which he
acts, are against them. líe, with that majority,
defeated them, though some of them, at least,
were recommended by committees of this House,
and by the proper officers in the Departments.
But thatzeal forthe defense of the country which
now animates the hearts of gentlemen was not
then kindled.
. My mind has undergone no change on these
subjects since that time. I am now prepared to
carry out, to the most liberal extent, the princi-
ples by which I was then governed. The gentle-
man desires information from the Committee of
Ways and Means as to the amount of money now
in the Treasury, and as to what will probably be
received during the current year. If he will take
the trouble to examine (if he has not already done
so) the various documents which have been printed
and laid on our tables, from the Treasury Depart-
ment, I think he will find information sufficient to
enable him to act on the bill now before us when
it shall be taken up. The amount of money in
the deposit banks, as it appears by the statement
of the Secretary of the Treasury of the 25th April,
was about $37,000,000. The receipts from" the
public lands and the customs, for the last three
quarters of the year, may be safely estimated
at $25,000,000. The Government stock in the
Bank of the United States is worth $8,000,000.
These three sums give the enormous aggregate of
$70,000,000. Can the ingenuity of man devise
means sufficiently extravagant and wasteful to
dissipate, in the course of one year, this mass of
public treasure? Does not the condition of the
country, does not justice, does not the voice of
public opinion, sternly demand some such meas-
ure as that proposed by the bill upon your table,
for the restoration to the people of the country,
to be used in the business of the country, of that
portion of these millions of their money which is
not wanted for the public service? One of the
mammoth projects designed to swallow up the
surplus revenue is the appropriation of about
seven million dollars to the various railroad cor-
porations of the country, for services to be here-
after performed in the transportation of the mails.
These services, to be performed from this day
forward to the end of time, are to be paid for in
advance. Heretofore, the private contractors with
the Government for carrying the mails have
thought themselves well off if they could get their
pay after they had performed the services. But
now, sir, to prevent the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public domain among the States of
this Union, forthe use and benefit of all the people
of the Union, we must advance to railroad cor-
porations six or seven million dollars, to pay for
services not to be performed until after the pres-
ent generation of men shall have passed from the
earth. Atan early period of this session, these
same railroad companies were held up and spoken
of in high places as odious monopolies, ready to
take advantase of the Government by extorting
unwarrantable sums for the transportation of the
mails. How complacently will these " soulless
monsters" now contemplate this proposition to
pour out to them these millions of the public
money for the performance of future services.
1 beg pardon for having rambled a little from
the direct question in noticing some of the rea-
sons which have been urged for referring this bill
to the Committee of Ways and Means. I hope
the House will keep it within their own control,
by committing it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where it will be by the
side of its kindred bill already in that committee,
and where, I trust, the public expectation will be
met by taking it up and acting upon it at the ear-
liest possible moment that the state of business
before the House will permit.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
REMARKS OF HON. M. MORRIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
May 12, 183G,
On the motion to commit the bill to distribute the proceeds
of the sales of Public Lands.
Mr. MORRIS said he doubted whether all that
he had to say upon this question was worth the
pains which he had taken to obtain the floor for
the purpose of expressing it; but not knowing
whether he should again have the opportunity of
occupying the floor, he was glad of the present
ocasión, and he should use it in offering his opin-
ion upon the present question of reference. He
scarcely thought, if the bill should ever come to
be acted upon in the House, that he should ask
their attention to any remarks of his upon its
merits. It was a subject with which the people
were already generally acquainted; it had received
the consideration of the public; it had been dis-
cussed in the public papers and official communi-
cations, and probably all the light of which it was
susceptible had been shed upon it by the able
arguments of gentlemen in this or the other branch
of Congress. He should confine himself in his
present remarks to the questions immediately
under consideration; he should not follow the
example (whether proper for imitation or not, he
could not say) of taking the wide range into topics
which he conceived to be foreign from the ques-
tion on hand. Besides, he had listened to the
remarks of gentlemen upon this floor, whose ex-
perience here enabled them to present all the views [
of the subject, and their arguments, as he believed,
being more important upon the merits than his
own. He thought he should not take up the
time, to the exclusion of all others who may wish
to speak, so near as he hoped the present was to
the close of the session.
He was more anxious to take the present occa-
sion to express an opinion, in discharge of his
duty, from the fact that the people of the State I
which ho in part represented, and especially the
immediate district from which he came, fcltthem-
selves deeply interested in the fate of this bill.
The Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania had
repeatedly, at different sessions, and more recently
at the session of the last winter, expressed their
sentiments upon this subject-matter of the bill in
the following manner.
a Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General Jisiemhly
met, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to u^e their influence to procure
the passage of a law to distribute the proceeds arising, or
which may have arisen, from the sate of the public lands,
amongst the several States, in proportion to the number of
members from eacii State in the House of Representatives
of the United States."
It was in accordance with these sentiments, re-
peatedly expressed, and with these strong recom-
mendations of the Legislature at its late session,
as well as in conformity with his own opinions
and feelings, that, in the language of the resolu-
tion, he would at the present time " use his in-
fluence"to obtain for this bill such a reference as j
would be most likely to insure an expression of*1
this House upon it, rather than that it should be
left to sleep or expire with the session.
i     It is proposed to refer this bill making appro-
I priations of the surplus proceeds of the public
1 lands to one of the three committees—either to the I
! Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, or to the Committee of Ways and Means,
or to the Committee on Public Lands; in either
of which committees I mean not to say but it
would receive the attention and deliberation which j
its merits demand. The question is then presented |
whether a reference to either of the standing com-
mittees of this House would afford the means of
more prompt and speedy action, or whether the
immediate reference   to   the   Committee  of  the
Whole would not place the subject in a state as
favorable for legislation as if the more formal and
slow method be adopted.
I suppose it may be assumed as a position in-
controvertible, that there is no gentleman in this
Hall but what, other things being equal, would |
say his object and purpose is to give such a direc-
tion to this and ail other subjects as would best
promote and facilitate the" concurrent action of
both branches of Congress; that, if the subject
has merits, it should be so disposed of us to be
acted upon and passed. If, then, this be the case,
unless good and sufficient reasons can bo advanced
for first referring this matter to a standing com-
mittee, I hope ii will go immediately and at once
to the Committee of the Whole, both fnr despatch
and effective legislation. It has been said that if
itbereferiedtotheComtnit'eeon the Public Lands,
they may make such suggestions and alterations
in the proposed bill as may m"et both the wishes
of the fiicnds of this bill and of the hill for gradu-
ating the prices of the public lands. It is true there
may be modifications proposed in the committee,
but the same may be proposed, deliberated upon,
and discussed, in the Committee of the Whole;
n<5r can it be supposed, if such alteration should
be made in the standing committee, that that cir-
cumstance would prevent or foreclose alterations,
propositions, and debate in the Committee of the
Whole. If he understood the true purpose and
use of standing committees, it was to take into
consideration memorials, resolutions, and matters
connected with them in their incidental stage, or
bills, if their recent introduction and novelty ren-
der it expedient; so that, having them before them,
and all the facts, which may be numerous and
diversified, and with which it is not presumed the
House are acquainted, they (the standing com-
mittees) may give such a condensed form to the
subject, with their recommendations, as to place
it intelligibly before the House, and enable it to
make such final dispositions of the matter as they
may think it right and proper to do.
•Objections have been raised to the reference of
this bill upon the ground that the appropriation
bills should first be acted on and passed before
this is taken up, in order that it may be known
whether there will be any surplus in the Treasury
to be distributed. Whatever weight there may
be in that objection it is met and answered, in
great part, by the operation of the special order
of January last, giving precedence to the appro-
priation bills over others. I presume they will
first be called up and disposed of before this bill
could be passed. But if it is meant to be con-
tended that this bill shall not be reported by a
standing committee until all the appropriation
bills are finally acted upon by this House and
the Senate, and shall receive the sanction of the
Executive, then the consequence is apparent and
inevitable that this bill is not to be reported by
the standing committee; or, if so, it will be so
late in the session as to render it impracticable to
give to it that consideration which it deserves,
and to place it in a situation that it is not proba-
ble it could receive the legislative action of Con-
gress during this session. So that it appears to
me, whatever weight the argument in favor of
waiting for this purpose may otherwise have, it
is removed by the position in which the business
of the House is placed by antecedent rules, and
by the fact that it is a virtual denial of the con-
sideration of the bill.
This bill has already passed the Senate of the
United States; and although I mean not to say
that it is not the duty of this House to examine
this and all other bills that are sent here, I hold
it to be the incumbent duty of the House, and of
every member, to examine and judge for himself
of the propriety of every measure; yet it did
strike me, whether correctly or not 1 leave for
others to say, as I have not heard the argument
I used, that after the subject had received so much
of the public attention; after it had occupied so
much of the consideration of the Senate, where
this bill has been for between four and five
I months, and oí the members of this House, (for
l it is within the recollection of everyone, that
during the discussion there, for a part of the time
at least, such was the intense anxiety of mem-
bers, that it was difficult to keep a quorum here
to transact the current business which was then
on hand;) after all this, I submit to the considera-
tion of gentlemen whether the comity to be shown
by one coordinate branch of the Legislature to
another, and the respect which is due to the labor
bestowed by the Senate, and the time occupied
there, would not dictate such a course in the dis-
