1836.]
APPENDIX TO TflE CÓNbRESSlOlVAL GLOBE.
681
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
watchman walketh about in vain." " Holy
Father, keep through thine own name those thou
hast given me, that they may be one aa we are.
While I was with them "in the world, I kept them
in thy name. All thou gavest me I have kept,
and none of them is lost but the sons of perdi-
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
tion." " Hold fast thejorm of soundwoi ds which
thou hast heard from me, in faith and love,
■which is in JesusChnst. Thatg-ood thing which
was committed unto thee, keep by the Holy
Ghost." So, in the catechism of the Piotestant
Episcopal Chuich, the child is taught, as a part
of his duty to his neighbor, " to keep his hnnds
from picking and stealing, and his tongue fiom
evil-speakmg, lying and slandeimg." No one
would be willing that his children should be
taught that they are not bound to keep themselves
steadily in the practice of honesty, truth, and
charity throughout their lives, and under all
temptations, that they may cast them off when-
ever it may suit their convenience oi gratify then
passions One moieinstance, taken from Locke:
" If we would weigh and keep in our minds what
we are considering, that would instruct when we
should or should not branch into distinctions "
Our business is to ascertain the meaning of the
phrase used in the Constitution, which expressly
requires us to keep a journal of oxn proceedings.
Gentlemen siy this only requnes us tomare a
^ournal, and to print and publish it, but not after
laving made and published it, to pieseive it also.
To give even a plausible color to this constiuc-
tion, gentlemen should at least have «hown that
there can be no possible use in preseiving the
original manuscnpt journal aftei the publication
of the punted copies. But this they have not
attempted, nor (apparently) even thought of. J
say that to ketp a journal means to m-ke one, and
to preseir* the very journal made, and I have
shown the reason, the use, the necessity, for
doing so.
For the meaning of the phrase, in common
speech, wfi may safely confide in Johnson. .J
journal is "an accounHf/if of daily transactions *'
And the example is extiacted fiom Hay waid on
Edward VI.—"Edwaid kept a most judicious
journal of all the principal passages of the nffans
of his estate." If that piecocious Punce only
made, and took no care topreseirehisjoumal, how
came Hayward to know that he made one, and a
mo'i jxuhcious one'
The technical parliamentary meaning of the
phrase is ascertainable without difficuty, and be-
yond all doubt. The kindred phiases—to keep
the rolls, to keep the records, keeper of the lolls,
keeper of the records—all imply the duty of most
careful preservation. But I find a conclusive au-
thority in a passage of the punted sp< ech of the
gentleman from Missouri himself '"The cleik
of the English House of Commons was the keeper
of the journal, and he took an oath to male tiue
entries, umembran''es, and journals of the things
done and passed in the House of Commons. As
far back as 1641, the cteik was moved against foi
suffering his journali, oi papers committed to his
trust, to be taken by membeis ol the House fiom
the table, and it was deeldied that the cleik, who
is the sworn officer, and mti usted with the entries
and the custody of the records of the House, ought
not to suffer any journal or íecoid to bt taken
from the table or out of his custody; and if he shall
hereafter do it, after this warning, that at his
peril he shall do it." This account is truly taken
fiom Hatsell: and it proves, clearly, that the duty
of keeping the journal, imposed on the clerk, was
the duty both of making up the journal faithfully
and truly, and of preset vmg the journal so made,
carefully, in his own custody. And Hatsell else-
where informs us, that in January, 166J, upon
information given to the Commons, "that the
clerk of the Lords' House permitted the oi iginal
mils of acts of Parliament to be cdiri^d to the
nrinter, and that they weie ripped in pieces, and
blotted and abused, and in danger of being embez-
zled or alteied, it was ordered that a message be
sent to the Lords to desue them to. give oiders
that these rolls may be kept in the office, and not
delivered to the printer, but that ti ue copies, fan ly
written and examined and attested, may be de-
livered to him." I kpow not what has been the
practice here, rn this particular; but 1 hope our
rolls are never sent to the pfiuter. I presume our
i acts are printed from the engrossed bills, from I
which the enrollments have been pi eviousl y made.
My honoiable colleague says that the constitu-
tional lequision to keep a journal of om proceedings
is mere matter of inducement to the requisition
immediately following in the same sentence, to
publish the same fiom time to time, so that we are
bound to keep, only for the purpose of publishing,
and when we have published our whole duty is
fulfilled Indeed! He finds two positive injunc-
tions in the Constitution lespecung the same
thing, and thinks he may absolve himself fiom
the obligation of the fiibt by complying with the-
last' This is a novel specimen ot" that kind of
ingenuity by which constitutions and laws have
been mad< to mean anything,everything, nothing.
The veibal criticism into which I havecnteied
may have appeared to some gentlemen tnvial, and
to many superfluous; but I hope it wi'l be icmem-
beiedthatl have emend into it only for tin pul-
póse of exposing the fallacy of othi r veibal cut-
ícisms, by which the plain meaning of the plain
words of the Constitution has been obfuscated,
and the duty it imposes sought to be avoided. If
I have ascertained the true meanins: of the con-
stitutional provision that " each House shall keep
( ajournal of its proceedings." if that requnes us
to make andpreseivea journal —a fan and full,not
a false journal, garbled, mutilated, or defaced;
and if the original manuscnpt be the joitinnl, the
question, ote would think, is at an end. But .in;
precedents have been bi ought to bcai upon the
subject—foicid, indeed, into the seivioe—the au-
thouty of which, it is supposed, will outweigh
the conclusions of reason.
The pieeedents of expunging entries fiom the
journals of enher House of the English Paiha-
ment can, by no violence, bo made applicable to
the pui pose. The journals of the two Houses of
Parltamentare keptin puisuance of a simple order
of each House; and in the expunging of any
entry fiom the joui nal of Either, the House merely
disregaids its own order, winch, as it was oi-
dained by its own seveial authpnty, may, by its
I seveial authority, too, be suspended,avoidtd,or
contiavened at its discietion. Th,e duty of the
two Houses of Congrí ss to keep a join nal of
I their pioee< dings, is imposed by the Constitution;
I by the sovereign amhoiiiy, whose commands
neithei branch of tho Legislatuie, nor the whole
Legislatuie, is competent to annul or dispense
with The i ules, ordeis, and usages, by which
each House of the Buti&h Pailiqment governs
itself, aie not law, in the absolute sense of the
word, much less constitutional law. But the lules
prescnbed to the two Houses of Congrí ss by the
Constitution aie pa it of (what Bacon justly and
happily calls) the leges legum—the laws by which
the Legislatuie itself, anil the laws it naakis, aie
governed, controlled, and limited Mi Jcfftison
says, in the pn face to lns> Manual, that " ihe
law of proceedings, in the S< mite is compostd of
the pieeepts of the Con^uiiUion, the n gulatwns
of the Senate, and, irliere these aie iilent, of the
íules of Pailiaim nt," and this is citid as a wai-
ldlit fur appealing to parliann ntui y pieeedents,
on a point w-heie the Constitution ii not silent !
—wheie its piecept is expiess, plain, and pos-
itive '
It is tiue that,in the theory and pia,ctice of tho
Biitish Governmint, the Pailiament 3s omnipo-
tent: the constitution itself may be ptiangid by
the acts of thiee estates, King, Loid , and Com,
1 mons concumng. And gentlemen think they
found an act of Pailiament wheieby the House
of Commons is required to keep a journal of its
pioctedings, and thence they*infer that the pre-
cedents of expunging entues fiom its journal by
order of the House are an authoi Uv for us to
expunge an entry trom our murral. The statute
theyaííude to is that of 6 Heiuy VlII.,chapter]6,
which lecites that many membeis ot the House
of Commons left their places before the end of
the session, and that nnuiy gieat and weighty
matteis were usually enacteil ot the end ot the
session; and, therefore, enacts that " no member
, shall depaitwithoutlieenaetobe enured of íecoid
in the book of the Pailiament, appointed, or to be
I appointed, foi tho Commons House," upon jiain
of fot felting his wages, payable by his countiy,
(Sc. Now, it is plain that it was only these
leaves of absence that were lequned by the statute
to be recorded m the journal, and the entues of
tiiem were in the nature of a íecoid, (in the legal
signification of the word,) since they contained
conclusive evidence of private light—the ri^ht,
namely, of the member absent on leave to Ins
wages. I ask gentlemen whether they really
think that it would have been competent to the
House of Commons to have expunged from its
journal the íecoid of a leave of absence gianted,
which it was lequned by statute to enter, and,
by so expunging, to have inflicted an ex post ficto
forfeituie of his wages on the rnembei to whom
the leave of absence had been given > These
leaves of absence aie the only proceedings ever
reqnirtd by any "statute to be enteied on the jour-
nal of the Commons: and these, obviously,they
could not, without a plain violation of right, have
expunged fiom the journal. That the requisi-
tion of the statute was confined to that particular
pioceeding—that the Commons themselves did
not íegaid it as leqmring them to keep* geneial
journal «J its pioceedmgs—is absolutely certain.
Foi Hume says it was not till the reign of Jamea
I., namely, in July, 1607, that an older was en-
tered by the Commons, Jor the first time, for the
legular keeping of thru journals; and we leairt
fiom Hatsill, that this oider was íepealed in
May, 1621, by a iceolution of the Commons 
that "all their pioceedinsrs should be enteied
thcie, and kipt as records;" that is, as I under-
hand it, not that all tl^eii proceedings weie mat-
teis of iccord, m the legal meaning of the phrase,
but only that their journals should be kept, in the
way lecoids are k< pt.
Not to pass ovi i without notice other authori-
ties referud to by gentlemen to show that ihe
duty of the twolloutes of ihe British Parliament
to keep journals of then pioceedings rests on a
like foundation with our duty to keep a journal
of oui piocei dings, I havo to tell the Senate that
the passage in H.usell left  red to by my honor-
able colleague (3 Hatsell, 28, 29) only states that,
ui Mdr<-h, )6U(>, the Commons insisted that the it
House was a cowl, while, nt the same time, they
hive always denied tba| thfir journals weie pub-
lic recoul . The Loidsdeined that the Commons
were a court. The Commons ii feritd to thestat-1
uteof C Hem v VIII .chapter 1C, requiring leavt 
of absence to be enteied oj itcoxi in their journal,
by way of aigument to suppott their claim; bui
tht point was left, and yet remains, undecided.
Hatsell fuithei infoims us that the great lawyeis
of thosp times entertained different opniwns on
the question, that Coke earnestly maintained that
the Commons wi ic a court of íecoid; but it ap-
peals fiom 4 Inst , 23,24, iofi rred to by the gen-
til in ui fiom Missomi, that Coke only held that
the Commons aie a court of record in cases where
they act judicially.
And iiow,rii, I icpcnt wuh pctfect confidence,
that, as the kti |iing of the journals of the twu
Houses of the Biitish P.n liament is required only
bv the oideisofeach House, made by itself,and
tot itself.seveiiilly, mi pn cedents of eilherHouse,
di*|^ using with oi contiavening its own order ,
by t xpunging any pait of its journal, «an be any
authoiitv or any aj ology to us, who «re «om-
mandi d by the Constuution to keep a journal of
our pioceedings, foi expunging any pai' of our
journal Thpsime íensoningapplies wilh«qual
foice to avoitl the authouty of any precedent of
PUpunction ordeied by any Colonial or State
Legislature in our own country, befor* or since
the Revolution, whose journals have been kept
in virtue nt its own oiders,and not in pursuance
of any constitutional piovision.
But the precedents of expunging in the British
Parhami nt, that have been bi ought to the notice
pf the Senate by my calk ague, aw> so pregnant
with instruction on other topics of this- debate
that they cannot be passed over without particu*
lar consideration. Really, sir, one that did not
know better, might have been apt to imagine that
they were collected and referred to for the pur-i
pose of confuting some of the leading arguments
of the gentleman from Missouri, for they are mors
apposite to that purpose than to any other.
The first instance he mentioned was that whic i
occurred in the memorable proceedings of Par-
liament in the case of ship-money, during the
reign of Charles I The account in gave ot the
tiausaction was so different from my recollection
