688
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard..
[January 25,
Senate.
General, in oidor to make up the deficiency in the means
ol" can-vine on the business of the Vo*t Office Dcpartm-nt,
without authority g'vcti by any law of Congress : and that
as Conjrres-i alone "possesses the power to borrow money on
Ihe credit of the United States, ail s-uch contracts lor loans
by the Postmaster General are illegal and void."
This was at least as strong a condemnation of
the conductof tne Postmaster General as the res-
olution concerning the conduct of the President
ill relation to the public revenue contained. I
should certainly have voted for it myself had I
been in my place at the time, because the propo-
sition it asserted was true in fact, and just in law;
but in giving that vote, I should not have been
influenced by any opinion that the illegal con-
duct of i tie Postmaster General was imputable to
criminal motives and designs. Enough had ap-
peared to satisfy ray mind that the grossest
abuses and corruption had crept into the admin-
istration of the Department; enough to convince
roe that Mr. Barry was wholly unfit for his office;
but the very circumstance of his unfitness, and
much more besides, that came to my knowledge,
inclined me to take a charitable view of his con-
duct and character; and I more than once pub-
licly intimated tiiis sentiment. And now that
he has gone to his grave, I find a real pleasure in
saying that I saw no evidence to implicate him
in any intentional guilt. The resolution con-
cerning his conduct was adopted by the unan-
imous votes of the Senators present. It is man-
ifestly upon its face liable to exactly the same
objection now made to the resolution of March,
1634; namely, that it imported a criminal charge
against the Postmaster General, a« impeachable
officer; and, therefore, it was not within the com-
petency of the Senate in its legislative capacity
to isttcrtamand act upon it. The gentleman from
Missouri voted for ii; and to avoid the charge of
inconsistency, he now tells us that " the pro-
ceeding against Mr. Barry was objected to, and
that in the first stages of it, upon the same ,
grounds on which we now stand in the case of i
the President," (and of this lie adduces proof,)
" and the vote which was given by me and my
friends, was a vote forced on us by a majority of
the Senate, and, being so forced upon us, was
given, as we believed, according to the truth and
the fact. I well recollect the vote, and the con-
versation among us to which it gave rise. Some
thought we should vote against it on the ground
that the proceeding was unconstitutional, and
that a vote in its favor would commit us on that
point; others, of whom I was one, objected to
the negative vote, because it would be against
evidence, and would subject us to the imputation
of voting as partisans and notas Senators, and
because a negative vote admitted the jurisdiction just
as muck as an affirmative one."
Now, I ask, if a negative vote admitted the
jurisdiction just as much as an affirmative one, in
Air. Barry's case, how is it that the negative vote :
which the gentleman gave in the President's case
liad no effect to admit the jurisdiction of the Sen-
ate to entertain and pass the resolution of March,
1834? But this may be thought an argumentum
adkominem, which is never quite fair. 1 am afraid
myself that it is not fair; because, though this is
one reason which the gentleman assigns for his
course, it is not the only reason; and because he
has vindicated his general consistency in relation
to this question, by showing that he maintained
the same opinion he now contends for in Febru-
ary, 1631. Í did not myself perceive the incon-
sistency between the vote against the resolution
of the 28th March, 1834, and the vote for that of
the 27th June, until it was pointed out to me; and
my impression was, that it might be accounted
for by the hurry of business when the last vote
was given, and the little importance of the subject
of that vote, compared with the vast importance
of the subject of the first; so that the principle
involved escaped attention when the last resolu-
tion was adopted. The only question at all mate-
rial is, whether the opinion the gentleman now
advances concerning Mr. Barry's case, is right or
wrong? I have no wish or care to convict the
gentleman of inconsistency, nor was that my pur-
pose in adverting to this topic. My purpose lies
much deeper. I pray the Senate to observe that (
it is now admitted, nay, contended, that the same j
orinciple which should interdict the Senate, in its i
«egislative capacity, from examining and deterni-1
ining on the constitutionality of the acts of every
impeachable executive officer; and then all the
consequences follow: the unconstitutional acts of
all executive officers can only be examined by the
House of Representatives, in its judicial charac-
ter, as the grand inquest of the nation; can only
be examined by the Senate, in its judicial charac-
ter, as a court of impeachment; can never be cor-
rected by legislative action, until the impeachment
is determined; cannot be corrected even then, if
the Senate, convinced of the innocence of the ac-
cused of all criminal motive and intent, should be
itself bound in conscience to acquit him of guilt;
and meantime the unconstitutional measure will
have been in full operation. And thus, this pro-
cess of expunction will have the effect of estab-
lishing a principle vitally affecting the competency
of the two Houses of Congress in their legislative
character; and a principle that will protect not
only the unconstitutional acts of the President,
but those of all his subordinate executive officers,
from legislative inquiry, examination, counterac-
tion, and correction!
I shall not now enler upon a discussion of the
question, whether it was true,in point of fact and
in point of law, as the resolution of March, 1834,
declared, that the President's proceedings therein
referred to were illegal and unconstitutional; be-
cause, supposing that declaration not just and
true, yet, if the Senate had competency to act
upon the subject, itsaction did not begin in icrong,
and the remedy is to correct our error by rescind-
ing, not by expunging, the resolution. Surely the
present majority of the Senate are not going the
length of expunging every proceeding of the then
majority, which I shall consider erroneous in
principle and in fact. The question of the com-
petency of the Senate to pass the resolution of
March, 1834, lies at the bottom of the argument
of the gentleman from Missouri, in support of
his motion to expunge, in preference to rescinding.
That question 1 have now discussed. I wish to
confine myself to what affects the question of ex-
punging on)y. If a motioiishall bemado torescind,
though I shall have no new argument of my own,
I may find it my duty to recapitulate the conclu-
sive arguments of olhers to show that the reso-
lution of March, 1834, is just and true in all re-
spects,and thatthe principle it asserts is essential
to the maintenance of our free institutions.
The gentleman from Missouri said that"ea>
punge is a severe remedy, but it is a just one. It
reflects reproach, but the fault is not ours, but of
those who compel us to it. Let us go on, then,
and neither compromise for difficulties, nordespair
for failures. If we fail now, let us try again. If
we continue to fail, and have to retire before the
good work is accomplished, let us transmit and
bequeath it to the democracy of America. Let
us give it to the aged sire, that he may hand it
down to his heir—to the matron, thatshe may
deliver it to her manly son—to the young mother,
that she may teach her infant babe to suck in the
avenging word expunge with the life-sustaining
milk which it draws from her bosom." As to
tliat young mother who shall be willing to mix
the bitterness of that" avenging word expunge,"
or any other vengeance, with the milk which,
with the sweetness of maternal love, she should
minister to her babe, it is to be hoped she will
never have any more offspring; and if the unhappy
babe shall suck the spirit of vengeance with his
mother's milk, what deeds he may perform in his |
mature manhood it is revolting to reflect. But
none of the young mothers are going to take this ¡
advice—that I am sure of. And'if the democracy j
of America shall be willing to accept the legacy,
which the gentleman from Missouri is so bounti-
fully desirous of bequeathing tq them, and to im-
prove it to the degree of which it is susceptible,
I fear some future advocate of monarchy may find I
cause to remember and apply to us the contempt- !
uous language which the toryism of Swift has j
applied to all democratic States: " that an usurp- '
ing populace is its own dupe—a mere under- i
worker, and a purchaser in trust for some single
tyrant, whose state and power they advance to
their own ruin, with as blind an instinct as those
worms that die with weaving magnificent habits
for beings of a nature superior to their own."
And, sir, I venti'.re to warn my countrymen that,
if they woukl avoid the reproa.cn of being dupes,
they must never indulge in (he vainglorious im-
agination that theyare incapable of beint: deluded;
that they must distrust and watch their agents,'
distrust and watch themselves, watch oveMlieir
Constitution, their laws, and especially their pub-
lic treasure, upon which the rights they so dearly
value essertially depend.
NATIONAL DEFENSE.
SPEECH OF HON. S. L. SOUTHARD,
OF NEW JERSEY.
In Senate, January 25, 183G,
On Mr. Benton's resolution for appropiiating tile surplus
revenue to objects of" permanent National Defense.
Mr. SOUTHARD asked for the reading of the
resolutions, as they had been amended,°on the
suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee, with
the approbation of the mover; and they were read
by the President in these words:
Resolved, That so miieli of Hie surplus revenue of the
United States, and the dividends of stock receivable from
the Bank of the United States, as may be necessary for the
purpose, ought to be set apart and applied to the general
defense and permanent security of the country.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause the
Senate to be informed of—
1st. The probable amount that would be necessary for
fortifying the lake, maritime, and gull'frontier of llie United
States, and such points of the land frontier as may require
permanent fortifications.
2d. The probable amount that would be necessary to con-
struct an adequate number of armories and arsenals in the
United States, and to supply the States with field artillery
(especially brass field pieces) foi their milina, and with side-
arms and pistols for their cavalry.
3d. The probable amount that would be necessary to sup-
ply the United States with the ordnance, arms, and muni-
tions of war, which a proper regard to self defense would
require ro be always on hand.
4ili. The probable amount that would be necessary to
place the naval defenses of the United States (including
ihe increase of the Navy, navy -yards,¡dock yards, and steam
or floating batteries,) upon the footing of strength and re-
spectability which is due to the security and to the welfare
of the Union.
Mr. SOUTHARD. The Senator from Mis-
souri has not informed us whether the objects
mentioned in the call which he proposes to make
on the Executive are each to have part of the
surplus revenue expended upon them, or whether
it i-s to be confined to them. We are left, there-
fore, to infer that theyare all to be accomplished,
and that they are the means, and the only means,
to produce the " strength and respectability which
are due to the security and to the welfare of the
Union;" and that the surplus is to be pledged to
them, and them only, until they are all com-
pleted. They are, certainly, numerous enough,
and of sufficient magnitude to attract our admi-
ration. Forts on the lakes, ocean, gulf, and in-
land frontier; armories and arsenals sufficient to
construct artillery, sidearms, and pistols; ord-
nance, arms, and munitions of war; increase of
the Navy, navy-yards, dock-yards, and steam
batteries; those are to be provided for,to the ex-
clusion of other objects of interest which may
hereafter be presented. The scheme is suffi-
ciently large. It will answer exceedingly well
for purposes of speculation, comment, and ap-
plause before the public, but it is not very likely to
produce much good. Such magnificent schemes
generally end in small results. The money ne-
cessary to complete the one under consideration
must be counted by tens of millions, and the time
by scores of years. But while the people cannot
doubt thatils friends are devoted to their interests,
it is to be hoped that those who cannot elevate
themselves to its magnitude may not be regarded
as less anxious for " the general defense and per-
manent security of the country." I do not, how-
ever, object to the inquiries. They may procure
from the Executive information which may be
useful when the Senate is called to act upon less
extensive and more unpretending plans.
Before I vote for the resolution in its present
shape, I wish some explanation of its terms.
What is the " surplus revenue ?" It is generally
understood to be that amount of money which
remains in the Treasury after all the appropria-
tions have been made and expended. Now, these
appropriations are for such objects as are deemed
by Congress necessary for the support of the Gov-
ernment  and for the general defense, security |
