692
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
24th Covg....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
posed  bv the Executive and his friends.    The '
Holies hul a ietdone\ervitem, the billrequned
only the tonus of final passage
Win , thtn, did it not pías1 What circumstance,
whit eontiiv met, vv hat accident defeUed it'
In anitt nn^this niquii\,l shall ufei to the
Join in •> ot tlu two Housts, and the uvular and
ortiin \i \ itpoit of the pioctedinj;s ot the hist
ni^ht ot tht stssion as it ippexiedm the National
In   h ^t nrtt ot the 7th M nt h
Wlu i) t le Hoi  e objteted to one of the amend-
ments, tiom winch tht y atuiwaids ieceded,they
sent the bill bick to tht Stiiue with a new section
addtd to it, in the following woids.
' And hut further cincicd, I'll it the ~umof « i 000 030 be,
anil tl  -inn i- hen bv app-opn Utd out oi .my money in
the IreiMtrv not otherwi^t appropri «tt 1 to hi e\ptnded,
in vOole or in pirt, umli r tht direction ol lite President ot
the tinted State , tor the military and mvil m rvice, in
eluding t mutations and ordinnte. and menace ol the
Vav\ Prondt 1, Mich evpenditurc shall bt rendered necea-
s-m lor the deleuse ot thecountrv prior to tilt ne Unletting
ol Congress '
Tins amendment had been made by a vote of
109 to 77, (Journal, 509,) and it came to us about
eight o cloek of the last night, within three or tour
horns of the adjournment We had then been in
session three months, had discussed our íelattons
■with Fiinee, contemplated oui position and oui
duties, had íe^eived the views ot the E\ecutive,
and Ins estimates tot the defense of the country,
and not a suggestion had been made, no member
of eithei House, no executive officer, had pro-
posed such an appropuation It broke upon us,
m the last night, most suddenly and unexpect-
edly. It created surprise,! believe, in every part
of the Senate Chamber, unless, indeed, some few-
may ha\e been appused of its approach I do
not deny that I was astonished and indignant, and,
among otheis, gave utterance to my feelings.
That a mtasuie of such a description should have
been rtseived for such a moment, had too much
the aspect of finesse and management. It wasre-
y cted bv the Senate,and sent back to the House
after a debate of about an hour, certainly of not
more than an hour and a halt The reasons for
us itjection appeared to me then, and appear to
me now, most ample and satisfactory.
It might have been objected toas irregular, un- i
usual, and unparliamentary It was made as an |
amendment to the amendment of the Senate. As
such, it must restrain, enlarge, or modify the
matter to be amended. It did neither. It was a
distinct section, an independent and incoherent
subject. The House might with equal propriety
have added a new bill, or all the bills of the ses-
sion
But it was not resisted on this ground. There
were other and higher considerations, vitally af-
fecting the institutions of the country. It was
opposed to the spirit and meaning of the Con-
stitution, and the whole practice of the Govern-
ment. The seventh item of the ninth section of
the first article declares:
•' No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in   I
consequence of appropriations made by law "                  I
The term appropriation implies that the object
must be specified. Without it is, the intent of
the makers of that instrument is violated. A
mere declaration that the Executive may draw
•ut $1,000,000, and apply it to such objects as he
shall think necessary for the public interests, is
no compliance with the constitutional provision.
Its design was to guard sedulously the public
treasure, to secure its control to those who make
th   laws, to cut oflf Executive discretion as to the
objects on which it should be expended. The
present President has said (Message, December,
1834) that " the palpable object of this provision
is to prevent the expenditure of the public money
for any purpose whatsoevei which shall nothave
been first approved by the Representatives of the
people, and the States in Congress assembled. It
vests the power of declaring for what purposes
the public money shajl be expended in the legis-
lative department of the Government, to the ex-
clusion of the executive and judicial," &c, &c.
He has also said, on another occasion, (Message,
Decembei, 1835,) " no one can be more deeply
impressed than I am with the soundness of the
doctrine which restrains and limits, by specific
provisions, Executive discretion, as far aa it can
be done consistently with the preservation of its
constitutional chaiacter." That it is " the duty
of the Legislature to define, by clear and positive
enactments, the nature and extent of the action
which it belongs to the Executive to superin-
tend,'' ilc. That the true mle of action "should
mike the Picsultnt ever anxious to avoid the
exercise of any discietionuy authority, which
can be rtgulated by Congitss The biases which
miy opciate upon him will not be so likely to
extend to the Representatives of the people in
that body."
It is tiue, these opinions were expressed on a
dilTeient subject, but I commtnd them to theSen-
atot from New Hampshire [Mr. Hubbard] as
equally applicable to the bill, whose chaiacter we
aie investigating. He seems to think it quite I
specific enough, and sufficiently restraining to
Executive discietion. But what are its terms' |
The three millions are to be expended, "in whole
oi in pait," as the Executive may see fit. On
what objects' "The militaiy and naval services,
including fortifications, ordnance, and increase
of the Navy " On what conditions' "If the
expenditure be necessary for the defense of the
country." Who is to judge of the necessity'
The Piesident. Can an appropuation be more
indefil ite—less specific' The amount short of
three millions is absolutely in his discretion. The
"necessity" rests on his judgment, not on the
judgment of Congress. The selection of objects
is in his choice. He might expend the who'e in
raising an army. He might increase the Navy
by men and ships, at his pleasure. He might
devote the whole to one object, or divide it among
several. It clothed him with unlimited disere-
tion on all points save one—the amount of three
millions. Such a bill is new in the practice of
the Government—unknown at former periods and
under former Executives We have before passed
through times of trial, and been engaged in actual
wai, yet such investment of powei was not found
expedient or necessary. It was reserved foi the
disciples of Mr Jefferson, who claim to be the
especial advocates of his ptinciples—the Demo-
crats, var excellence, the only men who have
passed pure and unhuit through the corruptions
of the times of Madison, Monroe, and Adams, I
to devise and support this bill. I commend to '
their notice the language and opinions of Mr.
Jefferson:
" In our care, too, of the public contributions, intrusted
to our direction, it would be prudent to multiplj birners
against their dissipition by appropriating specific sums to
eve-y srjecifie purpose susceptible of definition , by disal
lowing all applic-uionsof money varying from the appropri-
ation in object or transcending it in amount, by reducing
th° undefined field ot contingencies, and thereby circmri
scribing discretionary powers over money, and by bringing
back to a «ingle Deportment all account ibilities for money
where the examinations miy he prompt, emcatioiis. and
uniform "—Mr Jcjfcrson's Message, December Ü, 1801
This doctrine of Mr. Jeffeison is among the
earliest of my political recollections; and being
just and true in itself it has been invariably ap-
proved in theory and practice from his day to
ours. It was sound when he uttered it—it is sound
still with all except those who have unhesitating
confidence in the present Chief Magistrate. He
will not, in their opinion, abuse this or any other
trust confided to him. He requires no guarda,
no checks, no controlling regulations. He will
not err in the judgment which he forms on any
point. The biases which he assures us may op-
erate upon the Executive are not to be regarded
as extending to him. He is the exception to the
salutary principle which directs a jealous watch-
fulness towards those who are invested with
power and authority. Mr. Jefferson must have
been wrong when he said, " We have not found
angejs in the form of men to govern us."
Mr President, that section of the bill,as it came
to us from the House, Tiolated the spirit and pur-
pose of the Constitution, in reference to the dispo-
sition of the public treasure. It disregarded the
principle which requnes specific sums to be de-
voted to specified objects. It spurned the doc-
trine with whose soundness the President is so
" deeply impressed!" that Executive discretion
should be restrained and limited by specific pro-
visions. It omitted " the duty of the Legislature
to define, by clear and positive enactments, the
nature and extent of the action which it belongs
to the Rgpcuttve to «upenatend."   It presumed
that " biases would not oj^erate on him in rela-
tion to the controversy with Fiance, which would
extend to the representatives of the people in Con-
gress " It invested the Executive with the dis-
cretion which belongs to Congiess, and to Con-
gress only. It gave him the authority to " raise
aimies and provide a navy " It suirendeied the
power of war into his hands. With such an ap-
propriation he might have put the question of
war beyond the teach of the representatives of
the people; and, judging from the temper mani-
fested by him—his lecommendation of repusals
—the language of his advocates—[ believed then
and still believe that, if it passed, we should hs.\e
wai.    Even now we should be in war__a war in
which human life would be poured out without
stint, and the smoke ot human blood ascend from
the land and the water—a war to which no limits
in time or in results could be set by human foie-
sight—a war upon which,in the piesent state of
Europe, other nations would not have looked with
an indifferent neutrality, but, in all probability,
convulsing the whole of Christendom. If war,
and such a war be necessary, (and it may become
so, and I may yet be its advocate and supporter,)
I implore that it may not be commenced by discre-
tionary powers vested unnecessarily in one man,
but be the íesult of the calm and constitutional
decision of the íepresentativesof the people, who
are to bear its trials and face its perils.
In Rome, sn , they did sometimes create a dic-
tator, whose duty it was to look to it, ne quid
detitmenti respubhea capiat; but they did it by no
violation of their constitution and the principles
of their Government, but when the enemy was
at the gates of the Capitol, and despair found no
other remedy.
Was there any necessity at that time of be-
stowing the slightest discretionary power upon
the President' In what did the necessity con-
sist' We were not in war We were not threat-
ened with war, unless upon our own action.
Fiance had made no movement to assail us. She
had no cause of complaint which could justify
her in commencing hostilities. She owed us no
debt. She insisted upon no violation of treaty
upon our part. There was not a man in Con-
gress—in the nation—in the world that believed
that she would first assail us, unless we did some-
thing which should induce her. This, whatever
it might be, it was proper that Congress, not the
Executive, should decide And, as Congress
was about to adjourn, nothing would or could
constitutionally be done to occasion the com-
mencement of hostilities. The pretenses that
we might have war, and that France might assai
us before we me' again, were utterly fallacious.
The Executive might have so acted as to create
speedy difficulties, but I had no desire to offer
him inducements so to act We had claims on
France—she owed us money; we had a treaty
which hei honor and justice required her to keep.
But the time and mode of enforcing the payment
of that debt, and coercing the fulfillment of that
treaty, was in our power; and the Constitution
required, when force was to be applied, Congress
should sit in judgmentand decide it. There was
no exigency which could demand that we should
forget the ordinary guards which our Govern-
ment piovides. And even if our situation had
been extreme, if the danger had impended, was
there not time enough for Congress, during that
session, to have defined the objects of expendi-
ture, and specified the sums' If danger sho ld
have arisen subsequent to our adjournment, had
not the Executive power to call together and con-
sult those whom the Constitution designates as-
the counselors and guardians of the people s
rights on such an occasion' I could not see or
feel the necessity for vesting in the President a
discretion in which his mode of dealing with
constitutional questions had not given to me
much confidence. I regarded that section as a
dangerous encroachment upon the Constitution,
and the more dangerous because urged on under
pretenses of national defense and safety. It ia
by such encroachments that that instrument 13
to be beaten down and destroyed. I could not
see its safest provisions hazarded unnecessarily.
There is enough, day by day, and hour by hour,
even in this Hall, and much more out of it, to
warn us that our only safety lies in guarding it 
