1836.]                .                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Sex
\te.
and that in it, and it alone, live the permanency
of the Union and the hopes of freedom.
In addition to all these considerations, it was
an mpi orniition not called fot by the Executive—
a voluntary bestowal of discretional y power un-
asked by Iiim. It was resisted, at the moment,
b\ the Senator from Ttnnessee, on this ground:
If tlti Piesuknt thought it necessary, it was his
li  h constitutional duty so to decíate officially.
'• He «'nil, horn time to time, give to Congrtss
i itoimation of the state of the Union, and lecom-
mend to their consideration such measures as he
siu'l jiulje lucessaiy and expedient." (Art. 2,
s i 3) When and vvheie did he tecommend this
measure5 In «hat coimminieAtion is it to be
fuind Not in the message at the opening of the
s ssioii; not in that of the 30th December. Was
i>, as the Senator Horn New Hampshite seems
to suppose, m that of the 27th Tebi uary' (Jour-
ii d, 194 ) That message communicates the coi-
ltspondence on the subject up to that date, with
the information that Mr. Livingston had been in-
structed to quit Tranceif an appiopnation should
not be made by the Chambeis; and then adds:
Tne subject being new, m all its present aspects, before
Cnngre—, « Imse right it is to decide what measures are to
be pitr-ued on that event, I deem it unnecessary to make
further recommendation, being confident that, on their
pari, everything will be done to maintain the rights and
boi,or ot tlie country winch the occasion requires "
He expressly avoids further recommendations.
He ielies on those which he had before made.
He does not ask us to place a part of the Treas-
ury at his disposal. He does not tell us that it
is necessary for us to arm. He gives no indica-
tion of a wish for such an appropriation. It is
true he has since told us that this section of the
bill was "in conformity with the wishes of the
Executive;" but when and where and to whom
were those wishes made known? If communi-
cated at all, it must have been by private confi-
dence to favorite members. It must have been
with the understanding that it should operate
opon their votes, and not be publicly and officially
promulgated. I do not accuse him of such a
course. It would be a base shrinking from the
responsibility of his high station, holding, on a
great national question, in which the peace of
his country was involved, a language official and
unofficial, a language public, and a language con-
fidential. I do not credit the assertion that he
deals with members of Congress in this mode.
And yet, sir, if he did wish that appropriation
to pass in that form, and his wish was known, it
must have been by secret confidential communi-
cations to membersxfor it is to be found in no
public document, no official declaration of the
Chief Magistrate.
So far as the Senate is concerned, his wish was
not known. We were not only ignorant that
such was his wish, but had no knowledge that
the proposition would be made. The Senator
from New Hampshire tells us that we were noti-
fied, and that Mr. Cambrei.eng had stated in the
House, upon the vote respecting the French
tieaty, that he should move such an appropria-
tion. I beg the Senator to reflect upon such an
argument to sustain such a proposition. A
member of the House states, in his place, in
debate, that he will move a particulai appropria-
tion at some future time, and this is to be regarded
as sufficient official information that the Senate
will be called upon to make that appropriation'
And we must be prepared to pass upon it, with-
out estimate, without document of any kind to
examine and guide us. We have fallen on strange
times, sir, and new notions multiply in relation
to official duties and legislative obligation*. But
let us look at this warning given by the ehairman
of Foreign Relations, who is to be our oracle in
these high matters. When was it made ' On the
2áth February. Where' In debate in the House.
When was it published' I find it in the Globe
■of the 2d March, issued at a moment when it is
not probable that half a dozen of even the most
devoted ¡students of that print were able to read
its report of the proceedings of Congress. And
yet tins report, at such a time, and under such
cucumstanees, is offered as evidence that the
Senate ought to have known and bpen prepaied
foi this niu^t extiaordinary proposition. But it
Js still more unfortunate for the icason of the
Senator, that the proposition of which Ml. Cajj-
bbele\tg gave notice was not that which is con-
tained in the section which we rejected It was,
m substance, that "he should move an amend-
ment to the fortification bill when it returned
fi om the Senate, of $1,000,000 for the Ai my, and
$2,000,000 for the Navy, in case it should be
necessai y before the next meeting of Congress.
This, he understood, would be alfthat would be
requued by the executive blanch of the Govern-
ment." Now.it is obvious to remaik on this
report: 1. That the bill was not then in the
Senate. It had been returned to the House,
referred to and reported on by the committee.
(Journal, 451, 464, 506.) 2 That his notice
differs widely in substance from the pioposition
subsequently made. 3 That he understood that
the Executive would require no more. How did
he understand it' He ought to have given to
other members the light which he had on the
subject. Is it to be understood that, as chair-
man, or in any other than a public official capa-
city, he receives directions from the Executive
what amount of public money he is to put at his
disposal' If he do, he mayas well adopt Antony's
piofession of faith:
" I shall remember.
When Casar savs do tins, it is performed."
As little benefit by way of justification can be
found for this appropriation in the vote of the
House respecting the treaty. The messages of
the 7th and 30th Decembei had been befoie the
Committee on Foreign Relations up to the 27th
Februaiy, when a repoitwas made, accompanied
by thiee resolutions, (Journal, 466.) On the 2d
of March the House consideied them in conjunc-
tion with tlnee resolutions offered by Mr. Adams
as amendments thereto.    (Journal, 496.)
The fiist resolution of the committee was:
" That it would be incompatible with the rights and honor
of the United States further to negotiate in lelation to the
treaty entered into bv France on the 4th ofJuh, lb31,and
that this House will insist upon its execution as ratified bv
both Governments."
The amendment was—
" That the rights ot the citizens of the United States to
indemnity from the Government of France, stipulated by
the treaty concluded at Pan  on the 4th ot July, 1831,ought,
in no event, to be sacrificed, abandoned, or impaired, by
am consent or acquiescence of the Government of the
United States,"
—and was subsequently, after debate, modified
by Mr. Adams, and was in these words:
'•Hesoíicíí, That, in the opinion of tin- House, the treaty
with France ot the 4th of July 1831, should be maintained,
and its execution insisted on "
After various efforts at amendment and change,
it passed unanimously. (Journal, 500.) The
other amendments offered by Mr. Adams were
then withdrawn by him. The second resolution
of the committee was in these words:
" Resohed, That the Committee on Torcign Affairs he
discharged from the further con-ideration of «o much of the
Presidents message as relates to commercial restuctions
or to reprisal  on the commerce of France,"
and passed unanimously; thus concurring with
the unanimous vote of the Senate in regard to the
recommendation of the Executive. The remain-
ing resolution was in these words:
"Resolved, That contingent preparations ought to be
made lo meet any emergency growing out of our relations
with France,"
and this resolution was, on the motion of Mr.
Cambreleng, ordered to lie upon the table.
(Journal, 501.) It was the 2d day of March;
the older to he on the table was, under the cir-
cumstances, equal to rejection or Withdrawal,
for there could be no hope of again calling it
up, discussing, and deciding it. Here, then, on
the very day before this extraordinary section
was introduced into the bill, while a resolution,
which declared contingent preparations to be
proper, was before the House, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on his own
motion, disposed of it, and declined taking the
sense of the House upon it. Could it have been
anticipated, after that, that Congress would be
called upon to place three millions of money in
the hands of the Executive, without specification
of objects' Did the committee expect war' Did
they think France would assail us' Did they
believe legislation necessary' Why, then, was
not the sense of the House taken upon the ques-
tion ' The Senate had long: before unanimously
declaied that no legislative action was at this time
necessary. The House had just before unani-
mously relieved the committee fiom all luitiier
consideiauon of the only lecommendations made
by the Executive; thus declaring those íecom-
mendations improper, or, at least, the meaMiies
proposed unnecessary, and now the resolution
for contingent pi eparations is laid on the table by
the assent of the fnends of the Executive. Sa,
I ask again, did they expect war' No, sn , they
knew better. The appiopnation was not callea
for by anticipation of an attack from Fiance If
it was, the friends of the Executive—the House
of Representatives—wercgieatly wantmgin their
duty to the countiy.
Look at the only resolution which they did
pass. It declares "that the tieaty should be
maintained," and " its execution insisted on."
And who in this country hasever held adiiferent
language ? But how insisted on > By immediate
war? Was that the meaning of the House?
Was it a war measure' Then, more guilty le-
gislation cannot be imagined. Go to war, with
peace appropriations, without one preparatory
measure by Congress? The House meant no
such thing. To suppose that they did, would be
an impeachment of something more than their
intelligence. They left the question of further
negotiation entirely open by the rejection of the
resolution which declared it incompatible with
oui rights and honor,and they adopted one which
merely declaied that the treaty ought to be main-
tained. And had Fiance then, or has she yet,
declared that she did not consider it binding on
her, and that she would not maintain it? On the
contrary, she has always admitted its validity,
and acknowledged that the debt was due to us.
She has delayed, and delayed improperly, upon
insufficient reasons, to comply with her obliga-
tions under it, but the resolution of the House
asserted no fact which France has controverted.
I do not intend to inquire, on this occasion, into
the sufficiency of the lessons urged by her. It
is enough, for the present, to say that the act of
the House did not render war necessary; that it
was not anticipated speedily, if at all, to arise;
and that those who favored this contingent ap-
propriation can find in this resolution no apology
for it. The chairman of the committee, the per-
son who moved this section, is repoited to have
said in debate, as late as the 28th of Februaiy:
" If we .ire to have peace, the less said, the better. If
war, the next Congre-s would have enough to say on that
great question The question of vvai, it decided at all,
vvas, in his opinion, to be decided by another Congress "
And, out of the House, all paities concurred
in the hope and belief that it would be avoided.
It was but four or five days previous that the
official p<iper, which is íegardcd, even by our
foieign Ministers, as expressing opinions worthy
of ail confidence, contained the following edi-
tonal remarks, (Globe, of 24th of Februaiy:)
" Trom the extracts given in this day's paper from the
foreign journal^, and especially the remarks ot the French
Minister on Ihe introduction ot the law to provide for the
treat), it mil be seen that there in now the lairestpm-poet
of speedv and happy adjustment ot our difficulties with
France, &e
" Mr Livingston will not, it appears, apply for Ins pass-
ports, but will await the action ot the Cham!  rt. in relation
to the 1 ivv pioposed by the Mim~trv "
It then gives an extract of a letter of congratula-
tion on the ptospeets which the late news has
opened on the counti y, which, in conclusion says:
"The OppoMMon seem eonioundul this morning and
even the most dt^peiate in then íanUs sav the President
Ins had the good fortune to nkc Hi" right cnuiv in tins
matter Chance Ins h id no Innd in ir mv friend, it is par
eel of his great, fair, and clear course " • Wc believe all
the difficulties in tin matter have grown out of the intrigues
of some one on our ovv n side ol the Atlantic," &.c
The extract administers the usual dose of flat-
tery which paiasites are ever ready to bestow on
the hand that distubutes honors and piofits, but
it conveyed the strong impression which then pre-
vailed. And war was not expected here nor else-
where, at least not so expected as to justify large
discretional y appiopnations. To have gone to
war then would have been most absurd; nothing
coulu, indeed, have been more absurd than the
position which we should have occupied. It was
jus'l\ íemaiked a'j ut that time, " To go to war
now would ue like two boys standing belore ea h
other with clenched fists, and each danng the
other to suike.    If we did go to war with Prance
