(394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
on this subject, it would all end in an expenditure
of millions upon millions of treasure, and oceans
of blood, and we should then be asking each other
who struck the first blow."
Mr. President, that section of the bill, thus in-
troduced, was neither necessary nor expedient,
to be justified by no facts, hostile to every correct
grinciple of legislation; and the majority of the
enate.by a vote of 29 to 19,rejected it. (journal,
232.) The names are recorded; and, while the
minority doubtless acted upon a proper sense of
their duty, the majority will not, I feel assured,
have cause to condemn themselves. For myself,
1 concurred most heartily on the disagreement to
the section, and cheerfully put myself upon the
principles involved, and leave my act to the award
of the future.
But, Mr. President, I ask attention while I pro-
ceed still further with the history of the bill. It
returned to the House, as is, I believe, agreed on
all hands, before ten o'clock. Mr. Gholson then
moved that the House recede from their amend-
ment, and urged it strongly upon them. (Journal,
516.) It was opposed, sir, and the reported lan-
guage is worthy of observation. Mr. Cambre-
lexg, the chairman of the committee, and the
person who moved the section, "hoped the House
would not recede. If the Senate had chosen to
take the responsibility of defeating the appropri-
ation, it might remain with them; he would take
no part of it." And Mr. Btnum sustained him.
Now this was long before twelve o'clock. It was
upon the first disagreement. It was while there
was a quorum, for the vote against receding was
110 to 87. Why, at this early hour, with a full
attendance of members, was the declaration made
that "the responsibility of defeating the appropri-
ation" was upon the Senate? Why did the mover
refuse to take no part in it ? Was the appropri-
ation necessary to the defense of the country, and
was it not worth while to make an effort to save
it? Was an enemy approaching our shores, and
was it more desirable to cast the responsibility on
the Senate than to defend the country.
The House, on motion of Mr. Cambreleng,
determined to insist upon the section, and so in-
formed the Senate; but they asked no conference.
It was their amendment; they had voted to insist;
and it was proper, if they desired to avoid diffi-
culty, and secure its passage, to ask a conference
respecting it. The Senate had previously done
so, that very niglft, on an amendment of theirs
to the bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government. The con-
ference was had, and the bill passed. (Journal,
512-515.) But the House, upon this bill, did not
choose to take this course. They chose rather
to put it in jeopardy. The Senate adhered to
their decision by a vote of 29 to 17, (Journal,
235,) and the bill was speedily returned. This
course of the Senate was perfectly parliamentary
and correct, as is known to Senators, and as I
shall presently have cause to explain.
When the bill again came to the House, they
had another opportunity of asking a conference,
and saving their amendment and the whole bill,
if there could be a compromise made. They
did not seize the opportunity. Other counsels
prevailed. The mover of the section now moved
to adhere to it. This would have defeated the
bill irretrievably; no subsequent movement could
have saved it. Why, then, was the motion made?
Was it resolved upon that the whole bill, with all
its appropriations, should be lost, because the
Senate had not consented to put three millions at
the disposal of the President? There was yet
time enough; it was not twelve o'clock,and there
was a quorum. Yet, if this motion had prevailed,
the bill would have been lost with time and quo-
rum both. The course taken exhibited a fixed
purpose that no appropriation should be made for
any of the fortifications, unless this large sum
was granted; and this most improper and uncon-
stitutional demonstration of confidence was man-
ifested towards the President. Was it deemed
necessary, as an offset against the unanimous re-
jection of his advice, and the refusal to give him
the power of making reprisals?
Mr. Mercer moved that the House recede.
This would have ended the controversy, and
saved the appropriations forfortifications amount-
ing to $369,000.   And how, sir, was his motion
met? Mr. Polk, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, urged that the motion to
adhere was first in order, and to be first put; and,
in no very measured language towards the Sen-
ate, Mr. Lytle sustained him, thus aiding the
movement of Mr. Cambreleng to adhere, defeat
the whole bill, and try to throw the blame upon
the Senate.
The Speaker (then Mr. Bell) decided that the
question on receding must be first taken. It was
put, and rejected by" 107 to 88.    (Journal, 519.)
Upon both of the motions to recede the votes
are recorded. It was an almost precise division
of parties. Those who are called opponents of
the Administration voted so as to save the bill,
but lose the contingent section. Its friends voted
to save the grant of money to the Executive, at
the hazard of the whole bill. In this stage of
these extraordinary proceedings, Mr. Hubbard
(and he deserves thanks for breaking rank) moved
for a conference. (Journal, 519.) Itwasasked,
and promptly agreed to by the Senate, although
they had voted to adhere to their rejection of the
section. (Journal, 237.) If they had desired to
defeat the bill, why did they waive their vote to
adhere and agree to the conference ? They might
have refused it, and been perfectly justified by
parliamentary rule and propriety. Even the de-
sire to throw the responsibility on the Senate
could not have put them in the wrong. There is
potent authority on this point in the journals of
this body. In January, 1826, the two Houses
had before them a very important measure—a
judiciary bill, having the same object as that
which has recently passed the Senate, to extend
the circuit-court system to all the States. The
bill from the House was considered, debated on
several days, amended, and sent back. The
House voted not to accept a part of the amend-
ments, and returned it to the Senate. The Senate,
on motion of Mr. Van Buren, then chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, adhered to their amend-
ments. The House asked a conference. The
message asking the conference was referred to
the Judiciary Committee, and the same chairman
made a report refusing the conference. That re-
port is worthy of the respectful consideration of
all those who now condemn the Senate. It sus-
tains the position which I have advanced in de-
fense of the course of the Senate on this occasion.
It justifies the vote to adhere without the vote to
insist. It places theduty of calling for the confer-
ence on the House which first insists. It refuses
a conference after the House had asked it, because
it was not the intention of the Senate to recede,
and a conference was therefore unnecessary. The
Senate sustained the report by 24 to 13; and among
the majority are found the names of Messrs. Van
Buren, Ben ton,Berrien,Branch,Dickerson, Eaton,
Hayne, Rowan, Tazewell, White, and Wood-
bury. The bill was lost by this decision. The
report and vote may be found in volume sixteen
of Senate Journal, pages 306-312.
If this be correct parliamentary doctrine, and
our opponents will not deny it, and if the Sen-
ate had desired to defeat this bill, why did we
not refuse the conference? We did not. We
were resolved to resist the three millions; but we
sought, earnestly, the passage of the bill, and
waived every rule of practice in such cases to
accomplish it. Yet we are now charged with the
defeat of the bill. The conferees on the part of
the House were Messrs. Cambreleng, Hubbard,
and Lewis; on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
Webster, Frelinghuysen, and Wright. They
agreed—the conferees of the Senate unanimously,
and a majority of those of the House. It was
at the time understood that they also were unan-
imous.
It seems to have been since denied that Mr.
Cambreleng did agree to the report; and the
Senator from New Hampshire will not say that
he did. It is quite possible that he did not. He
had desired to adhere to the amendment, which
would have destroyed the bill. He had manifested
his anxiety to throw the blame on the Senate—
and he may have feared the defeat of his object,
if the conferees agreed upon a reasonable report
to the two Houses. He had made a provision
which reposed all confidence and power in the
President, and he may have been unwilling that
the offering; should be withdrawn.   But it is of
I little importance. The conferees did agree, and
those of the Senate reported. (Journal, 237.)
In lieu of the section of three millions, they pro-
posed:
" As an additional appropriation for arming the fortifica-
tions of the United States, $300,000.
" Asan additional appropriation for the repair and equip-
ment of the ships-of-war of the United States, $500,000."
When this report was made, the Senate were
prepared to approve it. The committee of which
the Senator from New York was one, had agreed
to it, and it would have passed unanimously.
Sir, the whole Senate was ready to pass it. There
was no fault in that respect on either side of this
body.    The censure must rest elsewhere.
The Senator from New Hampshire seems to
find no difference between this proposition and
the section, except in the amount. Has he looked
at them ? The one is without specification, leaving
the whole expenditure, as to objects, to the Exec-
utive. The other defines the objects for which
the money is appropriated. It complies with
our legislative duty. It is constitutional and
proper. Mr. President, ought not this report to
have been satisfactory, and to have passed? It
provided for the very objects which were most
important in case of difficulty—our fortifications
and Navy; for the only objects that could have
required attention before it would have been the
duty of the Executive to assemble Congress, and
it provided most amply for them. Observe the
amounts. There had been appropriated for arm-
ing the fortifications, in the Army bill, $100,000;
in this bill, by a previous amendment of the
Senate, $100,000 more; and by this conference
$300,000; in all, $500,000, for arming them in
one year. Was it not ample? Could more have
been used faithfully and economically? Not a
dollar.
So as to the Navy. The bill for its support con-
tained appropriations to the amount of more than
$3,680,000, in which $974,000 were for repairs of
vessels in ordinary, and the repairs and wear and
tear of vessels in commission; add to this sum
the $500,000 proposed by the conferees, and we
have $1,474,000 for the repairs and equipment of
vessels of war. Was it not ample for that object,
until Congress would meet, or be called together?
I am compelled to believe that it was not the
amount which was insufficient. It was the re-
striction imposed. It was a specific appropria-
tion. It was not left to the discretion of the
Executive, and his friends would not have it.
They preferred losing the whole bill to denying
this expression of confidence in the Chief. Then
let them answer for the loss; but let not them and
the Presidenf unjustifiably charge the Senate with
a failure of duty. The Senate did its duty and
its whole duty to the country, faithfully. Ex-
amine this bill as it stood after the conference.
It came to us with $439,000, all that the Presi-
dent and the Department asked. We added
$421,900, and by the conference we agreed to add
$800,000—making in all $1,660,000, almost four
times the estimates of the Executive, as much as
could with propriety be devoted to the object. It
came with a small specific appropriation—was
increased in the House by seven times the amount
to be used at Executive discretion. The moment
that three times the amount is agreed to by the
Senate, but the Executive discretion denied, it is
refused, rejected, and the Senate assailed.
I proceed. Why was this agreement of the
conferees not received by the House, and the bill
passed ? The chairman of the managers did not
report the agreement. The House did not agree
to it. They had the papers, and the Senate were
thus compelled to see the destruction of the bill,
without the power to avoid it. They kept the
papers, and we could take no vote upon it. But
we did not rest in silence under this extraordi-
nary, may I not say, without offense, this most
unjustifiable procedure. If we had done nothing
more, we should have been faultless in the matter.
But after waiting until general alarm was felt, lest
it was the intention of the House to destroy the
bill, the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] moved that we should send a message re-
minding the House of the subject. (Journal, 239.)
It was new in practice. Such a message, so far
as I can learn, had never before been sent by one
House to the other, since the establishment of the
