1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
this country—defense upon the accusation which II
hi betn bi Hi„rl i i^nn&ttheStnatt—demand that
thetiuth «.lini'd bi told of it. Why was such an
exhibition midt by the rtpresentitivts of the in
tilligtiue and value of this countiy' Has> the
standaid ot the moral peiception of right and
wiong betii depreciattd and debased ' Ha\e the
people bttome bo blinded by paityprejudict,that
thtir npnsuitntivti  dart do anything winch
pai tv ind party Uidirb may pie&cube, and still
hopt fur npprobition :
Upon tht motitui to infoim the Piesidentof the
Senate, one of tht RtpitMiitui\t sfrom New Jer-
sey —he to w honi tht than man alludtd, in the ob-
servation w luth I hue quottd—a fntnd of the
Administration, [Mi Parker,] who had previ-
ously dtmtndtd to know whtthtr the managers 
mtant to itport the result of the conference, now
extfiimtd, " how can we pretend to say that we
have concluded the business before us5 And how
can wt adjourn without passing the fortification
bill5 This House has passed the bill, the Sen-
ate nnde a lirge addition to it, the House had
addtd anothtr appropriation, the Senate disagreed
to it V committee of conftrence was appointed,
and that committee has rtfused to repoit to this
Houst Shall we go away and leave this bill,
whtn theie is an apprehension of war'" It was
a fntnd of the Administration which pionounced
this condensed history. It is a faithful portrait,
but it required another question to be added
Shall we hereafter venture to charge the failure
upon the Senate ' and shall the President of the
United States be induced to assert their guilt in
an annual message '
\ et so it is. The assertion has been made from
the high plice of powei and control over popular
belitf, and it has been reiterated upon this floor.
To the allegation I oppose the facts—the Journals
of the two Houses—the whole conduct of the par-
ties in this controversy—the declaration of Mr. I
Parker—and, permit me to add, the unanswered
testimony of Mr. Barrisger, a member of the
House, made upon the floor at the time, and in
the presence and hearing of those who would
have answered if they could. He is reported to
havt said
The bill was defeated by an intrigue here, [in the
H )ti-e ] Ii gentlemen desired name  he would give them
But if tin- was declined, he would sav, tint there were
member;, who now sat in their seats, and would not answer
u> their names, who did so in consummation ot the in-
trigue   '
Mr President, it was by a House thus consti-
tuted, and thus acting, that the bill was kept from
the Senate. Itexpned there in their keeping, and
when the Senate had no power to reach it. If the
Senate had been willing to pass it, with the three
million provision in it, it would have been out of
our power. This body, after sending its last
message to the House, continued in session neaily
oi quite an hour, waiting for that bill, hoping that
a leturning recollection of what was due to the
country, it not to themselves, might induce them
to agiee to its passage. But the case was hope-
less, the condition and proceedings of the House
were known, witnessed by most of the members
of this body, and the President had himself re-
tired from the Capitol.
I have before alluded to the fact of the Presi-
dent's absence from the Capitol What may have
been the precise extent of its influence upon the
conduct of the House, I do not pretend to decide.
But the fact was known in both Houses long be-
fore either of them adjourned, and was familiarly
spoken of as the reason why" it was past twelve
o'clock, and no quorum in the House "
The fact itself is without dispute. The Senate
had rejected the three million appropriation, they
had refused to intrust to him what they would
have trusted to no man—the constitutional powei
of Congress over a portion of the Treasury. In
addition to this, the Senate had indefinitely post-
poned the nomination of Mr Taney as a Justice
of the Supreme Court. The becretary earned
this decision to him. His uncommon patience
would bear no more Powei had been denied,
and a favorite rejected. He refused to receive our
message, told the Secretary it was past twelve
o'clock, and he would receive no more commu-
nications fiom the Senate, and soon left the Cap-
itol What was the precise hour when this dig-
nified exhibition took place, cannot be ascertained.
The watches and clocks did not agree. But
whether before or after midnight, was of no con-
sequence. His own official teim had not expired,
and it would have been quite as proper for him
to have peinutted the two Houses to determine
for themselves when theirs did, at least, to have
rtctived such messages as they might send, and
íeturn to them íespectful answers But the favor-
ite had been rejected, and theie was no hope of
the three millions, although $1,670,000 might still
have been saved to the fortifications and defenses
of the country
Might not this fact have some influence on the
fate of the bill5   Might it not have been thought
unkind, and against the doctrines of party to pass
it, and  throw upon the President the responsi-
bility of its loss'    Might it not have been feared
that he would refuse to sign it '   Notwithstand-
ing his refusal to receive any further communi-
cation fiom the Senate, I hope he would not have
íejected it.    It would have come to him from the
House, and must have been returned to the House,
in which it originated.    Besides, it would have
been a pretty bold venture to have placed himself
on the point of time, after signing the Cumber-
land road bill that very night     And none of his
predecessors had ever so acted     Every one of
them, except since the rule which regulates the
action of the two Houses on the thiee last days,
had signed bills after that hour.    It has so hap-
pened, though still not very old, that I have per-
sonally known the fact in relation  to four of
them     And theie is, if possible, still higher au-
thority than theirs.   A member of the committee
who waited upon General Washington with bills
for his signature at the close of his oflicial term,
informed me that he went to his house about two
o'clock in the morning.    The Piesident had re-
tired, but he came down, made a remark respect-
ing the time, and signed the bills, and they were
a large proportion of those upon your statute- ,
book which were approved on the 3d of March
of that year, some of them relating to the courts,
the debt, the Treasury, and other subjects of ím- ¡
portance.    May we not hope that our present
Chief Magistrate would have been influenced by
the conduct of the first Washington, and that of .
his own alleged exemplar, Mr Jeflerson '    Ob-
serve, sir, Ido not use the word pretendu.   In the
review of this case, I feel confidence in repeating
my declaration, that the Senate did its duty, and
its whole duty, fully, faithfully, feailessly. There
is not one fact, when truly stated and understood,
which does not sustain this assertion.   We added
largely, of our own motion, to the appropriations
which were called for by the Executive, and voted
by the House. They gave us $439,000, we added
to it $421,000     They asked us to place three
millions more at the unrestrained discretion of
the Executive, we refused, but agreed to add
$800,000 for specified objects     We urged on the
House the passage of a bill which gave $1,679,000
for putting the countiy in a state of defense.    In
any event, it was enough; as much as the Exec-
utive could have used discreetly and economic-
ally.    I demand, then, are we guilty br not guilty'
1     Mr President, the patience of the Senate must
be exhausted, and I will not stop to draw, as it
might be drawn, the other side of the picture.   I
will only remind the Senate of the persons and
the party who weie the controlling actors in that
extiaordinary scene.    Who were they who first
proposed $439,000 only of specific appropriations,
and resisted its increase, and yet offered to place
$3,000,000 at the disposal of the President, at his
discretion ' The Journals answer, and to them I
appeal.    They were the friends and supporters
of the Administration.    Who objected to a con-
ference, by whieh the bill might have been saved3
I The friends of the Administration. Who insisted
1 upon the bill when $3,000,000 were to be placed
I in the hands of one man, yet defeated it when
$1,670,000 were to  be appropriated for specific
objects' ThefnendsoftheAdministration. Who
retused to report and receive the agreement by
the conference of the two Houses'    The same
persons.    Who thieweveiy possible obstacle in
the way of the bill'   The same party.    Who
moved adjournments to put an end to the action of
the House—objected to voting—and endeavored
I  to prevent the House from sitting and proceeding'
ú Messrs. Cambreleng, Polk,Beardsley.Jarvis,
Mann, Jones, Carmicbael, John Y Mason,
and other like peisons On the other side, and
in opposition to all these proceedings, you almost
in variably find those members who are denounced
as unworthy of confidenct, because they cannot
bend the knee to power On some of the votes
there aie exceptions. This is the case upon the
fiist offeung of the three million section. There
aie to be found in favor of it a few names of
Opposition members, and they are men of as
pure feelings and pnnciples as any of whom the
country can boast I believe they eried, and
erred grievously. But I neither impeach their
motives, nor those of any membei of either House,
in voting for that section. If they thought it
constitutional, expedient, required by the condi-
tion of the country, it was their duty to vote for
it I thought otherwise, and have no desne
now, or hereafter, to shrink from the full measure
of that responsibility in regard to it which is
justly and truly laid upon the station which I
occupy. I saw no necessity for vesting any dis-
cretion in the Executive in selecting the objects
on which the public tieasure should be expended
The selection of those objects, and the sums to
be expended on each, was the high duty of Con-
gress, not of the President, and we had had time
enough to make the selection and prescribe the
sums I had no inclination to leave, by any vote
of mine, either power oi inducement to the Exec-
utive to commence actual war, or temptation to
place us in a condition in which it should be
unavoidable, and the time of its commencement
was not matter of choice with us.
It is the high and solemn duty of Congress and
of Congress alone, to declare war, and to decide
upon the time and manner in which it shall be
waged. 1 had not, perhaps, all the confidence
in the prudence and discretion of the Chief Magis-
trate, which I ought to exercise, and, looking to
the peace and interests of the country, I felt that
it was due to them that we should not unneces-
sarily intrust too much power over them to him
or any other one man, nor forget that liberty
and free institutions require incessant watchful-
ness and jealousy. I thought it a fit occasion to
apply " the firm and fearless check" of the Sen-
ate to the progiess of those movements which
might render our Government a " simple execu-
tive machine." 1 saw no impending danger of
an early hostile invasion—no such pressure as
could not be met by Congress at its regular meet-
ings, or at such as the Executive had the power
to call. I believe that the proposition to grant,
in the mode proposed, three millions, or ten, or
twenty, or one, was a violation of the Constitu-
tion of the land, and that the necessity which
should induce its open violation within these Halls
should be the last struggle of a despairing and
hopeless people. A hostile force may be repelled
and driven from our shoies—a city in ruins, or
a capital destroyed, may be rebuilt—but that Con-
stitution, bioken by the overthrow of its balanced
powers, cannot be repaired. Give to the Execu-
tive the control in the disposition of your Treas
ury, and over peace and war, and its best guards
I to your liberties are gone, and will never be re-
newed, or, if they should be, it will be through
scenes to which foreign war will be a trifle. The
last and only bond of your union will be gone;
and that flag, of whose honor we have been re-
minded, will present one star and one only, and
the place of its stripes will be covered with one
shade, or they will float fitfully, without mutual
dependence and connection. Let us save that
Constitution, in all our ebullitions of party, in all
our devotion to men, in all our hours of trial,
internal and external.
Mr. President, I thank the Senate for its pa-
tience. I have endeavored to exhibit the truth in
relation to that point on which the Chief Magis-
trate has chosen to make his accusation against
this body.and send Hon the four winds of heaven.
I have declared my own views and purposes in
the act which I havepeiformed. If political ad-
versaries shall still repeat the charge, I turn them
to the recoids of Congress. If any personal and
political friend who has known my course in life
shall deem it proper to impute to me other feel-
ings than those which I have expressed,and be-
lieve that I am unwilling that the country should
be defended, and have ceased to remember that
