698
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Fortification Bill, fyc.—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
my country in any and every trial, is my country
still, I shall be compelled to bow in silence. I
shall have no retorts and recriminations to make.
All that I shall demand is, that I be tried in the
hour when the wrongs of my native land are to
be avenged: and if I fail, then, and not till then,
let my condemnation be pronounced.
THE FORTIFICATION BILL, &c.
SPEECH OF HON. F. W. PICKENS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 23, 1836.
The House resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill making Appropriations for certain
Fortifications for the year 1836.
Mr. PICKENS said it was not agreeable for
him to trespass upon the attention of tire com-
mittee, and he trusted he never could be induced
to do so except from considerations of duty.
Mr. Chairman, this debate has taken a wide
range, and doctrines have been advanced and sen-
timents avowed, against which I feel bound to
raise my most solemn protest. The chairman
of the Committee of " Ways and Means" [Mr.
Cambreleng] withdrew an amendment on a
former bill embracing the same principles, but
declared that he would consider the whole de-
bate as upon the present occasion.
However, before I proceed to reply to what has
been advanced by other gentlemen, I propose to
make a few observations on the general principles
which shall govern my vote on the bill immedi-
ately under the consideration of the committee.
As to appropriations towards those fortifications
calculated to give efficiency and protection to our
Navy, I, perhaps, would be inclined to go as far
as most gentlemen. I am in favor of those that
are important for these purposes, and no other,
so far as the Atlantic coast is concerned. I look
upon it as one of the most idle and visionary
schemes that has ever been conceived to attempt
a military line of fortifications on our Atlantic
coast similar to those which European Govern-
ments have adopted. Our population, compara-
tively speaking, is sparse, and we have a coast
equal in extent to the whole western coast of
Europe. Under these circumstances, our resources
would not justify an attempt to encircle ourselves
with a system of fortifications on a plan similar
to those which more populous and far less exten-
sive countries have adopted. Besides, we have
no border Powers against which it may be neces-
sary to protect ourselves.
We are remote from all other Powers—with an
immense and increasing commerce. Our physical
position, and all the circumstances with which
we are surrounded, proclaim a navy to be our
only system of enlarged national defense. Our
expenditures for fortifications ought to be made
exclusively with a view to give protection and
energy to our Navy. With our extensive coast,
you may make fortifications for land defense, and
nave your system, as you may suppose, perfect;
but give your enemy ascendency upon the ocean,
and they will ¡and their forces at whatever points
they may think proper. No commercial country
can rely for defense upon anything but a well-
regulated navy.
Our true policy of defense is to increase and
strengthen it by judicious points of fortification,
so as to enable us to protect our whole coast by
a stronger naval power than any nation would be
able to concentrate against us. With this view,
and looking to the natural division of our coast
into four great bays, as it were—the first from
Passamaquoddy to Cape Cod, the second from
Cape Cod to Cape Hatteras, the third from Cape
Hatteras to Cape Florida, and the fourth to the
Sabine—I would say that extensive navy-yards,
with efficient fortifications should be established
at the most suitable points between these differ-
ent capes, so that an ordinary naval force, with
brave and enterprising men, could easily defend
the whole frontier, and at the same time protect
our commerce. For instance, I would have such
a navy-yard, with fortifications, at or near Bos-
ton—the same at or near New York—then at
Norfolk and the mouth of the Chesapeake—the
same at Charleston—and then at Pensacola, for
the defense of the gulf and the commerce of the
West. I would place these points on the best
and strongest footing, equal to any in Europe,
and make little or no expenditures on any other
points, so far as our Atlantic frontier is con-
cerned.
It is all idle and visionary to attempt to place
our coast in a perfect state of defense by station-
ary fortifications. This can alone be done by
those that move upon the face of the deep. There
is scarcelyanyfortification butwhatcan be passed
under favorable tides and winds; and it is a mili-
tary maxim that there is none but what can be
taken. Look to those that were erected at Ant-
werp with so much skill and labor, on the samo
plan of Fortress Monroe, and which Bonaparte
himself pronounced impregnable; and what was
the result? The French battered them to the
ground in twenty-four hours. The truth is, that
for an invading force on land, we must at last
rely upon " high minds and brave hearts," with
bayonets, and not fortifications. Besides, sir,
the genius of our institutions is at war with a
standing army. But extend your visionary and
wanton schemes of fortifications, and they call
for an increased force to keep them in repair.
Sir, I rejoice to say that I believe the majority of
the officers of your present Army are men worthy
to be trusted with the liberties of their country.
But increase your military points, and call for a
corresponding increase of men, and then place
all under profligate and ambitious rulers, and
there is no patriot who will not tremble for the
consequences to his country.
Mr. Chairman, there has been a great change
in the condition and resources of our country
within the last few years. Under the application
of steam power to our coast and rivers remote
sections have been brought together, and the en-
ergies of the community have been condensed.
Our weakness, arising from a sparse population,
has been to a great extent overcome. If this be
the effect of steam as applicable to the water,
what must be the operation of things under the
tremendous schemes that are now in progress to
bring the interior West to the sea-coast by means
of railroads? I would rather have one railroad
running from our coast into that brave and enter-
prising country, for the purposes of defense, than
all the fortifications your overflowing Treasury
can erect. For military purposes heretofore com-
munities have been strong in proportion to the
denseness of their population. But the recent
triumphs of invention and art over nature seem
likely to develop new energy and resources, and
may change the whole scheme of military de-
fenses in an extensive and widely-populated coun-
try. Under these views, I shall never vote for
any fortification that cannot be shown to be neces-
sary for the strength and support of the Navy.
I would desire to have but few points, and place
them on the most liberal and substantial basis.
It is nothing but a wanton waste of the public
money to attempt to embrace too many interests
and cover too many points.
But I vnill now look at the operation of this
system in another point of view. While you have
been expending, for the last twenty years, mil-
lions upon millions in certain sections of this
Union, other extensive sections have been, to a
great extent, entirely neglected When my col-
league [Mr. Thompson] some weeks since, with
so much ability, demonstrated the unequal oper-
ation of your naval appropriations, he drew but
a just picture of this Government in all its fiscal
operations. As to our Navy, I am disposed to
make some allowances for appropriations hereto-
fore, from the fact that our tonnage has been
owned in, and our large commercial transactions
have, in a great measure, taken place in those sec-
tions where the demand and supplies for a navy
and its appendages were naturally called for. But
we have now reached a new era in our affairs,
when other sections and other interests must be
attended to. Heretofore your Government has
been profuse in its expenditures for the defense
of those portions of your country which you
boast of being naturally the strongest, while you
have neglected those portions which you have
proclaimed to be the weakest.   Is this the sound
policy that should direct the energies of a foster-
ing Government to protect equally the exposed
points of a united people?
Let it not be supposed that we complain of the
unequal disbursements merely for the dollars and
cents involved. No; it is because the operation
is deeply connected with the great principles of
liberty. As a people under one Government, we
present a different state of things from any ether
people. We are one for certain purposes, and
separate for others. As far as the pecuniary and
fiscal transactions arc concerned, it is not to be
disguised that we have sectional interests differ-
ently affected. As far as the States are con-
cerned, we have in each peculiar sentiments,
habits, and feelings. To preserve these is the
very essence of our separate independence and
existence. No people can be free and independ-
ent who are habitually and systematically ex-
cluded from the favors and benefits of the Gov-
ernment that acts upon them. Let it become fixed
as a settled policy, that the West and th"e South
are only to feel this Government in its exactions,
while other sections are to feel it in its disburse-
ments—let it be known that we are to be con-
verted into Roman provinces, from which you
are to collect treasure and wealth to be distrib-
uted among those who may be styled " Roman
citizens;" and then, sir, if such a system is to
last—if this state of things is to be continued—
you will soon see, under it, our industry and en-
terprise droop and grow dull; you will see our
spirits wither and die; genius will turn from lofty
aspiration; our people will lose their burning feel-
ing of patriotism; and from manly independence
we will tamely sink down to become serfs and
vassals under a mighty empire, where even the
very boundaries of the States will be lost and fo r-
gotten amid the ruin and desolation thrown over
a broken and disheartened country!
It is useless and idle, at this period of the world,
to talk about liberty, so far as it may be identified
with personal rights and individual protection.
These stand secured, and are, to a great extent,
consecrated in the feelings and institutions of
every civilized community on earth. In those
great struggles which ended in the overthrow of
feudal barbarism, the contest was for individual
and personal liberty. But since the combination
of the Holy Alliance, together with all the im-
provements and schemes of modern society, every
thing seems to tend towards an amalgamation of
all Christendom into one system of organization,
and the great contest now is for the political inde-
pendence of separate communities. This view
becomes deeply interesting to us as independent
States. An habitual exclusion of any portion of
the States of this Confederacy from the fiscal
benefits of this Government, and power over its
action, must end in a sacrifice of their political
independence. Here it is that political power
becomes deeply identified with political liberty.
A people, to be free, must feel that they are so.
Compare these great principles with what now
actually exists,and what has existed for the last
twenty years. In that period of time this Gov-
ernment has collected $420,000,000; and after
throwing out of the calculation the $130,000,000
which have been appropriated for the payment
of the public debt, we then have left $290,000,000,
of which, $210,000,000 have been disbursed in
the middle and northern sections, while only
$80,000,000 have been disbursed in all the other
sections.
Let not gentlemen suppose that the West and
South are factious, when they oppose this sys-
tem of disbursements. No! they see involved
in it the highest interests, and even the liberties
of their country.
I come now to what has been advanced by
others in the progress of this debate. The chair-
man of the " Ways and Means" observed that
the revenue system which this Government had
adopted for the last twenty years was the most
unjust and oppressive that was ever adopted by
any civilized Government. In this, sir, I agree
with him. He also said that the commencement
of this system was the tariff of 1816. To a con-
siderable extent I agree with him here, too. But
when he came to assert that the "compromise
bill" was the consummation of that system, I
confess  I could  not exactly understand him.
