1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Fortification Bill, fyc—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
wtselv abolished the aristocracy of the Old World,
but unless we substitute for it, in the action of this
Government, the territorial interests of the States,
D be ttIt in full effect through the coordinate
bianch, we hive improved nothing on Engh&h
hbertv The Executive, without tins check, ne-
ct-saiily becomes the source of all honor and
po«tr, and absorbs all other interests
la this not the fact now' Is there a practical
man htre who does not know that the Executive
i> at this mommtthe controlling and unrestrained
power of this Confederacy' I& is not proclaimed
with tiiumph that he has a majority in both
Houses'   Where, then, is the practical check '
I maintain, su, that the Government in fact is
changed, and has become absolute. Look at the
history of the times, and doubt it if you can.
Some two vears since the President issued a proc-
lamation for the open purpose of bringing down
civil war upon an independent State of this Union
This extraordinary document declared that the
States " were not, and never were at any period,
sove'reign and independent." This assertion was
directly in the face of all history; for the Decla-
ration of Independence itself announced that
" these Colonies are, and of right ought to be,
free and independent States " The second arti-
cle of confederation declares that " each State re-
tains its sovereignty,frcedom,and independence "
And yet, notwithstanding this bare-faced false-
hood, what was the result' This instrument, by
which the sovereignty, pride, self-respect, and in-
dependence of the States were cloven down by a
single dash, was received amid hallelujahs, and
the very States that were disgraced by it, instead
of calling up the spirit of the entombed Constitu-
tion, bowed down in subserviency, while the
whole nation, by universal acclamation, seemed
to join in the modern apotheosis of its nominal
author. Is there any man now who looks back
coolly who does not believe this to be the procla-
mation that changed the Republic'
And here let me refer to an instance as llhistrat-
íng- the change of the times, and to show that the
whole country, the high and the low, are sinking
under delusion into the universal " humbuggery"
of the day. Last summer I observed an account
of a large meeting in the refined, polished, and
hospitable city of Boston, called to attend the cer-
emony of presenting their distinguished and in-
tellectual citizen with a silver cup, on which was
inscribed "the defender of the Constitution."
Who sustained the principles of the proclama-
tion' Who embodied them in the " force bill'"
Who earned that measure through, and placed
it on the statute-book, consecrating the usurpa-
tion of all power in the hands of the Executive'
This "defender of the Constitution." And it is
remarkable that he, in the very speech in which
he returned his thanks, declared that the Consti-
tution was virtually changed, and that all power
was now in the hands of the Executive. I refer
to this scene merely to show that even the intelli-
gent and educated are falling under the delusions
of the day; and if they be so blind, what must
be expected from others who bask in power and
live by deception' I hope there is no man now,
who can look back upon these two measures, to
which I have alluded, and then see what he now
knows to exist around him, without learning
some impressive and solemn lessons as to the
downward career of the Republic.
But to return. While triumphal arches were
raised, upon which was inscribed "the princi-
ples of the proclamation, the principles of New
England," while he, whose life had been an open
war upon all law, was receiving in the halls of
universities the flattering unction of " doctor of
laws" poured upon his nead, what was the re-
markable fact' He was then actually penning
the order for the lawless seizure of the whole
treasure of the nation.
Considering the state of things, sir, this was a
sagacious and profound move, and those who
planned it well understood the downward prog-
ress of events, and the recorded history of lib-
erty. Usurpation upon usurpation had been
perpetrated The great principles of the Consti-
tution had been subverted. This measure was
absolutely necessary to sustain the power that
had been acquired, and to transmit it to a success-
or"   It diverted public attention from what had
been done. Despotism and usurpation in other
countries rely upon the sword and a standing
army to sustain themselves, but, from the nature
of out institutions, they are compelled here to
rely upon leagued banks, money, office-holders
and office-seekers, bribery, and corruption Law-
less power here relies upon deception and fraud,
while elsewhere it relies upon force
I question veiy much whether, in this country,
we can ever have even the privilege of an appeal
to revolution. Each State has its own peculiar
local interests and peculiar public opinion. This
almost foibids all system and conceit of action,
and he who is at the head of affairs must have
little talent indeed, if, with his tremendous power
and patronage, he is not able to play off one part
of the community against the other. But there
is another cause which I fear may prove fatal to
the prospects of liberty. I very much doubt
whether even a reform can ever take place. With
our immense system of credit, extending itself
into all the ramifications of the community—with
our seven hundred banks pressing down upon all
the secret springs of society, and transacting
business upon calculations made for the future—
I say I doubt whether, upon this vast and com-
plicated system, the various interests of which
no man can fathom, even reform can ever take
place. All those who may be directly or indi-
rectly (and who is not') interested in this stu-
pendous system, would prefer to acquiesce under
a despotism rather than to run the hazard of a
change fiom reform or revolution.
Those who seized the moneyed resources of the
nation, well knew the resistless power they were
to wield, controlling as it does, directly and indi-
rectly, at least one hundred millions of capital.
Other people have to submit to the sword drawn
over them by a conqueror, who may at ¡east have
the manliness of courage to command some re-
spect, but we have to submit to a mean and infa-
mous despotism, sustained by a moneyed power,
controlling, through bribery and corruption, all
that is abandoned and profligate in society. No
wonder that "the whole nation is one common
gambling-house "
Let us now look to a more recent event as dis-
tinctly maiking this great change in our Govern-
ment, and on this point I will take the facts as
stated with so much spirit by the gallant gentle-
man from Vi gima, [Mr. Wise,] and which I
have never seen the slightest pretense to deny. I
allude to the last night of the last Congiess, when
scenes occurred of the deepest importance to the
liberties of this country It was then that the
President, with the first officer of his Cabinet, and
the second office of the Government, came into
the dark recesses of this Capitol, and, through his
vile minions and miserable tools, defeated a meas-
ure of vast importance befoie this House, for the
notorious purpose of waging a popular war upon
the Senate Cromwell went into the House of
Commons at the head of armed men, and ordered
its dissolution But here, sir, we have a President,
who comes not like a soldier, but at the head of
his servile courtiers and sycophants, and practi-
cally asserts his ascendency over both branches
of our Legislature by management and duplicity
Is this our independence under the Constitution'
Is this the check that-we are designed to exercise
by the provisions of that noble instrument * Where
is the spirit of our forefathers> Better, far better
for us to be "dogs and bay the moon," or "toads
and feed on the vapor of a dungeon," than to hold
our seats here only to disgrace the memory of
those who have gone before us. I know that we
are apt to become indifferent and callous under the
habitual contemplation of evils which seem almost
to forbid a remedy. And it is from this that lib-
erty is lost. We sit here and see things which
we have not the courage or manliness to resist.
What la now passing before this country in
the history of the day' An attempt is now openly
being made to expunge the Constitution, and
drag down the Senate in humble penitence before
a master, for having dared to express an inde-
pendent sentiment. If this succeeds it will be
the consummation of our downfall.
Sir,I am aware thatundercertamcircumstances
an individual may desire that his crimes may be
expunged from the memory of man. I am aware
that there are those who would desire to convert
the wholeearth into one universal pandimomum,
only that they might become prominent fiom
their very iniquity, and reign triumphant from
their very guilt. But I am totally at a loss to
understand the feelings that could prompt any
human being to desne to see a whole body of
men, intended by our ancestersto be exalted and
independent, bowing around the throne of a law-
less and reckless man, bearing in their hands the
Constitution to be burnt, that the smoke thereof
may rise to satiate his vengeance, and appeace
his wrath. Sir, it is, it is the reign of Caesai,
and we are cowards, dastards, slaves, if we sub-
mit to this state of things, and shall deserve to
have ourchildreniaise before us their little hands,
and shake their manacles, saying, " Thou did it,
thou did it."
Mr. Chairman, I have said that this is the
reign of Caesar. Sir, I have read the history of
the Roman people to little advantage, if I am to
be deceived at this late day in what I see passing
around me. We are now where that people were
when the empire was to be divided between An-
tony, Octavius, and Lepidus. Casar had folded
his robes, and perished under the dagger of Bru-
tus And although we may have none at present
with the fine talents and acquirements of Antony,
yet we have many with his private profligacy and
abandoned principles. As to Lepidus, I need
only point to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
R M Johnson;] but as he is a member of this
House, I forbear to trace the parallel at present.
The beardless Octavius had done nothing to iden-
tify himself with the glory and the honor of his
country, but he became prominent from the fact
that he was supposed to inherit the sympathy
that was then running so strong in favor of the
fallen Csesar. Wary, artful, and sagacious, he
saw his position, and made the most of it.
We, too, have a modern Octavius, who, wind-
ing his way under the robes of royal favor, pro-
claims himself the true and annointed successor,
pledged to carry out the principles of his master.
What other earthly claims has the Vice Presi-
dent to his present position, except that he is
supposed to be the chosen favorite of him who
has trampled over the liberties of his country'
The gentleman fiom New York [Mr. McKeon]
has declared him to be the only candidate who
has claims upon the whole Union
For the present I pass by an investigation into
his political principles, and shall only refer to
one document, which speaks a language not to
be mistaken, and developes the feelings and the
nature of the man—which writes his history and
his character more fully (han all the volumes that
can be composed by a flattering biographer. No
man can read it Without knowing its author. It
is a letter written from London, in answer to a
committee in New York, who condoled with him
for his rejection as Minister to the Court of St.
Jatnes 1 will read from it the following extract
in relation to General Jackson:
" In testifying to my public conduct, they are pleased to
speak with eulogium of me, as contributing, while in the
Cabinet, to the success ot the present Administration
That signal success I feci called upon to declare, is pre
eminentlydue to the political sagacity, unwearying industry,
and upright, straightforward course of our present venerated
Ohiet All the humble mentí can cl um i«, that of having
exerted myself to the-ntmost to execute his patriotic and
single-hearted views, and of having sacrificed all personal
considerations to insure their success, when threatened
with extraneous embarrassments That my exertions were
arduous, painful, and in<e«sant, I may without vanity
assert; whether my sacrifices have not been repaid with
unmerited detraction and reproach, I leave to my country-
men to determine Still I shall ever regard my situauon
in that Cabinet is one of the most fortunate events of my
life, placing, as it did, me in close and familiar relation
With one who has well been deeenbed by Mr Jefferson as
' possessing more of the Soman in his character than any
man living,' and whose administration will be looked to in
future tunes as a golden era in our history To have served
under sueh a Chief, at >njch a time, and to have won his
confidence and esteem, is a sufficient glory, and of that,
(bank God, n.y enemies cannot deprive me "
Mr. Chairman, I am perfectly aware that many
a man might have uttered such sentiments with-
out any extraordinary degradation If they had
come from one who had forever retired into pri-
vate life, it would have been of no great impoi t-
ance. If they had come from one who was hum-
ble and lowly, and had received private favors
from a benefactor, it would have attracted no at-
tention.   But coming as they did from one who
