702
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Reps.
was artful and sagacious; who had fixed his eye
on the first office of his country with an ambition
that has never varied; who was gazing with eager-
ness for partisan support; I say, sir, that, under
all the circumstances of the case, they are base,
vile, degraded, and degrading sentiments, which
no freeman ever conceived in Ins heart, and none
but a flatterer ever uttered. If I am to have a
leader, in the name of all that is lofty and honor-
able, let him be one who has the feelings, the in-
dependence, the heart, of a man. If I am to fol-
low, let it not be one who cringes before, and
fawns upon the hand of a master. Every feeling
of my soul revolts with acorn and indignation at
such sentiments.
But, sir, look around, and what is the glaring
fact in the history of the day ? These sentiments
have had their weight. Is not the whole patron-
age and power of this Government, at this mo-
ment, wielded for the open purpose of rewarding
their author ? Is it to be disguised that the Balti-
more Convention assembled to nominate a suc-
cessor under the dictation of the President? Is
there a man who has sagacity to perceive conse-
quences, that doubts it? Let those things suc-
ceed, and it is idle to talk about a free Govern-
ment. We may have the exterior of freedom,
but it will be a whitened sepulchre, fair and beau-
tiful to look on, but full of corruption and rotten-
ness within.
I commit no man or no party, but I here take
opportunity to lay down the doctrine, that he
who comes into power under such circumstances,
comes in, to all intents and purposes, as much a
usurper as if he had come in by the sword of
revolution. Such a Government is to be obeyed
merely from political expediency, and not consti-
tutional obligation. What difference, in fact, is
there between a Government brought upon the
country by presidential dictation, fraud, and
patronage, and one forced upon us by the arms
of a conquerer ?
In those countries where the succession may
be fixed by the hereditary laws of the land—
where things have grown up from time imme-
morial, and become the fixed principles of the
Constitution, a people can make claims to free-
dom, if the succession take place consistent with
their institutions. But in this country, where we
have a written Constitution, every line of which
maintains the freedom of the elective franchise,
from the highest to the lowest, if we submit to
dictation or appointment, directly or indirectly,
from any earthly power, we are slaves in feeling
and in fact, and shall deserve our destiny.
The janizaries of Turkey could at one time
bow-string a sultan, and enthrone his successor.
A Roman despot could at one time make his
horse a consul, while his degenerate countrymen
cowered beneath the imperial eagles waving along
the lines of Praetorian bands. Cromwell an-
nointed himself as one prepared to be a martyr,
and called upon his round-head followers to bap-
tize him in the blood of Charles I., that he might
come out a saint fit to wear the robes of a dicta-
tor, and claim the sworn allegiance of a deluded
and enslaved people.
True, we have no janizaries — no Praetorian
bands—no army of the Commonwealth—as yet.
But we have what is meaner, baser, and more
degrading—we have a hundred thousand office-
holders and office-seekers—moneyed corporations
from one end of the Union to the other; we have
the patronage of this Government, and the power
and popularity of the President—all, all, acting
together in concert, and devoted to the sole object
of appointing a successor, and transmitting ill-
gotten power to those who will fawn to receive it.
I care not what may be the principles to be avowed
by such an Administration, I make open uncom-
promising war against the mode and manner of
appointment.
How long are these things to last? Are they
to be borne by a free people ? Think you that
one half of this great nation is forever to be ruled
over by the other half, upon such principles as
these? Think you that the intellectual and vir-
tuous of a great people are forever to be trampled
over and spurned by ignorance and brutal num-
bers ? No, sir; it is not nature to bear it. The
worm that crawls in the dust will turn when trod
on; and shall man, rational man, sink himself
lower than the vilest of creation? Sir, if these
things are to be borne, go first and tear from the
pages of history those leaves which transmit to
posterity our glory and our honor; go first and
gather together the Declarations of our Independ-
ence, and make of them a bonfire; go first to the
graves of our gallant dead, Harrow up their bones,
and scatter to the four winds of heaven their dust
and their ashes; tell our little children these men
are unworthy to be remembered, and their deeds
to be imitated; we must then do more—change
the very names of our own children; ay, we must
change their very natures; turn back the current
that now runs warm from their hearts, and run it
into new channels; pull down the star-spangled
banner, and trample it in the dust beneath your
feet—then, and not until then, shall we be pre-
pared to wear in peace the chains of slaves and
the livery of bondsmen.
Mr. Chairman, I am aware that I have uttered
sentiments ill calculated to suit the public ear. I
know, sir, that I have uttered sentiments which
forever cut me off from all hope of favor from
this Government, or with those who are destined
to control it. But I stand here to speak the truth
to my country. What is a man born for? Is it
that, through deception and sycophancy, he may
wind his way to power? Is it that, for the day,
he may catch passing popularity, that miserable
mushroom thing, which springs up in the moist-
ure and darkness of night, only to wither and die
under the beams of the noon-day sun? No, sir;
man lives that he may live hereafter in the hearts
and affections of his countrymen, for having vin-
dicated their interests, their honor, and their liber-
ties. This, in my opinion, is the highest destiny
that awaits an earthly career.
LOSS OP THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. BEN HARDIN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
January28, 1836,
On Mr. Adams's resolution concerning the loss of the Forti-
fication Bill of the last session.
Mr. HARDIN called for the reading of the
resolution; which was read by the Clerk, and is
as follows:
" Resolved, That so much of the message of the President
of the United States to Congress, at the commencement of
the present session, as relates to the failure, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, of the bill containing the ordinary appro-
priations for fortifications, be referred to a select committee,
with instructions to inquire into, and report to the House,
the causes and circumstances oí the failure of the bill."
The question being on the motion of Mr. Wil-
liams, of North Carolina, to amend, by adding
" with power to send for persons and papers,"°
Mr. HARDIN said:                         if        ,
Mr. Speaker:  It was cither my good or ill
fortune (for at this time I know not in which '
point of view to consider it) to obtain the floor
last evening.    To have consulted my own feel-
ings and wishes on the subject, I ought instantly !
to have proceeded with what I had to say ; it was ;
late, and, to accommodate some gentlemen around '
me, I moved for the House to adjourn, which
motion was agreed to.  Gentlemen in more remote '
parts of the Hall voted for it as a favor accorded
to me.    I owe, and now tender to them, my most
profound acknowledgments for their  kindness
manifested on that occasion.
Sir, the time, manner of presenting, and the
subject-matter of the resolution now under con-
sideration, seem to be a phenomenon in legisla-
tion. _ To review our proceedings for some days
past is neither pleasant nor instructive; they con-
tain nothing to feed our pride, flatter our vanity,
or redound to the honor of this House; there is
something in them so strange, so unaccountable
to an ordinary observer, nevertheless so much in
character with some of the leading members of
the Administration party in this House, that I
hope to be indulged until I recapitulate them.
The appropriation bills have been reported to
this House, and, put them all together, amount
to something like ten millions more than for the
same objects was appropriated last year, and near
that amount more than an average year since the
commencement of the administration of General
Jackson. This excess may be considered by this
House as a war measure, and will be so viewed
by the nation and the world.
These bills were, by an order of the House, at
the instance of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, made the special order of
each day until they are all disposed of. The first
bill taken up was that appropriating money for
the Navy; the House went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on that bill. A
war speech was made by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, in his usual
bustling, swelling manner. Several other speeches
followed; and, towards evening, the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Bvnum] commenced a
warm, animated, and eloquent speech in favor of
the bill, in a high toned war spirit. The speech
was about half finished, when the gentleman gave
place for a motion for the committee to rise, as
it was late in the evening. Next day the whole
House came prepared to enter with spirit into
the discussions of our relations with France* and
all the measures which were about to be taken
connected therewith. The party of the little
Kinderhook hero seemed brimful of fight. We
had been denounced the evening before, by the
gentleman from North Carolina, as the French
party, which he declared now existed in this na-
tion. The imputation we considered as unmer-
ited, and intended to vindicate ourselves from so
foul an accusation. Never did this House as-
semble in a higher state of excitement than was
manifested on the next. day. It was expected
that the debate would progress with increased
animation,and manya parliamentary lance would
be hurled, broken, and shivered into pieces. The
galleries were crowded at an early hour. When
the time arrived for the House again to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the navy bill, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] moved to dispense with
the orders of the day, to take up the bill to relieve
the sufferers by fire in New York. The motion
prevailed; the orders of the day were dispensed
with; the navy bill was laid down, and the bill
to relieve the sufferers by fire in New York taken
up. Some progress was made in that bill; but,
before it was finished—nay, hardly commenced—
the House adjourned. The next day the House
was not permitted to begin where it had stopped.
No; what then was the course of the business ?
The same gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cam-
breleng,] who is the leader of the Jackson Van
Buren party in this House, or, if not the leader,
is put in a position by the Speaker to lead, got
up, addressed the House, and then read or al-
luded to a paragraph in a newspaper, which, he
said, had attacked him personally, as if this
House had anything to do with the newspaper
controversies of the honorable gentleman. As
usual, he pompously commenced avindication of
himself; but, before he had uttered more than
one or two sentences, wound up by saying that
the source from which the alleged slander came
was beneath his notice, and unworthy of him.
I beg the House not to forget that, at the same
time, he intimated that the subject referred to in
the paper would be brought before the House in
another shape by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] who instantly took the floor
with the resolution nowunder debate in his hand,
already cut out and made up to order. The rules
of the House were again dispensed with, (the
gentleman from New York voting for it,) and the
present resolution was offered.
I will not say that there was a secret under-
standing between those two gentlemen that the
resolution should be brought before the House
in this very extraordinary and unprecedented
manner. The reason I will not aver that to be
the fact is, because I do not know it; yet there
seemed to me to be something inexplicable in the
matter, if there was no such understanding. Why
did he rise, allude to the paragraph, and stop
short, without proceeding with his vindication ?
He Was too well acquainted with the rules of thia
House not to know that he was out of order. I
have asked, and again repeat it, why, after he
had commenced his defense, did he stop? and
why did he intimate that the gentleman from
Massachusetts would bring that subject before
