708
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Reps.
remedy of a wasrer of battle to recover the amount ]
admitted to be due? I pause, and ask the gentle-
men on the other side if they have any expecta-
tion of getting the money if they go to war?
Candor will compel them to acknowledge that
they have none. It is an admitted principle that
a war for the money annuls the treaty; and some
even contend that it imposes on the United States
an obligation to pay the amount to the respective
claimants. Should the claim thus be destroyed
by war, then what are we to tight for? Some will
say honor. 1 say revenge, and nothing else, un-
less there be in this war crusade a desire to grat-
ify the feelings and appease the rage of one man.
But suppose the war we are about to engage in
will not abrogate the treaty, and release France
from her obligation to pay the money; can we
enforce payment by arms? Of that there is not
the remotest probability. France has no terri-
tory for us to invade and conquer. It would be
worse than folly—nay, Quixotic madness—to
believe we could invade the dominions of France.
On our part it must be a war on the ocean alto-
gether. Who will win most laurels there none
can tell. When men equally brave and equally
matched meet in battle, victory is in the hands of
the Almighty alone.
Our Navy, including vessels of all descrip-
tions, amounts only to fifty-two ships-of-war; the
French have about two hundred and eighty-four.
Our Navy, notwithstanding the heavy annual ap-
propriations for that Department, is wretchedly
out of repair. What is the condition of that of
France? I know not, except report says it is in
fine order. Of success on the sea we ought not ,
to be sanguine. Count the item of expense in
blood and treasure, and it will be enormous—not
less, in three years, (if the war should last so
long, and none can tell when it will terminate,)
than one hundred million dollars and the lives of
fifty thousand men. The revenue, from all
sourees,will be measurably dried up; and taxes,
direct and indirect, excises, and loans will follow
with all their train of evils, vexations, and op-
pressions. None can recount the calamities of
war, nor can I describe them. Our exports and
imports will average, annually, $250,000,000.
Not less than one thousand vessels besides are
engaged in the fisheries, the sealing business, and
other adventures. The injury this great com-
merce will sustain will be enormous; in fact, it
will be literally swept from the seas. France has
the largest navy, and can do our commerce most
injury; and especially as her commerce is com-
paratively nothing. All the daring spirits of the
world, who wish to privateer, will hoist French
colors; because we have most commerce, and it
will be more exposed, on account of its extension
and want of protection. What will be the de-
plorable situation of the South? Her whole crop
is cotton; the exports of that staple form more
than one half of our whole export trade. Scarcely
a bale will be able to cross the ocean for market;
and even the cotton which will finally get there
will have so heavy an insurance to pay, as ulti- |
mately to yield little or nothing to the grower of
the article. The cotton lands of Mississippi,
Alabama, and Louisiana, have just been brought
into market; the owners are now opening and
preparing them for cultivation; men have gone
largely in debt for lands, negroes, and stock;
heavy anticipations have been made on the grow-
ing crop and the crop to be planted the ensuing
aeason. Should this nation unfortunately be
hurried into a war, all these men are ruined; they
are generally young, enterprising men, who need,
at this moment, the fostering care and protection
of Government. Kentucky is a grain-growing
and stock-raisins: State; she depends on the cot-
ton planters in the South to buy her grain, pro-
duce, and stock; she has scarcely any other mar-
ket. At this time, her agriculture is prosperous,
her prices are good and fair, the hum of business
is everywhere heard, and the bustle of industry
is to be seen all over the land. A war prostrates
everything. Place the nation in a situation that
cotton cannot be transported across the ocean,
the cotton planter cannot buy; the stock and pro-
ducts of Kentucky fall, in price, tolittle or nothing.
The expenses of Government, and individual sac-
rifices of life and property, will be enormous, and
«boost incalculable.
This is not the only point of view in which to
look at this question; there are yet other consid-
erations of high and deep import. France is our
oldest ally, firmest and best friend among the
nations of the earth. When we were in the midst
of our revolutionary struggle, and our fate seemed
to hang on a thread; when the fleets of Great
Britain covered the ocean find her armies our land,
aided by the Powers of Germany, we were then
in our infancy, few in number, and destitute of
everything but real patriotism; our armies had
been defeated, and we were retreating before the
victorious enemy; all foreign Powers refused to
assist us, save one. None here will inquire what
foreign Power was that. The world knows that
was France; her young men, with La Fayette at
their head, poured into America, and helped to
fight our battles; the colors of the two nations,
ranged on the same side, floated in the air to-
gether; and many a noble Frenchman died in our
cause fighting for us, and winning the liberty we
now enjoy, nominally, at least.
In the assistance which France rendered to the
United States during the revolutionary war, and
until peace was made by her with Great Britain,
her losses and sacrifices, in men, ships, and money,
were immense.    Thousands of lives were lost,
and hundreds of millions were expended; and,
for all these losses, sacrifices", and disbursements,
she never charged one cent.    And now, after all
that, shall we go to war with that nation for
$4,700,000?    Gentlemen may say, what will you
then do?   I say, repeal the laws we passed in
compliance with the treaty on our part; and, if
that will not do, I would go further—I would
impose additional duties upon her wines, silks,
and brandies; we can obtain the same articles
elsewhere.    I have no doubt these commercial
regulations would effect the desired object.  There
is  yet another consideration  why a war with
France is to be deprecated.    One of the States in
this Union once belonged to France, its popula-
tion is principally French.    Suppose a French
army were to invade that State and occupy it; the
whole valley of the Mississippi and Ohio is shut
out from all direct communication with the resi-
due of the world; situated as that country is, it
would take a great deal of hard fighting to dis-
lodge them.    I beg gentlemen not to be precip-
itated either into war or war measures; for there
is no real difference between them, as war meas-
ures will lead to war itself.    The most disastrous
battle that was ever fought in Kentucky was that
of the Blue Licks, August 19, 1781; that was
brought on prematurely by the bravadoes of one
man.    The  Indians were on the north side of
Licking river; one detachment of the Kentuckians
was on the south, waiting for the main body to
come up, which was under General Logan.    The
Indians showed  a few warriors on the north.
This man insisted upon crossing the river and
pursuing them;  he was admonished that their
whole force was immediately on the other side
in ambush ready for the combat, and that it was
advisable to wait until the main army came up.
The man, who was a Major McGary, spurred
his horse, dashed into the river, called on all brave
men to follow him, and delared that none would
stay behind but cowards.    This conductinduced
all to fellow him.   The ambuscade was sprung,
the detachment was defeated, and nearly all cut
off"save McGary himself. The men who followed
had the physical courage to die, but not the moral
courage to bear the imputation of cowardice, and
that from a man who, as the sequel proved, was
! peculiarly careful of bis own life.
I     It is not the man of words and boasting that is
! the brave man, that fights hardest, and is soonest
! to sacrifice his life in his country's cause; to that
! man " it is not sweet to die for his country."
¡ We are informed that France has assembled a
large navy in the West Indies, and will shortly
either insult our flag or make a descent on our
coast.    I do not believe that either event will take
place.   However, the moment France shall add
insult to the injustice of the delay of payment,
then it becomes an affair of honor, and our repu-
tation will be injured by submitting to it.   When
that  event shall arrive, I will then agree with
gentlemen to go to war.
" I recollect to have once read, when, upon a
wager of battle, one of the combatants, after he
got into the ring, declined the combat, the other
vauntingly called him a coward; he resented it,
and swore he lied, and said, " I did not fight you
at first because I had no cause of quarrel; but
now 1 will fight you for the present insult to the
death." He made good his words, and slew his
adversary.
We are told that France requires us to make
an apology before she will pay the money. I
am against any apology. I would not degrade
the nation so low for one hundred million—nay,
no sum could buy me to consent to an apology.
To apologize for the insult of demanding what
France agreed to pay is absurd and preposterous;
and to apologize for the message of the President
to Congress is equally inadmissible. It was not
spoken in our national character, in our exterior
and foreign relations. France had no right to
notice it.
It is worthy of a passing remark to inquire to
whom are those $4,700,000 to be paid? To our own
citizens, nominally, I know, but, in reality, four
fifths of it will go to the insurance offices in Great
Britain, stock-jobbers, and speculators. The
vessels captured by the French were principally
engaged in the carrying of British goods into the
ports of Europe, in contravention to the Berlin and
Milan decrees. The presumption is, that policies
of insurance were effected on the vessels and car-
goes in London.
I have remarked, Mr. Speaker, that I believed
that this resolution was got up for effect in the
canvass now going on for the next President; and
that 1 believed that this war and war panic are
intended for the same unholy purpose.
It has been visible to the whole American peo-'
pie, for some years past, that General Jackson
has been, and is now, ambitious of designating
his official successor; and that all his power, in-
fluence, and patronage have been directed to the
elevation of his favorite, whose only recommend-
ation is his servility, sycophancy, and abject flat-
tery of the President; one who weeps when he
frowns, and laughs aloud when he smiles, and
who has no merit but what is reflected on him
from GeneralJackson. Like the moon,he shines
by a borrowed light altogether.
War, or even the preparation for war, with the
patronage connected with it and growing out of
such a state of things, gives an immense addi-
tional power to the Executive. Suppose, instead
of disbursing twenty millions next year, which
will be about a fair peace expenditure, we are
plunged into a war; or, under a war panic, we
disburse forty or fifty millions. The additional
expenditure of twenty or thirty millions will en-
able the office-holders'party to influence and con-
trol, in the approaching elections, three hundred
thousand votes; and all this to be done for the
glorious purpose of continuing, for eight years
longer, the power of the present party which is
at the head of the Government.
This view of the subject is further verified by
the fact that there are bills on'the table to expend
near five millions on fortifications for the ensu-
ing year, not one of which can be finished time
enough to answer the purposes of defense, if we
should shortly get into a war. One of the bills
contains appropriations of about two and a half
millions for forts not yet begun—nay, even the
sites are not selected. We know that these new
forts cannot be finished intime; and the com-
mencing of them will, if we have war, only in-
vite the enemy to land and destroy the materials
as fast as they are collected to erect the forts.
This last new fortification bill awakens in me a
kind of suspicion that the Administration party
does not expect war; but wishes, with war prep-
arations, war patronage, and war appropriations,
to carry the election in favor of the pet of Gen-
eral Jackson; which may God, in his mercies
manifested towards this afflicted land, prevent.
Who are the candidates before the people, and
who are intended to be affected by this resolu-
tion ? White, Webster, Van Buren, and Harri-
son. Harrison, Webster, and White, are men
whose deeds will live after them; and whose
memory will be handed down to after generations
yet unborn. Their actions are of a kind to be
claimed by the nation as public property, and as
identified with their country's honor and glory
Little Van has nothing to boast, except " ,he
the
