1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
24th Cong....1st Sess.
honor of serving- under such a chief as General
Jackson."
Van Buren claims the Presidency as a paternal
estate by descent; he arrogates to himself, by a
masical kind of inheritance, the glories achieved
by Jackson in the late war. The party cannot
meet to do anything for him, unless it be on the
8th of January, the day when the western hunters
won the victory at Orleans. I do not know
whether it is most calculated to excite our laughter
or indignation and contempt at seeing the glory
obtained on that day transferred from the West
to New York—a State, during our revolutionary
war, only famed for Tories.
Is there any scene in this wide world so ridicu-
lous as to see Van Buren's friends place him be-
fore the people as the war-party candidate, and
denounce Harrison and his friends as pusillani-
mous,cowardly,and ready to betray their country
—Harrison, who spent his youth, his manhood,
and the prime of his life, in camps and in battles,
in fire and smoke, combating in his country's
cause? As for Van Buren, he never smelt gun-
powder in his life. Many a bloody field can attest
Harrison's achievements, and emblazon his fame
and glory abroad. Kentucky has won laurels
with him and under him; he always did herbrave
sons, living or dead, justice in the field and justice
in his reports to the War Department. In this
approaching election the world will bear witness
that Kentucky, amongst her other great virtues,
boasts the proud one of gratitude. I know that
one of her sons, in whom she is well pleased, has
oeen selected to run on the Van Buren ticket for
Vice President. This is a New York maneuver;
it is sop to Jowler. Kentucky will not bite at the
bait. We would delight to do honor to the can-
didate for Vice President; he has also won his
fame in deeds of noble daring; but he must recol-
lect that if a man marries a woman below him in
the grades of society, he elevates her to his level.
If above him, he brings her down to his own
caste. So is the fate of the candidate for Vice
President. The candidate for President on the
same ticket regulates the votes altogether.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has said
that those who voted against the appropriation of
the three millions last session had but one step
inore to take, and that was to open the doors of
the Capitol to the enemy, and then join them;
that he was prouder of his vote last session in
favor of the appropriation than any act of his
whole life.   How flaming is the zeal of the new
convert.    He was Secretary of State eight years
during the administration of Mr. Monroe, and
was four years President himself; during all which
time the French refused to indemnify us for our
losses, and yet then he was not so full of fight.
I recollect, in the play of Cato, when he called his
little Senate together at Utica, just as Caesar was
marching on the city, the fury and impetuous zeal
of Sempronius; how he exclaimed—
" My voice is stiJI for war.
Goda, can a Roman Senate long debate
Which of the two to choose, slavery or death'
No, let us rise at once, gird on our swords,
And, at the head of our remaining troops,
Attack the foe, break through the thick array
Of his throng'd legions, and charge home upon him.
Perhaps some arm, more lucky than the rest,
May reach his heart, and free the world from bondage."
And how Lucius modestly replied—
" My thoughts, I must confess, are turned on peace."
I also well recollect the sequel, and I beg the
House to mark it; and I hope it will somewhat
attract the attention of the honorable gentleman <
from Massachusetts.    Sempronius deserted to j
Caesar the next night, and Lucius remained with I
Cato, and fought it out like a man.   This same |
Sempronius whispered Cato to beware of Lucius
—that he was a traitor.
Who are the men the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has attacked in his resolution ? Whom
«as he abused in his speech, and whom has he
denounced as traitors?—for I disdain to notice his
pitiful subterfuge by saying he meant no one—it
was only a personification—a figure of ppeech.
They were his old friends and political support-
ers, who stood by him in former times, and faced
the battle and the breeze; who, on account of their
supporting him, have been proscribed by the Gov-
ernment and party in power, and are now in a
state of exile as it respects their own Government
Advances for Florida War—Mr. Johnson.
and the administration thereof; they are an abused '
and vilified set of men; their only fault, endeavor-
i ing to sustain him. In this situation, what a
deplorable spectacle does the gentleman exhibit!
the very man for whom they are now suffering
has turned against them, and joined the ranks of
their enemies; has become their fiercest assailant,
most inexorable foe; driving them to the wall,
and then attempting to pin them up against it.
How base the treachery, how black the ingrati-
tude, and, at the same time, how melancholy the
sight, to see an old man, with the frost of seventy
winters on his head, pushed on by a blind ambi-
tion and love of office, or rather the emoluments
of office, thus to prostrate and degrade himself,
and forever blast the reputation acquired by fifty
years of honorable public service!
When I recollect how, in 1823, in the contest
for President between the honorable gentleman
and General Jackson, I labored in his cause, rode
over Kentucky, and  addressed the people for ;
hours together, with what indignation am I fired !
at his conduct now!    In a spirit of true repent-
ance do I declare, that if God will forgive me for |
what I then did, I promise never to do the like
again.                                                                          j
The gentleman from Massachusetts says "we
(meaning himself and others) have been accused
of man-worship"—alluding to his worshipping
General Jackson. I do not believe that any gen-
tleman ever accused him of such devotion to any !
man or any friend in the world as to amount to
man-worship. Caesar, Bonaparte, and Washing-
ton were said never to forget a favor or desert a
friend: if any person has ever charged the gen-
tleman with that quality of the heart, I never
1 heard it. I expect it is not man the gentleman
worships—it is office and its emoluments.
The gentleman from North Carolina said there
were two parties—the democracy and the aris-
! tocracy of the country; and that the battle had I
1 to be fought between them one day or another,
and he was willing to engage in the rotundo of
the Capitol. These remarks seemed to me to
have a direct allusion to the Senate. It is cer-
tainly unparliamentary to use such language.
Would the gentleman wish to engage in a confliet
with two hundred and forty young men against
forty-eight old ones?    I hope not.
The Senate has been alluded to in very abusive
terms by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
What has wrought this wonderful change in his
opinion of that body, here of late, I cannot im-
agine. Last summer was a year, when he was
invited to participate in a public dinner given to
the Senators of Massachusetts, the answer of that
gentleman, and his toast, read in these words:
Qoincv, July 29, 1834.
Sir: I have received your obliging invitation, in behalf
of the Whigs of Salem, of my attendance at a dinner to be ]
given to the Senators of the Commonwealth in the Con-
gress of the United Suites. Cordially approving the con-
duct of those eminent citizens, m the station assigned to
them by the confidence of their constituents, 1 regret that
my engagements will deprive me of the pleasure ot joining
with you in the festivity by winch 30U propose to signalize
your approbation of the firmness and ability with which
they have discharged the trust committed toiliem. Of the
importance of the services rendered by them to our common
country, m the trying emergencies which mark the present
era of our history, I entertain the liveliest sense. It is in j
the Senate of the confederated nation (and I regret to be
obliged, from the deepest conviction, to add, in the Senate j
alone,) that the friends of our Union, and of its free, re- [
publican institutions, can find a solid foundation for the
clieenng hope that they will be preserved and redeemed
from the imposture of pretended reform, from the frcnzyof
senseless experiments, and trom the rapacity of Executive
usurpations.
With this impression, I tender to the Whigs of Salem, ¡
with my thanks for their friendly invitation, the following |
sentiment:                                                                     ¡
The constitutional check of the Senate, fearlessly and 1
faithfully applied to the Executive simple machine.
And remain, very respectfully, sir, your obedient ser-
vant,                                 JOHN aUINCY ADAMS.
Leverett Saltonstall, Esq., Salem.
The Senate, late on the night of the last ses-
sion of Congress, sent a polite note or resolution ¡
to this House, apprising it of the result of the
agreementof the conferees, and inviting the atten-
tion of the House to the subject. This, the gen-
tleman says, was a gross insult to the House,
and, if there had been time, he would have asked
of the House to have sent him with the resolu-
tion back to the Senate; and if he had taken it
i there, he would have thrown it on the floor with I
Ho. of Reps.
ineffable contempt, (accompanying that expres-
sion with a remarkable contortion of Lis body,
by squatting, and then jumping up wnli a jirk,
and a violent inclination of the body to the left.)
How ridiculous would such behavior have been
in a gentleman of his age and standing; and with
what pity would that dignified body have wit-
nessed the impotent rage of an old man display-
ing such fantastic antics!
Mr. Speaker, when we take a view of the
present condition of the United States, there is
everything to deplore,and nothing to console us.
We appropriate every year millions upon mil-
lions for our Navy, and it has gone to decay,
scarcely a vessel fit for service. We have appro-
priated, since the last war, about fourteen millions
for fortifications; they are now in a state of
wretched dilapidation, but few guns mounted,
and generally unmanned. No energy in our
Army, as our late disasters in Florida bear mel-
ancholy testimony; no spirit and love of enter-
frise in the officers. While the war is raging in
'lorida with all its horrors, and in its most
frightful forms, and we are in the daily expecta-
tion of a war with France, what do we beheld
here, in this city, and in this Hall? Day after
day are we importuned to surrender this Chamber
to the Secretary of the Department of War, to
deliver a lecture on history; I suppose the ancient
history of the Assyrians, Babylonians, Egyptians,
Persians, Carthagenians, and Grecians. Instead
of studying the plans of campaigns, marches, and
battles, he is poring over the history of nations
twenty-five hundred years gone by. The general-
in-chief of our Army is president of the assembly
balls, as our daily papers tell us, and, report
says, night after night waltzing with the little
misses in their teens; and, when not at that,
writing miserable plays for the stage. There is
no laudable spirit of enterprise and emulation in
the Army, Navy, or any part of the public ser-
vice. Why this state of things? Because pro-
motion to office does not now depend on merit,
but by bowing, fawning, and cringing in the
palace; for all power is there. When the chief
there frowns, and stamps his foot, the whole
menial pack fear and tremble. We are thrown
upon evil and degenerate times; our Government
has every symptom of a speedy dissolution.
When the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts charged treason upon a part of this
House, the majority huzzaed, clapped their hands,
and shouted, enacting just such scenes as took
place in the convention during the Jacobinical
times of the reign of terror, in the days of Marat
and Robespierre. When a man was denounced
in the House by either of these blood-thirsty ty-
rants, the members of the convention applauded
in a tumultuous manner, and immediately voted
the arrest of the member denounced, however in-
nocent. Before night the guillotine received its
victim, and he was numbered with the dead.
The storms of misfortune and adversity have
been threatening us from every quarter—east,
west, north, and south. They have gathered over
our heads, and threaten every moment to burst
upon us, and destroy our liberties forever. I put
my hope and trust in God, who has saved us in
all our trials and difficulties heretofore, that He
will yet preserve us free and independent, and
dispel the clouds now lowering over us; and that
He will give us once more a clear, serene polit-
ical sky.
ADVANCES FOE FLORIDA WAR.
SPEECH OF HON. R. M. JOHNSON,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
May, 1836,
On the bill to pay money advanced by Charleston, and other
southern cities, to prosecute the Florida war, ice.
Mr. JOHNSON said, it is not to give utterance
to indignant feelings at the opposition to this
measure, that I now address the House. It is
not a party measure which is before us, but a
measure which calls for concert of action with all
parties. It is a subject of too great importance
to admit of procrastination by indulging in party
invectives.   Our responsibilities are not to each
