1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
erties of this nation, the last hope of man, essen-
tially depend
It i¡> always with reluctance that I trespass
upon the time of the House; but, m defense of
the Military Committee, from whom the measure
emanated, I have been compelled to submit these
remarks.
POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
May 23, 1836
The House having resumed, in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration  of the bill  making appropimions  for
cermn f)rtitications of the United  Stdtis for the year
1S36   the que-tion Dending being the motion ot Mr Cam
ireieno,ind an amendment thereto, offered by Mr Mer
cer—
Mr UNDERWOOD rose and said-
Mr  Cburmiv The debate which has jrown
out of the amendment proposed to the blunder
consideration has embraced almost every topic
connected with the policy of the Government and
its administration.    Parties, the press, the con-
duct of the Executive, the proper system of pub-
lic defense, the surplus revenue, the propriety of
distributmgamong the States the public lands, and
avauety of other subjects, have been brought be-
fore the committee in the progress of the discus-
sion   I do not propose to notice all that has been
said deserving, as I think, the severest reprehen-
sion , but, sir, I feel the duty which I o we to those
who sent me here to utter on this occasion what
I believe to be their sentiments and their opinions
on some of the great questions of this debate.
In relation to the parties into which the people
of this country are at this time divided, I have
a few remarks to make.   The old  landmarks
which distinguished the Federal and Republican
parties have been destroyed     The Federal party
of 1801 were overthrown because of the opinion,
justly entertained, that they were disposed to
enlarge and extend the powers of the General
Government beyond the limits of the Constitu-
tion    The alien and sedition acts, passed by the
Federal  party,  constituted   the  evidence  upon
which their condemnation was based.    The con-
test between the Federal and Republican parties
was one for the establishment of great princi-
ples of Government.    The Republican party tu-
umphed     I rejoice in its success.    In the prog-
ress of events, those who succeeded as heirs to
the political inheritance left by the Republicans
of 1798 and  1801, deemed it proper to change
the name of their party     They assumed the ap-
pellation of the Democratic party, with a view to
express and enforce the idea of a complete iden-
tity m feeling and interest with the great body of
the people.    Under this name, those who elected
our present Chief Magistrate have acted and been
known.   But, sir, with the change of their name
from the Republican to the Democratic party, they
have cnanged their pnnciples, and, if we aie to
know their creed from their conduct, they aie
now the political worshipers of an elective des-
potism.   Those who lead the party have violated
every promise made to the people, and their idol,
the President, has, by his conduct, utterly disre-
garded most, if not all, of his avowed principles
In the present aspect of our political affairs, I
recognize but two parties     The separation be-
tween them is marked by strong and obvious
lines     One of these parties ardently desires to
elevate and improve the moral, intellectual, reli-
gious, and physical condition of society.   Devo-
tion to equal laws, and opposition to artificial
differences and distinctions, such as result from
unjust and partial legislation, constitute the creed
of this party     Its members would open the ave-
nues which lead to wealth, to fame, to all the
heights of human glory, and allow every citizen,
no matter how humble his origin, to enter for the
race, untrammeled by legal impediments.   With
his party, intellectual and moral worth, patriot-
ism, and talents, are sought after, when office is
to  be conferred.    The members of this party
neither ask nor desire any exclusive privileges
They aie opposed to all laws conferring advant-
ages or benefits on one or more individuals which
are denied or withheld from the people at large
They desire to see no other distinctions among
men than those which result from greater ind us ti y,
more care, supeuor natural endowments, and
higher moral qualities. Such distinctions are
founded in the nature of things, and produce dif-
ferences enough among men, without the aid of
human laws favoring any one class or set of men
at the expense of others.
The other party feels but little solicitude for the
moral, intellectual, religious, and physical im-
provement of their race. Judging from the con-
duct of the members of this party, we should be
led to the conclusion that they deemed it proper,
if not commendable, to play upon the prejudices
and credulity of mankind, to secure any personal
profit or emolument. Theirprofessions frequently
seem to proceed fiom coirect principles, buttheir
practices piove that the sound doctnnes they
preach, and the clamor made in their propaga-
tion, are nothing more than a component part of
a cunningly-devised system of popular deception,
by which the unhallowed schemes of corrupt am-
bition aie made to prosper, and the interests of
the country at large are sacrificed The members
of this party constitute a banditti in search of
" spoils." Judgmg of others by the suggestions
and feelings of their own corrupt hearts, they are
ever ready to attribute the basest motives and de-
signs to those w ho oppose them, and, with a view
to prostiate all opposition, it is a part of their
policy to endeavoi to overwhelm their adversaries
by defamation and lies. They purchase the venal
with office and gold, and intimidate the honest
by proscription. Such a party is not properly
designated by any party appellation heretofoie
known, and I shall take the liberty of giving them
a name suited to their groveling pui poses and
infamous principles. Sir, it should be denomin-
ated the sop party, because those who compose
it resemble Judas Iscanot in this that they will
sit down at the same table, and dip in the same
dish with their master, and then rise up and be-
tiay him for thirty pieces of silver. No confi-
dence can be reposed in them, for they are alto-
gether soidid, selfish, and unprincipled.
That there is such a party in this country, at
this time, no one can doubt who will attentively
examine and consider passing events. I will not
affirm, nor do I believe, that all the members of
this paity, those who cooperate in prosecuting
its worst measures, are acquainted with the ex-
tent, the height and depth of the wickedness of
their leaders. Paul the Apostle, at one time, sin-
cerely thought he was rendering God service by
persecuting unto death the disciples of Christ
There may be pure motives in performing dele-
terious actions.
Party power and misrule have not yet obtained
a complete ascendency over public opinion Some
respect is yet paid to any strong demonstration
of populai sentiment But the cunning of party
has devised a plan to give tone and direction to
the sentiments and opinions of the people The
device consists in the use of a pensioned press de-
voted to the interests of paiticular men, and feel-
ing no sympathy for the community Every
species of misiepresentation and falsehood in re-
gard to measures, and every sort of detraction
and slander in íegard to men, are printed and
published for the puipose of deceiving the people
and controlling the elections. Corrupt politicians
use corrupt editors for the purpose of corrupting,
deceiving, and ruling the people. These editors,
without the least shame, will accept a biibe in
the shape of patronage from the hand of power,
and then turn and vilify those whom they have
eulogized, and, with the servility of slaves, flat-
ter those whom they have abused and cursed. It
is their vocation to endeavor to bring suspicion
and odium upon every one who will not worship
their idol, and hence it is that a corrupt and
bribed press teem with the grossest calumnies
against the purest and best men of the nation
Sir, I regret that this House has been deemed a
fit place, by many members of Congress, to vin-
dicate themselves against attacks made upon them
in the newspapers. I do not consider this the
proper place to notice the falsehoods which editors
may print and publish with a view to ruin my
reputation; and I regret that any gentleman, in
the course of this oi any other debate, should
have deemed it proper to consume time by noti-
cing the statements ot the Glooe 1 would is soon
think of descending to the level of a polecat, and
waging war with that animal In such a contest,
however successful a man may be, he is vei v apt
to remain in bad odor, even w 'th his friends, for
a long time after it is ended
Mr Chaitman, the people of the district I rep-
resent understand the trick-, of political knaves,
played off thraugh the instrumentality of a cor-
rupt press The press, when honestly conducted,
is tiuly the palladium of liberty, but, when pros-
tituted to subserve the base pui poses of a sop
party, it becomes a formidable engine of tyianny.
The chief who suboins and uses a corps of scan-
dalous and calumniating editois, thereby evinces
to the world Ins infamous means and las reckless
corruption in using them
I shall now call your attention, Mr. Chairman,
to the surplus revenue, and the propriety of dis-
tributing it among the States in proportion to
their Federal population. Upon this subject,
thiee questions present themselves:
1    Is there any surplus to distribute'
2   Has Congiess constitutional power to dis-
tribute it'
3    Does good policy require its distribution'
I propose to answei these questions in their
order Upon the first point, I shall be very brief.
The lucid remarks of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Cushing] have satisfactorily
proved the existence of a large surplus, and I
will not fatigue the committee by going over the
ground he has traveled before me According to
the report of the Secietary of theTieasury, there
was in the deposit banks, to the ciedit of the
Treasury of the United States, on the 1st day of
April, 1636, the sum of #33,294,024 08. If the
accruing íevenues, during the last thiee quarters
of the year, shoulel be equal to the expenditures,
then that sum might be distributed among the
States, without injury to the operations of the
General Government Will the money daily
coming into the Treasury supply the demand,
and meet the daily disbursements necessai y to be
made ?
In the estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, presented at the commencement of the ses-
sion, he required for the service of the year J836
the sum of $23,133,640 Admitting that this sum
should be increased to $26,000,000, in conse-
quence of the Indian wars prevailing in Florida,
Alabama, and Georgia, then we should ask, will
the revenues of the year supply that sum ' We
know, from the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that the amount of revenue received
during the first quarter exceeds $10,725,000, at
the same rate for the three remaining quarters, the
total revenue of the year will exceed $42,900,000.
Deduct the sum of $26,000,000, which may be
required foi the service of the cunent year, and
there will be a balance left of the revenue accru-
ing in 1836, of $16,900,000, which, when added
to the balance remaining in the Treasury on the
1st of January last, of $21,169,455, would pro-
duce a suiplus of $38,069,455, on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1837, without taking into consideiation the
$7,000,000 of stock in the Bank of the United
States But, sir, if it be conceded that the rev-
enue of 1im36, for the thiee remaining quarters,
will not, in any one of them, equal that of the
fiist quarter, then, I ask, how many millions will
it fall short' For such is the state of things, that
you may deduct millions, and yet be able to dis-
tnbute among the States $30,000,000 of the sur-
plus. I do not admit, however, that there will
be any material diminution in the revenue during
the balance of this, or in many years to come.
Theie is danger to be apprehended, and great
danarei, too, from the number and condition of the
¡ ix hundred banks which cover the country fiom
Missouu to the Atlantic, and fiom Maine to
Louisiana. The great dispan ty between the paper
circulation and the amount of specie in their vaults
issuch.thatasudden panic may burst the bubble,
and reproduce the scenes of 1819-20 But the
disastrous consequences of such an event, how-
ever lasting and fatal to the hopes and fortunes
of paiticular individuals, would only give a tem-
porary shock to the onward movement of this
young and giowing nation. The nation, as here-
tofore, would soon recover from the effects of
