1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
use of the land, " according to their usual respect-
ive propoitions in the general charge and expend-
iture," not as then fixed by any given rule, but
Raving Congress thereafter free to apportion the
benefits, so as to make them coi respond with the
burdens imposed on the States. That such was
the intention of Virginia, in the act of cession, is
too manifest to need further remaik; and, as
there is nothing to direct the partition of the
benefits according to a rule then fixed, we are
now at liberty to cairy into effect the liberal and
benevolent design of that Stnte, accoiding to its
spirit, and to make the apportionment with a
Mew to the burdens imposed by the existing sys-
tem of taxation Under this view of the subject,
what ought the rule to be ' By the Constitution,
direct taxes are to be levied on the people of the
States according to Federal numheis Indirect
taxes, or duties on imports, are burdens upon
consumers; and, as it is reasonable to conclude
that the Slates consume in proportion to their
Federal numbers, a division of the lands, or the
money arising fiom their sale, according to Fed-
eral numbers, will do equal justice to the people
of all the State"?, and accomplish the object of
Virginia Her deed of cession imperatively de-
mands such a division, because there is no other
way by which you can give each State a pioper
share of the benefits derived from the public
lands since the national debt has been wholly
discharged. You are bound to use the fund for
the benefit of the States. They are capable of
managing the fund foi themselves, and are willing
to relieve you of the trust. Why not, then, hand
over the estate to those who own it, and who are
laboung under no disability' The States are not
infants or lunatics. They icquiie no guardians
or trustees.
Under the Articles of Confederation, the lands i
ceded by Virginia and Georgia were accepted for '
the purposes I have stated. The Confederation
was bound to dispone of them foi the uses men-
tioned; and the sixth article of the Constitution
of the United States declaies that "all debts con-
tracted, and engagements entered into, befoie the
adoption of this Constitution, ahall be as valid
against the United States under this Constitution,
as under the Confederation " We are therefore
bound to respect and comply with the engage-
ment made relative to the lands ceded by Virginia
before the adoption of the Constitution. The
second clause in the third section of the fourth
article of the Constitution saves and recognizes
the claims of Virginia and every other State to
an interest in the public land, and leaves the sub-
ject to abide the principles established under the
Confederation. Under that clause, Congress has
power " to dispose of" the land, and good faith
requires such disposition as was contemplated by
the ceding States. The money arising from the
sale of the land may be " disposed of" as the land
itself. Converting the land into money facilitates
the disposition of the land in regard to the ulti-
mate objects to which the land itself must be ap-
plied. There is no distinction between the money
raised by the sale of the land and the land, in
reference to the constitutional power of Congress
m disposing of them If \ou can give the land
itself to the States, so. may you give the money
for which you sell the land, and so may you
give the crops and rents which issue out of the
land
I am done with the question of constitutional
Ítower A committee of this House, (and I be-
leve of the Senate likewise,) has reported that
we can receive the bequest made by Smithson
If millions are placed in your Treasury by donors
and testators, restricted indeed is your power if
you cannot make gifts as well as receive them.
But, in regard to the public lands, the people of
the States ask for no gift, they demand what be-
longs to them; what they have purchased and
paid for with their money and their blood; what
was theirs by conquest and by treaty; and that
which is now theirs in a strictly legal sense—this
Government being nothing more than the stake-
holder for their use and benefit. I will no w pro-
ceed to show that every consideration of policy
requires a distribution among the States of the
surplus millions in theTreasuiy. The policy of
the measure will be best shown by inquiring how
the States will use the money if they get it, and
how you, sir, and those associated with you, will
use it if you keep it.
First. How will the States use it' They are
now (or most of them) boi rowing money for the
purpose of improving their internal condition
They are engaged in constructing railroads and
canals, in macadamizing turnpikes, and render-
ing their nvers permanently navigable The
progress already made in such works, and the
benefits already derived from them, have stimu-
lated the States to put forth all their energies in
completingimprovementsheietofore commenced,
and beginning new works which cannot fail to
promote the public welfarp Those States which
folded their arms, and did nothing to open and
impiove the channels of commerce and intercourse
which nature had furnished in magnificent uvers,
but which were useless in consequence of some
tuning obstructions—States which seemed never
to have conceived the idea of cieating a channel
of trade and travel ent.iely aitificial—have been
loused from their lethargy by the prosperous
examples around them They now see that they
aie doomed to perpetual infeiiority, unless they
cieate for themselves the same kind of facilities
which have elevated their neighbors, and poured
in upon them a flood of prosperity The farmers
of the West are no longer content to break down
wagons, kill horses, and fret and curse in a ren-
counter with a mud-hole; they are no longer con-
tent to place their pioduce upon the margin of
some river, and there let it lie until a freshet en-
ables them to take it to a distant market. Sn,
I speak for my constituents, (and I believe it is
true in regaid to the whole West,) when I say
that they ai e detei mined to have the same advant-
ages which other people enjoy, and that we feel
that we have intelligence and energy enough to
accomplish what other people have accomplished.
Kentucky and the West have embarked in mak-
ing rivers navigable, in making railroads and
canals; and to go on with the work we have found
it necessary to borrow money. The State I, in
part, represent has authorized her Governor to
contract for $2,000,000; other western States
have borrowed much more.
Now, sir, if you will distribute $30,000,000, the
shaie which Kentucky would receive, according
Xo Federal numbers, will exceed $1,500,000 This,
with the future dividends of the suiplus which
may hereafter accrue, would enable Kentucky to
complete her public works without paying inter-
est on borrowed capital, and would avoid the ne-
cessity of imposing taxes upon her citizens The
money arising from the sales of public lands may,
in all time to come, be regarded as a surplus for
distribution, unless war or some other great na-
tional calamity should afflict us; for the revenue
derived from customs and other sources will be
equal to meet every useful expenditure which the
Government ought to make. What would you
think of a farmer who desired to improve his es-
tate, and who should borrovv money at a high
interest with which to do it, when he had his chest
full of dollars, owned by lnm,and which he might
use without payinginteiest to any one' Astraight
jacket and a lunatic asylum should be his portion.
And yet, sir, such conduct is a fair illustration of
the conduct of the present Congress, if we fail to
divide among the States the surplus millions in the
Tieasury. We behold the States in every direc-
tion, borrowing at interest to carry on their pub-
lic works; and we set here playing the dog in the
manger over surplus millions The real or pre-
tended scruples of the Piesident, and his unintelli-
gible distinctions between national ñnd not national
works, between that part of a river above and that
part of the samenver6e/otcaportofentiy;and his
ready exercise of the veto power, have paralyzed
the action of the General Governmenf in regard to
internal improvements, except in the most partial
manner. When the broad and liberal system,
sanctioned by former Administrations, has been
broken up, and when we see the people of the
States taking it up, and determined to progress
with it, we should give them the means which ,
belong to them to go on with the work. If you
will do it, I shall be reconciled, in a gieat degree,
to the destruction of the system as a part of the
business of this Government.                                  i
Only think, for a moment, of the great works |
which  the States would accomplish  with the I
money. New York mighteven surpass her splen-
did Erie canal, by the construction of her con-
templated raih oads and ship canals. Indiana and
Illinois, following the example of Ohio, would
soon unite the waters of the lakes with those of
the Mississippi. Charleston and New Orleans
might, in a few years be connected with Cincin-
nati and Nashville by railroads; and my constit-
uents might see their rivers improved to the
highest navigable points, and their towns and
villages connected with those rivers by íailroada.
I will not dwell upon the gieat works which
the States might, and probably would, construct
with the money. Eveiyone knows that agri-
culture, commerce, trade of all sorts, and the
whole business of life, would be beneficially af-
fected by the execution of that system of im-
provement which this Government has thrown
aside, and which the States have taken up The
statesman who, when he has it in his power,
refuses to secure these blessings to the people,
will meet their indignation, and will feel the re-
morse consequent on the knowledge that he de-
serves it.
But, sir, I would not limit the States in the uses
and objects to which they might apply the money.
They might, if they chose, appropriate it to the
education of their childien Some of the States
would piobably apply at least a portion of it to
that object, and I would not only sanction it, but
desire it I regaid the system of common school
education, which prevails in New England and
your own State, Mr. Chairman, [Mi. Mann, of
New York, occupied the chair,] and which carries
the knowledge of letters to the humble tenants
of the houses of the poor, and enables them to
read, to write, and to cypher, as one of the first
blessings among the multitude enjoyed by the
peopie of the Republic. Sir, I do not say too
much in its behalf, when I declare that life, liberty,
and property cannot be secure where ignorance
prevails, or where ignorance rules A foolish,un-
informed people will become a prey to intelligent
knaves. Despotism is the consequence; liberty
is stricken down, lives are sacrificed, and prop-
erty rifled. I am indebted to an uncle's charity
foi what education I received, and I feel sensibly
for the condition of those children whose paients
are unable to help them. There are thousands
who will become useful citizens, and some throw
a luster upon humanity, if our State governments
will lend a helping hand in due season. Sir, it
is no uncommon thing to see instances of un-
assisted genius in the humble walks of life, by
the force of innate power, stimulated by the free-
dom of our institutions, irradiate the gloom of
birth,and become intellectual lights of the world.
Sir, we ought to glory in assisting, directing and
developing the faculties of the rising generation,
who will soon occupy our places The State
should be the parent of the destitute, and bring
them up for their country
We know the many useful and glorious pur-
poses to which the States would apply the money
if they had it Let us inquire how this Govern-
ment will use it, if it be not distributed. We can
only predict the future by considering the present
and the past. We have no assurance that you
will do better hereafter than you have heretofore
done. I will undertake, in a few words, to prove,
by stating undeniable facts, that you will use the
surplus millions in the Treasury, and the public
lands, for improper and partial purposes
Congress has heretofore appropriated and ex-
pended $5,307,721 18 in the construction of the
Cumberland road, $2,763,006 33 having been
expended in the States of Virginia, Pennsylvania,
and Maryland, and the residue mOhio, Indiana,
and Illinois. By compact with these three new
States, two per cent, on the net proceeds of the
sales of public lands in their respective limits, is
to be applied in making roads leading to those
States, and three per cent, is to be paid them,
making five per cent, in all The whole amount
received for the sale of public land pnoi to the
1st day of April last, (no matter where the land
was situated,) amounted to $69,649,784 91; five
per cent, on which is $3,482,489 25 It thus
appeals that, instead of laying out only two or
five per cent on the net pioceeds of the sales of
land situated in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, in
making roads for them, Congress has actually
