1S36J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
21th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
new Congress, elected undi r the last census, and
which w  «> to " bcai to the Capitol the veidtct of
public opinion," could not meet under the Con-
stitution and liws, as tiny then stood, soontr
than the fii^t Monday in Decembei, lb33.   Dates
aie otten impoitant thins*.    Did the President
wait tor Us arnval, and thin abide by and con-
form to us " vet diet ?"    No, su, he did no such
thing; but, with characteirstic faithlessness to the
expectations he had excited by hisappaient devo-
tion to public opinion in the veto message, on the
IStli of September, 1833, a little moie than two
months before the mtetmg  of " the new Con-
gnss,"to which he had appealed, in a paper read
to Ins Cabinet, he declaud, " Whatevei may be
the opinions of others, the Piesident consult is
his reelection as a decision of the people against
the bank;" and thereupon he usurped the power
of deciding a question which the law hadexpiessly
given to the Secietaiy of the Tieasury, and as-
sumed the responsibiluyofiemovingthedeposits,
thereby seizing u|ion the money of the people.
To cloak these pioceedings with the semblance
of legality, he removed Mi. Duane, and appointed
Mr. Taney, so that the removal of the deposits,
upon paper, would apptar to be his act, when in
truth it was the act ot a dictator, who, accoidmg
to law, had no right to command 01 oidei it to
be done.   Sir, what was the secret motive for all
these doings >    Why did the Piesident affect to
know befoiehand what " verdict" would be given
in, and proceed, contiaiy to all the forms ot law,
to enter judgment and  decide  the controveisy
before the juiy had been empannclcd'    By-tht-
by, his new Congiess never could be brought to
a direct decision upon the matters involved, and
shamefully evaded giving any ret diet approving
or condemning the proceedings of the Piesident,
which superseded  their action in  bringing the
question of a or the national bank " to a satisfac-
tory conclusion."
Why, I repeat, has the Bank of the United
States, the best institution of the kind that tv. r
existed, been destroyed > I am convinced that the
true reason for it is, that the diieclors weie too
honest and independent, and lefused to become
the tools of the Executive and the agents of the
pcnty Thecorrespondence w Inch theexamination
of the bank elicited, in leleience to the branch at
Louisville, Kentucky, moie than the eoirespond-
ence in regaid to the I lanch at Poitsmouth, New
Hampshire,and both taken together, constitute the
basis of my belief The deposits weie lemoved to
obtain power, and to giatify a malignant tempei.
The experiment has failed most signally in se-
curing a better cuueiicy for the people; but it has
succeeded most admirably in securing more power
to the party. Sir, if the President had obtained
the mastery over the bank, and prostituted it to
vile party purposes, he could only have gotten the
control of a capitil of $35,000,000, and a debt
due not exceeding $70,000,000; but, by the
change, he has obtained an influence and a control
of the capital of the pel banks, amounting to
$43,G90,980 28, and a debt due them of §101,«25,-
817 09. Our surplus millions, deposited in these
pets, are used by them foi the be nefit of the stock-
holders, the Marquis of Caeimaithen included,
although a foreigner, and of the nobility' The
President can piostiate and bankrupt the whole
concern at a breath. He has only to call on tlitm
to pay what they owe the Government, or to de-
termine on a second íemoval of the deposits, and
they are ruined. Think you, sn, that they will
not court his favor, and be obedient to his will, so
that they may make money and avoid destruction ?
I will lay before the committee the condition of
things in the three deposit banks in the city of
New Yoik on the 1st day of March last, or as
near that day as returns could be liad; and we
shall perceive ground foi many serious íeílection >,
and may thence learn the operation of the whole
system.
Situation of the Deposit Banks in the city of New York on
the 1st March, 1836.
Loans and
Capital.               discounts.
BankofAmenca.......92,001,200 00         $l,.562,0bfi 73
M-nihau in Bank.......  2.050,000 00           4 026,65^09
Mechanic 'Bank........   a.l'00,000 00           5 809,388 40
Bank of America..
M inlntt.ui Buik
Mechanics' JBauk .
Binkof America..
M lnhntfin Bank..
Mechanics' Bank .
Domestic
extlii/n^e
$477.041 73
«177 041 73
Spetie on
/mi"7
«¡1,365 139 28
"l  17 i <'!-.! 41
.   1 031 343 01)
gl 170 7G4 G9
Other
anestments
6!)a7,(i.)J 95
1 Ot-6 05 , (, >
869 138 7 2
$2 802 238 23
Public money
drpo*. te!
$3 411.240 51
3'J,3 495 90
3,730 ,94 31
«10.417 530 72
$6,051.200 00        $14.398,134 12
There naidue to the ahov< bank  In other
binkotln -umof.....                   ••    . «3-256,001 <!9
There was dm lo other banks bv the above
hank  the sum ot...................       G74,8.)4 33
On this «urn the depo-it banks of New York
might clurgi- inn iest.............     2,381,147 63
To a^c< nam the .isgicjiaio piorlintive capi-
til, or Ili.it «Inch ui.ij be made  <>, add
loins ind di-eounts...........U39h.ni 12
Adil al-o domi-iic c \<inmr<  ....          •   ••       4,1.04173
Add also other investments.................    " **- - l8 •*-
j,,2J 318.571 80
Thus, by the aid of the public money depos-
ited in these three banks, they are enabled to
make a piofit on ¿20,318,571 80, when their cap-
itals togither only amount to $o",051_,200, and
when their specie on hand is only $3,470,764 09.
The amount of their specie is the extent of their ,
wealth in reality; but as Government favonles I
and chartered monopolies, tin n tluee millions is
mcieased to twenty! No wondei, su, that you
people of New Yoik, and especially your city
stockholder, should be willing to perpetuate this
system, seeing theyaie so handsomely rewaided
by it. Besides, the iieavn st deposits will be
made for ages to come, under this system, in the
New York city banks, because the largest amount
ofievenue ispaidand collected in thatcity. Now,
suppose the President should, to punish these
New York pets, and with a view to rewaid the
banks in Kentucky for political services, (should
they be base enough to make the anangement,)
older the $10,000,000 of public money m the
New Yoik banks to be tiansfeired to Ktntucky.
Is it not clear that the $.10,000,000 could not be
paid upon demand, and would theie not be gieat
danger of pioducing unpaialleled desolation
among the debtors of those institutions, if it did
not extend to the whole countiy.by the ngid
enforcement of such an oidcr? Sir, I should but
exhaust myself, and fatigue the committee, by
tiacmg in detail the evils of the present miseiable
system in i elation to our public money. Let us
bieak it up by dividing the money among the
States.
Unless we distribute, much of the money will,
hereafiei, as lieu tofore, be applied to extravagant ■
and sectional pin poses You have alieady ap-
piopnated neai $1,000,000 foi a custom-house in
New York. My intelligent and indefatigable col-
league, [Mr. C. Allan,] who has been in corre-
spondence on the subject, has received authen-
tic infoimation lhat the nniblefoi the building
alone will cost $349,085. You have nppropi mted
$350,000 for a custom-house in Boston, and re- !
fused to adoptan amendment which I ofleied, pro-
posing to limit the total expenditure to that sum.
How much mm* than the sums already appro-
priated, these two palaces,-constructed for the
decoration of the cities rather than for any busi-
ness purpose, will cost, no one can conjecture.
You have,during thepresent session of Congress,
got up a South sea bubble, and have appropriated
$300,000 to send out a naval expedition in seaicu
of Symmes' Hole, or some unknown islands,
whereon to catch seals! You have a lreasury
building to erect in lieu of that consumed by
fire, and judging from the extiavagance mani-
fested in the cases of the custom-houses, you
will probably spend a million and a half in budd-
ing your Tieasury. When all these splendid
palaces are erected, your officers who tenant them
will require salaries proportionate to the mag-
nificence of the buildings, and you will be ca led
on to pay their servants in livery from the public
chest. Sir, this is not a mere fiction of the brain.
Although you allow President Jackson a salary
of $25,000 a year, you have granted $l,5U0to
pay a Secretary for signing the Piesident's name
to land patents—a duty which the Secretary does
not perfoun, if my judgment is correct, founded
upon the diffuence in the handwiiting of the
names of the Piesident and Secietary m several
patents which I have reci ntly íeceived for my
constituents. Thus the Secretaiy gets the whole
salaiy, no doubt, and does only half the woik
the law icquiies him to do; letting a cleik write
the Piesident's name, while hewntes his own
only. Our foimcr Presidents could find time to
sign their own names to patents; but General
Jackson is piobablv iully occupied s-igning new
commissions to fill vacant ofiiees occasioned by
his itmovals,and the other duties of his station.
1 have setn, in the documents laid belore me,
that you pay the President's qatdener $1,000 a
yeai—justas much as a talented cncuit judge
íeceives in Kentucky. Going on at this late, it
is not at all nnpiobable, if your candidate for the
Presidency succeeds, we shall see a salaried tailor
attached to theestablishmentat the White House.
Theie is a piectdent I am told, in New Yoik,
which ¡.hows that some of her officers may draw
on the public tieasury for mending breeches !
Mr Chanmaii, 1 cannot íepiess my indigna-
tion when I íellect upon the extravagance and
folly whnh aie stamped upon your appropria-
tions, and when I see the glouous purposes to
which the money might, and ought, and would be
applied, but for the degrading misiule and degen-
eiacy of those in power. The character of the
time s has changed. Instead of taking a common-
sense view of things, and honestly applying out-
surplus means to the impiovement of the coun-
try, by vv Inch all i an k sand classes would be bene-
fited, we aie giddy with conceptions of magnifi-
cent domes and geographical discoveries. Our
thoughts, like the fool's eye, are loammg to the
verge ot the caith after adventures and fame,
while we neglect practicable things of vast im-
poi lance at our doois The heaits of politicians
have become coirupt. Office and powei are sought
after for the sake of money, instead of the noble
and benevolent and patiiotic puipose of doing
good, and in the selfish scramble for the division
ot the " spot's;" the disgrace, if not the over-
throw, of oui institutions will surely take place.
Our best íemedy will be found in divesting this
Government of the meansof coiruption and prodi-
gality, by placing the suiplus at the disposal of
the States. If the money is not.distributed, it
will not only be used for such improper puiposes
as I have mentioned, but you will pour it out
upon chimerical piojects, which you will attempt
to palm upon the people, and to lender popular
under the captivating yet delusive pretext of
public defense. The paity to which you belong,
Mr. Chanmaii, undeisland the value of a popu-
¡ai name as well as any set of men that ever lived;
and they can wear out a good name, and render
it odious, as soon, too, as any set to be found in
the woild. A Jackson Democtnt is a name that
has ncaily closi d its caieei. It took well-, but I
doubt win ther, with all your coaxing, you can
get the collar fast, ned on the necks of the people
with the brand of " Jackion Van Bxncn Democrat"
upon it. Sir, you must take the collar off, to
engrave the new title upon it; and my word for
it, theie is great danger that you will never be
able to put it on again. The people are opening
their eyes to the deceptions which have been
practiced ujjon them by false professions, and
you will never be able to put on new halters, if
you let them loose by taking off" the old.
Some of the bills of this session, purporting to
provide for the public defense, w mid be more
properly denominated bills to squander the pub-
lic money. Such is the bill, in part, now before
the committee. It proposes to allow the Presi-
dent to purchase new sites for fortifications, and
appropriates a large sum to that object with others,
and does not pretend to prescribe how much
giound shall be purchased, nor in what place, nor
at what price We thus sui render the salutary
control which, as Representatives of the people,
we ought to exeicise, and confer an unlimited
discretion upon the President, who may make
purchases of land upon the sea-boaid oi in the
mountains, in New York or Nashville, just as it
may please him. I will vote away money foi no
such object.    Befoie I will vote the money, I
