~i8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Hall.
Ho. of Reps.
which is, indeed, no secret at all, is the discovery
ot'a lar^e surplus in the Treasury, which the peo-
ple are desirous of having distributed among the
¡States, and applied to some useful purpose. To
prevent this distribution, we have, for the last
two or three months, witnessed a state of things
altogether new in the history of our legislation.
Heretofore, the requisitions of the Departments
were examined with some decree of scrutiny by
the Committee of Ways and Means, to ascertain
if they were necessary, or if some deductions
from their amount might not reasonably be made.
Formerly, when an unexpected requisition came
in, you could discover, by the sober demeanor of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that they
were fearful of the effect of the new call on the
House, and that they regretted the necessity
which compelled them to advocate it. Now, the
scene is entirely changed. No sooner does the
chairman of that committee receive a call for a
new appropriation, even for a few thousand dol-
lars, than his countenance is lighted up with un-
usual joy; and on the prospect of a new Indian
war, ana the consequent call for an appropriation
of a million, his exultation is extreme. He rises
in his place, with great apparent self-gratulation,
announces the fact to the House, and in a note
of triumph informs us that we may stop talking
about the surplus, for we shall now have an op-
portunity of spending it.
But gentlemen have not been content with the
requisitions of the Executive. The Departments,
contrary to all former practice, have been soli-
cited, and importuned, and teased, by resolutions
and letters of committees; and personal applica-
tions, for additional estimates. A resolution of
the Senate of the 18th of February, asking for
additional estimates, produced a brief letter from
the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, not his
own views, but the imaginings of the Navy
Commissioners; and a detailed report of the Sec-
retary of War, overthrowing and "toppling down
headlong" most of the tall projects of gentlemen
for dissipating the revenue on fortifications—a
report which does the highest credit to that dis-
tinguished officer, and which, had its production
been the only act of his life, would have placed
his name by the side of those of the most eminent
statesmen of our country. The answer to this
resolution was not a very digestible affair. The
Secretary of the Navy said nothing. The Secre-
tary of War interposed an argument that could
not be- controverted; and, what was no less in-
superable, the President himself expressed an
opinion in accordance with the Secretary. But
gentlemen were not to be put aside by one refusal.
The Senate place themselves in an imploring
attitude, and address the Secretary in the language
of supplication. Do, sir, be so good as to inform
us the most you can possibly spend during the
year in your Department? " Whatis the maximum
amount?"—that is the language—that can be
expended ? This question was rather too extraor-
dinary for so old-fashioned a man as the Secre-
tary, and he seems to have been puzzled to know
what to do with it. He knew the extravagant
answer which the craving appetites of those who
made the inquiry demanded, and that he could
not give it without abandoning the estimates he
had deliberately made at the commencement of
the session, and contradicting all the principles
which he had so ably maintained in his report.
But not desiring to be absolutely uncivil to so
respectable and gentlemanly a body as the Senate
of the United States, he hands over the resolution
to the chief engineer: " Here, sir, you answer
it." From the reputation which the Chief Engi-
neer has—whether justly or not, I will not pre-
tend to say—of being the most liberal and lati-
tudinarian of any officer in the Government in
regard to appropriations, one might naturally
suppose he would have found no difficulty in
giving the required answer. But no such thing.
Even he believes that there is a limit within which
expenditures should be circu mscri bed, and beyond
which they become wasteful and extravagant.
He, too, declines to answer, and, following the
example of 4¿ie Secretary, hands over the humble
entreaty of the Senate to his subordinate; and we
at length have the answer of a second lieutenant
of engineers, in some half a dozen lines, saying
that, in his opinion, some six millions may be
beneficially expended on fortifications annually.
And it is upon this naked opinion of a second
lieutenant of engineers, without any designation
of objects, or any reasons assigned for the ex-
traordinary conclusion to which he has arrived,
that we are to be called upon to appropriate
millions of the public money.
Sir, the Secretary of War repudiates the idea
of lavishing our resources on extensive fortifica-
tions on the sea-board—fortifications which it
would require a large standing army to man, and
which no enemy would be silly enough to go out
of his way to attack, when he could accomplish
any object of invasion much more conveniently
bypassing them beyond gun-shot distance. He
overthrows most conclusively the extended sys-
tem of defense on which our former surveys have
been made, proposes to confine our fortifications
to the protection of the important sea-ports from
naval approaches, and to limit the extent of those
works to their capability, with the aid of steam
batteries, of accomplishing that object, and of
resisting sudden attacks, relying on the patriot-
ism of the people, aided by the facilities afforded
by the internal improvements of the country for
the rapid concentration of force on any point of
attack, as the great and leading means of national
defense. He recommends a reexamination of
sites, and a reconsideration of plans, before com-
mencing new works. This is the language of
reason and of common sense; and whoeveradopts
the principles of the Secretary will find it some-
what difficult to discover proper objects for the
expenditure of much more than a tithe of the sum
recommended—no, not recommended, extorted—
from one of the clerks in the office of the Chief
Engineer. Besides, we all know that when the
objects of appropriation are desirable, there is a
limit beyond which money cannot be profitably
expended in any given period of time. A docu-
ment upon our tables snows that there remained
in the Treasury on the 1st of January last, of
money before appropriated and not then expended,
$8,726,000. Of this sum more than two millions
were of appropriations for repairs of ships and
for the increase and improvement of the Navy;
$133,000 for navy-yards; and although no fortifi-
cation bill passed at the last session, there still
remained in the Treasury at the beginning of the
present year over fifty-six thousand dollars of
money previously appropriated for fortifications,
and all this during the existing difficulties with
France. Either the Executive must have been
willfully negligent of his duties, or the unex-
pended money in the Treasury could not be prof-
itably used. Gentlemen certainly will not take
the first horn of the dilemma. Neither will 1.
We all know that the demand which the Govern-
ment makes for the peculiar kind of materials and
labor which it requires, may become greater than
the natural means of supply; and that when such
point is reached any attempt to force the prosecu-
tion of works must result either in a material re-
duction in their quality and value, or such a waste-
ful expenditure of money as no Government would
engage in but during a period of the most extreme
necessity and danger. Most of the money under
these extravagant appropriations cannot and will
not be expended. It will still remain in the Treas-
ury, and all attempts to drain it by this mode of
operation will, so far as the money is not extrav-
agantly wasted, be altogether nugatory. The
Secretaries, both of War and the Navy, well un-
derstand this matter, and wisely decline making
themselves responsible for these Quixotic appro-
priations If gentlemen desire to assume a re-
sponsibility which the Executive declines, they
are certainly at liberty to do so. I shall take
care to wash my hands of the responsibility by
voting against the appropriations.
But, sir, the "national-defense" project having
encountered so many obstacles from the Depart-
ments, and it being ascertained that it will en-
tirely fail of dissipating the public revenue, gen-
tlemen have very industriously set themselves at
work in inventing other schemes for accomplish-
ing the same laudable object. I shall not stop to
enumerate the various projects which this strife
for the honor of being the inventor of the most
expeditious and effectual mode of draining the
Treasury has produced. Any gentleman who has
a curiosity to examine a list of them, will find
one approximating as nearly to perfection as the
nature of the subject will admit, in the printed
remarks of the gentleman from New York on my
¡| left, [Mr. Gillet,] who catechised so non-com-
1 mittally his colleague, [Mr. Granger,] in u-gard
to these various schemes, and who, 1 thought,
: before the prompt responses of his colleague were
completed most heartily wished the whole of them
back in the brains of the very respectable gentle-
men who had concocted them. 1 feel under great
obligations to my friend from New York [Mr.
Gillet] for the labor he has so praiseworthily
expended in hunting up from among the dusty
files of the two Houses these various schemes,
and for presenting them in so condensed and port-
able a form. I have had thoughts of moving the
House for the printing of an extra number of
copies of the gentleman's catalogue, in order that
my constituents might have a perfect knowledge
of the very great variety of modes by which the
public money may be ingeniously squandered;
but as I doubt whether such a motion would be
in order without a suspension of the rules, I trust
the gentleman will pardon me for waiving it, at
least for the present. It is a little remarkable, sir,
that two of the most prominent of these projects—
in pursuance, perhaps, of the great anxiety of
gentlemen to put down all monopolies—are for the
direct benefit of corporations. I refer to the pro-
ject of the grave Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Grundy,] for entering into partnership with rail-
road companies, and to the no less commendable
one of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Wright,]
for investing the surplus in corporation stocks !
Who are to be the agents for making these invest-
,; ments we have not yet been informed. I hope I
shall not be considered out of order in suggesting
that there are sundry very worthy gentlemen in
the New York Senate, who have had great expe-
rience in these stock matters, and whose claims
for services rendered, and trials and tribulations
endured, in the bloody war against monopolies,
ought not to be overlooked.
Mr. Chairman, there is a very great inherent
difficulty in this matter of spending the surplus.
j When there are really no proper objects of ex-
j penditure, it requires immense inteliectual labor
to discover them.  I wonder that some gentleman
has not introduced an appropriation, say of a
i million or two, to be awarded to the person who
should invent the most plausible mode of drain-
¡ ing the Treasury.    I do not think it would pro-
duce many new schemes, for I believe the inge-
nuity of gentlemen has already been taxed to the
utmost; but it would have the  merit of being
itself a project, and of abstracting from the Treas-
ury precisely the amount which was appropriated
as a premium.    If any gentleman has a scheme
, in his drawer ready to offer, and thinks this a
I better one; or, if any gentleman who has pro-
| duced a scheme, and ridden it through its butter-
j fly-life, is desirous of mounting another hobby,
he is welcome to this—" free gratis for nothing."
1 leave the sum blank, to be filled up by whoever
receives it.    I do not engage that it is absolutely
a proper mode of spending the public money;
nor do I desire any gentleman to take the scheme
absolutely at his own risk.    I warrant it to be
fully equal, in every respect, to most of the pro-
jects that have gone before it; and I further war-
rant that the people, to whom all these matters
must be finally submitted, will so consider it.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to inquire into the
actual state of the Treasury, with the view of
ascertaining whether its condition and prospects
will allow of a distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands among the States, as proposed by
the bill on your table from the Senate. But, be-
fore doing so, I beg leave to call the attention of
the committee to the last two annual reports of
the Secretary of the Treasury, for the purpose of
showing how entirely mistaken he has been in
his estimates of the future revenue of the country.
In his report of D'ecember 2, 1834, he estimated
the balance that would be in the Treasury on the
1st of January, 1835, at $5,586,232 34; he esti-
mated the receipts during the year 1835, at
$20,000,000; making of available funds for that
year, $25,586,232 34. By the report of Decem-
ber, 1835, it appears that the actual balance in
the Treasuryon the 1st of January, 1835,instead
of being $5,586,232 34, as he had before esu-
