1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Hall.
Ho. op Reps.
an niuh to the distribution as proposed by the I1
hnd bill «n \ ui libit The pionuiess to con-
tiidn-tion in tin aiguments which aie adductd
ajun-t this mi i<unt is so gieat, that you stldom
iitar an objection rai^i d by one gtntkman, but
tht nt\t one you hittn to astounds you with one
ot i dutttly opposite chaiactti, anil j ou rarely
meet with a singlt spetch oi public document
against this distribution, in which some piomi-
mnt position assumed m one paiagnph is not
contiadietcd and ovt rthiow n by that contained m
a suciettlin  one lam ptisiudtd, sn, that no
more tftettujl way of ovuthownig all these ar-
gumentscouldbe t1e\ised,than by collecting them
altogtthei, and placing thtm in juxtaposition with
each othtr I think their mert conti ist would be
their sufhuent refutation I will not detain the
committee by noticing all of the extraordinary
objections which the ingenuity of gentlemen has
dtvised against this measure of distribution, but
I must bt  leave to notice a few of the most prom-
inent of them
Sir, one person objects against this bill because
it is temporal y—is limited in its operation, it only
proposes a distribution for five years, and is, I
therefore, no final stttlement of the question in |
regard to the public lands I behe\e this is one
of the objections in the veto mtssage to the bill
which passed the two Houses in 1833 Another
objecuon now made is, that the mtasure will be a
permanent one It is said, if the distribution is
once made, if the States and people but once get
a taste of this treasure, tht y nevt r will give it up
And this last argument, so complimentary to the
wisdom and intelligence of the people, is one
which is urged with considerable earnestness,
and I do not know but the time may soon come,
if it has not already armed, when implicit faith
in it will be required as one of the qualifications
for membership in what gentlemen are pleased to
denominate the " Democratic paity " I confess
my democracy is not of that character. I have
entire confidence in the ultimate decision of the
people. If the distribution works well, and the
revenue of the country will admit it, it wül be
continued, otherwise, it will be abandoned
Sir, another objectionmade against this bill is,
that, by placing the States in a dependent posi-
tion on the General Government, it will tend to
produceconsohdation This, I think, is also one
of the veto objections This objection is not
only overthrown by the argument contained in
the President's message of 1830, but is contra-
dicted by a new argument which has lately come
into fashion. The argument is this, that the
States, by abstracting the funds from the National
Treasury, will becomeall powerful, and leave the
General Government too weak to carry on its
necessary operations I confess, sir, that this
argument, coming, as it does, fiom gentlemen
claiming to have in their peculiar keeping the
principles of the old Republican party, strikes my
ear rather gratingly. But this is a day of new
things, and I suppose we must brace up our nerves
to stand the shock of anything, however strange
or unexpected. I thought that if there was any
one principle which stood out above all other3 as
the platform on which the old Republican party
was founded, it was that the danger to our sys-
tem arose fiom the weakness of the States, and
the too great and absorbing power of the General
Government; but now, forsooth, we are exhorted,
in the holy names of republicanism and democ-
racy, not to distribute to the States a «surplus rev-
enue which the General Government does not
need, and cannot use, for fear of endangering the
system, by strengthening the power of the States'
Sir, this objection, like the other, taxes my de-
mocracy too heavily.    I cannot go it.
Mr. Chairman, an objection has been raised
against the bill on your table, because it proposes
to give the new States some ten per cent, on the
amount of the sales of the lands withm their
respective limits, for the purposes of internal im-
provement, before the general distribution is
made, and, for this reason, it is said the distri-
bution is unequal and unjust to the old States
Sir, this objection is not only answered by the
uniform practice of the Government, wKich I
have before stated, to make, as a means of en-
hancing the value and increasing the sales of the
residue of the lands, grants of lands for such
No. 46
purposes, but by the fact that the additional ten
pti cent maybe deemed necessaiy to place the
n< w States on an actual equality with the old,
for the reason that the foimer have increased
much moie rapidly in population since the last
census, than the latter, of which increase in the
new States the amount of their respective land
sales is the best practical admeasurement. Eut
the objection is contradicted and ovu thrown by
anothtr, still moie extiaoidinaiy Sir, in a pub-
lic document*, wheie I find this objection most
strongly urged, and most laboriously insisted on,
the final views of the author are summed up in
the following language, I give it t¡er6a¡t i et lit-
eratim ■
'• I do not doubt that it is the real interest of each and
all the States in the Union, and particularly oi the new
States, that tht price of these lands shall be reduced and
graduated , and that after they have been offered for a
certain number of years, the refuse remaining unsold shall
be abandoned to the States "                                             I
Yes, sir, we are told that it is unconstitutional,
a violation of compact, and unjust to the old
States, to allow the new States, in a measure of
general distribution, a small percentage on the
amount of the sales, and yet, that, after a few
, thousand acres more are sold, it will be perfectly
constitutional in clear conformity with compact,
and perfectly just to the old States, to cede the
whole of the lands to the new. Sir, was there
ever any public measure which met with such
unaccountable, such extraordinary, is it too much
to say, absurd, objections > And what, sir, is
the object of this war upon reason and common
sense * Why, sir.no other, that I can discover,
than to enable the very persons who are carrying
on the war to reap a rich harvest of patronage,
by controlling and directing the use of the money,
whose distribution they oppose And this brings
me to the consideration of another objection,
which has been made, and the last one which I
shall notice.
It is said ice have no security that the States will
make a wvie use of this money    I would ask, sir,
what security have the people that ice shall make
a wise use of it'   Have they not the strongest
possible reasons to believe that, if it remains un-
distributed, we shall use it most wastefully and
improvidently'    If they are not already sensible
of it, they have read but poorly the signs of the
|  times, have watched but carelessly the movements
of their representatives     Sir, I will not at this
I  time go into this subject more fully than I have
i  already done.    But I would ask if there is a man
here who seriously and truly believes that the
States could not and would not make a much bet-
ter use of this money than we should'   It is no-
torious that the States use their funds much more
¡  economically than we do—that any State can ac-
i  complish a gwen object with half the amount of
j  money that we can.    Their agents are nearer to
!  the people, and feel a much deeper and stronger
responsibility.    The  people themselves take a
deeper interest in obiects  of a State character
than in those of the General Government, and
watch the agents more closely.    And what is this
objection, after all, but an insult to the under-
standings and integrity of the people'  Gentlemen
talk here as if they supposed all the virtue and
all the wisdom of the nation were congregated in
these Halls, and that nothing could be well done
unless we did it.
Sir, I had no such belief I believe that Vir-
ginia and Maryland and Pennsylvania—ay, and
Vermont, too, and every other State in the Union
—would appropriate their respective shares in
this fund to much better purposes than we should.
And, sir, I have no fears of its corrupting the
States. It is when money is collected in large
masses, where it cannot be properly used, that
the danger of corruption exists. That is the pre-
cise situation of the surplus revenue in reference
to the General Government. We have no proper
objects to which we can apply it, and therefore
we must expect that it will naturally be used for
improper and corrupt purposes. The condition
of the States is wholly different. The great ob-
jects of internal improvement and education,
which come within the peculiar province of State
legislation, will furnish ample and highly bene-
* President's objections to the land bill of 1833.
ficial uses for the application of the proceeds of
the public lands for yeaistocome, and so long as
those objects require the fostering care of the
State authorities, there is no possible danger that
the fund will corrupt them Appropriated under
the wise legislation of the people s immediate rep-
resentatives, it will infuse new life and vigor into
the business of the whole country, and its useful-
ness be benignly felt and appreciated by every
man in the Union.
Mr Chairman, I have said this measure of the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
was a measure of the people    It has received the
long tecorded approbation of the most eminent
and valued men of all political parties, it cannot
be lesisted by any argument which addresses it-
self to the good sense and sound reason of men;
and the powerful evidences of its healthful char-
acter aie within the easy comprehension of the
most common understanding.    Do you suppose
the great body of the people, especially those in.
the interior of the countiy, will be satisfied to
have the surplus money in the Treasury foolishly
squandeied on the sea-board, or that they will
be content to have it remain in the custody of
some thirty or forty banking corporations, for
the purpose of enabling their rich stockholders to
grow still richer, by loaning it out to those blood-
suckers of the community—the city brokers and
stock jobbers' Sir, they will be satisfied with no
such thing.    I warn you, Mr Chairman, that if
this measure fails to pass—if we separate with-
out making some distribution of the public money,
the first question that will be put to you when,
you reach your district will be, " Why didn't you.
pass the land bill7"   And have you, sir, got your
answer prepared'    [Mr. Mann nodded afihma-
tively ]   I understand your intimation.   I know,
sir, that you can give as ingenious an answer to
a difficult question as any man in this House, or
out of it.    But I am mistaken if you do not find
yourself puzzled to make a satisfactory one to
this     I suppose you will reply to your constitu-
ent in the familiar language of party, and say to
him, "You know, friend, this is  one  of Mr.
Clay's did plans for breaking down the Admin-
istration,  you vote for Mr. Van Buren, don't
you'"    " O, yes," the constituent will say, " I
go for Mr. Van Buren, to be sure; he's the true
Democratic candidate, but then 1 don't see how
passing the land bill could hurt him, Mr Clay 's
not going to run "   " Oh, but," says the Repre-
sentative, " you know General Jackson is op-
posed to the bill, and that it would have been
vetoed if we had passed it—you wouldn't have
me go against General Jackson, would you'"
" Well," answers the constituent, " I'm a Jack-
son man, to be sure; I always was a Jackson
man—I mean, ever since it came out in the Argus
that General Jackson was taken into the Dem-
ocratic party, but I don't see why General Jack-
son should be opposed to this distribution—he
used to be in favor of it.    Don't you think Mr.
Van Buren could havepersuaded him to sign the bill?''
"1 see," says the Representative, "you don't
understand this matter, this is one of the «nost
outrageous measures that was ever presented to
Congress, the very essence of it is bribery—plain,
downright bribery'"   "Well," says the con-
stituent, " I am opposed to biibery, to be sure—
I, and General Jackson, and the whole Demo-
cratic party, are opposed to all bribery in the
State Senate and everywhere else, but then I don't
exactly see how dhidmg the money among all the
people, giving to every one an equal share, can be
bribery; when giving it toafew men in the cities,
or letting the banks use it for nothing, is not.
But I'll think of it.  I go for the Democratic party,
to be sure, for the Benton yellow boys, and down
with all monopolies, but I don't understand how
this can be bribery after all—I must study a little
more into this matter."   Mr. Chairman, I will
not pursue this dialogue further.   I will not sup-
pose you would then address your constituent in
what has been alleged to be the secret language
of party, and say to him that the use of the money
was needed by the Administration to increase
the patronage and secure the success of the party
I will not suppose this, because I know you to
be incapable of either avowing or acting upon any
such motive. 1 wish I could say as much of every-
body else.
