1P36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
measures of defense and preparation for war after
the present session commenced, neither the Sen-
ate nor the House is responsible; the House has
never failed to take up any appiopriation bill the
moment it was moved by the regular organ of the
Administration, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. 1 íepeat, then, either that
there has at no time been any probable cause of
war, or that those whose duty it was to provide
forsuchanemenrency have been guilty of a crim-
inal neglect of duty; or if there was actual dan-
ger of war, that those who have controlled the
action of the Government on this sub]oct, h;ive
paltered with the honor and safety of'the coun-
try
2 But if there has been no just cause to appre-
hend war, 1 affirm that the party which now con-
trols the Government have played upon the honest
credulity of the people; tufleil with the feelings
of the brave and patriotic; disturbed the quiet;
alarmed the timid, and checked the trade and en-
terprise of the country in the most unjustifiable
manner, and for the most unworthy party pur-
poses
Without going into particulars, I appeal to the
members of this committee, and to the country,
if since the 3d of March, lt>33, there has not !>een
a constant and studied effort on the part of the
Government |ournal of this city—by the presses
in the same interest all over the countiy, to cre-
ate and foster the belief that there was danger of
a war with France. Have we forgotten, can we
ever forget, the continued and furious denuncia-
tions of the Senate, and particulaily of an hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, for n fusing to
give their support to the thiee million appiopria-
tion' Upon this point we have but to remember
the inflammatory appeals incessantly made to the
people upon the defenseless condition of the coun-
try since March, 1833. But we have better proof,
if possible, than these, of an intention to excite
the country upon the subject of a Fieiuh war.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Cambrelevg] in his lemarks upon
moving the amendment of $-2,OOU,000 to the bill
under consideration on the 13th Jauuaiy, and
again in his speech upon the lesolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adwis,]
took high ground upon this subject,and indirectly
charged every man who failed at such a crisis to
vote for the appropriation moved at the last ses-
session of Congress, as an enemy to his country.
His words were, " that every ft lend of his coun-
try" did so. He also spoke of "frittering aicay
the rights and honor and interests of the country
for mere forms:" and he had the audacity—I
mean no offense by the use of the term, but I
cannot find one more expressive of his course—
he had the audacity to say to the House, " that
it would be more profitably employed " in jiutting
the country in a state of defense, than in debating
a resolution which he himself, and all his political
friends, except one or two of the more sagacious,
had voted to take up and discuss in preference to
all other business before the House! The gentle-
man also reminded the House that "in former
times the patriots of the country did not wait
until the enemy was at our gates before they
voted the means of defending the country." He
in the same speech expressed the sentiment " that
if France now paid the money, she would be more
disgraced than any one nation ever was."
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked the gentleman
from Tennessee to state all that he had said in
connection with the words referred to. His mean-
ing was that the French Government would be
disgraced, if, after exacting an apology, and de-
claring that none would be received but one ac-
cording to the letter, it should pay the money
when none such was, or ever could be, made.
Mr. BELL. The gentleman from New York
was correctly understood by me; but he will per-
ceive that the force of my argument is not ím-
pared by his explanation. It is rather strength-
ened by it. I was referring to that part of the
gentleman's speech to show that he intended by
that declaration to impress the country with the
belief that we would have war. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] also contributed his
efforts to increase the expectation of war. He
informed us in his remarks upon the resolution
eubmitted by him on the 26th of January, " that
we might be resting under a false security—that
it was unsafe to cry out peace, peace, when there
was no peace;" and in the conclusion of his ar-
gument upon that occasion, he solemnly warned
members of the House of the weight of respons-
ibility which would rest upon them if they re-
fused to accede to his proposition at such a crisis,
and when the country was in so defenseless a
condition. These, sir, are fair specimens of the
system of agitation which has been pursued since
the 3d of March, 1835. A system of alarm and
agitation upon the subject of the French war has
been the oider of the day. Many membeis of
the party in this House appear to have been de-
ceived by it. One gentleman, in speaking of the
resolution of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Jarvis,] proposingan inquiry into theexpediency
of increasing the Navy, declared that he was
ready to anticipate the opinion of the Executive
in relation to n war with France. The same gen- |
tleman said aloud, in his place, when the vote
was about to be taken upon that resolution, that
he would consider a vote against it as an aban- ,
donment of the Administration ' Now, why all
these dedaiations' Why all this alarm ' Why
were we conunually threatened with a prospect |
of wai, if theie was actually no probability of
such an event' Gentlemen must know that much
real mischief has been the result of this course. |
It is only a few days ago that 1 received a letter
from a planter of the Southwest, written before
the news of the jiresent Mate of our relations with
Fiance reached him, filled with the most gloomy
foiebodings of the consequences of a war upon |
the planting interest, and stating that the ener-
gies of the country were already in some degree
paralyzed, in contemplation of that event. A
large poition of the country was misled. Many
of our most intelligent citizens were made to be-
lieve that we would have war. Our merchants
were afraid to adventure—our ships lay, for a
time, idle at our wharves, and a material check
was given to the trade and enterprise of the coun-
try. I ask again, if there was really no danger
of war, why these false pretenses—these un-
founded alarms ' I repeat that the honest credu-
lity of the people has been played upon; the feel-
ings of the brave and the patriotic have been
trifled with; and serious injury has been inflicted
upon the country for the most unworthy party
purposes.
3 But whether there was danger of war or not,
or whether war was intended or not, I affirm that
those who advised and permitted the late state of
our relations with France, and suffered the public
defenses to remain in their present condition,
exposed the country to the imminent hazard of
dishonor and great damage.
Is not this now a self-evident proposition ' If
there was no intention to provoke a war with
France, is it not evident that our diplomatists got
us into a position from which we could not retreat
without dishonor or war, if France had been
inclined to war on her part, and had adhered
obstinately to the letter of the apology demanded
by her Government' Sir, we said, in the first
place, that we would ask for nothing but what
was right, and would submit to nothing that was
wrong. We then threatened to indemnify our-
selves for the money due under the treaty by
reprisals upon French commerce. In our public
journals, in the official gazette of this city, we
openly charged the French King and Government
with a breach of faith. We abused, through the
same channels, the whole French people, and
character; and, at the same time, did all we could
to rouse the peopie of our own country to a war
spirit, and determination against France. Well,
sir, while we are in the midst of this honorable
career, the Chambers vote the money, but say
they must have an explicit explanation of these
sayings and doings on our part, as a sine qua uon
of payment. The President replies promptly, as
was proper, that he will make no apology. Now,
sir, was there any course left but to fight, or be
disgraced in the eyes of all the world, if France
had been obstinate, and had agreed to receive no
apology except one in the form the President had
declaied he would not give it. After years of
pompous declarations of what we would do if
France did not comply with our demands, we
could not, with honor, hare delayed such measures
of redress as would have provoked an immediate
declaration of war on the part of France. If it
had been our fortune to have encountered imme-
diate war, that in the outset our arms would have
suffered defeat, and all our interests infinite in-
jury, none can doubt. If any gentleman is dis-
posed to imagine a different result, let him look
at the relative condition and resources of the two
countries at this moment. Our fortifications are
decayed, incomplete, and unarmed; our harbors
and large towns undefended and defenseless; our
Navy, consisting only of some twenty ships of
war in commission, and among the number only
one ship-of-the-line, and four frigates. To match
these, France has more than a hundred ships of
war in commission, and,among the number, six
or eight ships-of-the-hne, and sixteen frigates.
But we have some forty ships upon the stocks,
and which might be made available in a short
time, and, among the rest, eleven ships-of-the-
hne, and fourteen frigates. But, to match these
again, France has more than two hundred ships
of war on the stocks, or in ordinary, and which
could be made available irf a short time, and,
among the rest, fifty-seven ships-of-the-hne, and
sixty-four frigates! It was against this naval
force, five times greater than our own, that our
honoi was pledged to combat without delay, if
France had been obstinate, or rather, if the polit-
ical complexion of Europe had not interposed to
modify her councils.
4. Upon a full view of all the circumstances of
this question, there will appear too much room
to believe that those who really direct the course
of public affairs, and who claim to be the exclu-
sive champions of the fame, and honor of the
country, never intended, or had any strong ap-
prehensions of war, whatever the rank and file of
the party may have thought. They have felt all
the while that they held in their own hands the
issue of peace or of war, and they were perfectly
easy upon that score How, and under what pri-
vate assurances they came to feel such confidence
on these points, it is not for me to inform the
public, but, that they had sufficient evidence to
satisfy them on the 11th of September last, or be-
fore or after that date, that such an explanation as
the President could at any time give, without any
inconsistency with his declaration, that he would
not make the apology demanded by the indem-
nity bill, was in possession of the leaders of the
party here, I have no doubt; but, sir, there were
too many advantages to be expected from keeping
up a panic, and the war has been permitted to
rage, not against France, but against the Senate,
against an honorable Senator from Tennessee,
and upon the Treasury.
Need I go into details' Need I point out the
particular proof upon which I rest this charge,
grave and serious as it is' Sir, does not the neg-
lect to take the first step towards defending the
country prove the fact without further showing'
It is notorious that one, (Boston,) if not more,
of your largest commercial depots and naval sta-
tions, was, and is ai this moment, not only de-
fenseless, but not even a single gun can be brought
to bear for its defense, though it is now nearly
two years since the rejection of the treaty by the
French Chambers. Public property of the value
of seven or eight million dollars is also known to
be deposited at this point. One thousand pieces
of heavy ordnance are wanted to arm the fortifi-
cations already finished or nearly so, and some
fifteen hundred for the Navy, in addition to those
on hand; and many of the guns now constituting
a part of the armament of our ships of war are
of a construction which render them, in the opin-
ion of many, as terrible to ourselves as toa pub-
lic enemy, and all the while we have had nothing
but rumors of war; yet, sir, the first great gun
has not been cast to prepare for the battle ! The
timbers of your ships upon the stocks are rotting,
and, in some instances, are actually rotten. The
truth cannot be disguised, and need not now be
disguised, that three frigates and five thousand
men, skillfully commanded, could at this moment
capture, burn, or lay under contribution your
largest commercial towns—capture and destroy
all your ships of war in ordinary or on the stocks,
together with every stick of timber you have been
collecting for so many years, at any or all of
your numerous navy-yards!   Nay, sir, I have
