1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
24th Cong....1st Sess.
or infidelity, from a clerk to the head of a De-
partment—from the register or receive! of a land
office, or an Indian agent, to a Minister Plenipo-
tentiary ' The name and services of Geneial
Jackson, I repeat, are invoked to shield and cover
over,as with a mantle,every official tiansgression
or omission,from the highest to the lowest, when-
ever it suits the interest of party to avail them-
selves of them.
And the people are called upon to rally round__
to stand by and defend—not the individuals ar-
raigned—not the delinquent department, but the
President himself, who it is asserted through a
thousand channels, is intended to be struck at and
stabbed through the sides of the accused officer
or Department. The people cannot at once detect
the artifices of party. They aie jealous of every-
thing which savors of an attack upon General
Jackson, and they in general act upon that sus-
picion. Those, therefore, who dare, here or else-
where, to find fault with the course of affairs, upon
any ground, instead of finding countenance fiom
those in powei, or from the dominant party—in-
stead of being cheeied on m the ungracious task
of reform,are met on the threshold, with the charge
of secret and sinister motives—with anti-Jackson-
ism' They are told, that their object is to assail
the character of the hero of New Orleans, and the
conqueror of the United States Bank; as if either
one or the other of those victories could be of any
worth now or hereafter, except to protect the Con-
stitution, the country, and its liberties—as if those
victories could be of any value, if as the puce of
them we are to surrender that very Constitution,
those very liberties—those rich and glorious prizes
for which those batues were fought and won. If
those who venture to make chaiges against any
department of the public service are not met pre-
cisely in this way, they are, at all events, told that
General Jackson is the head of the Government—
that he is responsible for all the executive branches
of the public service, and no attack can be made
upon any branch of the public service, therefore,
withoutattackinghim,and everybody knows that
he does his duty. A most shameful, egregious,
and pernicious fallacy. But the absurdity of the
argumentdoes not prevent it fiom being constantly
interposed. The argument is, that because Gen-
eral Jackson is able, faithful, and patriotic, in the
discharge of all his duties, therefore all the sub-
ordinate officers of the Government are so like-
wise. But more: if anyone shall reply to all this,
and that he means no attack upon General Jack-
son, that he is willing to exonerate him from any
agency in the abuses which are alleged to exist,
he is forthwith denounced as a hypocrit—as a
dastardly assailant, who wants thte courage and in-
dependence to make a direct attack. He is dared to
come forward like a man, and assail General Jack-
son as the author of all these abuses—his pride
is appealed to—his feelings are chafed to draw him
on to utter the fatal denunciation; and the moment I
he does so, the myrmidons of the party stand |
ready to hack him to pieces ! These, sir, are the
true causes of the continued abuses in the public i
service. They are themselves, without doubt,
the greatest of all abuses. So long as a great and ,
venerated name may be successfully opposed to
all inquiry—to all reform in the public service, so
long will abuses continue to multiply. So long
as a system of terror and punishment through the
agency of the public press shall be successfully ,
practiced, abuses will thicken upon us. I have I
said that the means resorted to to suppress inquiry
into abuses, are themselves the greatest of all
abuses. Sir, they are so. I affirm that they are
such as cannot long exist in a free Government—
for no Government in which they exist, for a great
while, can be free.                                                     i
The failure of the proposition to appropriate
three millions of dollars forthe Army, Navy, and I
fortifications, and the loss of the regular fortifica-1
tion bill, at the close of the last session of Con- (
gress, is now become a stale subject; but the cir-
cumstances connected with those events, and the j
use which has since been made of them, are of
too much importance, and are too intimately con-
nected with the character and conduct of the party
in the majority in this House, to be sufFeied to (
pass without further notice.    The common opin-
ion of the country is, that to Congress alone is to
be attributed the late defenseless condition of the
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
country, when it was supposed that we were upon
the eve of a war with Prance; and the loss of the
three million appi opnation, and of the fortification
bill, between the two Houses, has been the evi-
dence relied upon to fiK the responsibility there.
To do justice to the íespective political paities,
between which this subject has become a point
of contention, it is important that the real authois
of those miscarriages should be clearly ascertained
and exposed.
But, before I come to notice the circumstances
immediately connected with the action of the two
Houses upon this subject, I wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to the course of the pai ty
in powei, in relation to the public defenses, dui-
mg the session of 1834, as wtll as the last ses-
sion, which will include the whole penod of time
since the rejection of the treaty by the Piench
Chambers, in April, 1834. I expect to show, by
this inquiry, that it was the policy systematically
puisued, during the years 1834 and 1835, up to
the 3d of March in that year, to keep down the
appiopnations for fortifications, and to cuitad
them below the usual standard, notwithstanding
the pending quarrel with France, and, before I
have done, I trust I shall be able to place before
the committee such facts as will leave it no longer
doubtful who should bear the responsibility of
the neglected, unarmed, and decayed condition
of the public defenses.
The regular bill making appropriations forfor-
tifications for the year 1834 was under consider-
ation on the 19th day of June of that year. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Polk,] who was the rtgular organ of the
Administration in this House upon all subjects
connected with appropriations of public money,
and who, in this instance, at least, all will agree,
cannot be suspected of taking a course in oppo-
sition to the views of the Executive, made a mo-
tion to amend thebilJbyreducingtheitemreported
in the bill by the committee for the preservation
of Castle Island and repairs of Fort Independence,
in Boston Harbor, from $34,758 80 to $17,594.
This motion was successful. He followed up this
motion by moving to strike from the bill $100,000,
which had been reported for a fort on George's
Island, in Boston harbor; but this motion failed
after an animated debate. The same gentleman
again moved to strike from the bill the appropri-
ation of $100,000 for a fort on Throg*s Neck, and
also the item of §50,000 for a fort at Grand Terre,
Louisiana. Both these motionswere carried against
the wishes of the organ of the Government. A
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McKim] moved
to add an item of $25,000 for the defense of Balti-
more, which was voted down. That these pio-
ceedings may be duly understood and estimated
by the country, it must be borne in mind that
they took place nearly a month after the receipt
of the intelligence by this Government of the re-
jection of the treaty by the French Chamber of
Deputies, and after the question of a war with
Prance gave rise to much sptculation in the pub-
lic mind. It ought also to be remembered, in con-
nection with the proceedings in relation to the
defense of Boston harbor, that there is not to this
day a single gun mounted, nor a single woik in
repair, foi the defense of that city.
I now pioceed to notice in order the proceed-
ings of the House of Representatives upon the
regular fortification bill for the year 1835 That
bill was taken up for consideration on the 15th
of January in that year. Mr. Everett, of Mas-
sachusetts, moved an amendment of $75,000 for
repairing the fortifications on Castle Island, in
Boston harbor, according to a plan of the board
of engineers. He argued in support of his motion,
that a call had been made on the War Department
by the estimate of the board of engineers. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Polk] denied that this appropriation was
authorized by the recommendation of the Depart-
ment. He then called on the House to endeavor
to keep theie appropriations down, at least to the
estimates of the officers appointed to make them. He
further stated that " he had long with pain wit-
nessed the fact that all excesses of appropriations
had onginated in that House." The same organ
of the Government, and leader of the party upon
this subject, [Mr. Polk,] when upon the floor
again, during the same debate, declared, that "as
Ho. of Reps.
he regarded the vote which would be given on
this question indicative of the feelings of the
House on subjects of the most emphatically vital
importance, he deemed it essential to have a full
House when it was taken. He therefore moved
a call of the House." The motion of Mr. Ever-
ett was rejected, after a call of the House, by a
vote of 12U to 87. Of those who voted in favor
of the amendment, only sixteen belonged to the
Administration party, and ninety of the same
party voted in the negative, and of couise gave
their deliberate sanction to the doctrines and pol-
icy laid down and advocated by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. It is an
important and singular fact that the fortification
bill, at the last session of Congress, went to the
Senate, from the House, with less than one half
of the amount appropriated in the year 1834. If
dates had not been referred to, I dare asseit that
no one would have dieamed that these solemn
( pioceedmgs—this deliberate vote m confirmation
of the policy of small appropriations foi the mili-
tary defenses of the country, could have taken
place as late as the middle of Januaiy, 1835—
after the date of the reprisal message, and only
five or six weeks prior to the 3d of March, made
notorious by the loss of the entire fortification
bill. Still less will the public be able to compre-
hend the mystery that those proceedings were
sanctioned by the same political party which has
made the whole countiy ring with then denunci-
ations of those who were alleged to have exposed
the country to the attacks of a foreign enemy,
without the means of defense, and when theie
was imminent danger of war. If I were to pro-
ceed no further in arraying the proofs which I
propose to lay before the committee «pon this
subject, I submit that there can be no longer any
doubt wheic, and upon whom, the lesponsibility
of neglecting the public defenses must lest; at all
events, up to the period of the 3d of March, 1835.
Well, sii, what new lights had flashed upon the
countiy, and upon the organs of the Administra-
tion in tins House, between the 21st day of Jan-
uary, when the fortification bill passed the House,
and the 3d of March following, when the propo-
sition was made for an appropriation of $3,000,000
foi the public defense' Was there any stronger
reason to apprehend wai in Maich than had ex-
isted, in equal force, from Apnl, 1834, when the
treaty was rejected by the French Chamber of
Deputies, or, at all events, from the date of the
reprisal message'
I now propose to notice some of the most ma-
tenal of those facts and circumstances connected
with the loss of the fortification bill, at the close
of the last session, which struck me at the time,
and yet impress me with conclusive force, as to
the motives and the authors of the loss of that
bill. As to whethei this House or the Senate
ought to be charged with the loss of the three
million appropriation which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cambreleng] says is the true
issue, can in fact present no issue at all. The
Senate undoubtedly defeated the proposition to
appropriate three millions; but that body did
agree to appropriate $1,700,000 for the defense of
the country, including the amount embraced in
the fortification bill as it went from the House;
and the question is who defeated this appropria-
tion bill,and with it the $800,000 agreed upon by
I the committee of conference, and what were the
i motives and objects and what are the responsi-
i bihties of those who defeated this bill' This is
the true issue—these are the true questions pre-
sented for the decision of the public.
| The strongest argument in the power of any
one to address upon this subject, will be found
, to consist of a simple narrative of the several mo-
tions and orders of the House, relative to the
i fortification bill on the night of the notorious 3d
I of March, together with some notice of the points,
taken in the very brief debate which accompanied
them.
1 The House amended the bill by inserting an
appropriation of $3,000,000' the Senate refused
to concur with the House in this amendment.
The House detei mined to insist upon its amend-
ment; the Senate then came to a resolution to
adhere to its disagreement, leaving the alterna-
¡  tive to the House, either to recede from its amend-
I ment, or to ask a conference.    If the House de-
