732
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
termined to adopt neither of them, then the bill
would be lost as a matter of course. Upon the
announcement of the message in the House that
the Senate refused to agree to the amendment, a
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gholson] ex-
pressed "a fervent hope that the House would
recede." Hewas"consciousthatnoman,woman,
or child, who had any intelligence upon the sub-
ject, seriously believed we would have war with
"France." He then moved that the House do
recede from its amendment.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Cambreleng] said, " he trusted the
House would not recede." "If no measures
were to be taken for the defense of the country,
let the Senate take the responsibility."
The question was then taken, and the motion
to recede lost. Another message from the Sen-
ate announced that that body had adhered to its
disagreement. Thereupon the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cambreleng] moved that the
House do adhere to its amendment
A gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mercer]
moved that the House recede from its amend-
ment.
A gentleman from Ohio, (Mr. Lytle,) who is
now, I believe, surveyor general of the State of
Ohio, and appointed by the President since the
last session of Congress, rose, and " objected to
any conciliatory measures on the part of this
House. Let it now remain with the Peers to
answer for the consequences. He wished to
fasten—to nail the responsibility there. He would
not have the House abandon the elevated ground
which it now occupied. Without an appropria-
tion the country would be left defenseless—and
that appropriation the House had tendered; and
the country would put its seal of reprobation on
the pusillanimous act which thwarted the meas-
ure."
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam- ,
breleng] said afterwards, and when giving his
reasons for not presenting the report from the
committee of conference, that " he regretted the
Joss of the whole fortification bill; but let the re-
sponsibility fall where it ought—on the Senate
of the United States." This I find in the Globe
of the 5th of March.
No gentleman of this House could have heard
the remarks which I have quoted, without per-
ceiving that there was a decided and strong de-
termination on the part of many members, and
among others the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cambrelexg] to suffer the whole bill to be
lost, with a view to attach odium to the Senate.
It is worthy of particular notice, as illustrative of
the peculiar character of the party now in power,
that those who were most determined to defeat the
whole fortification bill, did not see any objection
to the loss of it, (though according to their own
declaration at the time, the country would thereby
be left defenseless,) provided the Senate could be
held responsible ! The country was but a second-
ary consideration; the interest of the party had su-
perior obligations. Although the course insisted
upon by the chairman of the committee had been
so far successful, and the bill with the amend-
ments was already considered by the House as
lost; it was evident that some uneasiness was felt
at this result. A gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hubbard] made two efforts before he
was successful in getting the floor, to move for a
committee of conference; and notwithstanding
the obstinacy with which a large majority had
but a few moments before voted to adhere to their
amendment, the motion for a conference was car-
ried without a division. The Chair appointed
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
leng,] the gentleman from New Hampshire who
moved for the conference, and a gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Lewis,] the committee of con-
ference. I distinctly remember that there was
some delay on the part of the committee in leav-
ing the House; and some symptoms of hesitation
and faltering in the looks and manner of that
member of the committee who was most relied
upon to bring about a favorable result. It is
within my personal knowledge that that gentle-
man was addressed by a member, and told that
he had taken a step which was honest and patri-
otic, though contrary to the wishes and policy
•of a portion of the House—that it only required
courage and energy to carry his object; and that
no time was to be lost. It was about this time
that it was rumored in the House (or, at all events
I had about this time been informed) that an hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee had voted against
the amendment of the House to the fortification
bill. This of course did not diminish the interest
I had before felt upon the subject; yet I have no
distinct impression of the particular bill or ques-
tion, upon which the House was engaged at the
time the committee returned, or at what hour of
the night.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that the committee
had left the House only after himself and another
member of the committee had voted on the Cum-
berland road bill. He also expressed some sur-
prise that the gentleman from Tennessee should
not know that the committee had to wait in the
House until a message could be sent to the Sen-
ate and an answer returned, before they could
know whether the Senate would agree to a con-
ference. He also said that the Cumberland road
bill was taken up immediately after the commit-
tee on the part of the House was appointed, or
so soon afterwards that the committee could not
have acted before that bill was taken up.
Mr. BELL. Aa I have not much confidence
in the accuracy of my own memory upon these
questions of time, and the order of events that
night, so I am inclined to distrust the memory of
others. There was a good deal of business trans-
acted after the appointment of the committee, and
before the road bill was acted upon; besides, that
bill had to be ordered toa third reading, and then
actually read through before it was put upon its
passage; and the committee, in waiting to vote
on that bill, if such was the fact, were guilty of
negligence, when so important a measure as the
fortification bill depended so much upon dispatch.
It is not necessary either, that the committee
should have waited for an answer from the Sen-
ate, nor upon such occasions is that the usual
course. The committee, if it had done its whole
duty, would have followed the message of the
House to the Senate Chamber, and have been
ready to act instantly with any committee which
might be appointed by that body. But, sir, I re-
gard these points as of very little importance to
the principal inquiry. If the committee had re-
turned to the House when the yeas and nays
were being taken on the road bill, it would have
been too late in point of time to obviate the scru-
ples of those who supposed that the House could
not act after the hour of twelve. I cannot say
that I was right in my impression, but I am cer-
tain that I supposed that hour had arrived before
the road bill passed the House. A gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] who was in every
respect a most exact, sincere, and conscientious
man in the discharge of his duties as a member
of this House, rose in his place, when his name
was called to vote upon that bill, and declared
that he regarded the constitutional term of that
Congress as having expired, and he could not
conscientiously vote upon any question, and he
did not vote. There was no question made as to
the true time; and the statement of the gentleman
from Georgia was acquiesced in so far that no
member rose to correct his statement. I can only
say further upon this point, that when the bill
was signed by the Speaker, it was done under a
confident belief thatthehourof twelve had passed;
and when the President approved it, it must have
been after that hour. Whether, therefore, the
committee retired from the House, or returned to
it, when the question was being taken upon the
road bill, is wholly immaterial in every view of
the subject. We know that the committee of
conference of both Houses agreed to amend the
fortification bill, by adding $800,000 for the pub-
lic defenses—but that the report was not acted
upon in the House, because of the alleged want
of a quorum; and for the further reason alleged,
that the term of Congress expired at the hour of
twelve on the night of the 3d of March, 1835; and
that the report was not presented to the House
until after that hour. Now, sir, the inquiry is,
how it happened that the House found itself
without a quorum at the close of its term, when
so many important subjects remained to be acted
upon; and who were they that withdrew at such
a moment, and what were their motives .'   All
these points I undertake to explain, and settle,
from circumstances so strong as to satisfy every
impartial inquirer. It is fortunate that we have
record proof upon this subject; and it is upon
such I mainly rely in making good my engage-
ment.
It appears from the Journal of that night that
one hundred and seventy-four members voted
upon the passage of the Cumberland road bill__
of that number eighty-three were, and are now,
the political friends and supporters of the Vice
President, Mr. Van Buren, for the succession to
the Presidency. These eighty-three members of
the party had no scruples of conscience when
required to vote upon that bill. You, sir, [Mr.
Hamer, of Ohio,] may know that there were
strong reasons for the passage of that bill besides
the ordinary interest which the people of the
States north of the Ohio had in the road itself;
and it was not safe to be too inquisitive as to the
hour of the night, or as to the precise point of
time, when the constitutional powers of the House
ceased. That bill was to be passed at all hazards.
But a few minutes had elapsed after the passage
of the road bill, when a motion was made to take
up the question of Mr. Letcher's pay, and, after
some little debate, the previous question was
moved, and in ascertaining whether there was a
second to the motion, there appeared, on a count,
to be one hundred and thirty-five members pres-
ent. On taking the main question, immediately
afterwards, by yeas and nays, only one hundred
and thirteen members answered; and so the House
appeared to be without a quorum; one hundred
and twenty-one members being necessary for that
purpose. It thus appears that in the very short
space of time between the vote upon the road bill
and the question of Mr. Letcher's pay, sixty-one
members had retired from the House or refused
to vote; and twenty-two of the members present,
when the previous question was moved on the
question of Mr. Letcher's pay, absented them-
selves immediately, or declined to vote on the
main question, which was put the next moment.
On the question of Mr. Letcher's pay, only thir-
ty-one members of the party voted, less than the
number of the same party which had voted just
before upon the road bill, by fifty-two; and so it
appears that of the sixty-one members who voted
on the road bill, and declined voting on the ques-
tion of Letcher's pay, fifty-two were members of
the dominant party, leaving only nine of the Op-
position to share the responsibility of depriving;
the House of a quorum at that important moment.
These details I know are tedious and uninterest-
ing; but they are important to the cause of truth,
and equally so t(\ the cause of justice between the
respective political parties in the country. I can-
not be satisfied until I show by names who they
were—I mean of what party, and what their prob-
able motives—that were the real authors of the
miscarriage of the fortification bill. The follow-
ing gentlemen, members of the last Congress, and
all members of the party, voted on the Cumber-
land road bill, who, from scruples of conscience
or some other reason, retired or declined to vote
upon any other question during the night: Samuel
Beardsley, Rowland Day, Joel Tunill, R. H. Gil-
let, Jf. Holsey, S. G. Hathaway, N. Johnson, C.
McVain, Job Pearson, and William Taylor, of New
York; John Galbraith, J. B. Sutherland, and Jl.
Beaumont, of Pennsylvania; Jeremiah McLene, B.
Mitchell, W. Patterson, and S. Webster, of Ohio:
J. M. Harper, B. M. Bean, and H. Hubbard, of
New Hampshire; William Schley, of Georgia; G.
P. Osgood, of Massachusetts; Ji. G. Hawes, of
Kentucky; H. Conner, of North Carolina; Ratliff
JSoonand John Carr, of Indiana; Gorham Parks, of
Maine; and J. M. H. Beat, of Virginia.
I give the names, not from any personal disre-
spect, but that all who know the gentlemen may
draw their own conclusions; as all I can vouch
for in regard to them is, that, as party men, they
are, without exception, good and true; as faithful
a band as ever rallied under party chief; but, sir,
they must be allowed to be honest and have scru-
ples of conscience like other men. But I have
another list, which will place this point beyond
dispute. The following gentlemen, twenty-tw«
in number, and all of the true faith, who did not
vote on the question of Letcher's pay, reappeared
afterwards, and actually voted upon one, and
