1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
much the largest number of them on two motions
to adjourn, which were decided upon the yeas
and nays, long after the vote upon Letcher's case:
Ph. Dicker^on, M. T. Hawkins, Benjamin Jones,
E Kivanigh, J. K. Polk, J. B. Vanhouten, Joseph
B .Inlhonv, John Chaney, John Ctamer, D. KU-
gore, T Lee, E Lucas, C Lyon, M Mason, Jr.,
Jame" Parker, F. Ü.J. Smith, Jesse Speight, R. Jar-
rlS) W L May, W. AT. Shtnn, J. J. McKay, and
E Hoicell. These twenty-two members, added
to the one hundred and thnteen who voted upon
the question of Letcher's pay, make the whole
number one hundred and thirty-five which must
have been present, either in the House or within
call, at the time the question was taken upon
the proposition to pay Letcher; besides those
who were present but declined voting upon any
question at all after the road bill passed. Here,
then, sir, is proof positive and certain, that there
was a quorum present at the very point of time
when it is affirmed by those who wish to avoid
responsibility and throw the odium of the loss
of the fortification bill upon others, that there
was not one in the House. It is due to those
gentlemen whose names I have taken the liberty
to mention, to say, that they may have acted
from very proper motives, and very different from
those I have left to be inferred from the manner
in which I have stated the argument.
In order to show the view which the gentleman
from New Yoik [Mr. Cambreleng] took of this
question, and the distinct ground upon which he
placed his own justification, I will read an ex-
tract from a letter printed in the Intelligencer of
the 9th of March, with his signature.
Mr. Bell was reading that part of Mr. Cam-
breleng's letter in which he stated that the com-
mittee of conference left the House immediately
after it was appointed, and in which he referred
to the Cumberland road bill as having been taken
up and acted upon in the absence of the commit-
tee, when
Mr.CAMBRELENGexplained.and asked the
fentleman from Tennessee if he had not heard
is statement upon this point on a former day '
He also referred to the Journals to show that a
statement then appeared, made by him on the
night of the 3d of March, in which it was alleged
that the vote was decided on the question of
Letcher's pay when the committee returned to
the House; and he was surprised that the gentle-
man from Tennessee should not know the fact;
and if there was anything wrong in the Journal,
the Speaker, whose duty it was to see it made up
properly, was responsible.
Mr. BELL. I heard the gentleman's statement
at a former day. He then stated that the com-
mittee did not retire until he and another member
of the committee voted on the road bill. But I
still do not regard the statement as decisive of the
fact; for the gentleman's own recollection was
different a few days after the adjournment; and
as to the responsibility to which the gentleman
thinks the Speaker ought to be held, I am willing
to bear all proper responsibility; but no man who
was present can suppose it possible that the
Speaker could possibly remember the order of
all that was said and done on that most harassing
night. As to the statement which appears, by
the Journal, to have been made by the gentleman
in relation to the time when the committee re-
turned to the House, it proves nothing more than
the gentleman's own verbal statement could now
do; for it was a matter that did not belong to the
Journals, and ought not to have been there. But
I state again that I do not regard the question of
the time when the committee returned to the
House as at all material; I vías proceeding to read
the letter of the gentleman more with a view to
another and distinct point, than to show how lit-
tle reliance was to be placed upon the recollections
of any one as to the precise time at which any
particular event transpired. The gentleman fur-
ther states in his letter, after affirming that the
committee returned to the House while the yeas
and nays were being called upon the Letcher case,
that " a quorum on the question of Letcher's pay
not having voted, the Chair could receive no re-
port from any committee." This is the material
statement to which I wish to call the attention of
the committee. It is true the gentleman did state
in Ins place on that night that there was no quo-
rum present, and he gave that as a reason why
he had not presented the report of the committee,
but in doing so he acted gratuitously. In taking
notice that no quorum was present, even if it were
the fact, he assumed a duty and responsibility
wholly unusual and unprecedented in the practice
of this House,unless the member who takes such
a course intends to defeat the measure before the
House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG appealed to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to say if, after a question
was taken by yeas and nays, and no quorum
voted, the case would not be different, and whether
it was not his duty to notice the fact'
Mr. BELL. I have just submitted the evidence
of the fact that, notwithstanding the vote upon
Letcher's pay, there was actually a quorum in
the House; and it is difficult, from all the facts
of the case, to suppose that the gentleman from
New York did not himself know that a quorum
was either present or within call, if he had de-
sired one. But, sir, whether there was a quorum
present or not, and although every member may
properly take notice of the want of a quorum at
any time, and require a count of the House, yet
I appeal to the oldest members of the House (and
there are gentlemen present who have been mem-
bers fifteen or twenty years) to say, if they ever
knew a single instance in which a memberfnendly
to a measure required a count of the House' We
all know that the Journals are often read, and
other business of importance transacted, without
a quorum. Nothing is more common than to re-
ceive reports from committees the first half hour
after the meeting of the House without a quorum.
It is the duty of the Speaker, at all times, to see
that a quorum is present when important busi-
ness is transacted; and so it would have been his
duty, if the report of the committee of conference
had been presented, to see that there was a quo-
rum in the House when it was acted upon. Sir,
the Speaker would have taken the responsibility
of receiving the report of the committee that
night without a count of the House, because he
was satisfied that there was a quorum present, not-
withstand i ng the vote on the question of Letcher's
pay; and I repeat, that the course of the gentle-
man, in taking upon himself the responsibility
of asking a count of the House, was gratuitous;
and could only be explained oi justified by his
desire to defeat the measure of which he had
charge. Sn, 1 am the more earnest in pressing
this point, because I feel that the Chan was, in
some measure, responsible for the loss of the for-
tification bill, by having placed a gentleman at the
head of the committee of conference who had
already indicated a disposition to let the bill fall;
and it was by the request of the gentleman who
made the motion fora committee, and from court-
esy to the gentleman from New York, who was
at the head of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that he was appointed chairman of that commit-
tee. If a gentleman friendly to the measure had
been placed at the head of the committee, it is
probable the bill would have been passed.
I have now done with details on this subject.
Besides these, there would be much to satisfy the
mind of any man who had a full view of this
Hall, and the actors in it, on that extraordinary
night, upon the question at issue. Occupying
the position I did, it was impossible not to have
very decided opinions upon the motives and con-
duct of the parties concerned. Soon after the
passage of the Cumberland road bill, symptoms
of adisposition todo no more business, on the part
of many members, were apparent. Notlong after
the return of the committee of conference, the ele-
ments of discord greatly increased. It was obvious
that the whippers in of the party had suddenly
become the whippers out. I saw that a powerful
effort was making to prevent any further action
of the House upon some measure or other. When
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng]
objected that there was no quorum present, I had
no further doubt as to the course of the gentle-
man and his friends upon that measure. I must
say, however, that I did not at that time indulge
in any very uncharitable feelings in relation to
the increased efforts of that gentleman and his
friends to defeat the fortification bill, for I had
heard, either about the time the committee of con-
ference had returned to the House  or ehertly
afterwards, a rumor that the President had de-
clared he would not sign any bill which might
pass after twelve o'clock; and I supposed it very
natural, and not altogether unfair as a party move-
ment, to suffer the bill to fall between the two
Houses, rather than throw the whole responsi-
bility of its loss upon the President. It is true
that neither then nor since have I heard from any
authentic source that the President made any such
declaration; but it is also true that I have heaid
no contradiction of the rumor. If the President
had made such a declaration, I knew, and the
gentlemen themselves knew, that the President
would not be likely to change his mind, whatever
were the motives which prompted his course
But, sir, what I do blame in the course of the
gentlemen, and for which I think they deserve
the censure of the whole country, is that after
they had, as I have conclusively shown, with-
drawn themselves from the House or declined
voting upon every question, or otherwise so man-
aged as to deprive the House of a quorum, and
thus to defeat the fortification bill, they should,
as a party, and through the public press in their
interest, join in the clamor, and countenance the
charge, that at a time when there was imminent
danger of war, the Senate, and particularly an
honorable Senator from Tennessee, had defeated
the necessary appropriations for the defense of
the country. There is no apology, no defense
for such a course. Gentlemen ought to remem-
ber that Judge White especially was assailed in
the most unjust and gross manner He was even
impeached of " treasonable conduct" for his vote
upon this question; and he was charged with hav-
ing prepared, in conjunction with the majority of
the Senate, "to play the part of Benedict Jltmold,
and betray our fortifications to the enemy." This
article was copied into the Globe, and the num-
ber of that paper containing it was actually sent
by the President himself, under his own frank, to
every member of the Tennessee Legislature' It
is due to the Senate and Judge White to state
that they had added, by way of amendment,
$450,000 to the bill as it was originally sent to the
Senate; and they had also agreed, by their com-
mittee of conference, to add $800,000 more; in
all $1,250,000, in addition to the original bill
which contained $459,000 only. The House had
it in its power, with the consent of the Senate,
to appropriate $1,689,000 for the public defenses,
but the interests of party prevailed over those of
the country, and the whole bill was lost.
The defense of those members of the party of
the succession who withdrew, or declined voting
at all, after the passage of the Cumberland road
bill, is put upon the ground of conscientious
scruples. This defense is liable to two decisive
objections. In the first place, those scruples
came upon gentlemen too suddenly, and too late
also; for the hour of twelve had arrived before
the Cumberland road bill passed the House; and
although some few individuals may justly be
supposed to have been seized with sudden scruples
of conscience after the vote on the road bill, such
tisilmgs, in their natural operation, are never
known to operate upon one political party and
not upon another. Of the sixty-one members
who voted on the road bill, and refused to rote
on the next question that was taken up in the
House, fifty-two were the supporters of Mr. Van
Buren for the Presidency! But the defense of the
gentleman «liable to this further objection. They
are members of the party which has maintained
the ground during the last twelve months, and
which succeeded in imposing their view  upon a
large portion of the public, that there was just
reason to apprehend a war with France, at the
very time the fortification bill was lost. Now,
if there was actually no danger of war, the loss
of that bill was a matter of no serious consequence
to the country; and all that has been said to the
contrary has been mere trifling. But if there
was really any probable reason to apprehend war
at the close of the last session of Congress, then
it was just such an emergency, as that all consti-
tutional doubts about the power of the House to
pass the bill after twelve o'clock at night, ought,
upon principle as well as the authority of pre-
cedent, to have been solved in favor of the power.
It is strange that a whole party, which claims
exclusive patriotism* should, have been paralyzed
