734
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
by doubts at such a crisis. What' when the
country was supposed to be upon the eve of a
war with a powerful nation—its military defenses
incomplete, unarmed, and decayed—is it at such
a crisis, that scruples and doubts about constitu-
tional power, arising upon a mere question of
hours—not of days, but of hours—aie suffered
to affect measures essential to the honor, safety,
and perhaps the very existence of the Govern-
ment' It was not so with General Jackson when
the public enemy were at the gates, and threat-
ened the safety of a single city of the Union '
But what strikes me as most extraordinary is,
that the President himself should have had scru-
ples of conscience about the power of Congress
to pass laws after twelve o'clock on the 3d of
March, 1835, and that he should have resolved to
sign no bill that should pass the House after that
hour. Sir, if the President did make that declara-
tion, it is conclusive evidence that he regarded the
country as in ro danger of war. He surely would
not have been so regardless of the interests of the
country as to desire the loss of the fortification
bill for any party advantage which might be ex-
pected from it, in carrying on the war against the
Senate and Judge White, when the country itself
was exposed to the danger of a foreign war. Sir,
the President and his advisers had no fears of a
war with France at the close of the last session
of Congress, nor at any other time. This is mani-
fest from their own conduct. If it had been sup-
posed at the close of the last session of Congress
that a war with France was a probable event, it
was the sworn and sacred duty of the President,
under the Constitution, to have advised Congress
of his apprehensions, and to have recommended
immediate measures for the defense of the country.
He should have communicated his fears, freely
and fully, upon this subject to Congress—for it is
the Executive Department of Government which
has charge of, and is always presumed to be bet-
ter informed upon such questions than Congress.
The communication should have been to Con-
gress, and not to individual members. Again, sir,
it was equally the duty of the President, under
the Constitution, to have convoked the new Con-
gress at the earliest day possible after the last
adjournment, if he really anticipated war with
France. If any new cause of war, or any addi- i
tional reason to apprehend a war with France,
was conceived to exist in the course of the French
Chambers, in requiring an apology which the
President could not give consistently with the
honor of the country, Congress ought to have
been called immediately on the receipt of the in-
telligence. It would have been in the power of
the President at any time during the summer and
fall of that year, to have repaired the mischief of ¡
the loss of the three million appropriation, by
calling Congress together and laying before them
the state of the country, and recommending prop-
er measures to meet the crisis. His not having
done so, is conclusive with me, that there was no
expectation of war; and the hue and cry raised
about the loss of the three million appropriation
and fortification bill must be regarded as one of
the great number of false pretences and impos-
tures which have been invented by the party for
political effect and popular excitement.
There is another subject, Mr. Chairman, which
I feel bound to avail myself of this occasion to
notice more particularly than I have yet done.
It is another one of that series of pretenses and
impostures which I have so often alluded to. I
refer now to the alleged mischief and danger of
terminatingan election of President by this House.
No subject has been more artfully handled and
portrayed in more alarming colors, in the South
and Southwest, during the last fall and summer,
by the partisans and adherents of the Vice Pres-
ident than this one. None, sir, has produced a
more decided effect upon the public mind. It is
well known that, in those sections of the Union
especially, an election by the House of Repre-
sentatives was made particularly odious by the
representations and denunciations of the election
by the House in 1825. It was one of the stand-
ing themes of every political declaimer during the
last year. The evils of such a catastrophe as
another election by the House has been a subject
of constant regret and lamentation, in the columns
of every leading journal in the interest of Mr.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Van Buren. I should not be far wrong if I were
to say that two thuds of all the honest and sober-
¡ minded planters and farmers in the whole South
and Southwest, who are disposed to support the
nomination of the Baltimore Convention, would
assign as the reason of their couise, if they were
asktd, their horror of an election by the House
of Representatives, and their fears, that by sup-
poitmg any other candidate they will only con-
tribute to bung about this result. Knowing the
extent of this feeling, the partisans of Mr. Van
Buren have, in many districts, rested his cause
entirely upon this point. A French war was de-
scribed as an infinitely less evil than an election
by the House of Representatives. It has been,
and is now, asserted by the zealous and interested
advocates of the Vice President throughout the
country, that an election by the House would be
carried by intrigue, bribery, and corruption; and
that the voice of the people will be unheeded in
the contest. The Government journal, printed
in this city, (the Globe,) has ot late uniformly
represented an election by the House of Repre-
sentatives as the greatest calamity which could
befall the country I propose now to unvail the
course of the party in power upon this subject,
and to expose their artifices and insincerity.
It is very well known to those who look be-
yond the surface—who pay only a due regaid to
professions, and examine the real motives of
human action as they are exhibited in the course
of the present self-styled Republican party, that
they advocate the propriety and necessity of ad-
hering to the practice of nominating a President
and Vice President by caucus or conventions not
for the purpose of preventing an election by the
House of Representatives, but upon the ground
that, as they allege, in no other way can a party
be kept together, or the power and patronage of
the Government be secured to their own mem-
bers or followers. This is the true motive, and
this the true secret of the extraordinary efforts
and influences which have been made, and brought
to bear on the people of late, in order to give
popularity and permanence to the practice of such
nominations. To avoid the evils of an election
by the House is the professed object of the party.
That has been the great political bugbear which
has been held up and paraded through the coun-
try, to frighten the people into an acquiescence
in the nomination of such a body as the late Bal-
timore convention The truth is, that without
the benefit of the terrors created by the frightful
image of an election by the House, which has
been so constantly kept before the eyes of the peo-
ple, the nomination of the Baltimore convention
would have found no countenance. And this, sir,
is the solution of the mystery—here lies the secret
of the continued and marked neglect with which
tne repeated recommendations of the President
in relation to such an amendment of the Consti-
tution as would hereafter prevent an election of
President and Vice President by the House, and
secure it to the people, has been treated by the
party. The history of this proposition is remark-
able, and highly instructive as well as curious.
It cannot be forgotten that, from 1825, until the
commencement of the present Administration,
this proposition was a favorite policy of the party
which brought General Jackson into power. The
whole subject was, during that period, ably and
fully discussed both in Congress and in the pub-
lic journals. When General Jackson was elected
by the people, no one doubted but that one of the
first acts which would distinguish the action of
Congress would be, to recommend such an amend-
ment to the States for their adoption. General
Jackson, in his first message, urged the subject
upon the attention of Congress in the strongest
and most persuasive language. In his second,
and in each succeeding annual message, he has
done the same thing. Regarding the discussion
of the subject as having commenced in 1825, it is
now upwards of ten years since it has been be-
fore the country in the most imposing form—in
the annual messages of the President. The argu-
ments and language of the message upon this sub-
ject are worthy of particular notice, and I must
ask leave to refer to them. [Here Mr. B. read
several passages from the messages of the Presi-
dent upon this subject, all of which went to show
how important it was, in the opinion of the Presi-
Ho. of Reps.
dent, such an amendment of the Constitution
should be made.] Well, sir, what has been the
íesult—the efftct of these repeated and urgent rec
ommendations? In theeaily part of the Admin-
istration , many earnest and wt 11 meant efforts were
made to get this House to take up and act upon
this subject, piopositions in a variety of shapes
were prtscnted, and it has been a pai tof the reg-
ular forms of the House, at the beginning of evei y
session, to appoint a select committee upon this
subject—but, sir, the truth cannot be disguised or
disputed, that those efforts were the efforts of in-
dividuals only, that the regular annual appoint-
ment of special committees* has been but a mere
form; and at no time could the party be lalhed in
favor of the proposition. There was always
somewhere, and from some motive, a power and
an influence which thwarted the action of the
I House upon this question.
I Soon after the opening of the last session of
i Congress, this subject began to excite increased
interest, and certainly demanded prompt attention
from those who seriously and honestly believed
an election by the House of Representatives ought
to be avoided. It was then that it became mani-
fest that the Jackson party would be divided upon
the sub]ect of his successor; and an honorable
Senator from Tennessee was brought to the no-
tice of the country as a candidate for the Presi-
! dency, and supported under such circumstances
and upon principles which forbid the hope that
his fuends would surrender his pretensions to the
man who it was foreseen would be the favorite of
the contemplated Baltimore convention. This
was a conjuncture to test the principles of the
party upon this subject. The danger of a divis-
ion in the ranks of the party in power was man-
ifest. That an election by the House would be
a result of this state of things, could not certainly
be foreseen; but all must have seen that such a
result might take place. As early as the 10th of
December, 1834, a select committee was appointed
to consider and report upon this subject. Special
care was taken to appoint a clear majority upon
the committee who were known to have avowed
themselves favorable to an amendment of the Con-
stitution, which would exclude the election from
the House. The following gentlemen composed
i the committee- Messrs Gilmer, Archer, Binney,
I Beardsley, Gorham, Jb/insonof Kentucky, Spetght,
Hubbard, and Carr. Five of these gentlemen are
the known supporters of General Jackson and of
Mr. Van Buren as his successor; and all were
understood, when the committee was appointed,
to be in favor of the recommendation of the Pres-
ident, which it was their exclusive and special
duty to consider and report upon. The chairman
of the committee, Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia, though
not a supporter of the Administration, was known
to be a gentleman of great sincerity, talents, and
energy; and he was also known to be a zealous
advocate of the propositions submitted to the com-
mittee. I have a personal knowledge that unusual
efforts were made by the chairman of the commit-
tee, and by various other individuals, to prevail
upon the committee to agree upon some report at
an early day of the session, that it might be before
the House and acted upon before the close of the
session. The friends of Judge White especially,
fearing the use which would be made against him
of the argument that, by dividing the party, the
election might be brought into the House, exerted
themselves in every fair and honorable way to
procure a decision upon the question by Congress.
Several of the members of this committee, who
had always avowed themselves in favor of the
measure, were privately appealed to; but all was
vain. The answer was they could not agree upon
the details of the measure—no two, it was said,
could agree. Now, sir, every member of the least
experience in legislation knows that upon any
important question whatever involving details,
two men can rarely be found to agree upon all of
them. It is notonous that no committee of this
House would ever report upon any subject of im-
portance if a majority of its members were ex-
pected to unite upon all the details of it. All that
can be expected in such cases, is that a majority
shall agree upon the principle of the report. The
House is always expected to alter the details ac-
cording to the views of the majority. It was no
adequate excuse to say they could not agree upon
