1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
of arms, the equipment of fleets, the raising of
armies, and the election of forts, we have no
alteinativt kft to us but that of appropriating
lar¿tly tor defense, or suffering this wealth to
accumulate until the sum ot its enticing glones
shall uin the heart of some one to use it for the
mastery of us all, and the conquest of the liberty
that is left to us And, sir, I say ajatn, in refer-
ence to tins objection, as well as all others of a
similarcharactLi, thatso long as the public money
can be usefully applitd to the indispensable ob-
ject ot tin necessary piotection and salety of the
country, any and every object of expenditure
sinks, in my judgment, into inft tior'ty with that
Sullanotht.rob|tction to the measures proposed
by the resolution boioie us lemams to be an-
swtred. We are told theie is no danger of a war.
It maybe that there is no imnediate danger. Sir,
I believe it will be found so. But is it wise, is it
consistent with that primary obligation to "pro-
vide for the common defense," which the Consti-
tution imposes upon us, to wait till that danger
comes betore we take measures for security—to
sleep till we hear the cannon of the enemy, with-
out an attempt at self-protection ' The building
of a navy, or the erection of a fort, is not the
work of a day or a year. To build ships, and to
build them so that they may, in the hands of
American seamen, sustain the American charac-
ter, to erect fortifications for the permanent secu-
rity of our commercial cities, and our important
harbors, to arm them, and man them, are ends
not to be attained without the preparation of
years, even if we had five times the wealth of the
Treasury to offer for them. We must go to work
for the accomplishment of so great an object, as
all others ha\e done who have achieved anything
worthy of a nation's honor or security—not hast-
ily and without reflection, but with caution and
circumspection, in the choice and use of all the
means requisite. If we listen to the suggestion
that there is no danger of war, we shall never do
anything until it is too late to attempt it with cer-
tainty of success. When such danger is immi-
nent, and comes upon a nation unprepared as we
lire, everything done is accomplished in confu-
sion, but nothing is well done, and the expenses
occasioned amidst hurry and excitement are en-
hanced greatly beyond those which a prudent and
vigilant superintendence, in time of peace, would
ever tolerate.
Our real condition may be easily understood,
without an appeal to official documents. On both
sides of the House, and by gentlemen of all parties,
it is reiterated that our whole sea-board is in a
wretched state of defense. The honorable chair-
man of our Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Benton] waa the first to proclaim the fact in this
debate, and the honorable gentleman from Penn-
 ylvania[Mr. Buchanan] has added to the picture
he presented of our naked, exposed, and defense-
less situation. To enable others to understand
this, let every member from the Atlantic States
bear evidence of the situation of the defenses
existing within his own personal observation.
Years have passed away, during which not a gun,
from any fortification, could have been brought
to bear upon a hostile squadron passing the Del-
aware, from Cape Henlopen to Philadelphia.
Five years ago, the only effective fort known
there was accidentally destroyed by fire, and no
serious effort has been made to rebuild it No*
sir, everything requisite for defease, not only m
that quarter, but every where else, has been viewed
as a secondary consideration, when brongbt into
competition with a party object—to «take the
boast of having paid off the national debt during
the existence of this Administration. The honJ
orable chairman of our Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Southard) has informed us, in this
debate, how utterly insufficient are our naval
preparations for a state of war; and, in connec-
tion with the fact demonstrated by him, that we
could not now concentrate, within any reasonable
period, a sufficient naval force, upon any one
point of our whole Atlantic sea-board, to resist,
with success, a formidable attack suddenly made
by a foreign fleet, permit me again to invite your
attention to the peculiar situation of the country
on both sides of the Delaware.
At the entrance of that bay, on whose waters
floats the commerce of one of our largest cities,
No. 47
and of a country than which none could be more
inviting to a rapacious foe, we have erected a
breakwater for the protection of shipping against
the effects of stoims and ice. It is, indeed, a no-
ble and enduring monument of the sasacity and
wisdom of Congress, and exhibits pioof of a dis-
position to protect the commercial interests of the
whole country, which I hope to see cherished and
encouraged hereafter. It is said to have been,
thus fai, constructed on terms which prove that,
in the erection of such public works as this, we
are capable of performing more labor for less
money than any foreign nation of whose opera-
tions, in the same way, we have any conect in-
formation, and although, in consequence of its
unfinished condition, we have not yet realized all
the advantages of this great work, yet it is be-
lieved by those whose means of judging I rely on,
that, by the protection which it has already given
to our shipping, from nearly all parts of the Union,
against the dangerof shipwreck, property has been
saved which is of greater value than the whole
cost of the work. It furnishes now an excellent
harbor; but it is a harbor, of all others, the most
tnvtting to a hostile Jleet; and not a gun is yet
mounted to defend it, nor has there been any at-
tempt to erect a fortification for its protection
Without such a defense, it will prove in time of
war with a nation of superior naval and maritime
power, a curse to the country; for while it de-
prives us of all benefit from the operations against
an enemy of our ancient allies, the winds and ice,
it must become the point from which a hostile
fleet may pillage our coast, blockade our vessels,
and harass, in a greater or less degree, our whole
commerce. The entrance to the Chesapeake and
Delaware canal is also left undefended, by the
burning of Fort Delaware, and the neglect to re-
build it—a neglect which, if longer continued, I
shall be compelled to consider as a violation of
the contract by which the State which ceded the
island on which it stood to the Government stip-
ulated, in the act of cession, for the erection and
maintenance of a fortification apon it forever after.
Our western frontier is scarcely less exposed.
For years past we have been steadily pursuing
the policy of driving the Indian tribes beyond the
States, and, by the gradual operation of this sys-
tem, we have thrown nearly all the ancient In-
dian population, formerly within their limits, on
our western border, where it now rests, strength-
ened by connection with other tribes, and by a
density which it never knew before. At this mcv
ment a war is raging in Florida with a remnant
of this fierce and untamable people; and a feel-
ing is enkindled in the bosoms of the whole race
which, at the slightest appearance of a rupture
with a foreign Power, might, under the manage-
ment of a skillful leader, bring thirty thousand
savage warriors into the field to desolate our
western settlements
Sir, it is said, and repeated with great confi-
dence, that there is no danger of a war with
France! Although I hope that God in his mercy
may avert from us as a nation that worst of
all scourges; although I believe that we shall be
saved from it in this instance, and intend to ex-
ert all my humble means to prevent it, so long as
I can do so consistently with the honor of my
country  yet it is impossible to review the facts
connected with the controversy between us and
France, without perceiving that we have arrived
at that po*nt at which the power of retreating
with honor from our own position is not left to
us alone, unless, indeed, the resolutions passed
at the last session, that tile treaty of July, 1831,
ought to be insisted on, shall now be receded
from by «Is. France may recede; bat the nego-
tiation has been so conducted that, unless we
abandon the treaty, we cannot ttep backwards with-
out dishonor. To show this, a very brief history
of thatcontroversy will be sufficient. The French
spoliations on our commerce, for which that
treaty provided art indemnity to ua of twenty-five
million francs, (about four million seven hundred
thousand dollars,) all occurred more than twenty-
five years ago, and have ever since been the sub-
ject of just complaint against that nation. These
spoliations were of the most un|ustifiable, cruel,
and outrageous character. We submitted to them
at the time they were committed, only because
they were accompanied by still more atrocious
violations of neutral rights by another one of the
great belligerent nations of Europe, against which
we shortly afterwards declared war Against the
latter power we proceeded, and obtained what-
ever satisfaction a war could give us Our claim
on the other was never abandoned, it was always
insisted on. The real amount of injury we had
sustained far exceeded the petty sum which at
last we obtained as an indemnity by a solemn
treaty made on the 4th of July, 1831.
The commissioners appointed by Congress to
ascertain and liquidate the demands of the rival
claimants under the treaty, whose property had
been burnt oi captured by the French, have fixed
those demands at sums the aggregate of which is
nearly twice the sum of twenty-five millions of
francs, the indemnity allowed us Yet, without
taking into the estimate any of the spoliations
committed by France under the Berlin and Milan
decrees, the sum assessed by the commissioners
under the treaty is far below what would have
been assessed by arbitrators, had such been ap-
nointed to settle the dispute between our country
and France. Without now going into a state-
ment of the principles which govern every com-
mission, where rival claimants under the same
nation, instead of rival nations, are contending
for justice against each other, I content myself
with saying that there does not rest a doubt on
my mind that the sum allowed us by France, by
the treaty of July, 1831, was not equal to one
fourth of the actual loss we had sustained by that
nation in the pride of its power, and inflicted upon
us by means the most wanton, cruel, and unpro-
voked. Sir, 1 was one of those who ratified, in
this Hall, the treaty of July, 1831. We did it
with a full knowledge that the indemnity pro-
posed was not, in amount of money, a real indem-
nity for the wrongs which had been inflicted upon
us. We did it with a full knowledge of all the
immense advantages conceded to France by that
provision in the treaty which established a dis-
criminating duty in favor of her wines and silks,
in consideration of the return of our ancient friend
and ally to that justice which had marked the
period of our earliest connection with her. We
thus, for the sake of harmony with France, in-
troduced a principle into the exercise of our treaty-
making power* which, if not novel, is ceitainly
very unusual; for, in the exercise of our authority
simply to ratify the treaty, we pledged our own
legislative power, and that of the other House of
Congress, to regulate the tariff of the nation ac-
cording to the treaty.
Immediately, and without delay, Congress did
so regulate the tariff, and the discrimination in
favor of the staples of France over those of all
other nations was embodied in our statute-book.
My honorable friend, butpolitical opponent,from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] has said that, by
means of this clause in the treaty, France has
already gained inore than the whole indemnity*
which she thus stipulated to pay to our citvzens;
that he has called upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for the purpose of ascertaining the amount;
and he exhibited a tabular statement, prepared
at his request, which proved that, had the duties
on French wines and silks remained as they were
at the date of the ratification of the treaty, these
articles since that time would have paid into the
Treasury, on tbe 30th of September, 1834, (moro
than a year ago,) $3,961,525. The honorable
gentleman added that, before the conclusion of
the ten years mentioned in the treaty, France will
have been freed from th« paymeat of duties to an
amount considerably above $12,000,000. To thia
statement my honorable friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittinden] justly excepts, but considers
the reduction of duties as a benefit to the Amer-
ican consumer only. Sir, both the gentlemen are
m error. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is
wrong in considering that France alone has pock-
eted the benefit resulting from the reduction, and
the gentleman from Kentucky is wrong, if he sup-
poses that the importing merchant, as well as the
producer of the articles of wines and silks in
France, has not enjoyed, together with the con-
sumer here, the advantages derived from the dis-
crimination. The fact is, that the duty on French
wines and silks was reduced, as I have stated, to
take effect at the time of ratifying the treaty, and
the duty of fire per cent, on French silks was;
