1836.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
quiet, or w haher we would adopt a plan of non-  I
interi-ouTM with Fiance   and, after this demand
upon us all to leave the non-committal policy,
and dtclniü our future course with candor, he
Íiroeeeds, he said, to declare lus own sentinn nts.
Jut wluti hü had thuse\cited much attention by
th s pit tace to lus expected annunciation, he lett
ut vv th a most hrae and impotent conclusion,
siniplv dichrnu that,/,,) his pait, he was—what'
mIij " He* satisfied that things should remain ex-
act! y is t lit y a re " The mi ssagt, which announces
the mcdiUion ot Enghnd has since been received,
and I hope the gentleman will be content that
things should remain, for the present at least,
txaJly a> thaj ate. Let us wait, sir, till we leaui
the effect of the last annual message on France,
and what it. the feeling of that country in regard
to the English mediation, and, in future, let me
beg the hoi oiable gentleman not to be so rash,
hut adopt a little more of the non-committal pol-
icy, by avoiding such hasty and inconsiderate
avowals.
Throughout the wholedebnte on this resolution,
the principal object of honorable gentlemen on the
other side of the House seems to have been, not
so much to sustiin the resolution itself, as to in-
culpate those uho, during the last session in this
body, rejected what is called the three million
amendment to the bill making appropriations for
fortifications, Ha\ ing now considered all the ob-
jections to the resolution before us, I shall follow
the gentleman so far as to meet and repel their
unjust assault upon the last Senate, and, in doing
this, I shall not hesitate to put them on the de-
fensive in return for their attack. I shall not fol-
low the example of my honorable friend fiom
Isorth Ciiolma, [Mi. Ma*gum,] by refusing to
be tried for my votes on that fortification bill be-
fore this Senate. I shall not plead, as he declared
he would,to the jurisdiction. Here, or elsewhere,
I stand prepared to refute and put down all accu-
sations that have been, or may be now, leveled
against me for my conduct as a member of this
body, in regard to our foreign relations, as well
as the great duty of providing for the national de-
fense. No matter where, or by whom, a charge
against any vote of mine on those subjects has
been made, sir, I answer them all, that I have
been faithful to the country, and that I am ready
to prove it.
The first charge in which I, in common with
every other member of the Senate, am involved,
was made by a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives from Massachusetts, [Mr. J. Q.. Ad-
ams,] in his place during the last session. After
the proceedings of the Senate on the feport of our
Committee on Foreign Relations, and our unan-
imous vote to sustain the resolution which was
recommended by that committee, as modified by
the chairman, [Mr. Clay,] that member of the
other House, at the last session, pronounced in
debate that the Senate had dodged the question.
Yes, sir, according to his judgment at the time,
men of all parties here—men of the most opposite
political opinions—friends and foes—Administra-
tion men, Whigs, and Anti-Masons—had all com-
bined to dodge the question, because all had united
in a vote, on the 14th day of January, 1825, de-
claring that, at that day, no legislative provision
ought to be adopted in relation to the state of our
affairs with France. The memberfrom Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] and the chairman, [Mr. Clay,]
the members from Pennsylvania, New York,
Georgia, Tennessee, and every other State, men
who never before were arraigned togethef on the
same charge,and who, whatever other faults may
have been imputed to them, were certainly never
before charged with dodging anything, were all
thus arraigned together. Passing over, for the
present, the kind feeling exhibited by such a re-
mark towards our chairman, [Mr. Clay,] and,
indeed, all others here, and the degree of decorum
it evinced towards the whole mass of members in
a coordinate branch of the Government, I ask
now that the Senate may turn their attention to
the propriety of the vote thus condemned. On
the very day we thus voted, by way of response
to the Executive message recommending reprisals,
Mr. Livingston, in Paris, was inditing a dispatch
to our Secretary of State, in which he uses the
following language. Referring to theprejet de lot,
or bill of the French Chambers to make the
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
appropriation for payment of our whole claim, '
he says, in his letter dated Pans, January 14,
1835:
" The law, it 11 said, will he presented to day and I have
very little doubt that it will pass Ihe ministerial phalanx,
reinforced by those ot the opposition (ind tluj are not a
few) who will not tike the re-ponsibihtv of involving the
countrv in the difficulties \\ hit ii thev now see imi't ( nsue,
v.M be sufficient to carrv the tote Iherecill of Seruner,
and the notice to me, ire meibire-, winch ire rt sorted to
to saie the ¡irile of thi Croieintntnt and the nation "
Sir, if Mr Livingston had been present on the
14th of January last, holding the seat in this
Chamber which he formerly held, he must, for
the very reasons assigned in this dispatch, have
joined with us all in our vote. If we dodged the
question in Washington, he, too, was dodging it
at the same time in Pans; foi, at the very time
we were voting the resolution, he was writing the
very reason for adopting it in a letter. Yet this
dispatch, and the contents of this letter, were
wholly unknown to us until the 26th of Febru-
ary, after our vote was given, when it was com-
municated by the President in a message to the
other House, and ordered to be published. [Mr
C here íeferred to the document of that date,
and, having read it, continued ]
Sir, was there ever before presented to the mind
of man more conclusive evidence of wisdom,fore-
sight, firm, lofty, and patriotic purpose in any
statesman than was given by the chairman of our
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Clay,]
who drew that report, and under whose lead we
all, with one voice, yielding up, as we all did that
day, every party feeling on the altar of our coun-
try's welfare, voted a respectful, but unanimous
and decided, dissent from the Executive recom-
mendation of repnsals, which we published to the
world in connection with the report vindicating
to all mankind the justice of our claims on France,
and avowing a fixed resolve to insist on the ex-
ecution of the treaty> It was a moment, when a
mistake on our part would have been fatal to the
peace and prosperity of the whole country. It
was a moment when, if we had yielded to the
impetuosity of the Executive recommendation,
war must have been inevitable. It was a moment
when, forming our own opinions from the data
disclosed in the report, without any knowledge
of the existing views of our Minister at Pans,
and possessed of no such means of ascertaining
them as the President enjoyed, we dared to differ
with him, and frankly to express our determina-
tion not to comply with his desire for hostile meas-
ures At such a crisis in our affairs, we dared
to -stake our character before the people by the
firm expression of an opinion which, if erroneous,
would have prostrated us forever. We staked
upon it, under all the disadvantages of our situa-
tion as to means of information, compared with
the Executive, all that the statesman's aspirations
can hope for, and all that the patriot's heart can
wish, feeling that if we erred we should be de- |
nounced, but that if right, we had saved our coun-
try from one of the greatest curses that could
befall it. The report sanctioned by this unan-
imous vote, was wafted across the Atlantic as
rapidly as the winds and waves could bear it; and
the effect of its reception in France was imme-
diately perceptible there, in the general restoration {
of kind feelings towards ourcountrymen. That
proud, sensitive, and warlike nation at once felt
that there was a power tn this country to control
the irritable and impetuous temper of the Execu-
tive; equally prepared, on the one hand, to offer J
no insult to any foreign nation, and, on the other,
to submit to no meditated injury when mild and
pacific remonstrances should fail to obtain redress
for it. Sir, it was eminently by the force of this
powerful document—this unanimous vote of the
Senate—that the friends of justice and peace jn
the French Chamber of Deputies quelled the fierce
spirits, eager there to find even a plausible pre-
text for a war, which, while it would have in-
flicted incalculable damage upon France, must
also, in six months, have swept our commerce
from the ocean. The whole debate on the projtt I
de hi shows it. Yet, sir, for this act we were ij
charged with having dodged the question. The ,
member of the other House who made this charge |
was, at the time a prominent candidate for the
vacant seat in the Senate from the State of Mas-
sachusetts.   The election was still pending there il
Senate.
when the charge Was made. In a few days after-
wdids(I refei to his speech of the 14th Fcbiuary,
1835, for the fact) the same member appealed
again in his place in the other House, and, by
way of some atonement for his own denunciation,
made an effort to dodge its effects upon himself,
by declaung that, had he not been stopped at the
time by the Speaker of the House for using dis-
respectful Hnginge of the Senate, he would have
recommended to the Reptcscntitnes of the nation
also to dotl^e the question
Sir, the ¡senate has been atrain attacked for the
same vote, and from the same quartei Not sat-
isfied with his last year's exploits in the field
against us, which were entirely unprovoked by
us, but were passed over in pity to him and sin-
cere respect for the feelings of his foimer friends,
the same individual has introduced into another
body tt íesolution to furnish him with a standing
theme of declamation agimst us, and in a public
newspaper has now assailed the very resolution
in reference to which he, last year, on the 14th
of February, declaied, in a public speech in the
other House, that " he thought that the Senate
had acted as it was theirduty todo, and the con-
clusion to which they had unanimously arrived
was the conclusion which he should have been
desirous that the House should adopt " Sir, is
it not astonishing that this very same gentleman
should, but the other day, have published of this
same resolution, that it was "a resolution not
only declining to do that which the President had
recommended, to vindicate the rights and the
honoi of the nation, but positively determining
to do nothivg; not even to express a sense of
the wrongs which our country was enduring from
France," that " no trace was to be found upon
the Journals of the Senate of the last session of
Congress of sensibility to the wrongs which our
country was enduring fiom France, and if upon
those Journals such a trace could be found, it
must be to clearer and more searching eyes than
his," that the simple vote of the other House,
that the treaty should be maintained, and its ex-
ecution insisted on, and which, he says, was
moved by him, was " not only a departure fiom
the do-nothing policy of the Senate, but might be
felt to contain a pungent though tacit rebuke upon
that paralytic policy," that, had the Senate con-
curred in the three million appropriation, " that
vote would have made the Senate the unwilling
accessory to implied censure upon its own quietism
under foreign wrong " Yes, sn ; these and other
like phrases, accompanied by charges of " over-
bearing arrogance," have been within a few days
fulminated against that very Senate by the ident-
ical individual who last year proclaimed the very
vote he now censures as that which, of all others,
he would have recommended the House of Repre-
sentatives to adopt This second assault upon
that Senate {a majority of which was composed
of his friends when a majority of the people had
driven him from power) is foiled and made power-
less by the rashness and folly of its author. It
falls on all parties, and alike, unfortunately for
the real object of the individual who made it. Its
effect is to insult even the most violent of the hot
and high toned advocates of Executive power,
though its only design was to strike down the
powerless but inflexible opponents to Executive
encroachment in this body I was pleased to be
able to say to the honorable members from Mis-
souri and Pennsylvania themselves, while I read
this passage—Stand up you who are so given to
accusation against others, and hear the indict-
ment against yourselves, for evincing, by your
vote for the Senate's resolution of the 14th of
January last, a want of due and patriotic sensi-
bility for the wrongs inflicted on your country
by France. Sir, those gentlemen would do well
to make some efforts to defend themselves against
the attacks of Others, before they commence any-
more assaults upon us; and this I will now en-
deavor to demonstrate to their satisfaction, better
than by reading extracts from the speeches of the
member of the other House, who has assailed
them in common with all the members of the last
Senate.
The principal attack on me and my political
friends here rests on the fact that we refused
to vote, on the last night of the last session,
for the following amendment, then proposed by
