TÍO
4-3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
principle which gave the fatal blow, and who is
he tint, thus l>t laving, would support that prop-
osition, btcui^e the gun* of the enemywere bat-
teiiii-i at the walls ot the Capitol'    Whue is the
COn iRD—W HtRE IS tHL   . RAITOR who WOUld not
rithtr see the Capitol than the Constitution of
his country m íuins, or who would lend himself
to tht. estab'ishment of a despotism among us,
with a view to save this building for the despot
to revel in' Sir, in the days when Themistocles
led the Athenians to victory at Salamis, he ad-
vised them to surrender their capítol for the pres-
ervation of the constitution of their country.
That gallant people lose under the impulse of
pitnot.Mii as one man, and, with a stern resolu-
tion to yield life itstif rather than abandon their
Jibertits, and surrender the proud privilege of
legislating for themselves to the delegate of a
Peisian despot, who offered them "all their own
dominions, togetherwith an accession of territory
ample as their wishes, upon the single condition
that they should receive law, and suffei him to
preside in Greece." At that eventful period of
their history, Crysilus alone proposed the sur-
render of their constitution to save the capítol;
and they stoned him to death. The public indigna-
tion was not yet satisfied, for the Athenian
matrons then rose, and inflicted the same pun-
ishment on his wife. Leaving then capítol, and
their noble city, rich as it was with the produc-
tions of every art, and glittering all over with the
proudest trophies and the most splendid temples
in the world, deserting, in the cause of free gov-
ernment, the very land that gave them birth, they
embarked on board their ships, and fought that
battle, the name of which has made the bosoms
of freemen to thrill with sympathy in all the ages
that have followed it, and shall cause the patriot's
heart to beat higher with emotion through count-
less ages to come.
I repeat, sir, what no man who knows the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has ever doubted, and
what no man who has a pioper respect for him-
self will ever question, that he was sincere in
declaring that he viewed the proposition under
debate as involving the surrender of the most
valuable trust reposed in us by the Constitution
to a single man, and as one which, while it dele-
gates the legislative power to the Executive, estab-
lishes a precedent to prostrate the Constitution
forever. Then tell me what should be the fate
of that man (if such a man be found) who, having
owed his elevation to the highest office in the world
to that gentleman and his filends, and having
been sustained in the administration of it by the
exertion of all the powers of that giant intellect
which is now the pride of the Senate and the boast
of the country, could, withoutother provocation,
have published that such a friend, after giving
utterance to such a sentiment as he did in debate
here, would find it a very natural and easy step
to turn traitor to his country by joining with her
enemies in war' Sir, all good men will say that
the convincing argument which could have in-
duced from such a quaitersuch a remark, the
author of that comment will find, not in the obser-
vation he has condemned, but in his own heart;
and those who are acquainted with past events
will add that it has proceeded fiom one who has
habitually found it a very " natuial and an easy
step" to turn traitor to his fuends. Such aman
should never be suffered by honorable men to
stand in any party again; for this unprovoked
denunciation proves that its author will be false
to all parties, and true to no friend. I will do
those in power the justice to say that I do not
believe they have ever invited his embraces, or
proffered him any office, however that may be
the true object foi which he has thus shamefully
denounced his fuend and abandoned his paity.
No, sir, if he be a political traitor, they
'• Gave him no instance whv lie should do treason,
Unless to dub him with the name of traitor "
[Mr. C. was here called to Older by the Chair, I
(Mr. King,) on the giound that it was not allow-
able by the rules to reply to what had been said
in the other House at this session.
Mr. C. said that he had not named any man
in the other House as the author of the remarks
which had just been the subject of his comment;
and that, by making observations on what had
appeared in a newspaper, he had only followed
an example which had been lately set by a mem-
ber of that House.]
Mr. C. continued. Sir, I will not follow that
example, after the Chair has reminded me that
it would be improper to puisue it further; and I
willingly dismiss the disgusting specimen of
human ingratitude which gave occasion for my
remarks, without further consideration.
Having now, sir, disposed1 of so much of the
subject as relates to the constitutional question
involved in the " three million amendment," I
take issue with the gentlemen who have sought
to prove that the Senate caused the loss of the for-
tification bill, on two remaining points.
First, then, 1 say that the loss of this amend-
ment, in the form m which it was presented, does
by no means prove that even an extra grant of
three miíiions would have been íefused, had it
been offered for specific purposes of defense, in-
volving no constitutional question, and accompa-
nied with a request fiom the Piesident, who was
bound, by his oath under the Constitution, to
ask if it was necessary. On the contrary, sir, I
have not the slightest doubt that, had the Presi-
dent asked for three millions for defense, alleging
that it was necessary in his opinion, and request-
ing the passage of a law in the usual form of" spe-
cific appiopnations, of the propriety of which the
Senate could have judged, it would have had the
vote of a majority of the Senate. If, however,
the Piesident had asked the three millions forthe
purpose of adopting any measures which must
nececsanly have produced a war with France, I
have as little doubt that the Senate would have
íefused it.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania says, (as
one speaking by authority,) that the Piesident
never asked any member of Congress to move
this proposition. We learn from a debate in an-
othei place, that the Executive did desire it to be
made at the time, but also desired that tht. fact
should not be made known.* Information of the
President's wishes, or of the views of any De-
partment, ought not to be communicated in mid-
night whispers to a chosen few; all are equally
entitled to know the Executive recommendation.
In the second place, I deny that it by any means
follows, although gentlemen have alleged it, that
the loss of the whole bill providing for fortifica-
tions and defense, was necessanly caused by the
failure of the proposed amendment. The agreed
facts aie, that, after we had rejected it, a commit-
tee of conference was appointed by both Houses;
that this committee met, and readily agreed to a
substitute for the los* amendment, consisting of
two specific appropnations for defense, together
amounting to $800,000, that they parted with a
perfect understanding that this was all that was
necessaiy, that the Senate's committee íeported
accordingly; and that the Senate was perfectly
prepaied to adopt the recommendation of the com-
mittee, and anxious thus to secure the passage
of the bill, that, after waiting here a long time for
the action of the other House, which had the bill
in its possession, the Senate sent a message
" respectfully to remind" the House of this bill,
which had not been acted on, and continued to
wait heie until it was perfectly certain that the
other House had utterly íefused to take up the
bill again, or transact any other business. Sir,
the bill fell (and I say it was notorious at the time
that it fell) because the committee of conference
on the part of the House refused to report the
amendments which 'they themselves had agreed
upon in committee, until the lateness of the hour
furnished them with the miserable excuse for
their conduct which the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Grundy] and a very few others still venture
to maintain as sufficient. I refer to the pretext
that it was midnight; at which witching hour, as
these gentlemen now contend, Congress was dis-
solved, and the session had expired.
But the fact is conclusively established by the
statement of the honorable gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hubbard] himself, who was one
of the conferees on the part of the House, and
one of the friends of the Administration, that,
when the confuees separated, it was not twtlve
* See the speech of Mr. Wise, of Virginia, on this sub-
ject
o'clock, and there was time to pass the bill before
that hour had the House been so disposed Sir,
he says he knows this fact; for, at the time, he
looked at his watch. Our confeieesreturned heie
a considerable time before midnight. The íecol-
lection of the honoiable gentleman fiom Virginia,
[Mr. Leigh,] who also looked at his watch, is,
that when they returned it was not eleven o'clock
This pretext, set up as an excuse for the conduct
of the other House, is thus proved, by men of
all parties, to be untiue in point of fact, and the
result of an entne misrecollection. But suppose
it was twelve o'clock at night when the conferees
agreed; was it ever before, in the history of this
Government, pretended by either House that a
bill could not be passed after midnight of the last
day' You know well that, since we have seived
together in the Senate, the President has signed
many bills after midnight which were passed after
midnight. At the end of the very first Congress
after he came into power, he was up until long
after that hour, and the Senate and House both
closed their labors about the rising of the sun on
the ensuing day, being constantly engaged through
the whole night in the passage of bills, which
weie signed without objection, that we ever heard
of. Such, all agree, has been the practice of the
Government from the earliest period. You and
I remember, sir, that on one occasion the Senate
met after sunnse on the 4th of March, transacted
executive business, and communicated with the
President in íegard to it. This practice is said
to be founded on the belief that the congressional
day commences and terminates at noon, instead
of midnight; that Congress never has convened
on the first day of any session before twelve at
noon; that, until that hour, no member takes his
oath, nor is either House organized; and that
the pay of every member must commence only
with his qualification and his labois. I presume
there was not a member of either House who re-
fused to accept his full compensation for the last
day of last session, on the ground that he did
not serve after midnight, or was functus officio
when the clock told that hour. If the doctrine
of the gentleman from Tennessee be correct, how
did it happen that he took full pay, as for the
whole of that last day, although he could only
act for the half of it? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania repudiates this whole doctrine, and says
he has never had, and never shall have, any diffi-
culty in doing his duty after midnight. The party
generally appeal s to be ashamed of this pietext.
And how has the conscience of the gentleman
from Tennessee himself rested under fifty votes
which he has probably given aftermidnight, with-
in my knowledge ' He now contends that he was
functus officio on all those occasions, and had no
right to vote. " If," says he " the congressional
day does not terminate at twelve at night, why is
it so common to set the clock back'*" I answer,
because we have always had two or three tender
consciences like his own to deal with, and so long
as these gentlemen could see the clock stood still,
they said they were not bound to look at their
watches. They went by "Capitol time," and
havingexamined the constitutional question, how
long they wei e bound to stay at work for a whole
day's pay, some of them would leave us on
a scruple of conscience when our clock struck
twelve, but I never heard that one of them gave
up any part of the pay.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania, with a view
to make up the issue in such a shape as would
put the Senate on trial with best advantage to
himself announced that the true question, for dis-
cussion was—who is blamable for the present
defenseless condition of the sea-board' Sir, I
shall not avoid the examination of that question.
It presents no difficulty. As to the fact, upon
which he dwelt so earnestly, thatit is defenseless,
he has already seen that I concur with him and
others who have proclaimed its defenseless con-
dition. He may add as much more coloring to
that picture of the danger arising from this neg-
lect as his imagination can supply him with, and
I shall not seek to deface or obscure it. He may
ring it again and again in the ears of the people,
that, in the event of a rupture with a foieign
country, oui cities would be sacked, our coast
pillagtd, a*nd oui people butcheied. The more
he magnifies the danger, the greater will be the
