744
24th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
[June 23,
Ho. of Reps.
tone was just u hnt we should have expected after |
tin. public ition ot Mr. Livingston's letters, giving
n-suraiieis that the act of indemnity would pass
1 know that a great itloit was made in the other
1 louse for a few days tosrt t up an excitement; there
was mm.h debate there about our relations with
Fi nice, and the ie ult of it all was that the pie-
cious hours which remained of the session, and
■which ought to ha\e been devoted to the real busi-
ness of the people then pressing that House, were
consumed in a tedious discussion, which resulted
in a vote that the treaty ought to be maintained,
and its execution insisted on—the mere echo of
the sentiment in the unanimous report of our
Committee on Foreien Relations, made six weeks
before Mostof the highly important bills w Inch
had passu! the Senate were thus utteily neglected
by that Hou&e; and, in addition to the bill to
regulate the public deposits, and the otheis men-
tioned by the Senator from Massachusetts, was
one of far more importance to the peace of the
country—I mean, sir, the bill to settle and estab-
lish the northern boundary of the State of Ohio.
That bill had twice passed the Senate, and on
both occasions, under some pretext, or for some
reason, no test vote could ever be obtained to as-
ceitain the sense of the other House upon it.
Le.;>t year it was talked down by the discussion
about the French treaty, and the result was that
we have been nearly involved in a civil war, on
account of the unsettled claims of Michigan and
Ohio. That single bill was worth more to the
peace and happiness of that countiy than all the
discussions and resolutions of the other House in
regard to France. Sir, it would be no difficult
matter to run up a catalogue of similar injuries
to the public business; but I forbear. My only
object in noting these things at all is to show the
honorable gentlemen who have unjustly assailed
the Senate for the loss of a single bill, how easy
it would be for one who felt an appetency for
such an undertaking, to carry the war into their
own ranks with success, on account of their neg-
lect of bills vastly more important to the public
interest. Sir, I take no pleasure in such attacks,
and I leave them to others.
What may have been the motive for this lll-
timed and unprovoked assault upon the last Sen-
ate, by certain members of the present, the world
will judge. When the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, who occupies a seat nearest to the
Chair, [Mi. White,] addressed you in vindica-
tion of his own vote, given against the amendment
for three millions, some thoughts, I do confess,
occurred, which led me to form my own conclu-
sions as to the real object of this war upon that
vote. That honorable gentleman said that he
craved a severance on the trial under the indict-
ment preferred against the majority of the Senate,
and pleaded his acquittal by the Legislature of
Tennessee, which had unanimously reelected him
since he gave that vote. Sir, it may be that, if
he were not joined in the bill of indictment, others
here would hardly have been put on their trial.
It may be considered necessary to make the most
of this, the only offense which he has committed
against the Administration; but I can hardly yet
believe that, even among his old political friends, i
he need apprehend a condemnation for that vote,
should he go to trial with the rest of us before the
country under the general issue. The difference
in the votes of the honorable Senators fiom Ten-
nessee, [Mr. White and Mr. Grundy,] on the
amendment to the fortification bill, has called up i
some reminiscences of bygone events, exhibiting
some other differences between them. When I
first came into Congress, they were both consid-
ered so true to the Administration, and so effect-
ive in its aid, that, out of sheer compliment among
their friends here, they were called "Jackson's
Tennessee rifles." They both proved true for a
time, and told, with unerring certainty, in every
conflict with those who opposed the Executive.
But, although both were called good rifles, there
was an allowed difference between them. One
missed the mark altogether, during that famous
contest which was carried on hereabout the time
of Mr. Foot's resolutions. It was believed to
have been near bursting, in consequence of being
overcharged with nullification powder. There was
aisqanotherfailure. This same rifle was assigned
to the defense of the Post Oflice, and was charged
to the muzzle for keeping and maintaining that
position; but the post was cairud by its assail-
ants, and the defense was censured by those who
directed it, because the enemy entered in despite
of the garrison, and exposed most piratical depre-
dations which had been committed on the people.
For my own part, I have always inclined to at-
tribute this failure to the indefensible condition
of that post. But [pointing to the seat of Mr
White] the old Tennessee rifle which has stood
against that desk ever since 1 first knew it, was a
rare piece, and always has attracted my especial
admiration, although, fighting on the othtr side,
Ine\erhketo see it come into action. For six
years, although it was almost every day engaged,
it never snapped, missed, or hung fire; nor was
it ever said to have failed to hit the mark, until
about midnight of the 3d of March last. The
people of Tennessee, who are said to be excellent
judges of a good shotoi a gallant blow, have since
decided that this was a most "palpable hit," and
that however others, who are ignorant of the
qualities of a first rate weapon, may have fool-
ishly dtsired to break the old rifle of the West,
they still hold it entitled to the first rank when
employed foi their defense, and will never con-
sent that it shall either be injured by abuse, or
left out of service. Even those who have con-
demned it because, as they think, it has once
missed the mark, may relent, when they reflect
that it has been clearly shown in this debate, that
on the occasion alluded to, the President himself
did neither charge it nor pull the trigger.
Sir, jesting apart, I ask why was it that the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Grundy,] with
others here, who now portray in such vivid colors
the dangers arising out of the loss of their favorite
amendment, did not exhibit some signs of life at
the time the extra appiopnation for specific pui-
poses of defense, amounting to five hundied thou-
sand dollars, was lost here on the 21th of February
last > That amendment was, as I have on a former
occasion stated, first moved by vie in the Commit-
tee on Militaiy Affairs, in the shape of a propo-
sition to instruct the chairman of that committee,
[Mr. Benton ] It was made, as I have stated, in
advance of any similai suggestion from any other
quarter. After it was made, the chairman called
on the Department of War for an opinion in re-
gard to it, and it was approved by the proper
officer, as appears by the report of the committee.
It was íeported, as I have once before stated, in
connection with another amendment to the bill
providing for fortifications, which was also first
moved by me in committee, to double the appro-
priation proposed by the other House for rebuild-
ing Fort Delaware. The latter amendment was
first taken up by the Senate in Committee of the
Whole, on the 24th of February, 1835, and de-
bated until the day was nearly spent. No man
raised his voice with mine for this except the
chairman, to whom, for his assistance in the de-
bate, I tender, not only for myself, but for the
people whose interests I represent, my respect-
ful thanks. After a protracted discussion we
carripd this amendment, and then the chairman
made the motion for the large extra appropriation
for defense which I had proposed. He waived
the motion at the request of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, [Mr.Webster,] on whose
suggestion the Senate took up another amend-
ment appropriating an additional $100,000 for
arming the fortifications, which had been moved
by the Military Committee. This last amend-
ment was adopted; and then the chairman of
"the Military Affairs" [Mr. Benton] renewed
the motion for the half million appropriation. It
had my vote, but it fell without a whisper from
any man in its favor except the chairman and
myself; and I repeat my conviction that it was
lost in a thin Senate, at a late hour of the day, in
consequence of another suggestion from thechair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that a similar
proposition was pending before that committee,
and would probably be substituted for it.
Sir, I find, by examination of the minutes, that
the Committee on Finance never did actually pro-
pose any substitute for it. But it is true that the
Senate's committee of conference on the fortifica-
tion bill, two thirds of whose members were also
membersof the Committee on Finance,and having
the same chairman, [Mr. Websteb,] reported a
substitute for it in the extia $800,000 for defense,
which was lost, as has been seen, by the neglect
of the committee of the other House to repou it,
after it had been fully agieed upon in the confei-
ence. And now, sir, having betn an eye-witness
to all that occurred in this Chamber in íeference
to these matters during the last session, peimit
me to bear my testimony to the strict fidelity, the
untiring vigilance, and patriotic course of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, who pre-
sided at that session over our Committee on
Finance There was not a man within these
walls who was more devoted to the defense of
his country, or whose efforts exceeded his, when
they could be exerted in that cause consistently
with his ether constitutional obligations. I do
not feel, however, that his conduct needs vindi-
cation from me or any other, for, although the
tiansient spirit of party may have sought to
obscure his exalted character in the eyes of those
who are easily led by misrepresentation into
error, honoiable fame has already encircled his
temples with a wreath of unfading veidure, and
impartial history shall hereafter emphatically
designate him amidst all the compatriots of his
day as the able, the eloquent, the fearless cham-
pion and defender of his country's Constitution.
Sir, I have done. Permit me only to make the
motion which I have advocated, to stnke the word
" surplus" out of the resolution, so as to pledge
the whole revenue of the country for its defense,
if rendered necessary by any exigency, and to
express the earnest hope that the íesolution,
when thus amended, may receive the unanimous
vote of the Senate.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
June 23,1836.
The House having resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the ttate of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln in the
chair ) on the bill making appionriations for certain Harbors
for the year 1838—
Mr. BELL said:
Mr. Chairma\ : I look upon the present bill as
the result of that disposition, or rather determ-
ination, which has been mantft'sted throughout
the session, to bring the wants of the Government
up to the increased revenue of the country, in-
stead of keeping the public revenue down to the
actual demands of the public service, which has
always heretofore been íegarded as the true pol-
icy of the country. It is because I regaid this
bill as an emanation ot this new system of policy,
chiefly, that I oppose it. The bill provides for
the improvement of a great number of harbois
and inlets upon our lake and sea-coast, which
have heretofore escaped the notice of the Gov-
ernment, although improvements of this nature
have, for many years past, been patronized by
Congress. I take it for granted that the several
items or objects contained in the bill stand upon
equal grounds, so far as regards their impoitance,
and the expediency of making the appropriations
demanded for them. It will, therefore, follow
that one part of the bill might as well receive the
support of Congress as the other; and those who>
are opposed to it will act more wisely by making
opposition to the principle and policy of the meas-
ure as a whole; it will also save time if the strength
of the bill can be tested at the outset. If a ma-
jority of members shall be in favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill, then it may be passed without
further delay. To effect this object, and to en-
able me to take that view of the subject which I
desire, I move you, sir, that the enacting clause
of the bill be stricken out.
After the question was stated from the chair—
Mr. BELL proceeded. I did not think it worth
while, Mr. Chairman, to oppose what maybe
called the old harbor bill, because the public
works provided form it are already commenced,
and have been in progress for a series of years,
under annual appropriations for their completion;
but a hope may be entertained that opposition
will not be altogether unsuccessful to this bill,
