1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
after the experience we have had in relation to
the old one. 11 is the nature of these works never
to be completed. Most of the woiks in the bill
which has this momtni passed the committee are
lery old acquaintances of the old members of this
House 1 lemember most of them as far back
as the first session I had the honor of a seat in
this body For several years, many of them
were reoorted as only requiring one more appro-
priation to complete them. When the officers
who had charge of them became ashamed of re-
peated impositions of this kind, the language in
which the appropuating clause ran was changed;
and works that seemed upon the point of com-
pletion eisht years ago, now require thousands
annually tor their permanent construction and
preservation1 It is notorious that many of the
old works of the kind enumerated in this bill
fell into decay before they became useful to any
extent; and the first improvements, made at great
expense, were either abandoned as useless, or
became dilapidated, and required reconstruction.
All those harbors may be regaided as bottomless
pits of the Treasury. You may expend tens of
millions upon them, and still as many will be re-
quired; and then no man can see any termination
to the demand for further appropriations. Sir,
the present bill, although large in amount, would
be no cause of alarm to me, if the expéndame
now proposed were all that would be required;
if, sir, I could foresee that, at the end of five, or
even of ten years, there would be an end to fur-
ther demands, 1 would be less concerned. But,
sir, we know from expenence that, whatever
may be the original estimates of the cost of these
works, the actual expenditure is never limited
by them. There is not one of the old works, I
venture to say, which has not already had ex-
pended upon it fifty ora hundred percent, beyond
the original estimate. It may, then, be taken for
granted thut each of these new works, like the
old ones, will be perpetual drains upon the Treas-
ury, not only in our times, but in the generations
that are tocóme; for there is no limit to inven-
tion in this business of making artificial haibois.
I do not say that, in all cases, these expenditures
will be useless. No, sir, money can accomplish
anything in the way of improvement. Harbors
may be constructed by skill and capital, where
nature seems to have forbidden the undertaking.
It is only questionable whether, when we have
so many fine harbors on the coast, constructed
by the great Maker of all things, it is wise to
drain the pockets of the people, and absorb the
Treasury, in adding to their number. Let us
look at the progress of this branch of the system
of internal improvement, in the amount of ex-
penditure. In the year 1835 the entire amount
appropriated to these objects was §505,057. The
bill winch has alieady received the sanction of
this committee provides an expenditure for the
present year of nearly $700,000—[a member said
$800,000,] agentleman near me states the amount
at |800,000. The bill under consideration pro-
poses to apply #927,264 to new works, making
an aggregate of upwards of $1,700,000—more
than three times the amount of any former year!
What amendments may yet be made to this bill
1 cannot foresee; but there is little hope that the
amount will be reduced, unless the entire bill
shall fail. Well, sir, do honorable members see
nothing alarming in this ? Is there no evidence
hereof that disposition, or rather that determina-
tion, to extravagance which I have charged' If
this bill shall pass the present Congress, it will
of itself lead to an expenditure of ten millions.
Yes, sir, when ten millions have already been
expended, in looking forward we might be
cheered with the expectation that yet another ten
would close up this gulf of the Treasury.
I have said that I regarded this bill as the result
of a deliberate system of extravagance—of a plan
for increasing the wants of the Government, and
of exhausting the Treasury. Was I not right in
this assertion ? Look at your increased expend-
itures in every branch of the public service. But,
sir, why descend into particulars ? I affirm that
your Committee of Ways and Means of this
House was organized upon a principle of extrav-
agance. Look at the composition of that com-
mittee, sir, and then tell me if it was not consti-
tuted wi.h deep design, and expressly with a view
to the largest expenditure for which a pretext
could be found, in every branch of the public ser-
vice. Was there ever such a Committee of Ways
and Means appointed in this House ' Was there
ever a more palpable desertion of the principle of
representation—a more shameful abandonment of
the interests of the entire interior of the country '
Who are the members of this committee > At
the head of the list we find the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] representing the
largest city in the Union, deeply interested in the
largest expenditures upon the Navy, upon forti-
fications, and public works of every descnption.
Next we find the gentleman from Baltimore, [Mr.
McKim,] the representative of similar interests,
and nearly to as great an extent. Next we have
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Loyall,] who
represents the Norfolk, or rather the Gosport dis-
trict, in which, besides a navy-yaid, which may
be made to exhaust any amount of money, has
within its limits two fortifications, which have
already cost the Government nearly $3,000,000,
but are worth—really worth—scarcely one cent
in the way of protection; yet they aie annually
the objects of large appropriations. We next
pass to the distinguished gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Smith;] I say distinguished, because he is
distinguished as a gentleman of business habits
and intelligence, as a member of this House.
This gentleman represents a sea-port also, (Port-
land,) upon a coast of numerous harbors and in-
lets, all of which could be greatly improved by
money, and all of which might plausibly demand
to be fortified. We next ainve at my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Lawrence,] who represents
Boston, a place deeply interested in laige expend-
itures upon the Navy and fortifications. The next
on the list is the learned gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ingersoll ] He, too, like the five
already noticed, represents a large commercial
city, having ail the interests, to a great extent,
that the others have, in large expenditures. Last
on the list is the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Owens.] He also representa a large and import-
ant commercial city, (Savannah,) and, like the
rest, having a deep interest in large expenditures.
Well, sir, to represent the interests of the inte-
rior, and of economy, we have two gentlemen,
one from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] and one from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] two against seven!
Seven members of the committee representing
districts on the sea-board ! I wish every one to
draw his own conclusions, but I have seen enough
in the action of this House, in the course of the
session, to corroborate the inference I have drawn
from the peculiar organization of this committee!
I must not be understood to impute either a want
of integrity or patriotism to the members of this
committee. I respect all the gentlemen whom I
have described as the representatives of districts
on the sea-board. But they are bound, from the
very nature of our representative system, to have
opinions in common with their constituents, espe-
cially upon this subject of expenditures; and I
repeat, that this committee was organized upon a
pi inciple of increased and extravagant expendi-
ture.
It would seem that this bill is intended to lay
the foundation of a permanent system of expend-
itures of this nature. The preamble alarms me.
It is new to me. The annunciation of purpose is
imposing and high-sounding, and denotes design
—" to provide for the protection of the commerce
and navigation of the United States." The pro-
tection of the commerce of the United States!
Would not that grand object embrace improve-
ments in the interior as well as upon the exterior
boundary of the country' This Government is
authorized by the Constitution to extend the same
degree of protection to the inland commerce that
it may to foreign trade. The power in the one
case is conveyed in the same language that is
used in the other; yet all the improvements pro-
posed by this bill are upon the exterior boundary
of the Union. I know it may be said that im-
provements of the interior channels of communi-
cation and trade may be properly included in a
distinct bill. That is true, and such has been the
practice, to some extent. But to what will this
lead in the end? Without doubt, to a perpetual
struggle between the States of the interior and the
States upon the lake and sea-coast, for an equality
of benefits—of expenditures that would exhaust
the revenues of any country.
But in connection with this view of the sub-
ject, consider for a moment the monstrous—I will
not say intolerable—inequality of this system of
improvement; for, if I were compelled to the act, I
might submit to much greater, rather than break
tip this Union. But is it fair, isit just, necessary,
or reasonable that this inequality shall exist?
Some of the large States in these bills receive
$50,000, some others $100,000, and one large State
(.New York) will receive upwards of $200,000
this year, to be expended within its limits, and
upon objects calculated to increase its relative
advantages o\er the other States of the Union,
while other States do not receive one cent; and
this inequality is to be established forever' It
cannot be. The States of the interior must look
to then interest; they will look to their interests
if this system goes on, to what ever extreme it
may lead. My fuend from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
said, on yesterday, that there will be no more
appropriations for these improvements; that there
will be an end of all such woiks now, since we
passed the deposit bill. Well, sir, ought this re-
sult to be lamented if it shall turn out to be one
of the effects of that bill, which is practically a
bill for the distribution of the surplus of the Treas-
ury ' Ought the passage of that bill to be depre-
cated, because it may terminate a system of im-
provement, which from the relative locality of
the States, must, after all, be unequal and produc-
tive of great discontent, and the most wasteful
expenditure of the public treasure ' Sir, if that
bill shall effect no other good but this, it will well
deserve the support and approbation of the pub-
lic. The States, having the means, will be much
better judges of the importance of improvements
within their limits; and they will be generally
more econominal and judicious in the manage-
ment of them than this Government can be. Each
one will expend no more than Us due propoition,
and none will have cause to complain. We shall
at the same time escape the disgraceful combina-
tions by which these bills effect their passage
through this House. My friend from Virginia
also thinks that another effect of the distribution
of the surplus will be to revive and uphold the
American system, to increase the tariff, and to
sustain an extensive system of improvements by
the States. The gentleman must have forgotten
that the feature in the system to which he alludes
—I mean the American system,which was thought
to be most dangerous, and promised to be most
effective in giving it permanency—was the ine-
quality of the distribution of the revenue pro-
duced by a high tariff. The States of the North-
west, which were new and susceptible of improve-
ment to any extent, were expected to combine
with the manufacturing States, and secure to
themselves all, or nearly all, the benefits of the
united interests of the system. The States of the
West were to have the money expended within
their limits, which was paid into the Treasury by
the people of all the States; and in this result the
South was expected to continue to pay, while
others received as well as paid. It was the in-
equality of the benefits which was expected to
give permanence to the system. Where all re-
ceive in an equal degree there is a community of
interest in opposing unjust and unreasonable tax-
ation. My friend also contends that the practice
of distribution will cripple the operations of this
Government; that it will be stripped to the bare
poles. The argument is that the avarice of the
States, and the desire to increase the funds at
their disposal, will prevent the necessary appro-
priations for the support of the General Govern-
ment. Not so, sir. If it be true that the States
shall feel a deep interest in a system of distribu-
tion, in order to effect these great purposes of
education and improvement, the first duties of the
local government, it argues but little foresight or
wisdom in them to suppose that they would con-
sent to weaken this Government in any of its
essential powers. To enable the Federal Govern-
ment to raise a large revenue from the customs,
or to enable it to preserve and husband the pub-
lic lands as a source of revenue, all its necessary
powers must be maintained in due vigor, and this
the States will be ready enough toconcede. We
must have a sufficient Army and Navy, and our
