746
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
civil establishment is never likely to be too small !
for the service.                                                         >
My friend also laid down another proposition,
in which, I think, he was mistaken. He remarked,
in relation to the abuses growing out of the con-
dition of the Treasury, and to the remedy that
had been provided for them by the bill for dis-
tributing the surplus, that they w^rc both evils;
and the difference between them was, that the
one mi?ht be reduced to a system, and the other
never could. The experience of al I Go vernmen ts—
the history of the world is against the correctness
of this conclusion. A Government never goes
backward in expenditures and extravagance.
Great and expensive establishments are never
reduced under any Government,' except some-
times at the close of a war a military establish-
ment may be reduced; but, sir, as a general
principle, the progress of expenditure and pro-
fusion in any Government is continued and for-
ward, and revolution alone can terminate it.
Mr. WISE inquired if his friend from Tennes-
see understood him to advance a different propo-
sition.
Mr. BELL said he did.
Mr. WISE then explained, and stated that
his argument was that the present insecure and
anomalous condition of the public deposits could ']
not be reduced to a system.
Mr. BELL. I am glad to find that I did my
friend injustice in the inference 1 had drawn from
his remarks, but I must take leave to say that I
think the greater evil to be remedied—much the .
greater calamity which threatened to befall the
country by reason of the existing state of the
public Treasury, was an increased number of
public officers — increased naval and military
establishments—an undue increase of Govern-
ment patronage—and a profuse and profligate
waste of the public treasure in every department
of the public service; this, sir, was the true dis- '
ease which called for a prompt and efficient cure.
I trust, and confidently believe, that the distribu-
tion of the existing surplus in the Treasury will
effect this great purpose. I shall be grievously
disappointed if we do not, in a very short time,
find the country roused to inquiry in regard to
the public expenditures, in such a manner as to
give increased efficiency to the Government by
salutary curtailments, while, at the same time,
the necessary supplies for the support of Govern-
ment will be liberally granted. I am surprised
to find that any gentleman who claims to belong
to the State-rights school should be opposed to
this measure of distribution. Why should they
be alarmed at the prospect of adding strength and
importance to the States ? To do this has, here-
tofore, been the great aim and the object of most
solicitude to the State-rights party. How to
reduce the power of the Federal Government has,
heretofore, been the great desideratum with that
party. It sounds strange to my ears to hear
objections from that quarter to the late decisive
measure of this House in relation to the surplus.
But, sir, I must again revert to what I consider
the first and chief good which we may hope will
grow out of this measure—the reduction and lim-
itation of the expenditures and patronage of this
Government. We have had some experience al-
ready of the disastrous, the ruinous consequences
of an overflowing Treasury. Look at your more
than doubled appropriations for the present year;
your Indian wars, and the enormous expenditures
required to carry them on ! If the late measure
shall have all the effect which I anticipate from
it, we shall soon see a spirit of inquiry into every
abuse of tbeGovernment spreading itself over the
country. The true measure of supply for the
support of Government, and the various public
establishments will be estimated. The utility of
the public works proposed to be constructed will
receive its due share of attention, and no longer
be regarded as subordinate to the mere object of
expenditure. We shall no longer be carelessly
and recklessly exposed to the hazard of foreign
war, nor to savage massacre in multiplied Indian
hostilities, because our resources are felt to be
ample for any emergency, and our Treasury is
known to be redundant. Sir, I repeat the idea,
that our Indian wars have resulted from a sense
of the vast powers and resources of this Govern-
ment and the abuse of its patronage.   While an
indifference and even contempt of an Indian war
continue to be felt by the Government, neither the
vigilance, nor precaution, nor the energy neces-
sary to prevent hostilities, will beapplied.   Sir, is
it not true that Indian wars have been raging within |
the last six months, which have cost the lives of i
hundreds of ourcitizens,and will cost the Govern- (
ment more than ten millions of money, and which
have never yet been thought worthy of a commu-
nication to Congress by the President?   Sir, I
congratulate the country that we may look for-
ward with confidence to the time when there will
be some responsibility felt by our public servants,
and some accountability exacted from them by
the people.
TI¡? passage of the bill for the distribution of
the surplus revenue among the States has been
attributed to various causes of a political nature.
The true cause of the great and unexpected favor
which that bill found in this House is to be found
in the unexampled spirit of extravagance mani-
fested, throughout the session, in the appropria-
tions and public expenditures of every kind.
Strange, therefore, and paradoxical as it may ap-
pear, the Committee of Ways and Means, or
rather the chairman of that committee, who has
repeatedly avowed himself against it, is yet, enti-
tled to the chief merit in passing it. This credit
he is justly entitled to, and the country will, no
doubt, duly appreciate his services.
We are now, Mr. Chairman, near the close of
a parliamentary year, one of the most eventful in
our history, and one that must be long felt and
remembered for good or for evil, in the further
progress of this Government. I wish I could
consume the time necessary to a review of all the
most remarkable measures and incidents which
have distinguished our proceedings during the
present session. Such a review from some one
more competent than myself would be a public
benefit. I cannot refrain from adverting for one
moment to the extraordinary disorder and con-
stant violation of all sound parliamentary rule
and practice which has prevailed throughout the ;
session. Every member must feel that the char-
acter of the House has been deeply affected by
those circumstances, in the opinion of the public.
Another session of equal length and disorder must
end in disorganization, or vest the entire actual
power of the Government in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive. If public respect and public confidence
shall be lost in the House of Representatives, we
shall no longer have it in our power to boast of
a free Government. I would not be understood
as charging all the disorders of the session to the
presiding officer of this House; he, it is true,
must come in for his share of responsibility; but
to the House itself must attach the greater re-
proach. It is the absence of a proper regard for
the propriety and the order of our proceedings in
the members of the House themselves, which
alone can account for those repeated scenes of
disorder, and the utter contempt for all the laws
established by long parliamentary practice, so
often manifested in the course of this session.
I do not wish to discriminate between parties
in these observations. It is a subject which ought
to be felt as far above party feeling and influence.
It concerns every patriot of every party to turn
his attention to the correction of the evil. I can-
not but remember, however, that during the whole
period of the session, there has been a labored
effort, through the columns of the Government
journal, (the Globe,) to identify me,humble as I
am, with all the disorders and abuses of the ses-
sion . I have been constantly held up to the pub-
lic as an agitator, a disorganizer, and one who
deliberately sought to thwart the business of the
House, and especially to embarrass the Speaker.
That there is great injustice in this charge, that
a more gross and unfounded calumny never was
propagated, I appeal to the impartial of all par-
ties in this House.
In a late number of the Globe, an article ap-
peared, headed " Confession of the Leader of the
White Party," and in the body of the article I
was represented as having stated in a speech,
that " the minority of the House were tyrannized
over, and they were naturally in a refractory,
restless, and perturbed condition; and, if they
could not be heard orderly, they would do so
disorderly."   The editor did me over honor in
assigning me the rank of leader of the White
party; but the injustice of the falsehood of the
charge i have stated was felt by every member
of tho House who heard my remarks in the de-
bate referred to in the Globe. It is true I stated
in that debate, that the minority were tyrannized
over in the House; that in the proceedings of a
former day they had been compelled to act—to
vote—and yet their lips were sealed, by the de-
cision of the Chair, against utterance of com-
plaint or explanation; that they had only desired
to state a fact, which had been misstated from
the chair, but that too was denied them; that to
add to the injustice and tyranny of the proceed-
ing, the Globe came out a morning or two after
with an article, in which the question was falsely
stated, and the most unworthy and disgraceful
motives ascribed to every individual, but one,
who voted in the minority. Itwas such injustice,
such tyranny as this, which I said naturally
tended to produce restlessness, and a violent tem-
per in the minority; and for this reason I invoked
a spirit of forbearance and moderation on the
part of the Chair, and the majority of the House,
towards the minority. But, sir, so far was I
from giving my countenance and support to the
course of the gentlemen who refused to vote when
their names were called upon the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pinck-
ney,] that I stated, explicitly and expressly, if
the House passed a vote not to excuse them, and
they should, in contempt of the authority of the
House, refuse to do so, I should feel myself
bound, in vindication of the necessary power of
the House, to vote theirexpulsion from this body,
as painful as it might be to my feelings on per-
sonal grounds.
In another and later article of the same journal,
the minority in the House are charged with
having resorted to " every expedient" to thwart
the public business; and I am specially referred
to as having contributed largely to this object. I
take this occasion to say, that every charge of
this nature is without the slightest foundation in
truth. It is due to myself that I should also avail
myself of this occasion to say, that, in regard to
the proposition to abolish slavery in this District,
and the abolition question generally, I differed
with many of my friends in this House, as they
very well know, as to the most judicious mode
of managing it. In all the discussions which
have taken place upon that subject, I have been
generally silent; and when I had occasion to take
some part in the incidental questions which have
grown out of it in the progress of the session, it
will be recollected by the members of the House
I sought to allay, rather than increase excite-
ment; though I could not agree with the moderate
party in all their views of that question, nor could
I vote with those who sought to suppress all dis-
cussion by a violation of the right of speech in
this House. As to the other expedients for ex-
hausting the time and thwarting the business of
the House, I affirm that, upon no occasion, and
in no instance, have 1 lent myself to any such
purpose. In the whole course of the session, I
do not remember that I have demanded the yeas
and nays but once; and that was upon the reso-
lution I offered changing the hour at which this
House should meet in the morning, from twelve
to eleven o'clock.
But, sir, the wide range of debate indulged in
by me, and the time I consumed in the discussion
of the naval appropriation bill, has been the pre-
text for the grossest misrepresentation. As hum-
ble an individual as I may be, it has been my
fortune within the last year or two to have been
the object of the most bitter and unqualified de-
nunciation and calumny by the leading journals
in the interest of the party in power. I have,
at the same time, been the object of unremitted
attack and denunciation by those who occupy the
highest stations in the Government. My support
of a distinguished Senator from Tennessee for
the Presidency has been ascribed to the most un-
worthy private motives; and every ground of
public principle or public interest, in justification,
has been denied. Sir, these attacks and these
misrepresentations have been continued up to this
day. It was natural that, upon the meeting of
Congress, I should seek the earliest opportunity
of giving an exposition of my course, and the
