1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
24th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
motives which led to it; or at least to show that
the filends of Judge White were at issue with
those of the Vice President (Mr. Van Buren) in
rcrard to principles of the highest grade and im-
portance Well, sir, I sat in mv scat from the
hist of the session, and waited patiently for an
occasion upon which 1 could properly, and with-
out seeming to trespass upon any rule of order
or propriety, make the remarks which my feel-
ings and judgment both dictated as proper I
had resolutions drawn up which embodied all the
propositions I wasdesnous of establishing; but,
sir, no privilege was allowed me of offering them
It is an extraordinary fact, and it is as unpiece-
dented as it is extraordinary, that no member,
from the first of the session to this day, hns been
at liberty to ofier a proposition of any kind to the
House, without the consent of two thirds of the
members. The appropriation bills came up in
January, but I declined going into an extended
discussion of them at that time, upon the ground,
as I then expresslyavowed, that! was unwilling
to delay the passage of the bills while there was
the remotest prospect of a war with Fiance. But
when the naval appropriation bill came up for
consideration, about the middle of March, and
after the cloud of war which had lowcied ¡bi a
season upon theeastern houzon had passed away,
I availed myself of an undoubted parhamentai y
privilege to discuss fully every question I thought
proper to bring to the notice ot the House, and
of the country. But this, again, became the
pretext for renewed attacks.
After having my lips sealed for four months by
the artful and arbitrary course of proceeding of
the House, when I at last seized a proper occa-
sion for the expression of my views, I was not
only assailed for this act in the most gross and
offensive manner by the official paper of this city,
but I was made the subject of íepeated attacks in
this House. A deliberate attempt was made to
insult me by a movement in the House at the
close of the discussion upon the naval bill, under
circumstances which left me no redress. Those
who advised and originated that movement did
not dare to show themselves, nor will they. For
that speech I have been a standing object of ref-
erence and insult by a member from New York,
[Mr Mann ] A member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Speight,] after having been absent a great
part of the session, signalized his return to his
duty heie by spying out the condition of the
House at one time when I was speaking, but not
supposing that he had sufficiently piopitiated
those who have the power and the will to reward
such services, by catering for the columns of the
Globe, he traveled out of his path upon another
occasion, with a view to furnish fresh matter of
comment upon the subject of my speech upon the
bill alluded to. 1 suppose the gentleman may now
feel sure of his aim.
But, sir, besides these instances of gross per-
sonal attack in this House, a number of gentle-
men followed me in the course of the discussion,
both upon the naval bill, and fortification bill
which succeeded it, many of whom grossly mis-
represented my arguments, and some of whom
assailed my motives; but, out of respect for the
wishesof the House,and toavoidanyjustground
to suppose that I desired to delay the business of
the House by repeated replies and interruptions,
1 have forborne to answer or notice what has been
said But we are now drawing near the close of
the session, and I appeal to the liberal and gen-
erous feelings of honorable members whether I
may not be permitted to reply to so many and
such, repeated attacks and misrepresentations.
[Cries of " Go on!"]
Against the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Garland,] who fallowed me in the debate already
alluded to, I hare no complaint to make, except
that in his speech, as it is printed, and no doubt
as it was spoken also, he has stated that eleven
members of the Tennessee delegation in Congress,
of which I was one, held a meeting, and that
" they intended to nominate and recommend a
candidate for the Presidency, and did so."
Mr. GARLAND said that he certainly did not
intend to misrepresent the motives or objects of
the meeting alluded to.
Mr. BELL.   I know the gentleman did not
intend any such thing,forhis liberality and cour-
tesy were too manifest throughout lus speech to
admit such an inference; but I wish now to cor-
rect the impression under which he made that
statement, by declaring that the Tennessee dele-
gation, at the meeting alluded to, neither intended,
nor did they nominate a candidate for the Presi-
dency—nor did they even recommend one to the
consideration of the people. The next gentleman
who did me the honor to notice my remarks was
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr Jarvis.] That
gentleman said, in alluding to me and my course
as a member of this House, " that having seen
in the public journals, during the last year, while
he was canvassing for reelection, the professions
of his attachment to the Administration, I was
not piepared for his opposition " The insinu-
ation is, that I obtained my seat here bypiofess-
lng an attachment to an Admimstiation which I
did not feel I deny that I have ever, upon any
occasion, or for any purpose, professed a greater
attachment to the Admimstiation than I have
manifested upon this floor, by anything I have
either said or done. I consider the man who could
practice such a deception upon the people, with
a view to a seat heie, as unworthy to occupy one.
But the charge insinuated against me is false in
every particular. I deny that the gentleman from
Maine saw in the public journals any professions
of attachment made by me, of the natuie he leaves
it to beinfencdhedid, during the last year. The
gentleman also significantly inquires, " Whence
the sudden flood of light which has gushed upon
his benighted eyeballs, disclosing deformity,
where all before was fair'" I answer the gen-
tleman, by affirming that the time never was
when I regarded all as either fair or defensible in
the conduct of this Administration, as he will
find by my votes on many questions, at an early
period of its existence. The gentleman does me
willful injustice in imputing to me general oppo-
sition to the Administration. There is no one
principle, nor any one measure of geneial poli-
cy, identified, in any manner with this Adminis-
tration, and which I have heretofore supported,
which I do not now support. But I am willing
to answer the gentleman with more candor upon
this point than he makes the charge. It is the
party association to which he belongs that I have
refused to support. It is the party which claims
tobe the Jackson party; and it is my opposition to
this party which has surnused the gentleman; and
if he would know why I will not cooperate with
them, I answer, because this party which now
claims to be the Republican paity, is no more
like the true old Republican party in the United
States, than the semblance is like the reality
A gentleman from New York [Mr Vander-
poel] next made some allusions to my course,
which require notice " In the tremendous con-
flict," said the gentleman, " of the panic session,
where was the eloquent and potential voice of the
gentleman who repiesented the Hermitage dis-
trict'" I was, he continued, "for all the pur-
poses of vindication, as mute as the grave, and
much to the wondeiment of many gentlemen "
If the gentleman had quoted more fully fiom the
columns of that journal from which he must have
imbibed the spirit of his remarks, he would have
furnished the solution of what he affects to con-
sider a mystery, as given by the editor, and he
might, with equal piopnety, have adopted the
entire slander. The gentleman speaks in perfect
consistency with the principles of his party, when
he makes the support and praise of General Jack-
son the true test of patriotism and merit upon
every question. But I am surprised that the
gentleman from New York should feel at any loss
in accounting for my course upon the removal of
the deposits, he ought to know that there were
sufficient reasons for my course in the character
of the measure. But, sir, lest he should be left
in ignorance, I will inform him that I happened
to know rather too much in relation to the objects
and means employed in bringing about that meas-
ure. I beg leave to say that 1 had no informa-
tion from any high official source, nor from any
other of which it is improper for me to speak;
but I did know quite too much about the necessity
which was supposed to exist for drawing a party
line, especially after the delivery of acertain speech
at Pittsburg * I happened to be too well informed
of the intrigues by which that measure was
biought about; and I am not sui prised that threo
of the gentlemen who had a leading influence in
the matter now fill three of the highest stations
under the Government. Will the gentleman be
satisfied with this answer'
I come now, sir, to notice the remarks of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Towns,] as I find
thtm in a printed speech, which has been very
widely cuculated. I must say that the gentleman
has suipiised me by the general tenor of that
part of his printed speech in which he professes
to reply to me I cannot conceive of any per-
sonal motive which the gentleman could be ac-
tuated by, and I am quite sure that no public
consideiation could have been so urgent as to call
fora representation of my couiseand my remarks
so entirely different from both. The gentleman
chaiges me, in pretty plain terms, with having
calumniated the majority of the House; and that
1 " make them moie servile, dishonoied, and dis-
placed than slaves " I deny that I have ever
imputed such qualities to the memberB of this
House. When I said that it the President had
willed that there should be war with France, war
we must have had, w hatev er might be the private
opinions of membeis, I did so in express lefer-
ence to party obligations, and to the nature of the
pledges under which the members of Congiess
were elected in these times of high party excite-
ment, and that was, unqualified support of Gen-
eial Jackson and his administration. I have the
happiness to know that, although I spoke with
the gieatest allowable fieedom, many of the most
respectable numbers of the majouty acknowl-
edged that I did not fail in the respect and cour-
tesy which are always due to this House and its
membeis. Sir, whatever I may have thought,
whatever I may now think, of individual mem-
bers of the majority, I am gratified to be able to
say that a large portion of them are very farfrom
deserving the character which I have been made
to give them But since the gentleman has be-
come the champion, and volunteered in defense
of the party to which he belongs against all
charges of a want of independence, I would like
to know how he has entitled himself to this pre-
eminence among his fellows' By what single
act of independence has he asserted his title to
the rank which he assumed > I know of none;
and, therefore, if I had actually made the charge
against him which he alleges 1 made against the
majority of the House, he would have had no
cause to complain. The gentleman remarks in
another part of his speech, in speaking of the
supporters of Judge White, that he has " never
yet heard an avowal of their creed " " 1 do not
know," he continues, " the principles they pro-
fess." I will let the gentleman into the light of
some of them before I sit down.
The gentleman from Georgia, in his printed
speech, represents that the distinction I had drawn
between a caucus and the meeting of the Tennes-
see delegation in December, 1834, was, " that
there was no legular notice given" of the latter;
that "there was no chairman, no secretary, no
record or minutes kept,"leaving it to be infcried
that a nomination of a candidate was both intended
and actually made. Reference is so often made
to this meeting, and so many misrepresentations
of the objects of it are abroad, that I will take
this occasion to state the leal object and character
of the meeting. I have already stated that no
nomination was made by that meeting, and I now
aver that it was the unanimous opinion of the
meeting that no nomination should be made.
Even the letter, addressed some days afterwards
by a portion of the delegation to Judge White,
was not resolved upon at that meeting. [Mr.
Standefer said it was not spoken of ] My col-
league reminds me that it was not spoken of at
the meeting. I now state, for the information of
all whom it may concern, that that meeting was
the result of the insinuations and afTected doubts
of a small number of the delegation, in relation
* I ought to have said, after the peace and hirmony of
the Union wis, preserved b> tlie compromise tariff bill, ,md
especially after the delivery of a certain speech at Pitts-
burg.
