748
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
24th Cong..  1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
to the course of some of their colleagues who '•
were more honest and candid than themselves.
The meeting was gotten ut>, in fact, though not
avowedly, to solve these doubts, and to test the
views of those whose sincerity had been ques-
tioned. Well, sir, the meeting took place, and
was attended by myself and all my colleagues,
except three of the House, and one of the Senate
who was expected to attend. In the meeting
there appeared to be no disguise or equivocation
on the part of those who had, without their
knowledge of the object, been brought there to
ascertain their real sentiments. They frankly,
and without hesitation, avowed their preference
for Judge White, and their determination to sup-
port him. The next day, to the astonishment of
every member of the delegation but themselves,
the two gentlemen, one a member of the House
and the other of the Senate, whose suggestions
had actually brought about the meeting, together
with another of their colleagues who attended
the meeting, openly changed their ground, after
having but the day before expressed an unquali-
fied intention to support Judge White; and two
of these gentlemen, [Messrs. Polk and Grundy,]
sir, are at this moment in the enjoyment of the
rewards of their hypocrisy and their treachery
to their colleagues.
The gentleman from Georgia, in another part
of his speech, makes the following statement and
reference to me:
'• Of all charges that have been made against the Presi-
dent, and the party in support of Ins Administration,whether
from false friends or opt  enemies, it has been reserved to
the gentleman from Tennessee to go to a full bar's length
beyond the limits of the most darins. and at one stroke of
the pencil to draw the tyrant, the usurper, the crouching
sycophant, and the degraded menial.-'
" Could that venerable' old man, under whose paternal
wing the member from Tennessee has no doubt often felt
his greatest security, utter one word of complnint for the
injustice done him, might be not, in the language of the
poet, exclaim—
" ' The arrow that deepest in my bosom went,
Flew from the bow pretended friendship bent.' "
Now, sir, all this is mere fancy work, and no
one fact, either openly stated or covertly insinu-
ated, in the remarks 1 have quoted from the gen-
tleman's speech, is founded in truth. The impu-
tation upon my course towards the President, I
regard as dishonorable in the last degree; and if
I felt myself capable of such baseness, I should
think myself unworthy of a seat in this House.
Whatever I may have thought, or however much
opposed to some of the measures and conduct of
General Jackson, I have always left it to bis ene-
mies to abuse him. Neither in my late speech, nor
upon any other occasion, have I said that he was
either a tyrant, a usurper, a crouching sycophant,
or a degraded slave. The crouching sycophant
or the degraded slave it is impossible that Gen-
eral Jackson should ever be. He may be the
master of slaves and menials, but nature has dis-
qualified him from becoming one himself. The
gentleman must have had some other person in
view when he drew the picture of the false, un-
grateful, and pretended friend; or he must have
derived his information in relation to my course
from some one who is utterly reckless of the
truth of what he stated. He doubtless had in his
mind some one of that throng who have been
blown into repute and place of late, only in con-
sequence of their unqualified, unscrupulous praise
of General Jackson. But, sir, great as General
Jackson is, eminent as he is in rank, in station,
and in tire public mind, he is still but a man; and
I have never yet bowed myself down below the
level of a man to win his favor, or that of any
other man. My services to him, too, have always
gone beyond my professions, both here and before
the people. I will also say to the gentleman, that
I never yet could bring myself to deal in eulogies
upon any man in power. The highest rewards
he could bestow I would regard as too small for
such service. The gentleman from Georgia could
not have been more unfortunate in the invention
of a charge to make against me than he has been
in representing me as receiving protection and se-
curity under the " paternal wing" of the Presi-
dent. Sir, I venerate the President for his years;
and the eminent service he has done his country
upon many occasions; yet I must say, in justice
to myself, that I never sought and never received
I protection or advancement from him. Though I
! would notvolunteerthe declaration, yet, since this
occasion is accidentally afforded me, I must say
further, that I feel a just pride, considering the
circumstances of my present position, in being
able to state that, in every contest in which I have
been concerned, whether before the people, or in
this House, I have ever found the President my
most powerful opponent.
Here, sir, I should close my remarks, but I
have promised that, before I sit down, I would
give some explanation of the grounds and prin-
ciples upon which those with whom I act in this
House, and out of it, have taken their course in
relation to the succession. I am also too deeply
persuaded that the crisis demands the fullest
development in the power of any and every
one to give of the dangers which at present beset
us.
If ever there was a time in the history of this
country which called—imperiously called—for
the discussion and settlement in this place, in this
Hall of the Representatives of the nation, of great
and fundamental principles—principles intimately
and indissolubly connected with the liberties and
happiness of this people, the stability and suc-
cessful action of our happy system of Govern-
ernment—itisat the present juncture. Precedents
and doctrines are being established and ingrafted,
not only in the public administration of the Gov-
ernment, but in the minds of the people—upon
public sentiment, subversive, in my judgment, of
the first and most cherished principles of our
Government; precedents and doctrines destruc-
tive of all the securities provided in the Constitu-
tion for the preservation of a free representative
Government; precedents and doctrines at war
with all that has heretofore been regarded as fun-
damental and organic in the very existence of a
free Government.
It is not only consolidation which is menaced,
but a consolidation which ought to be equally
odious to the Federalistand the Republican; a con-
solidation of the most offensive and revolting na-
ture to the feelings and judgment of every free-
man, who is not already become callous to every
sentiment associated with the name of a republic
—of liberty; who is not already dead to all the
cherished recollections of the past, and all the in-
spiring hopes of the future. Sir, ordinary con-
solidation, the idea of which has heretofore been
sufficient to excite the fears of many of the most
unquestioned patriots of the land, was nothing
| more than the concentration of all the powers of
sovereignty in the Federal Government, of which
Congress might still be regarded as a respected,
| independent, and efficient department. The idea
\ that the representatives of every part of the Union
would still annually assemble to deliberate, with
the spirit and independence of freemen, upon all
the great interests of the nation, though the State
.; authorities and Government might fall into disuse
or contempt, constituted some security against
the worst that might happen under such a state
1 of things; but the consolidation which is now
threatened, through the influence of party ma-
chinery, and the new doctrines which are becom-
ing prevalent in regard to the uses to which Gov-
ernment patronage may be properly applied, leads
not only to a concentration of all the powers of
sovereignty in the Federal head, but in a single
branch of the National Government—in the Ex-
ecutive. Congress, in all things but in name, is
to be annihilated. The two Houses of that body
are to be controlled by the same means, by the
use of the same party machinery, that make and
control the President himself. A political joint-
stock company, acting through the President as
their agent, is intended to rule the whole; and rule
it will, until some future President, more ambi-
tious than the past, shall apply the whole capital
of the company, of which he is only the trustee,
to his own use, and spurn from his favor the
disciplined corps which brought him into power,
as having no more right to rule jointly with him
than he has to govern alone; and thus drops the
curtain forever upon what may afterwards be de-
nominated the farce of American liberty!
But there is a point of delicacy which I must
notice before I proceed further with this branch
of my remarks.  I shall be forced to speak freely
of the course of the President in the remarks
which I propose to submit. I know that a sort
of morbid jealousy and sensibility in relation to
everything which may be construed into an attack
upon the President, is the natural feeling of a
House of Representatives composed chiefly of
his friends and supporters. The danger is that
this party interest which exists to repel every-
thing that savors of nn attack upon him, may,
and will, lead toa spirit of intolerance, and often
to a total suppression of nil free discussion nnd
inquiry into his conduct. This disposition to
intolerance is greatly increased when n President,
like the present one, is not only supported by a
large majority in this House, but is, besides, a
great popular fdvorite. Yet, it is precisely nt
such a period that free and rigid inquiry and in-
vestigation are of the greatest importance to the
public interest. It is at such a time only that
Congress can show itself to be the true and fear-
less and faithful guardian of the public liberty.
During an unpopular Administration, neither
courage nor industry nor zeal is wanting to exe-
cute the task of inquiry into Executive eonduct
or abuses. All are ready to discharge a duty
which is popular, and in which there is no peril.
But it is the duty of this House, under all Ad-
ministrations, whether popular or otherwise, to
lend a ready ear to discussions and investigations
which relate to Executive conduct, power, and
influence.
But, sir, I am not certain if an opinion is not
becoming prevalent, for want of proper reflection
and inquiry, that the President is in no way re-
sponsible to this House for anything he may do;
that he is an independent coordinate department
of the Government, who is responsible to " his
constituents"—to the people; and that we have
only to attend to our ordinary duties as members
of the legislative branch of the Government; and
to take care to be able to answer to the people for
our own conduct, without undertaking to ques-
tion the propriety of what the President has done
or may do. 1 say I am not sure if such a senti-
ment is not becoming common in the country;
and I almost blush to think that such a feeling is
not altogether unknown in this House. Sir, it is
a great mistake, and may be the source of many
errors and of great mischief to the country. The
Executive chief of the Government is responsible,
not only to his constituents—the people—but he
is responsible to this House; and this isa part
of the theory of this Government which should
never be lost sight of. It is true that the idea,
which has grown up of late, of the total independ-
ence of the Presidenton this House, has become
so common, that I am certain if the bare sugges-
tion of the constitutional duties and powers of
this House will not excite surprise, and startle the
more devoted friends of the President. But it is
fit that we should not lose all recollection of our
powers and privileges. It will have some good
effect to make continual claim to our constitutional
powers, though we may not think proper to ex-
ercise them. I will then take leave to repeat, that
the President is responsible to this House, in the
only way that he could be made so, without de-
priving him of the shadow of independence as
the head of a separate department of the Govern-
ment—and that is by impeachment. Ay, sir, the
President may not only be impeached by this
House, but it is its bounden and sacred duty act-
ually to impeach him for adequate cause. I do
not mean to say that the present incumbent ought
to be impeached, but I would have this House to
be familiar in the knowledge of its powers. The
day may come, in the progress of this Govern-
ment, when a great example will have to be given
to the country of the spirit and power of this
House; or the Executive, instead of becoming
independent only of this House, will actually
govern it and the people into the bargain. Sir,
the Constitution did not mean that, because the
people, by their voice, may elevate a man to the
Presidency, they do thereby sanction, in advance,
and engage to submit to, all that he may do in
the four years of his term of service. On the
contrary, it supposes that a President thus chosen
may abuse his powers, and deserve to be removed
from office; and the duty of supervising his con-
duct is given to this House.   Yes, sir, we are the
