754
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
these things be true or not. It is needless to say
that in the South tlint gentleman is understood to
entertain principles directly the opposite of those
ascribed to him north of the Ohio. Sir, it is a
singular fact that, in the exposition of the relative
prospects of Mr. Van Bnren and Judge White
for the Presidency, contained in an early and
ablv written article of the NashviHe Union, a
newspaper got up for the express purpose of ad-
vancing the interests of the Vice Piesident in
Tennessee, the ground was openly assumed,and,
considering where it was done, and under whose
auspices, it was most audaciously assumed, that
Judge White could not get the votes of the States
north of the Ohio, by reason of his rigid course
nnd opinions upon the subject of internal im-
provement, but Mr. Van Buren, it was left to be
inferred, might. And why, sir, could this rep-
resentative head, that is to be, of the exclusive
Republican party in this country, get the votes
of those States > Let the southern gentlemen who
support him answer this question. It is worthy
of notice, because very small circumstances some-
times indicate the most important results, that
this of the Nashville Union was republished in
the Richmond Enquirer, and, as I remember,
without comment upon this point. I have said
enough upon this subject to show that a system
of internal improvement by the Federal Govern-
ment will find no impediment in the principles of
the two gentlemen who are supported for the two
highest offices of the Government.
The next question which was presented under
the present Administration, and which was re-
garded as in any degree a test of parties, was the
high tariff policy—a policy thought to beso inti-
mately connected with a system of internal im-
provement as lo constitute one great and united
system of national policy, called the American
system; a system which was the perfect abom-
ination of the South, and to no party apparently
more so than to that party in Virginia which now
claims to number in its ranks the only genuine
republicans of that far-famed Commonwealth.
Well, sir, both the candidates of that party to
which Virginia adheres for the two highest offices
known to the Constitution, voted for the tariff of
1828, the most odious,and upon every principle,
the most indefensible act of legislation which
grew out of the combined and mutual interests of
the so-called American system. It may be, and
it has a thousand times been, said that those gen-
tlemen voted as they did upon that question to
sustain their party. That may be true, but that
is precisely the objection I have to them, or rather
to the party of which they are the leaders. These
gentlemen will do the same thing again, or any-
thing else equally or more obnoxious to sustain
their party. Tins is the true objection to the
party which is now forming in the United States,
and to any party whose only bond of union is
the expectation of sharing the patronage of the
Government. Interests, purely of a party nature,
are obliged to subvert all regard for sound prin-
ciples, and to become paramount to them. When
such a party shall obtain power, even the obliga-
tions of law and duty become subordinate consid-
erations. A general relaxation of morals and of
all the ties which give security to society ensues.
I shall notice (he question of nullification but
briefly. The country found itself, in relation to
that subject, in a new and extreme emergency;
and extreme remedies were the natural conse-
quence. In the decision to which Congress came
upon that lamented contest between the authori-
ties of the Federal Government and the State of
South Carolina, those who now call themselves
the exclusive Republican party were found acting
in concert and harmony with ultra Federalists.
So far, therefore, as regards the subject of nulli-
fication, the present exclusive and proscriptive
Í>arty in power can claim to have won no new
aurels for the brow of Democracy. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Towns] has thought
proper to taunt me upon the subject of my vote
upon this subject. Sir, I do not regret, nor would
I recall, my vote upon that subject, however
much I regretted the occasion of it. 1 lamented
the errors of South Carolina as much as I dis-
approved the policy which provoked her to ex-
tremes.
-I hare omitted to notice, irr it  proper order,
the question of the relative jurisdiction and sov-
ereignty of the States and Federal Government
over the Indian tribes and territories within the
limits of the States. I intend, however, to pass
it over with a remark or two only. This, it is
well known, was one of the most delicate and
difficult questions which has arisen under this
Government. The Jackson party was divided
upon the policy of lemoval—an expedient adopted
by the Administration in oider to avoid greater
embarrassments, which were likely to arise in
our Indian relations. With a few exceptions, the
entire Pennsylvania delegation wcie opposed to
the Administration upon this subject, yet Georgia
and Pennsylvania are equally united and zealous
in proscribing and exterminating, according to
party lawand usage, the very man (Judge White)
whocontnbuted more than any other single mem-
ber of Congress to cany that question in favor
of Georgia ! Can this be party founded upon
principle >
I come now to the last great test question, the
Bank of the United States, and propose to inquire
briefly into the consistency and principles of the
party in relation to that subj<>ct. A full and can-
did history of this question would be a most inter-
esting and instructing acquisition to the counti y.
1 do not mean to become the advocate or apolo-
gist of the Bink. I notice the subject meiely as
a means of illustrating the true character of the
party, which now assumes exclusive pretensions
to orthodox and consistent principles. In the
first place, it is proper to be remaiked that the
gentleman who has been designated to head this
self-styled Republican party, or exquisites, as they
really hold themselves, for the next eight yeais,
(Mr. Van Buren,) in his celebrated speech upon
the rules of the Senate, which he intended to be
a full exposition of his political opinions, kept
himself so neatly and exactly balanced upon the
question of the bank, as to be able to fall with
grace and safety either way, accoiding to the
exigency of his affairs. That I may not appear
to do him injustice upon this point, I will read
from his speech what he says upon this point.
After referí i ng to the former opinions of Mr
Madison upon the question of constitutional
power, and stating that he had yielded a reluctant
assent to the late charter, Mr. Van Buren, in the
speech alluded to, proceeds thus:
" His a«sent was now placed on the express ground that
the recognition ot the authority ot the Government in rela-
tion to the old bin k by tlie State govei n ment^ and the court ,
as well as the people, had precluded the question of con-ti-
tiitionality. Thus the power in question must sund as a
succes-ful interpolation ot t'ie Constitution.'- * * *
" For his dep irture in thai pirtitulnr, (if departure it was)
his rea«ons have been seen." * * * " It is not,
at tins nine, my official dutv to pa«s upon their sufficiency;
and I am wholly unwilling to volunteer a denunciation ot
any opinion, deliberately tonned, by one of the mo-t, if not
the most accomplished statesman that our country has pro-
duced."
' It is manifest from these passages that the Vice
President has laid uside all constitutional scruples
| upon the constitutional question. He íegards the
I power to establish a bank as a succesful interpo-
lation upon the Constitution. It is in relation to
the sufficiency of the reasons upon which Mr.
Madison acted, in thus interpolating a new pow-
er, which he (Mr. Van Buren) will not volunteer
i an opinion; his opinion was volunteoed and cx-
1 pressed plain enough, as to the effect of Mr. Mad-
ison's course, in giving his sanction to the bill
chartering the late United States Bank. In his
opinion, the power can no longer be questioned.
But the President himself, (General Jackson,) al-
though he was known by Ins particular friends
to entertain opinions unfavorable to the bank, and
these were communicated to Congress in his first
message, yet this communication, and all suc-
ceeding ones, were so cautiously and oracularly
worded, that his best friends could not, with cer-
tainty, infer what his course would be upon the
question of recharter, until 1832, when the pas-
sage of the bill for that purpose compelled him to
act unequivocally. From various Facts and cir-
cumstances, I feel authorized to say that, notwith-
standing the President's early prejudices against
the bank, he had made up his mind to recharter
the late one, with some modifications, or at all
events to charter a new one as a substitute for it.
I had various reasons for this opinion; and be-
sides the evidence I had ofthefact, a circumstance
I
entitled to no little weight was, that certain gen-
tlemen who have always been distinguished for
a sort of intuitive tact in never forming any opin-
ion in advance of those in power, even upon the
most important and vital questions, and certain
others who I knew could never differ with Gen-
eral Jackson upon any subject, were at fault upon
this question. You may remember, sn, that in.
all the discussions which grew out of the resolu-
tions of a gentleman from Georgia, [Mr Clayton,]
-iroposing an examination into the affairs of the
ank—ay, sir, even in the very elaborate report
of the minority of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in 1832, upon this subject, not a single
remark could be detected winch indicated how
either of these classes of gentlemen to whom I
have alluded would vote upon the question of re-
charter. On the contrary, it was evident that
those wary gentlemen studiously kept the door
wide open, and reserved to themselves the utmost
freedom of action, so far as regarded any com-
mittal in this House. But the "messages of the
President are decisive on this point, and leave no
doubt that the Piesident had determined, if all
circumstances had been favorable, to rechai ter the
late bunk.
The language of the fiist message, in 1829, was
that " both the constitutionality and expediency
of the lawcieiting the piesent bank had been
well questioned by a large portion of our fellow-
citizens." In the same message he suggested the
establishment of a national bank, " founded upon
the ciedit of the Government and its revenues."
In his annual message in 1830, he stated "that
nothing had occurred to lessen the dangers to be
apprehended from the bank, as at present or-
ganized;" and he again suggested the inquiry,
"whether it was not possible to secure all the
ad vantages of the present bank through the agency
of a Can It of the United States, so modified in its
principles nnd structure as to obviate all constitu-
tional und other objections'" In 1831 he referred
to the opinions befoie expressed in relation to
" the Bank of the United States, at at pwent or-
ganized." This was the last message which pre-
ceded the passage of the bill to recharter the
bank. But this is not the last proof which the
President gave that he had made up his mind to
recharter the late bank. In his veto of the bill of
1832 he expresses himself in the following lan-
guage:
■' 1 sincerely regret that, in the act before me, I can per-
ceive none nl tho-e modification  of the bank charter winch
aie necessary, in my opinion, to make it compatible with
justice, with sound policy, or with the Constitution of our
country."
Who now shall say that the President was not
himself a bank man, or that he had not determ-
ined to recharter the late bank had it received some
modifications confoimable to his views?
But I am able to refer to some further evidence
of the flexibility of the principles of the party
upon this subject. The gentleman [Mr. John-
son] who was selected by the Baltimore Conven-
tion to fill the second office in the Government, and
to wear the second honor in the gift of the party,
was notonously the advocate of a bank at the
time he was nominated by the convention, what-
ever may be his views at this time of such an
institution. The President himself has furnished
the world with evidence which I have not yet
noticed, that he is neither so much opposed to a
bank or to bank men as the public may have been
made to believe. It is well known that after the
settlement of the deposit question, 1834, the Pres-
ident had expressed a desire to reorganize his
Cabinet, so as to make it a unit and, consequently,
impart to it greater energy in carrying out the
policy of his Administration. Mr. McLane, of
the State Department, was generally supposed to
differ with the President in his Yiews upon the
subject of a bank, if not of the bank. He re-
tired. Well, sir, how was his place filled ? By
a gentleman (Mr. Forsyth) distinguished enough,
it is true, for his talents and services, but not at
all remarkable for orthodox opinions upon the
subject of a bank. That gentleman, in the de ■
bate upon the removal of the deposits, expressed
a decided opinion in favor of the expediency of
rechartering the bank, with some modifications !
What, sir, are we to understand now, with all
these facts before us, are the real doctrines and
policy of tlie party in relation to this question of
