1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
24th Caws.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Hó. or Reps.
ap by the ample means of the Bank of the Uni-
ted Suites. Well, sir, what was the remedy for
this great mischief. An election—yes, sir, an
election; for, when this practice of caucus nom-
inations becomes the established usage of a dom-
inant party in this country, the election of Pres-
ident will always be by a convention or caucus;
that is, in order to avoid the intrigue and corrup-
tion of an election by this House, we must resort
to «convention composed of gentlemen whocannot
be seduced by the offer either of offices or bribes
m money—pure patriots, who will only have the
interest of their country in view! Such was the
cant of the whole party, and the people in many
of the States were taken by it. "Well, sir, the
Baltimore Convention was held—a convention of
immaculate  truly! The Constitution, from a
properjealousy of Executive power and influence,
studiously excluded all officeholders from a seat
in this House, supposed them always exposed to
influences which would cause them to be unsafe
legislators or electors. But in this new Congress,
chosen for the election of President of a party,
the officers of the Government were actually the
most active, leading, and managing men of the
body; and, as if to show their utter contempt of
the cant of their own party, about the necessity
of choosing a President under circumstances to-
tally free from any suspicion of «inister or selfish
motives, the members of the Baltimore Conven-
tion elected a distinguished gentleman to pre-
side over their deliberations, who had, for more
than a year, had a contingent commission in his
pocket for one of the highest stations under the
Government. But the extent of the imposture
will only be fully developed, when it is known
that this identical party, which, during the last
year, kept up such an alarm about the danger of
an election by the House, actually defeated a
proposition in this House the winter before, to
amend the Constitution so as to prevent the elec-
tion of a President at any future time from de-
volving upon the House.
But a word or two upon the subject of the al-
leged venality and corruption of this House.
How dare any man who is a friend to the Consti-
stution—who is sincerely an advocate of a free
representative government—with what consist-
ency, I say, can such a man affirm and proclaim
to the world that the members of this House,
elected in pursuance of the laws and Constitution,
and the representatives of a clear majority of the
American people, are more liable to be influenced
by corrupt and venal considerations, than the
members of such a motley assembly as that which
lately sat at Baltimore ? Were they more honest
than the members of this House ? Had they more
elevation of character ? Were they more clearly
and decidediy the representatives of the feelings,
intelligence, and principles of the people of the
United States ? Were they less given to intrigue ?
Could not offices be promised to members of that
body as well as to members of Congress? Could
not bribes be given and received with as much
facility there as here ? Were the members of that
assembly less needy, or more indifferent to office,
than the members of this House ? But, sir, why
should the party of the Baltimore nominee fear
an election by this House, if it is rer'.ly believed
to be so easily won from its duty by the corrupt-
ing influence either of money or of office ? Sir,
it is all the merest pretense and imposture that
was ever attempted to mislead the people. That
party dreads a contest upon equal grounds, and
without the aid of false pretenses, both before the
people and this House. The free and unbiased
choice of the people is not less dreaded than the
integrity of an American House of Representa-
tives. Sir, if this House is to be swayed in an
election by bribery and corruption, does not every
one know that, in the means of corruption and
bribery, there is one candidate for the Presidency
rich beyond the possibility of rivalship or com-
petition ? The gold of the United States Bank is
constantly held up before the people as the dreaded
source of the corruption of members of Congress.
It is supposed that that institution could afford a
few millions for the sake of a recharter. Suppose,
sir, that the directors of that institution were
profligate enough to lend, and the members of this
House were base enough to borrow, its entire
Capital, as the wages of their corruption, the bank
would be but an humble competitor in the market
of this House for votes, in a conflict with the
Government, backed by a capital of thirty millions
per annum! Yes, sir; even supposing that this
House was composed of the vile and unprincipled
wretches which it has been represented to be, and
the Bank of the United States were to enter the
market with its whole resources of capital and
credit, it could not maintain a competition with
the Government for one moment. The Govern-
ment may distribute its bribes in the disguise of
rewards for public services, and so avoid any
wound to the consciences of the honest patriots
of the House. The bribes which the Government
can offer are also solid and lasting. The bank is
generally supposed to administer its bribes in the
shape of loans, upon security, which the borrower
must repay with interest; but the Government can
vest estates for life, and bestow its millions per
annum, without interest, and never be reimbursed.
If, sir, I repeat, the members of this House be the
corrupt and corruptible representatives of the peo-
ple, which thousands have been made to believe,
and the next election should devolve upon them,
there need no ghost rise from the grave to tell us
who will be elected! Why, sir, the forty deposit
or pet banks, or rather Government banks, will
be more than an over-match for the United States
Bank in the work of bribery and corruption; and
the vast patronage of the Government will be a
clear surplus of means in the bands of the Gov-
ernment candidate.
Let it be remembered that it is not the revenue
of a single year which may be made available by
the candidate who has the favor of the Executive.
The revenues and patronage of the Government
may be mortgaged by pledges and promises for the
succeeding four, or even eight years. I reaffirm
that, under the circumstances supposed, there
could be no doubt who would be the next Presi-
dent; and the party and its leaders know this full
well. But, sir, they dare not risk an election by the
House, with atl their ample means. I call upon
honorable gentlemen of this House to say if they
are notupholdingthe nomination of the Baltimore
Convention at the sacrifice of the character of the
House of Representatives for honor, integrity,
and independence. I call upon them to say, fur-
ther, whether there has not been a labored and
systematic attempt to disparage and degrade the
National Legislature in order to accomplish mere
party ends.
But, sir, the crowning humbug of all is to be
noticed yet. As if determined to give an exam-
ple of impudence and absurdity which might, un-
der favorable auspices, prove successful in prac-
ticing upon the credulity of a people said to be
the most enlightened in the world, which should
never be surpassed, the party, which thus gets
up one humbug after another, and which scarcely
allows one to pass away until it has another still
more absurd treading upon its heels, making the
people the dupes of a series of State tricks and
impositions of the grossest character, assume, in
their public addresses and journals, that they are
the only champions of the rights of the people;
the only orthodox believers in their perfect com-
petency for self-government; and they allege that
they are warring against a party which entertains
doubts upon this question ! If this is not entitled
to become a premium specimen of impudence and
absurdity, I can conceive of nothing that would.
I have done, sir, with this part of my subject.
There is one apology, or rather justification,
Mr. Chairman, which I have often heard urged
for all that has been done by the party, in the
course of the present Administration, which is so
objectionable that I feel constrained to notice it
upon this occasion. It is, that the people have
approved everything that has been said or done.
It is one of the most fallacious and insidious doc-
trines that can'be started in a free Government.
The idea that the people can never do or sanction
any wrong, I believe may be regarded as one of
the dogmas of the dominant party, or rather, one
of their professed principles. Thus, sir, if General
Jackson is arraigned for the doctrines of his veio
message upon theMaysville road bill, the answer
is, that the people, by his reelection, have sanc-
tioned his course upon this subject. If he is
charged with the avowal of dangerous doctrines
in his celebrated proclamation, the charge is an-
swered by averring that the people have approved
them. If it is alleged that he has abused his
powers under the Constitution and laws, in the
removal of the public deposits, he is defended by
showing that the people have applauded and sus-
tained what he has done. If the President shall
openly interfere in elections, and attempt to secure
the election of a favorite for his successor, the
cry will still be, that, by returning a majority of
the members of this House favorable to his wishes
upon this point, the people have stamped his in-
terference with theirapprobation. Thus, whether
the question be one of constitutional power or of
mere expediency—whether it be an abuse or a
usurpation of power—it is all one, while the peo-
ple applaud and sanction; the argument is, that
all is right, and it is anti-republican to raise ob-
jections. This is a most flagrant error, and, if
sustained by general acquiescence, it must prove
fatal to the Constitution. Why, sir, if the peo-
ple can never err, why have a Constitution ? why
place any restrictions upon the action of Con-
gress or the Executive? why not leave both to be
governed by the will of the people, as expressed
at their elections and through their Representa-
tives—the President in the executive department
and the members of Congress in the legislative
department ? If whatever the people may, at any
time, do or approve, must be right, and cannot
be questioned, then, I say, the Constitution is an
idle piece of State mummery—a mockery !
Sir, it is because it was known by the framers
of the Constitution that the people could err; that
the representatives of their feelings and wishes
would often err, if left free to do as they thought
proper; it is for this very reason, that the people
may err5, that a Constitution or fundamental law
was invented, and is accounted of infinite value.
It is for this reason that it is considered the glory
of the last century, and of the American States,
to have reconciled the idea of a free Government
with perfect security to the rights both of person
and of property, against the capricious impulses,
sudden excitements, and prejudices of the people,
by the invention of that great improvement in
government—a written Constitution. Those who
hold the doctrine that the people cannot err, are
foes to all constitutional Governments. Sir, so
far is it from being true that the people cannot
err, that from the foundation of the world, the
most enlightened people that have existed in the
different ages of it are admitted by all historians,
whether republicans or monarchists to have erred
—erred grievously for the liberties and happiness
of themselves arid of mankind. Yes, sir, from
the days of Moses to the present day, the people
have erred. The proofs may be found in Holy
Writ; and it is contrary to our religious faith to
affirm that a whole people, a prosperous and
happy people, may not err. We are bound to
believe that a whole people, with the clearest
light to guide them, but seduced by their pas-
sions, and misled by the arts of pretended proph-
ets and ambitious knaves,- have repeatedly de-
serted the worship of the living God, and given
themselves over to the adoration of idols. This
same people, not content with the simple govern-
ment of the law, under the auspices of which they
had passed the perils of forty years' sojourn in
the wilderness, and took possession of a land
flowing with milk and honey, would insist upon
a change of government. They then conceived
a fancy for a government of judges; and, finally,
they would have a king! The enlightened people
of the States of ancient Greece, skilled in the
knowledge of government in all its forms, and
most of them, at one time, in the enjoyment of
Governments as free as our own, and for a long
period filling the world with the fame of their
tiiumphs in arts and in arms, yet fell from their
hiijh estate by the errors of the people.
The people of republican Rome erred when they
deserted the standard of the republican leaders,
and went over in crowds to shout in the train of
Ccesar. The people of England erred when they
set aside the honest men of their party, and mis-
took that hypocrite and tyrant, Cromwell, for a
republican patriot and statesman. • The people
of France, of free and regenerated Prance, of re-
publican France, erred, first in voting Napoleon
to be Consul for life, and afterwards in voting that
he should be Emperor.    It is not true, then, that
