758
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[ Janufiry 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
the people cannot err; but it is true, that those
who in every aje have been most forward and |
zealous in fla^eiing the people with the idea that
they cannot err, have been the fiist to take ad-
vantage of their errors, and to betray their liber-
ties. But though the people may, and often do
err—though they may, and are often led astray
by false filends and false pretenses, yet our hap-
piness and our security consists in the further
truth, that the great body of the people,especially
of an agricultural people, are honest; and as long
as the torras of a fiee Government are permitted
to remain, and the power of the ballot-box is not
superseded by the power of the sword, they may
be recalled from their errors—the aitifices of the
imposters who have misled them may be unveiled.
This is the true basis of the value of a free repre-
sentative Government. It never was founded
upon the idea that the people cannot err. The
people sometimes do err, but the moment they
are made sensible of their error, they do not hes-
itate to retrace their steps. This will be our hope
in much worse times than these. I am not certain
that things will not have to grow worse in this
country than they are even now, before they can
be better. But let us hear no more of the aigu-
ment that, because the people have elected any
man President, and sent a majority of the mem-
bers of this House to support him, all is right.
Thank God, this is no certain test, either of right,
of truth, or of patriotism.
There is another argument, or rather gross
error, prevalent upon this subject.   It is not un-
common to hear it said that the country is un-
usually prosperous and  nourishing, in all the
departments of industry, agnculture, commerce,
and manufactures; that the revenues exceed the
wants of Government; and, wnat is more than
all, the national character abroad was never so
respectable, or more respected; and it is asked,
bow can these circumstances, so gratifying to the
pride of every American heart, exist under an
Administration, the principles and practices of I
which are alleged to be so much at war with the
public welfare and liberties' Every member pres-
ent has, no doubt, heard the prosperous condition
of this country repeatedly appealed to, in order
to give a color of prejudice and untruth to the
charge of vicious practices in the Administration.
It is as surprising as it must be mortifying to the
pride of those who regard the people of the United
States as the most enlightened in the world, to
observe with how large a proportion of them the
fact of the general prosperity is a sufficient an-
swer to all that can be said and all that can be
proved against the principles and conduct of the
dominant party.   Yet, who is there that is really
enlightened, and well informed in the nature and
history of government, who does not know—that
great and general prosperity, in arts, in trade,
and in arms, so far from being inconsistent with
a corrupt and unprincipled Administration—that
it is at such periods thatdangeious principles and
practices take their deepest and most fatal hold;
that the seeds of future misrule, of couuption,
and a vicious action of the Government, are most
widely sown, for then it is that that jealousy and
watchfulness of the people ovei the conduct of
those in povvei, s o  necessary to pieseive  the
purity of the public administration, are almost
sure to slumber.    In such a period, the malprac-
tices of an Administiation incut the contempt, or
escape the notice of the people.    Punciples are
avowed and piacticedupon,of the mostdangerous
tendency, without attracting observation.    The
people industriously employed in profiting by the
general harvest, or steeped in the enjoyment of
stores already accumulated, are deaf to the warn-
ings of patriotism.
But there is another truth connected with this
subject, which ought to be noticed. There is no
well-informed man in the country who does not
know that a temporary condition of prosperity
and general happiness among the people may
exist under a Government of any form. Pioofs
innumerable of this position might be drawn from
history. At no period was there more general
happiness among the people of Athens and of
Attica, in ancient Greece, and a state of more
genera} prosperity, both in agricultural and com-
mercial pursuits, than under the sway of one man;
nor was theie ever a public administration of the
affairs of a State more satisfactory to the people
generally, than the administration of that man;
yet cotemporary and all subsequent historians
have denounced Pisistratus a tyiant—that is, a
man whose will was supreme. The reign of the
family of the Medici in Florence may be cited as
an instance of the same kind, and both perfectly
applicable, for in both instances all the forms of a
free Government were strictly observed. One of the
most learned and accomplished historians of any
age (Gibbon) has said, that if he were required
to point to the period in the history of ihe world
at which the gieatest degree of human happiness
was enjoyed by thegreatest number of the human
lace, he would designate the reign of thiee suc-
cessive emperors of Rome, who happened to be
equally distinguished for their talents and their
virtues. "When was England more prospeious
as a nation—when her name and her might moie
respectable, or actually more respected and feared
all over Em ope, than under the administration
of Cromwell' Yet even a Butish House of Com-
mons disdained to be his supple tools in the exe-
cution of all his plans and wishes, and for that
reason he finally kicked them all out of their seats,
and ruled with absolute sway. All this was done
in the name of liberty and of the Commonwealth.
Again, sir, in what period in the history of France
were the French people more generally prosper-
ous, and when was France more terrible to her
enemies, or more potent in the protection of her
own interests, than under the ail ministration of
Napoleon' But it is useless to multiply examples.
I have said enough to demonstrate that it is no
argument to say that because there is a season of
general prosperity, there is nothing rotten or
dangerous in the principles and practices of the
party which now govern this country.
LOSS OF THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY A. WISE,
OF VIRGINIA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
January 22, 1836,
On the causes of the loss of the Fortification Bill.
Mr. WISE said:
Mi. Speaker: I did not expect this discussion
to arise to-day. I was in preparation for it on
another occasion, and if my facts, and inferences
from them, be not presented so well arranged as
they might be, and as ísdesnable they should be,
I hope 1 shall be excused on the score of being
thus called up unexpectedly. The whole matter
shall be right in print.
Sir, this has become a very important subject,
and should be so considered. The question,
" Who is responsible for the failure of the fortifi-
cation bill of the last session'" is now made to
supersede almost eveiyothpr question, no matter
how deeply, pressmgly, and immediately it may
involve the most impoitant public interests for the
futute. I readily confess that we should be pro-
viding for the future rather than be squabbling
about the past. But so it is, " the paity" has
seen fit to make this a test question of political
merit, it has been discussed inallthe public prints,
paiticularly in that which is the organ of the Ad-
ministration, is made the most prominent subject
of discussion in Congress; the most woeful mis-
representations concerning it have obtained cur-
rency and ciedence; the innocent are made to
bear the sins of the guilty; truth and justice both
have been violated, a presidential canvass is made
in part to depend upon this question; the public
mind is anxiously inquiring about it, and I am
determined that the whole truth shall be told, and
that all the light which I can sh d upon it shall
be given to the world. The discussion thus far
has been peifectly blindfold. By one party the
Senate, by another the House of Representatives,
has been charged with the loss of that bill. Now,
the main fact which I rise to establish is, that
neither the Senate nor the House of Represent-
atives is justly chargeable with its failure.
I say, let all crimination and recrimination
between the Senate and Houseof Representatives,
both innocent, for eve  cease, foe I can prove by
this Journal [holding up the Journal of the last
House] alone, and by other indubitable testimony
besides, that neither the Senate nor the House was
responsible or censurable for the failure of that
bill. The Senate did its duty, the House did its
duty, and both were not only willing but anxious
for its passage. No blame for its failure is fairly
attributable to either. Called upon to say upon
whom the blame should fall, I say, as Nathan
said unto David," Thou ait the man1" [pointing
directly at Mi. Cambreleng ]
Let not the gentleman fiom New York [Mr.
Cambrelenc] take this as personally unfuendly
or unkind. That gentleman has always been
courteous and kind to me, and I desire ever to be
courteous, kind, and respectful to him;—but truth
and duty impose a task upon me on this occasion,
which I must peiform, regardless of all personal
considerations. This subject is introduced by
himself, the question is up, it is fair to discuss it,
he is here present to defend himself, " eye to eye,
and face to face;" this House is the place for the
trial, before the eyes of the whole nation, and the
truth, the whole truth.and nothing but the truth—
so help us God! should go forth to the people
from tins Capitol!
I here chaige him as being wholly, or in part
with others of his party, responsible for the failure
of the fortification bill at the last session of the
last Congress. And, sir, the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Bynum,] who spoke a few
days ago on the increase of Navy appropriations,
need not have been so particulai to throw a
stumbling-block in the way of fieedom of speech
and of inquiry on this subject, by repeating
emphatically so often that it was "not true" that
the House of Representatives was responsible
for the failure of that bill No man who knows
the truth of the case will presume or pietend to
charge the House of Representatives with that
failure. Whether the House of Representatives
was guilty or not guilty, is not the true issue.
No one will join that issue with the gentleman,
and no one who knows the truth of the case will
accuse the Senate.
I here make the charge as I believe it, from the
Journal, my own evidence, and that of others, to
be true; and I appeal to the facts to sustain it.
To the facts, then !—to the facts !
On the night of Tuesday, the 3d of March,
1835, the three million amendment to bill No. 600,
" An act making appropriations for certain forti-
fications of the United States, heretofore com-
menced , for the year 1835," was reported by the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union.   That amendment read as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That the =um of $ 3,000,000 be,
and the «¡ime if hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropmted, to be expended,
in whole or in part, under the direction ot the President of
the United States, for the militnrj and naval service, includ-
ing fortification  and ordnance and mercase of the Navv:
Provided, Such expenditures shall be rendered necessary
for the defense of the country prior to the next meeting of
Congress "
On the question that the House do concur with
the committee in this amendment, the vote stood
—yeas 109, nays 77. Number of votes, one hun-
dred and eighty-six.
I beg of the House to mark the number of votes
given as I proceed.
On the bill to establish branches of the Mint,
the next vote, upon a call of yeas and nays, was—
yeas 115, nays 60. Number of votes, one hun-
dred and seventy-five.
A message was afterwards received from the
Senate informing the House that they disagreed to
the three-million amendment. A motion was then
made by Mr. Gholson that the House do recede
from its amendment. The previous question was
then called, and on the main question, " Will the
House recede from thesaidamendment'" thevote
stood—yeas 87, nays 110. Number of votes, one
hundred and ninety-seven.
The House then insisted on its amendment, and
sent a message to inform the Senate. The Senate
then returned a message that the Senate " adhere
to their disagieement to the amendment of the
House."
A motion was then made by Mr. Cambreleng
that the House do adheie to their said amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER interrupted Mr W , by say-
