1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
in  it was not in order to call members by name
on" the (loor.
Mr. WISE replied that he was reading from
the Journal of the hst Congress.
Upon a motion then to recede, the previous
question was demanded; and upon the question,
" Will the House recede-" the vote stood—yeas
S3, nays 107. Number of votes one hundred and
ninety-fi\e.
A motion was then made by Mr. Hubbard
that the House do ask a conference; which mo-
tion w.is carried; and Mr.Cambreleng, Mr. Lewis,
and Mr Hubbard were appointed managers to
conduct the said conference on the paitof the
House.
Heie, sir, permit me to remark that the Hon.
Dixon H. Lewis, of Alabama, has not yet ar-
nud, fiom indisposition, and he is not heie to
testify. I M ísh for the sake of a full development
he were in his place. Cut, sir, Mr. Cambreleng
is now in this House, and Mr. Hubbard is now
in the Senate
The SPE \KER again interposed, and said the
gentlemui was out of order in calling gentlemen
by their names.
Mi. WISE again replied thit he was reading
fiom the Journal of the last Congress.
The SPEAKER said the gentlemen named are
of Ihts House.
M.. WISE. Well, sir, Mr. Lewis, of the last
Congress, is not here, Mr. Cambreleng, of the
/as/Congiess, is now of this House , and Mi. Hub-
bard, of the last Congress, is now of the Senate;
and Mr. Cambreleng, of the last Congress, cin
here tell the whole truth, and Mr. Hubbard, of the
last Congress, can *ell the whole truth in ins place,
if the gentlemen will come out fully, as they
should Each House in this Congress is supplied
from the committee of conference of the last ses-
sion with a witness of all the facts, who can, if
he will, disclose the real tiuth of this whole trans-
action. Will they tell what they know ' Will
they satisfy the public mind ' Will they disclose |
all, and conceal nothing' I pray them to speak
out, and hold nothing back, for the sake of tiuth
and justice! Sir, I could not sit in my seat
calmly and coolly, and suffei the torture of tins
contro\ersy, much less rise and speak, knowing
the whole tiuth, without disclosing it fully. I
could not pumit innocence in my sight to grope
about blindly for its defense, though guilt should
fall on my own head by disclosing the truth. I
could not see violence done to truth and justice
whilst I was piesent, ready with the means of
vindicating both. Let the witnesses, the best
witnesses the cise admits of, come forwaid and
testify fully as to alllhe facts, known or unknown.
Will they do it'
Mr C'VMBRELENG said he would tell all.
Mr. WISE. 1 am glad to hear it, and I shall
congratulate the countiy and the friends of truth
and justice, if all be told     But to proceed.
The Senate was notified of the request for a
conference.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to rendei peimanent the present mode
of supplying the Anny, &c; which took up con-
siduable time. Mi. Bnggs, fiom the Joint Cora-
mitte<-on Enrolled Bills, repoi ted the examination
of twi enrolled bills, and Mr. Dickerson repotted
that fmy-fuui bills hid been picsenteJ to the
Presidí lit, the titles of which were named. Mr
Aslihy, of Missouri, dining this time, also, mide
scvtral motions, which occupied considerable
time, to take up a harbor bill, which does not ap-
pear on the Journal. And at this and every
point of time the House was delayed by con-
tinual tffoits to take up particular subjects not in
order.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Cumbeiland road bill. Pievious to the
vote on this bill, the conferees on the three mil-
lion amendment had returned into the House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, No, no, he had
rtmained m the House aftci being appointed on
the committee of confeience until the vote on the
Cumbeiland load bill, and voted on that bill; the
committee did notieturn to the House until about
the time of the vote on the Mooie and Letcher
resolutions, which was some time after twelve
o'clock.
Mr. WISE.  The gentleman must be mistaken,
or he was guilty of a neglect of duty in delaying '
so long to attend the committee of conference.
From the time of the appointment of the con-
ferees until the vote on the Cumbeiland load bill,
more than an hour elapsed, and if the gentleman
was so conscientious about the time of night he
legislated, he should have hastened to do his duty
on the committee of confeience, lest the House
should expire befoie this precious bill could in
conscience be saved. As he did not though, but
delayed until the hour had come, he should, on
that ground, if on no other, be held lesponsible.
But, sir, my recollection is, that the committee
of conference returned into the House bejuie the
vote on the Cumbei land road bill; and just before
or at the time of that vote, the fiist notice that I
heard was given of the hour. The vote on the
Cumberland road bill was taken up after twelve
o'clock at night, 1 know, from two circumstances.
Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia, than whom no man is
more honest, and no man more unaffectedly scru-
pulous on points of conscience, when his name
was called, rose, pulled out his witch, and audi-
bly announced it to the House that he could no
longei sit in his place and vote, for the reason
that the hour of twelve had arrived. He imme-
diately left the House. He practiced bona fide
what he professed. He gave me the first notice
of the time, and of the question whether in fact
we were defunct. He did not depend upon that
false clock face, [pointing to the clock above the
Speaker's chair,] the hands of which weie made
that night to point backwards. It was the fiist
time in my life I ever saw old Time flying back-
waids; the old might soon have returned to their
youth again. I wish that clock was all that is
false which is fair about this Capitol. He relied
on his own watch, which was regulated by his
conscience. Thus reminded of the hour, and
struck by the conduct of Mr. Gilmer, upon whose
watch and whose conscience I could rely, I was
on the point of making opposition to the bill be-
fore the House, for reason of the hour, as well
as of constitutional objections, when I was pre-
vented by my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
M'Kenvan,] who held me down, in a play ful way,
in my seat, which circumstance he may recollect.
Thus I am certain that when the vote on the Cum-
beiland road bill was taken, the hour had come
and was past' I voted on that bill on account
of my constitutional objections to it, and declined
several votes afterwaids,until my colleague [Mi.
Mercer] and others convinced me there was no
foundation for the objection to voting after twelve
o'clock. On the question "Shall the bill pass'"
the vote stood—yeas 94, nays 80; number of
votes one hundred and seventy-four.
This, sir, this was the last bona fide vote of the
last House of Repiesentatives. Here it died,
strangled by fraud and foul play '
I beg the House to stop heie a moment with
me, whilst I collect together and group the facts
which I wish borne along in our remembrance,
when approaching other facts which follow.
The House will please to lemember that the
committee of conference was appointed long be-
fore the vote on the Cumbeiland ioid bill, and
time enough for them to have repoi ted befoie the
hour expired.
Remember that the committee of confeience re-
turned just before or at the nme of the vole on the
Cumberland toad bill, or just before or at the time
of the vote on the Moore and Letcher resolutions;
1 caie not which.
That from the offering of the three million
amendment until the Cumberland road bill, inclu-
sive, the yeas and nays were called five times,
showing at the different times, 186,175, 197,195,
and, immediately pieceding the Moore and Letch-
er resolutions, 174 membeis present and vo'ing!
Maik now the names of those who voted on
the Cumberland road bill knowingly and witting-
ly, with proclamation of notice, after twelve
o'clock at night. Among the yeas m favor of that
bill we find the name of Samutl Beardsley, a gen-
tleman who, in a breath afterwai ds, excused him-
self fiom voting foi thereason "that the term for
which the members of the Twenty-Thud Con-
giess had been ekct(d,had expired'" Such is
the vote, and such the leason for not voting, as
the Join nal shows beyond dispute.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said that by his watch it was
not so late as twelve o'clock when the vote on the
Cumberland road bill was taken. He recollected
there was a diversity of opinion about the hour.
Mr. WISE. Well, sit, the gentleman has
served in more than one Congress; did he ever
know any diversity of opinion, an y question about
the hour, before the last night of the last session'
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he could not submit
thus to be catechised.
Mr. WISE. I know, sir, fiom childhood up,
that catechisms are unpleasant, but when tiuth
is suffering violence we must nil submit patiently
to be questioned, and the nation must know all
the facts and the whole intent in this case But
perhaps by that gentleman's watch it was not
then twelve o'clock, though it was soon aftei-
wards. I know it was twelve o'clock and past,
for I remember well the fact, that Mr. Gilmer,
whose conscience did keep a strict watch over his
time piece, announced it to the House, and de-
parted from his post, which he never did unless
compelled by sickness or a sense of duty; and I
know that I was held in my seat by the strong
arm of a strong friend of the Cumberland road
bill. The name of that gentleman is not the only
namewhichl wish theHouse to lpmemberamong
the votes on this bill after twelve o'clock at night.
Among the nays, sir, we find the name of Churchill
C. Cambieleng.
The SPEAKER again interrupted Mr. W. for
calling members by name.
Mr. WISE. I claim the right to read the Jour-
nal of the last session of Congiess Names,dates,
persons, facts, are what are wanted. I cannot
get along unless I am permitted to call things by
their light names. It is impossible for me to get
along with anything like a connected relation of
facts, if I am thus to be interiupted.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman has the
right to read fiom this Journal. I thought he
was naming a gentleman in this House.
Mr WISE. I have told you, Mr. Speaker,
repeatedly, that I was reading from the Journal,
and 1 claim the light to read plainly out the name
of Chur-ch-iII C Cam-bie-leng. [Cries of "Go
on1" "Goon"'} As soon asChuichill C. Cam-
breleng gave this vote, and all the votes were told,
after twelve o'clock at night, Chuichill C. Cam-
bieleng, the chanman of the committee of con-
ference, might as well have done his duty, and
made his report to the House. But this is not
all. Two enrolled bills were next reported, one
of which the Speakei signed after twelve o'clock
at night confessedly.
Mr. Jarvis, of Maine, then moved the follow-
ing resolution:
< Reiolvei!, That the hour having arrived \\ lien the term
for wtncli this House wd> electtd has expired, vvc do now
adjnum "
Sir, note that here is a resolution offered to the
House, giving additional notice to that of Mr.
Gilmer, that the hour had come. Note by whom
this resolution was offered; by a gentleman who
afterwards voted.
The CHAIR again interposed for calling proper
names
Mr WISE. I read from the Journal I call
the attention of the House to the fact that here is
a icsoliition to adjourn for the reason of the time
of night; that the hour had come; that we were
dtad Mr. Jones, of Georgia, also immediately
moved to adjouin, foi the puipose of trying
whethei the House thought it could sit after
twelve o'clock. Heie is double notice to all who
had conscientious sciuples It was negatived.
1 Where was the want of a quorum to do this'
A motion was then made to suspend the rules,
to take up the Moore and Letcher resolutions.
It passed in the affirmative. Where was the
want of a quorum to prevent doing this' After
debate, the previous question was moved and
demanded. On the question, " Will the House
agree to the resolution as herein recited'" the
vote stood—yeas 111, nays 2; numter of votes,
on" hundied and thirteen.
No quorum ' But among the yeas I find the
names of John duincy Adams, and Chuichill C.
Cambreleng ' Yes, sn , both voting long after all
had been thrice notified that the hour had come'
Where were their consciences'
The CHAIR said it was not in order to indulge*
in personalities, or to refer to motives.
