762
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GbOBE.
[January 22,
24th Gono....1st Sess.
¿toss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
$65,000,000 have in part been expended. From
that report, I knew that about seven hundred and
fifty of the guns of the Navy were unfit for ser-
vice, and they are now, many of them, on board
your vessels of war. The men are afraid of them.
I knew it would take from six to twelve months
to get our ships and vessels of war in ordinary
afloat.
Concerning the War Department, I knew that
scarcely one of the old fortifications which were
left dilapidated by the last war was in a state of
repair.    Witness the facts exposed during the
debate that very last night of the session in rela-
tion to Fort McHenry, near Baltimore, and the
works on the Gulf of Mexico!  I knew that, not-
withstanding more than twenty-six millions hud
been expended on building, or rather on com-
mencing to build, fortifications since 1820, not
one scarcely of our new fortifications was com-
pleted.    I say " commencing to build," because
the system has not been one of defense, it has
been one of electioneering to scatter Government
patronage!    Instead of completing those com-
menced before others are begun, as many con-
gressional districts as possible are given a taste
of Treasury pap, and   the works, begun and
incomplete, are left to the necessary injury of
delay, and to the tender mercy of any enemy who
may choose to capture them.   Your own forts
are now exactly in the condition either to be
blown up, or to be turned upon yourselves. Wit-
ness Old Point Comfort and the Rip Raps!   I
knew, sir, that with the most extended coast of
any people on the face of the earth, on the Gulf,
on the Atlantic, and on the Lakes, to be defended,
we have notafortin readiness forany emergency,
near or afar off.    I knew, according to informa-
tion from the ordnance department, it would take
twenty years at the present rate of appropriation,
$100,000 only per annum, or, in other words, a
present appropriation of $2,000,000, for armament
of fortifications alone!   1 knew we had but three
eafe founderies in the entire eastern section of the
country, at which ordnance can be cast.  I knew
that casting of ordnance was no light job, and
$2,000,000 worth was not to be cast in a day.   I
knew that from Florida to Maine there was not
a single fort which could mount twenty guns.   I
knew that there were no gun-carriages.  Witness
FortWashington, the guard of the pass to this Cap-
itol, which has once been burnt, has not a gun on
its ramparts.  And, in addition to all this, f knew
that a French Minister (General Bernard) knows
our condition of defense better than we do, for he
has been our chief engineer!  Such I knew to be
our condition, and such 1 know to be our condi-
tion note, though year after year, every year, the
false cry has been heard from the watch-towers,
" all's well!"   Every session of Congress, every
. return of the session, have we been most gra-
ciously greeted with the formal and fashionable
congratulations and felicitations on the happy
and unparalleled present condition,and the pros-
pects of the future prosperity of our country;
and, Mr. Speaker, here we are! caught naked,
defenseless,  unprepared, and  unpreparing  for
defense, with our hand's in the lion's mouth.
Let those who have all the time had all this in-
formation, and who have all the day been standing
idle, recommending nothing, reporting nothing,
advising nothing, no, not until this very moment,
bear the blame; I, and those with whom I act,
are innocent.
Sir, I say I know that, with all this immense
want of appropriation, three millions would be but
as a drop in the bucket for either of the objects-
fortifications, ordnance, or increase of the Navy.
Knowing this I voted for that amendment; not
with reference to war, for not more than twenty-
four hours before the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cambrelekg] had withdrawn his resolution
to make contingent preparation for war, though
that gentleman proposed the three-million amend-
ment, and now assigns the necessity at the time
of preparing for war as the reason! The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] withdrew
a similar resolution, and voted the very next day
for this amendment, and now tells us that the
" next step for those who voted against that
amendment was to join the enemy!" After the
withdrawal of that resolution upon French affairs,
but the day before, by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, could I, could any one
not initiated, doubt that these three millions were
not proposed for war? I voted for the amendment
for reasons of peace, not of war. I thought it
the best way to keep peace to be in a state of
readiness for war, and that sound economy, as
well as policy, required the appropriation. For
the reasons 1 have given, I wanted no estimates,
no more data, than I had already.
But, sir, many gentlemen had not then this in-
formation, the estimates, the data. No informa-
tion, no estimates, no data, were furnished by the
Departments, or by the committees. There was
time enough for the estimates to have been fur-
nished; for I tell you that notice was given to me
personally, beforehand, and it must have been in
contemplation before notice, that this amendment
was to be offered; and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] shall not claim to have
given notice, and still urge that there was not time
for the data to be furnished. Indeed, all the time
his resolution was pending to make contingent
preparation for war, these data and estimates
should have been prepared; they should always
be ready. But no information of the kind was
furnished those even who might have been willing
to vote upon faith in the President. The faith of
some was monstrous strong !—did not know that
he wished such an appropriation, or even that he
thought it proper. Why, sir, when I returned
home, and was accused by my opponentsof voting
the President $3,000,000,1 honestly and sincerely
told my friendá that the President had never called
for the appropriation, and I presumed, therefore,
he must have thought it unnecessary, or he would,
as in duty bound, have certainly recommended it
by message, or through some Department. Never
until I saw his message to this Congress, did I
know that amendment was "in accordance with
the views of the Executive." And, sir, I venture
to say that a large majority of the last Congress
were as ignorant as I was of any such "views of
the Executive." I can prove here on the spot,
by a member of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, [Mr. Peyton,] that he was totally ignorant
of "the views of the Executive," or of any in-
formation from the Departments in relation to this
three million amendment.
But, sir, 1 now know, by evidence newly dis-
covered, that some few did know that the Presi-
dent did desire this appropriation of three millions;
that they, though chairmen of the principal com-
mittees, never communicated it to their commit-
tees, much less to the House; that they whispered
it to a few others, and told them " not to say
anything about it." You, Mr. Speaker, you
I charge with the guilt of that fact! You may
deny it in your place or not. If you do deny it,
I am ready with a witness to prove that—
Here Mr. W. read a written statement given
to him by the Hon. Luke Lea, of Tennessee,
corroborated by the statement of the Hon. Sam-
uel Bunch, of Tennessee, in the following words:
" On the last niglit of the lust session of Congress, pend-
ing the question of the three million appropriation, two of
the members of that Consress hesitated as to the propriety
of votine for said appropriation, when one of them proposed
to the other that he would make inquiry of one of the mem-
bers of the Committee of Ways and Means, who sat near
them, whether this appropriation had been asked for by the
President, which he did, and received for answer that the
committee had been asked fur it, or it had been intimated to
them tliat he desired it, but that you need not say anything
¡ about it; whicli answer was immediately communicated
¡ to the other member.   It was then agreed upon between
¡ the members, that, a9 the money was not to be used except
i for the purposes specified, and not until the contingency
¡ should make it necessary, they would vote for the arnend-
I inent."
¡     Sir, I charge you with being that member who—
[loud cries of " Order ! order! "]   The chairman
| of the  Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
i Polk,] it is said, gave this answer. Is it true?
Yes, or no !   Guilty, or not guilty ?
¡ The CHAIR. If it is desired that I should
make any statement of any fact in my knowledge,
! I am ready to make it. [Cries of " No ! no!"
from Mr. Polk's own friends.]
Mr. MERCER considered the call upon the
Speaker, as such, to be out of order, but the call
upon him, as a member of the last House, in
arder.
Mr. WISE. I call upon the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the last Con-
gress.
The CHAIR said, if the House wished it, or
would permit it, he would make a brief statement.
[Cries of " No ! no !" from some of his own
friends, and of " Agreed !" " agreed !" from all
quarters.]
Mr. ADAMS here attempted to get an expla-
nation.
Mr. MERCER hoped the House would yield
its unanimous consent to the explanation of the
Speaker.
Mr. VINTON wished to know if the Speaker
himself desired it; because, if not, he should ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER then rose and confessed that
the statement of Mr. Lea was substantially true;
but he did not recollect that part of it which says
he enjoined secrecy, though he may have said it,
and would not say he had not. But he was unable
to conceive how this could be a matter of any sort
of importance. He apologized to Mr Wise for
interrupting him in reading the Journal, and ap-
pealed to him and the House to sustain him in
maintaining order.
Mr. LEA, of Tennessee, then rose, and con-
firmed the statement which he had given Mr.
Wise in writing, and which the Speaker [Mr.
Polk] admitted to be true.
Mr. WISE. Sir, permit me to say that I truly
and sincerely sympathize with the situation of the
Chair. I know its embarrassments, and I shall
at all times be ready to sustain its efforts to pre-
serve order.
But to proceed. And this, Mr. Speaker, is not
an important fact! What, sir! the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means know the fact
that the President desires an appropriation of
three millions of dollars, not communicate it to
his committee or to the House, and whilst en-
deavoring to get it through and obtain votes for
its passage, to whisper the President's will to a
few members in theirseats—to be kept a secret!
Great God! and this in these days, in the green
tree, is not a matter of importance! I wish not
to deal with this fact until I have a fair oppor-
tunity.
Mr. Speaker, before I proceed with my remark 
of yesterday, permit me to say, the reflections of
the past night have admonished me that a most
serious, solemn, and delicate duty has accidental-
ly, on the occasion of this debate, devolved upon
me, and upon all in this House who are disposed,
without fear, favor, or affection, to do their duty
to their country and its sacred institutions. I la-
ment, sir, sincerely lament, for the sake of all that
is dear to us, that the corruption—corruption,
sir, is the word—of the times, docs exist; but it
is too true; it is engendered—it is sneaking through
every avenue almost of the public service—it is
undermining the Constitution and the safety of
the free Government which we derived from our
fathers; and I glory in dragging it out from the
darkness which it loves, and in exposing its "hide-
ous front," in the full light of truth, to the aston-
ished gaze of the honest and unsuspecting people
of this nation! I will then leave the correction
of it to them. They can create, and they can
destroy. It is one of their virtues that their con-
fidence in those whom they have trusted is not
easily to be shaken; but when once deceived,once
betrayed, their vengeance, their condign punish-
ment is awful! I know they are honest, and will
not tolerate corruption.
Sir, before I closed on the past evening, we had
arrived at one most important fact, which the
Journal does not record, which jyas not before
known, which I would that the history of my
country in its very infancy had not to record, and
which I must say has produced a most—distin-
guished anxiety.
We have arrived at the solemn fact—half ad-
mitted and fully proved—that, at the last session,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Polk] was informed and knew that
the President of the United States desired an ap-
propriation of three million dollars for mili-
tary and naval service; that he never commu-
nicated it to his committee or to the House of
Representatives; but whispered it, as a secret,
to a few members in their seats,"desiring them to
" say nothing about" the fact that such was the
desire of the President!
I call upon this House and this nation to wit-
