1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. or Reps.
ness thisfact, stated, proved, and not here denied, M
but admitted Here [striking his breast] is the |
accuser, there [pointing; at the Speaker] and there
[pointing at Mr Cambrbleng] are the accused '
There are others [signifying Mr. V B and Mr.
F ] who may be the guiltiest of the gang ' The
people are our judges, they are now sitting, and
will |udge righteously
Why, sir, appoint a committee' The investi-
gation is already made; here is the record evi-
dence, [holding up the Journal ] there are theoial
witnesses, [pointing toMtssrs Lea and Bunch,]
and the truth necessary for a verdict and convic-
tion, to the mind of any honest, impartial man,
is ahead y out There is no necessity for the
appointment of the committee asked for The
material facts, or some of them, are already be-
fore the House, and all of them, if I can bring
them out, shall be before us here; and here, be-
fore the eves of the world, they should be di-
vulged Sir, it a committee is appointed, it will
be a " stocked pick " I will not consent to play
with sweh cards' If a committee be appointed,
there will certainly—we have got to that pass—
be two reports, conflicting and diametrically op-
posite. No matter where truth, where justice
lies, I say we know beforehand there will cer-
tainly be two reports. Committees are more used
now-a-days to gloss over than to probe corrup
Hon I have but little confidence in them If
they cannot report favorably to " the party,"
they will ne\er report at all' Why appoint a
committee, when here it has been chaiged, face
to face, and fully proved, that the fortification bill
of the last session was lost by the maneuveung,
with others, of a gentleman whose name reads on
the Journal—Churchill C Cambreleng' When
here it has been charged, and not denied—ay, if
denied, fully proved, that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [James K.
Polk,] knowing the views of the Executive, but
nevercommunicatingthem to committee or House,
did go round privately among membeis, and tell
such as were friendly to the President, that he
wanted the grantof three millions, but not to say
anything about it? What need, then, I repeat,
of a committee to ascertain what is aheady
known? These facts have come out, and more
must follow. Let them follow, one after another,
in review here in this Hall, and, if you are hon-
est, you will gaze on the procession with indig-
nation and alarm. No plastering committee in a
shut chamber' Let the naked truth stand up
here, to confront men in high places, no matter
who they may be, charged with fraud and cor-
ruption '
I will never examine this subject anywhere else
than in this House. And how was that three
million amendment proposed' Sir, although it
was apparently brought upon us suddenly, in the
last hour of our existence, and although the House
had no notice of it, at all events not until the day
before, yet now it seems that it had been for
some time thought of in another quarter, that it
was " in accordance with the views of the Execu-
tive," that those views had been communicated
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr Polk,] and to the chairman of the
Committee on Foieign Aflfans, [Mr Cambre-
levg,] who communicated them secretly to a few
others. There was tune, then, sir, for all the
estimates to be furnished. I know, and the gen-
tleman [Mr. Cambreleng] will bear me witness,
that he gate me notice, personally, some days
before the 31st of March, that he intended to move
an amendment of three millions, though I had no
notice of its form, and much less had I notice that
it was "in accordance even with the views of the
Executive." I pledged myself to vote for it, from
the information I possessed in leiation to our de-
Icnseless condition
A day, a single day, was sufficient time to fur
nnhtht estimates, from the uumeious facts which
lie in the way of everybody, and especially foi
the Departments, which should always be íeady
utlh'all information as to the condition of the
country. It was known to you, Mi Speaker,
thattlie President thought this a propei and neces-
sary appropn ition, and that he desired it tobe
made Why was this not made known oflicially
to the committee and to the House' Why did
not the President " give, to Congiess" this infoim-
ation,"and recommend to their consideration" I
this measure which he judged " necessary and I
expedient "
Sir, it is madf the imperative duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States by the Constitution:
"He shall [reading from the Constitution] from
time to time give to the Congress information of
the state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measures as he shall )udge ne-
cessary and expedient." This is his duty, not
by that pei missive word " may," but by that im-
perative word " shall," and not at thf beginning
only of a session, but" from time to time," at all
times proper, he is bound to do and perfoim this
imperatne duty. Now, sir, on the 3d of March,
1835, the last Congiess had been twice in session,
and in existence two years, and yet at the begin-
ning of neithei session, and at no time whatever
had he ever intimated even that the " state of the
Union "required an appropriation of three million
dollars He did not communicate any such " in-
formation" tothisCongiess1 Was the Executive
ignorant of the wretched condition of ourmeans of
defense' Did he not know the stai tling facts which
I have already disclosed in i elation to our fortifi-
cations, our ordnance, and our Navy' I say, sir,
they are too plain to be stumbled over by any-
body, andcertainly the Departments should be the
very souices of information on the subject. Theie
was, however, a go at deal of trouble in the wig-
wam last winter, when the i umors of war reached
the guardians of our safety. How will it be if
the tocsin of war be actually sounded ? The Pres-
ident was not ignorant of our condition; an appro-
priation was necessary without a speck of war in
the hoiizon, and his message to us this session is
proof furnished by himself that he deemed the
three million amendment necessary and proper
on the 3d of March, 1835, when he made no rec-
ommendation of the measure to Congiess, save
to you, sir, and you suppressed it, and, though
our French relations are in a woise condition than
then, he still made no recommendation of such an
appropriation, in thoit very message which says it
was nine months ago "in accordance with the
views of the Executive'"
A secret recommendation ' What, in the namp
of the safety of this Government, was íttobekept
secret for ' Was the direction to keep it secret
the direction of the President' Or was it the un-
authorized direction of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Polk -] This
question should be answered; one oi both must
be guilty, and one [Mr. Polk] is guilty whether
the other is or not' Would the chairman have
dared to withhold any item of the Executive will
which he was ordered to communicate' If he
failed, he was guilty of a flagrant deiehction of
duty to the Executive and his recommendation
And if he was ordered to " keep the will of the
Executive secret," and did so, he was false to the
House of Representatives, to the Constitution and
the country, and betiayed his tiust'
Sir, though the fortification bill had come to the
House fiom the Senate days and weeks before the
3d of Maicb, this three million amendmr nt was
kept back until the last hour Was it intended
tobe hurried through by ftarof the íesponsibility
to iefuse an appropriation for nominal defense,
when there was no time to think, and scaicely
time to act. Sn, I thought I had cleaily excused
myself for the vote I gave on this amendment,
but late information,such as I have discovered and
exposed to the House, makes it necessary forme
to say I will swear on the Holy Evangelists that
I never heard one word about the views of the
Executive in relation to this three million appro-
priation until the message of the President to this
Congiess; and never did. I know that the views
of the Executive were kept seciet until I had ob-
tained the written statement from my fiiend fiom
Tennessee, [Mi. Lea,] which I got fiom him
within the last foriy-eiglit houis' I knew a day
or so beforehand that such a proposition would
be made, but I thought it would be made, and was
made, on the lesponsibihty of the chauman of
the Committee of Foieign Affairs alone. 1 had
such infoimation as authonzi d me to \ote foi it
—information which veiy few, if any, membeis
besides had, foi it was not until the 3d of March,
aftei twelve o'elock at night, that 1 got in the
upon of the inspectoi of naval oidnance, which
had lieen never communicated to Congress, though
it had been lying in the office of the board of Navy
commissioners for near, or quite eighteen months,
through my honorable friend from Maryland,
[Mr. C. Johnson,] who made the report on the
national foundeiv I say I knew the wietched
condition of the Navy and of foitifications and I
voted for that amendment under the impression
that it was necessary for a state of peace as well
as for a state of war. But did I know that none
but a few select too's knew the real secret about
it' Did I know that two chairmen of the highest
committees knew the wishes and views of the
Executive, and had concealed them except from
a few as a secret' Did I dream that theie was
danger of this three millions becoming secret ser-
vice money' Sir, if had known or suspected any
thing like this, I would as soon have trampled
this Constitution—this work of our fathers, this
guarantee of our liberties, undei foot—have torn
it into atoms, or thrown it into that file, as I
would have voted for that amendment, appropii-
ating three millions for secret service' Both acts
would have been equally sacrilegious, and would
have done equal violence to the Constitution and
the country. But the secret was kept, and the
I House íemained ignorant of what it was doing.
Permit me, sir, it is due to myself, to give you
my impressions of this amendment at the time I
voted for it. Its form was not such, I confess,
as satisfied me, but, in the short space 1 had to
, view it, I was led to a construction which íecon-
I ciled me to vote for it. It is sufficient for my
justification, that my impressions of it weie
honest at the time, though I do not pretend to
say now whether my construction of it was light
or wrong There is no principle in the theory
of our Government moie vitally important, in my
estimation, than the principle of specific appro-
priations. During the whole of the last Con-
gress, I was constantly watchful to preserve that
principle as sacied to the freedom of the Consti-
I tution. It was jealously borne in mind by me,
J when called on to vote for tins amendment. I
read it carefully. [Here M r. W. read the amend-
ment.] In the usual language of appropriation,
this sum of $3,000,000 was " to be expended, in
whole or in part, under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States." I could not, or did
not at the time, regard this clause as extiaordi-
nary or improper, because I knew it merely
íecognized the distinct functions of Congress and
the Executive. Congiess, oriathei the legisla-
tive department, appropriates the public money,
and in ail cases, except that of the contingent fund
of the two Houses and some other minor excep-
tions, the Executive applies the appiopnation.
From the foundation of the Government, the
money appiopnated by Congress has been " ex-
pended," with oi without an expiess provision
to that effect, " under the direction of the Piesi-
dpnt,"orsomeoneofthe Executive Departments
This, then, roused no fear, no suspicion. Again:
this sum was to be expended "for the military
and naval service "
This was, I thought, too general, too indefinite
and latitudinous, it it had been alone, unrestrained
and unqualified, but it struck me, at the moment
that it was limited, restiained, and made more
specific, by the clause or phrase immediately suc-
ceeding, " including fortifications and ordnance,
and increase of the Navy " My construction
then was, that this three millions of the public
money was to be appropriated for " that pait of
themihtaiy and Navy services included undei the
heads of fortifications, ordnance, and increase of
the Navy " And, knowing that three millions
could will be ex|>ended on either object, that
either foitifications. oidnance, or increase of the
Navy would consume more than tluee millions,
and that the whole sum would be very inadequate
for all three objects, and not knowing which ob-
ject might lequire most of the appiopnation, I
saw no objection to leaving a discretion in the
application of the sum to those three objects, as
they might require it to be expended, upon a
pnnciple similar to that which authorizes the
tiansler of i suiplus of one fund to the deficiency
ot ¡uiothei fund, appropriated Such was my
wcrw of tins part of the amendment when it was
piopos'd—it is certainly plausible, though I am
now inclined to think it is ei roneous. I now fear
