1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
interference with the independence of the legisla-
tion ot Concuss I gave him, su, one pretty
strong case, but here is one still stronger. None
could be stronger. On the last night of the last
Connies'!, both Houses of Congress, I assert, and
ha\o proved, were not only ready and willing,
but anxiously endeavoring, to pass a law which
the President himself says, and which I admit
was verv ímpoitant to the public interests, with
laige mniouties in each in fivor of the law, and
tilt two Houses agreeing, by special conference,
and thevcouldnotand didnotgetthe bill through,
in consequence of the minions and pimps of the
Executive tampering with theirtoolsm the House
of Representan ves' Now, sir, if the gentleman
wants a stronger case than that, I cannot imagine
It I knows such was the fact; and though all "the
Government" should swear to the contrary, I
should know and believe the fact until the day of
my death. Is it to be borne that some twenty or
thirty of a trained band shad, by reducing us be-
low a quorum, reduce a majority of both Houses
of Congress below the foot of the Executive'
Shall we be thus interrupted in our business by
"a fiagmeot" or" the party," doing the bidding
of their idol' Is this an administration of the
Government in the spirit and letter of the Consti-
tution, which makes the legislative department
independent of the Executive, and intends that it
shall be a chock apon the Executive? Will the
people suffer this monstrous violence to the theory
and practice of their Government ' Oh1 that I
eould raise my voice to a pitch of remonstrance,
which could go forth throughout this land; which
could reach every hamlet, every home, and every
heart of the people; which could speak trumpet-
tongued to every man who has in his bosom a
spark of the spirit of the free' I would rouse a
resistance to tais misrule, this corruption, this
parricide of " the party," which would soon de-
termine whether the many or the few shall rule
the destinies of this Republic'                                  '
Su, the whole mass of power which is con-
ferred by the Constitution on all the departments
of this Government is nearly as great as the whole
powerof any Government or any civilized people.
But the theory of our Government so distributes
this power among different branches or depart-
ments as to check and counterbalance, restrain
and control each other mutually. Power with us
is so neutralized to do harm, and so well poised
to do good, in the theory of our Constitution,
that the Government was made free at the same
time it was made efficient. But,sir, the practice
of the Government has of late so perverted the '
theory of the Constitution, that, through corrup-
tion, we are fast becoming bound hand and foot,
and a single department is Absorbing the whole
nuns of power.
The principle of "the party" is now warring
upon one of tbecardinal principles ef the Consti-
tution, to keep separate, distinct, and independ-
bht the legislative and executive departments.
That principle, without which this Government
cannot remain free, is totally undermined by the ¡
policy of parties to elect legislators to support— ¡
that is, to do the will of—the President ?   Is there '
no jealousy of the Executive left >   No tsfrtt du
eorpf in Congress '   Gone! gone!
Sir, I must remind the House that on the Cum-
berland road bill there were one hundred and
seventy-four members present and voting. That
the very next vote there was—no quorum.
{Here Mr. W. read a list of the names of
members who voted on the Cumberland road bill,
and did not vote on the next vote or Moore and
Letcher resolution. There were 66 in number.
Of these, Van Buren men, 50; Opposition and for
White, 16.
On the Cumberland road bill there were 174
votes. Of these there were—Van Buren men, 87;
Opposition and for White, 87.
Parties were equal ornthat vote. On the Letcher
resolution there were 113 votes. Van Buren meiBj
33; Opposition and for White, 80 ]
Can this extraordinary desertion of Van Baren
men be accounted for but upon the supposition of
design ? And this, too, when it was known that
they were nearly all present in the House' While
the Opposition and White men had retained their
numbers to 7, there was a falling off of Van Buren
men of ¿4—54 out of 37!   While the Opposition
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
and White men continued in their places, giving
their votes until the close of the session, the Van
Buren men d id not again, except a small minority,
answer to their names
On Mr Jarvis's motion to adjourn there were
118 votes Van Buren men, 41, Opposition and
for White, 77
On Mr Carmichael's motion to adjourn there
were 111 votes Van Buren men, 39, Opposition
and for White, 7.2
Is not the conclusion irresistible that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Cambreleng] might, at any moment after his re-
turn from the conference, until the adjournment
of the House, by a nod or a whisper, have sum-
moned from their hiding-places a quorum, and
saved the loss of the foitification bill? Would
not Rhodeuo's men have risen up at the whistle'
Does not the gentleman from New York know
that he might at any time have had a quorum '
Did he exert himself to get a quorum' Did he
not, and did not you, Mr. Speaker, busily en-
deavor to persuade members who had conscien-
tious scruples, not to vote to make a quorum >
Did not Churchill C. Cambreleng protest, by
speech on the floor, (see Globe of the 5th March,
1835,) against the right to compel membcisto
answer the call for a quorum, when he all the
time was voting himself! DidnotMr. Barnnger
(of North Carolina) charge the intrigue at the
time, and offer to specify names  Was not Abijah
Mann, Jr., (of New York,) who refused to vote
on every question from the last quorum to the
adjournment, sitting in the House calling for the
yeas and nays, when attempts would be made to
get along without a call ' Did not Mr. Barnnger
tell him he had no right to call for yens and nays
as he said he was no longer a member; and did
he not claim to be as much a member as anybody'
Having pledged himself to vote for the Letcher
resolution, did he not inform Mr. Letcher he
eould not then vote for it ' And did not Letcher
reply, " I knew the Van Buren colts would slip
their bridles.'" When Samuel Beard ale y refused
to vote, did not the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Lea] move to expel hnn from
the House.' But there were nearly one hundred
and fifty members who actually voted upon the
three calls of yeas and nays alter twelve o'clock
at night. Different squads would come in and
vote at different times' The leaders—oh ' yes—
the leaders were all present; were they not here,
of course' That was one finesse, and the other
was to march and countermarch the followers, so
as that each one might claim to have voted. But
the proof is positive that there was a quorum act-
ually voting after the Cumberland road bill and
twelve o'clock, to the last, but voting at different
times! My name is among the number of those
who voted on the Cumberland road bill, and
failed to vote twice afterwards. Mr Gilmer's
conduct struck me, and 1 hesitated to vote until
I was satisfied by my colleague, [Mr. Mercer:]
and when I saw the miserable, infernal game
which was playing, I would have voted at all
ha&ards, and did vote, as the Journals will show
on the last vote of the session, to help make a
quorum and against adjournment. And now, sir,
what shall we say to these men of the immaculate
—the only patriotic men, who would not for the
World have had the fortification bill to fail' Shall
they not have meted out to them that measure of
vituperation which they have meted to the Sen-
ate ' Shall they not now be hunted down with
the furies and scorpions of abuse, not only for
fading to do a duty which was unpardonable in
the Senate, but for a knowingly willful, false ac-
cusation? Hurrah for such patriots! They are
for national defense! Oh,shame ! Oh, honesty!
Oh, truth!
Sir, the gentlemen have got into a hornet's nest
by troubling—impudently gasconading about the
fadure of that bill. They are bitten by their own
dogs! Oh! yes, the hoar had come for their
beautiful trick. I would ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ahams,] if he never signed
bills after twelve o'clock at night, on the last
night of the session, when he was President? i
Sir, I can prove by the manuscript minutes of I
yourClerk that there was a quorum in the House.
Here is a book, the title of which is " Twenty-
Tlurd Congress, second session—Minutes of the ,
House of Representatives " In this book we
find this entry on Tuesday, March 3, when the
main question was taken on the resolution to
compensate Robert P  Letchei*
" Yea« 11J, nays 3 No quorum—manv members de-
clined to answer, though standing at the Clerk « desk, be-
cause it was supposed to be pint twelve o'clock "
Only seven membeis were wanting then, hut
thiee afterwards to make a quorum, and many
members declined to answer ' Sir, there was
a quoium, and a quorum at the command of
"the party." Let it never hereafter be de-
nied.
[Mr W. then gave a summary and review of
material facts ]
Sir, what caused the Senate to send us that
message which I deem so respectful, and which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
deems so insolent' The Senate was warned of
treachery. When that special messenger, that
Senator, was seen dodging in and out—he was no
ghost—if one he is a very rtd-Jaced ghost—he is
a cogntac-lookingghost. [Here Mr. W. paused,
and glanced his eye around to see him in the
Hall ] The Senate was warned of treachery.
They then reminded the House of the report of
the conference. What less could that body do to
defend itself from the Machiavelian plot against
it' Was there such a spectacle ever exhibited
in this Capitol before as a trap set for one branch
of Congress' This message called out the Jesu-
itical excuse that the hour had come—there was
no quorum—" sorry, regretted very much, but
the Senate must take the responsibility'" Imme-
diately the plot revealed lttself. I hope that con-
dition of things, and this exposure, will stand a
solitary warning to " the party" not to jeopard
again the interests of the country by its low, ser-
vile tricks of corruption. " The party" wished to
say, by resolution, in reply, that we had finished
our business when this bill was untouched. Hour
after hour had the Senate politely waited for this
fortification bill to be sent to them for their con-
currence, and Mr. P. O. J. Smith moved to say to
them," We have completed our business!" And
at last the House did ignobly adjourn without
completing its business, including this bill. I
have not to take back one word of what I said
yesterday about the adjournment of the last Con-
gress. Except on one solitary question I shall
ever think of the last House of Representatives
with disgust. We had a President at the last
session bent, I think, on war. The House was
subservient, succumbing, and servile to his wishes
on every other question but that. The temperand
the example of the House on that question were
noble, and worthy of imitation for all time to
come. The gentleman from Massachusetts may
well claim it as one of the brightest achievements
of his civil career that he united us unanimously
in one of the noblest sentiments which ever ac-
tuated the patriot, however divided amongst our-
selves in our own household as brothers, to pre-
sentan undivided front to a foreign foe. We acted
wisely and temperately. And the real secret is,
the reason the Committee on Foreign Affairs did
not report sooner—not until the last moment, and
then in the form of that three-million amendment
—was that the chairman [Mr.CAMBRELEKc] dared
not report counter to the sense of the people on
the one side, or to the sense of the President on
the other. When we act wisely, though counter
to the President, the praise redounds to the Exec-
utive; and when anything wrong is done, no mat-
ter by whom, the Senate is now-a-days made the
seape-goat to bear all the sins of " the party" to
which they are so much opposed.
Before I conclude, sir, permit me to reply
briefly to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams.] That gentleman protests, with
great emphasis, against the accusation of syco-
phancy and man-worship to General Jackson!
We have fallen upon strange times. The times
have monstrously changed, and some of us have
changed with them. I am frequently at a loss,
sir, to determine which side of the question that
gentleman is on. At the last session, he made
one speech for war, another for peace, another
for war again; and, at last, I thought, was about
right. It has lately been said, and I believe ho
authorized it by a letter to the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Peakce,] that he has changed
