768
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abolition of Slavery—Mr. Pinckney.
Ho. or Reps.
his politics once more in his latter days. If so,
sir, 1 shall be glad ot it, for he has had tne fortune
a'uais, I believe, to prostrate his own tuends.
I shsfl rtioice, sir, for another, the best evidence
to Vuginia, North Caiolina, Georgia, and all the
Democratic States—all the old Democratic party—
wnere the old Federal States and the old Hart-
ford Convention Federalists are rallying' I be-
lieve no man knows his own kind better than the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, and I
know there is a great change, somehow or other,
in the old Jackson party. Sir, a new-fangled
Democracy has sprung up, and renegade -Fed-
eralists, of whom it has been said that " they
haunted the graves of such men as Hamilton and
Jay like vampires," are now among the present
Democrats in the land.
Tne gentleman saya his object in introducing
this resolution ía to arrive at truth, and to pro*
duce harmony between the two Houses of Con-
fresa. Sir, I fear his means will defeat his ends.
Ie will, by this resolution, reanimate and arm
the dead Hector, once, he saya, dragged around
the walla of this Capitol by the victorious Achilles.
Instead of an inquiry after truth, the business of
this committee will be to arraign the Senate of
the United Slates, and to break down that body,
which cannot stand much longer. It has with-
stood already more than I thought it could bear,
and I will not consent to apply another catapulta
to its walls. The gentleman will find himself
mistaken. Instead of harmony, he will array
House against House, and the legislative depart-
meat, divided agaiaat itself, must fall. The policy
of the Executive, when it means to consolidate
all power m itself, will ever be to divide and con-
quer. I will not aid the Executive against Con-
gress Instead of being united here, to a man,
against encroachments of the Executive, it seems
we are to be made ourselves the instruments and
the tools of Executive aggrandizement. Will
there never be any peace in the land until every
institution is prostrated to that one? I hope
the gentleman does not mean to enlist us in this
fatal and unprecedented war upon the Senate.
Sir, if J differed as widely as the polea from the
Senate on subjects of past differences, I would
now, ui these fearfol times of consolidating all
power m the Executive, endeavor to become rec-
onciled to that body, and to meet it on common
grounds of peace and harmony and united action.
Behold the spectacle of the two Houses of Con-
gress wrangling, to the destruction of each other,
upon the point of dispute which failed to do the
sovereign will and good pleasure of the Executive,
which will and good pleasure was never gra-
ciously made known to either. Would that be
the Congress which our fathers created by the
Constitution to be watchful and jealous of Exec-
utive power? They created us to be a check, to
preserve the equilibrium of power, and we «re to
quarrel about which shall yield most to a depart*
inent which at best is but coordinate! I say, sir,
such a Congres  a* some would make us ta not
the Congress which the founders of oar Govern-
ment intended, and, when we yield ouc jealous
independence, the Congress of the Constitution
will be dead, dead, dead' With the power of
appointing the judiciary t¡o decide upon law,and
with the power of controlling, by the bribes of
appointment, the legislators who are to enact the
laws, the President, if he will abuse his trusts, is
omnipotent, and the Govwmment is consolidated
in the .Executive. Oh I that I could, inspira my
fellow member* of this House, and the whole
American people, to rise up in- time against «c-
cessive Executive power! The time has coma
whan every man, in private life and in public,
when the high and the low, the rich and the poor,
should meet togeuher far the safety of the Govern-
ment. Whdbtithat hi at stake, let ua conciliate
and cheer each other, and say, it is not you of
the Senate, nor you of «he House of Represent-
atives whe have iwuned so grievously against the
country, it* laws, its Constitution, and the stnrit
of its institutions, but you, the minions of the
Executive!
Sir, I denounce the attempt to charge the loss
of the fortification bill upon the Senate, on bhd
part of those who make it, knowing it to be false 
to be a base fraud and imposition upon the coun-
try Í
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
SPEECH OF HON. H. L. PINCKNEY,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
Februanj 8, 1836,
On tbe resolution offered b> him rtlativo to tbe Abolition
of Havtrj
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
PrvcKNEY, of South Carolina, being under con-
sideration—
Rfohxi, That all the memorials which have been offered,
or stay hereafter be presentid to this House, praying for
the abolition of slavery in Hie District ot Columbia, and
aKo the resolutions offered bv an honorable member from
Mime, [Mr Jarvts ] with the amendment thereto pro
po~ed hv an honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
and every other paper ot proposition that nitty be ¡submitted
in relation to that subject, be referred to a select commit-
tee, with instruction- to report that Congre" po«se«se  no
contitutional authority to interfere in any way with tbe
nstitution ot slavery in ant of tin States of tins Confed.
eracy, and thai, iu the opinion of tins Ilou¡¡e? Congress
ought not lo interfere in any «aj with slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, because it would be h violation of the
public faith, unwise, impolitic, and dangerous to the Union;
assigning such reasons for these conclusions as, in the
judgment ot the comimttee, may be best calculated to en-
lighten the public mind, to repress agitation, to alliy ex
eitement. to sustain and preserve the just rights of the
slavehoMine States, and ot the people of this District, and
to reestablish harmony and tranquihny amongst the various
sections ot tlie Union .
Mr. PINCKNEY said he would not detaia the
House long. He had offered the resolution before
the House upon the most deliberate reflection, and
after consultation with several highly respected
and judicious friends, and because he honestly
believedut to be the very best coarse that coold
be adopted in relation to the dangerous and ex-
citing subject to which it refers. Mr. P. said
he was aware of the responsibility he assumed;
but, knowing that he was acting for the highest
good of the whole country, he was perfectly
ready and willing to encounter it. He was acting
for the true interests of his constituents, for the
true welfare of his native State, and of all the
South; and, he was neither afraid nor ashamed
to add, with a view to the peace and preservation
of the Union. But, because he had dared to
adopt this course, he had been bitterly assailed
by a certain print, (the Telegraph,) and that too
before he had even had an opportunity to assign
his reasons. Sir, (said Mr. P ,) let me say once
for all, that I am not to be driven by newspaper
assaults, or calumnious imputations upon my
motives, from my settled convictions of public
duty, nor from my determined purpose to take
high and patriotic ground upon this subject, and
to prevent it, as far as I am able to do so, from
being made a perpetual source of agitation, to
the ruin of the South, and the destruction of the
Union. I have no fear that the assaults to which
I have alluded will injure me in the estimation of
the citizens of Charleston. My constituents have
known me long, and they know me well. They
know that I am utterly incapable of being tempted ;
to desert my duty to litem, in any matter in which
their rights or interesta are involved; and they will
spurn the base imputation upon me, as an insult to
themselves. But I do plead gailty to the heinous
accusation of desiring harmony—of desiring to
produceasafe antLadvantageougand honorable ad*
justroent of this question. But bow, Mr. Speaker?
By evading the resolutions offered by the honor*
able members from Maine and Virginia, as I am
charged W4th.douig  Norsirt ail who kaow me,
eaiber here or jn South Carolina, know that I
never have evaded or avoided aay vote or any
question, upon which it has ever been-my duty
to act a* a public representative. It  not my
nature; it is not my character. I would disdain
te aforinkírom an opon avowal of my sentiments
or retard of my vote upon any question whioh
any gentleman could make before tbis House.
How then, nr' By retracing ground already
gained, and yiejding.aa advantage obtained from
the enemy i No, sir; for I know of no gromd
gutned^-ofno advantage obtained; but I am decid-
edly of opinion, on the contrary, that we have
lost ground daily, by the course-that has been
punsued, and that toe shall Jose wore a*i mate, the
longer it is persisted im This accusation, then,
is absurd.  ihaveeíadadne<hi^iJiaj e jielde¿
| nothing.    I deny the imputation, and every vile
1 insinuation connected with it.
[ But, sir, I do desne harmony—by producing
harmonious, united, and efficient action — by
taking higher ground than has yet been token—
by covering the whole field—by bringing up the
mam question, and acting upon that, and by doing
what no one else has yet attempted to do__by
procuring a d  ect vote and a pi act i cal result, upon
THE WHOLE SUBJECT OF THE ABOLITION OF SLA-
VERY! This is my object, sir. And I am to be
denounced for tins! Are my constituents to be
incited to suspect me, because I am honestly
endeavoring to bring this distracting controversy
to the very best issue of which it is susceptible?
Is it treason to the South, sir, that this House
should declare, by a solemn and deliberate vote,
that Congress possesses no constitutional au-
thority to interfere with slavery in any of the
States' Is it treason to the South, that this
House should declare, by a solemn and delibérate
vote, that Congress ought not, and will not, inter-*
fere, in any way, with slavery in the District of
Columbia, because tt would be a violation of the
jraolte faith, and dangerous to the Union? Has
such a point at this ever been gained before i Has
erer8uch a vote been taken,or suoh a declaration
made, as this' Is it treason to the South to wish
to allay excitement, and to repress agitation ? Is
it treason to the South that a committee should
be ordered to draft a report, as ably as they
Can, to secure and maintain the just rights of the
shareholding States, and of the people of thi 
District, on the one side, and at the sane time
to restore concord and tranquillity amongst the
various seetiona of this Confederacy, on the
other? If this be treason to the South, air, let
my constituents judge me. I am responsible to
them—'but to no individual, be he wht he may. If
this be treason to the Union, let the people of
America decide; for I cheerfully acknowledge
that, as a citizen of the Union, I am also respons-
ible to them. But, at all events, however 1 may
be denounced for my audacity, in having acted
thus, I have the consolation to know that the
propositions I have offered meet the cordial appro-
bation of many members from the South, than
whom there are no purer patriots, or more de-
voted southerners, upon this üoor. Several of
them have said that they would have rejoiced if
this very course had been adopted at the beginning
of the session; and I have every reason to believe
that it will now be sustained by tbe almost undi-
vided vote of the whole southern delegation. What,
then,Mr. Speaker! am I, and all the southern
delegates who act with me, are all of us traitors?
and is the individual who has assailed me the
only man who understands the interests, or cares
for the rights and honor of the South >
But, sir, I feel that I ought to ask pardon of the
House for speaking in this manner. It is exceed -
ingly painful to me tospeakof myself at anytime,
or in any place, but especially before so respect-
able and enlightened an assembly as this; but, in
justice to myself, Icould nothave avoided it upon
the present occasion. Sir, I will only trouble the
House with one or two observations more. I
wish my constituents to understand my motives.
It is my duty, as the Representative of the people
of Charleston, to render an account to them of
everything that I may say or do in my public
capacity) and I wash them to understand me dis-
tinctly that they may judge me correctly, and
especially before any false impressions may have
been created in their minds. I «ay, then, Mr.
Speaker, that I have three great objects in offer-
ing this resolution. ThefLrstis, as taras possible
to arrest the discussion of tbe subject of slavery
within these walls, which I believe to be useless,
worse toa  useless, pernicious to the South  and
dangerous to thewhole country. The second *s, to
bring the whole subject of the abolition of shivery
to a practical result, in a manner safe and advan-
tageous to the South, satisfactory to the North,
and calculated also to tranquiliae the country and
to confirm the Union. My last object is, (and this
indeed substantially includes the whole,) to put
down the Bpwitof fanaticism, lo repress the spirit
of incendiary agitation, by disseminating through-
out the counti y a calm and temperate report, ema-
nating from this body having the high sanction
of the JNaUonai JLegul&ture, and calculated, both
