1336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Webster.
Senate.
In its o\\ n argument-? and the high source from
w Inch ítisMit >•, to piodtite that sound and rational
state of publu. opinion in the non-slaveholding
Slates, which is equally due to the South and to
the piKtrvation of the Union; and for this great
purpose, sir, I would cover the whole giound. I
would embrace the States, as well as the District
ot Columbi i I know no reasonable objection to
doins so, and it is justified bv precedent. It is
the \<-T\ course that was adopted by Congress in
the memorable i (.solution of 1790, a couise that
was sustained (I believe proposed) by the vener-
able Madison, and that received the unanimous
sanction ot the whole southern delegation of that
day; and i can see no reason why the samo course
should not receive the unanimous sanction of the
whole southern delegation now In my humble
judgment, it is the only couise by which we can
brinj this mattei to an advantageous issue. Hith-
erto we have been fighting about mere abstrac-
tions. Hitherto we have been contending about
tne n^lit ot petition, and other minor and unim-
poiiant points We have been wasting our ener-
gies, and losinsr ground, upon a false i«sue, an
issue upon which we never can arrive at a prac-
tical result, an issue upon which the whole North
js united, and the South is divided—and the very
debate upon winch (so far from doing the least
good) only increases the spiut of abolition at the
North, inflames excitement at the South, and is
daily widening the breach between the different
members of the Union.
Isow, sir, I am for overstepping these minor,
abstract points, and taking higher ground I am
for taking the question upon the whole subject
I would let the right of petition alone, as no way
material to the true issue. I would have a broad
and comprehensive declaration, that Congress pos-
sesses no autho'ity over slavery, hei e or elsewhere, and
«nil not interfere xcith tt m «mj way iehatever Is
not this the tiue position for the South, sir' I
think it is, and my constituents, too, (all of whom
owns/arcs,) will think upon it, too Sir, the Ab-
olitionists aim at genera/ emancipation, no candid
man can doubt it or deny it All their writings
and publications prove it. You cannot read the
proceedings of a single anti-slavery society, oi a
single production of the incendiary press, with-
out being thoroughly convinced that they con-
template abolition in the Slates as their grand
ultimate object, and that they never will be satis-
fied with anything short of it, as long as they
have the slightest shadow of a hope. Now, sir,
I would meet them, and defeat them, at once and
forever, upon that I consider that we do but
little, if we do not crush their hopes in relation
to the States There can be no doubt that all
their attempts to procure abolition in the District
are, that it may constitute a foundation for their
general scheme. They regard it _as an entering
wedge, by which they may carry on their opera-
tions afterwards to an indefinite extent. Give
them this District as a lever, and they will never
cease until they bring this Government to act
upon the States I would, therefore, cut off all
their hopes at once, as regards the States, by say-
ing to them, plainly and distinctly, that tlm Gov-
ernment possesses no power whatever by which
they could be aided in their views. Satisfy them
that they have no hope in relation to the States,
and they will soon cease to trouble us in relation
to the District. But, " to make assurance doubly
sure," I would also extinguish their hopes as
regards this District I would meet them at every
point, and put them down on all. I would say to
them, that, so far from ever obtaining the aid of
this Government in their designs upon the States,
they shall never be permitted to even obtain a foot-
hold here. They shall never be permitted to use
this District for the purpose of convulsion and
disunion. And surely, if anything on earth can
repress the spirit of incendiary agitation, such
proceedings on the part of this House must pro-
duce that effect And not only that, it will not
only tend, as 1 firmly believe, to check and re-
press the fanatics, but, what is still more import-
ant, it will tend, powerfully and irresistibly, to
produce a high-toned, generous patriotism, an
enlarged, magnanimous, American spirit, in the
great body of the non-slaveholding States, emi-
nently favorable to the cause of peace, and to the
constitutional rights and interests of the southern
No. 49
States Only let this House adopt the course in- |
dicatcd in the resolutions I have offered, and, my
life upon it, they will be sustained by every hon-
est heart, by every true American patriot, in
every non-slaveholding State of this great Re-
public
Now, sir, this is the very result I desire to pro-
duce. The battle of abolition is to be fought, not
at the South, but in the non-slaveholding States.
The people of the non-slaveholdmg States are di-
vided into two classes—the incendiaiy fanatics
who are plotting our destruction and the destruc-
tion of this Union, and the great body of the
people, who respect the rights and feelings of
their southern brethren, and are doing all that
they can to put the fanatics down What, then,
is our policy' To make a new issue upon ab-
stract points—to change the whole aspect of the
question, by contending against the right of peti-
tion, and thus increase abolition, and drive our
supporters from the field' No, sir. I would
strengthen our friends,not weaken them I would
let them fight the Abolitionists in their own way,
and not hamper or trammel them by making new
contests, or creating new difficulties of any kind
whatever. And I do firmly and conscientiously
believe that, if this course is adopted, they will
succeed in putting the fanatics down, and in put-
ting an end to this most unnatural war These,
then, are my motives These are my objects. I
go for the suppreision of aholüion. I go to main-
tain the just rights of the South, without invad-
ing the rights of others. I go to obtain a direct
vote upon the whole subject of the abolition of
slavery, without being involved in constitutional
contests upon any othet points In one word, I
go for a decisive settlement of this question in the
manner that I honestly think will best maintain
the rights of the South, and the peace and per-
petuity of this Union. And, as I do sincerely
believe that the adoption of my resolutions,
accompanied by a firm but temperate report, will
produce these blessed results, so I shall esteem
myself truly happy if I shall be the humble in-
strument of giving effectual and permanent repose
to the South, (to which I am attached by every
tie that can bind the heart of man to his natal
soil,) and also accomplish the great object of
placing this Union once more upon a firm and
solid and immovable foundation.
LOSS OF THE FORTIFICATION BILL
SPEECH OF HON. D. WEBSTER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
Ik Senate, January 14, 1836,                  j
On the subject of the Three Million Appropriation, and the
loss ot the appropriation bill for Fortifications of the last
session
Mr WEBSTER said- It is not my purpose to
make any remarks on the state of our affairs with
France The time for that discussion has not
come, and I wait We are in daily expectation
of a communication from the President, which
will give us light, and we are authorized to expect
a recommendation by him of such measures as
he thinks it may be necessary and proper for
Congress to adopt. I do not anticipate him I
do not forerun him. In this most important and
delicate business, it is the proper duty of the Ex-
ecutive to go forward, and I, for one, do not in-
tend either to be drawn or driven into the lead.
When official information shall be before us, and
when measures shall be recommended upon the
proper responsibility, I shall endeavor to form the
best judgment I can, and shall act according to its
dictates.
I rise now for another purpose. This resolu-
tion has drawn on a debate upon the general con-
duct of the Senate during the last session of
Congress,and especiallyin regard to the proposed
grant of the three millions to the President on the
last night of the session My main object is to
tell the story of this transaction, and to exhibit
the conduct of the Senate fairly to the public
view. I owe this duty to the Senate I owe it
to the committee with which I am connected, and
although whatever is personal to an individual is
generally of too little importance to be made the i
subject of much remark, I hope I maybe permit-
ted, in a matter in regard to which there has been
so much misrepresentation, to say a few words
for the sake of defending my own reputation.
This vote for the three millions was proposed
by the House of Representatives as an amend-
ment to the fortification bill, and the loss of that
bill, three millions and all, is the charge which
has been made upon the Senate, sounded over all
the land, and now again renewed I propose to
give the true history of this bill, its origin, its
progress, and its loss.
Before attempting that, however, let me remark,
for it is worthy to be remarked, and remembered,
that the business brought before the Senate last
session, important and various as it was, and both
public and private, was all gone through, with
most uncommon dispatch and promptitude No
session has witnessed a more complete clearing
off and finishing of the objects before us. The
communications from the other House, whether
bills or whatever else, were especially attended to
in proper season, and with that ready respect
which is due from one House to the other. I
recollect nothing of any importance which came
to us from the House of Representatives, which
was here neglected, overlooked, or disregarded.
On the other hand, it was the misfortune of the
Senate, and, as I think, the misfortune of the
country, that, owing to the state of business in
the House of Representatives towards the close of
the session, several measures which had been ma-
tured in the Senate, and passed into bills, did not
receive attention, so as to be either agreed to or
rejected, in the other branch of the Legislature.
They fell, of course, by the termination of the
session
Among these measures may be mentioned the
following*
The Post Office Reform Bill, which passed
the Senate unanimously, and of the necessity for
which the whole country is certainly now most
abundantly satisfied,
TheCustom-House Regulations Bills, which
also passed nearly unanimously, after a very la-
borious preparation by the Committee on Com-
merce, and a full discussion in the Senate,
The Judiciary Bill, passed here by a majority
of thirty-one to five, and which has again already
passed the Senate at this session with only a sin-
gle dissenting vote;
The bill indemnifyingclaimantsforFrench
spoliations before 1800;
the bill regulating the deposit of the pub-
lic moneys in the deposit banks,
The bill respecting the tendré of certain;
offices, and the power of removal from of-
FICE, which has now again passed to be engrossed
in the Senate by a decisive majority
AH these important measures, matured and
passed in the Senate in the couise of the session,
and many others whose importance was less,
were sent to the House of Representatives, and
We never heard anything more from them They
there found their graves.
It is worthy of being remarked, also, that the
attendance of the members of the Senate was re-
markably full, particularly towards the end of the
session. On the last day every Senator was m
his place till very near the hour of adjournment,
as the Journal will show. We had no breaking
up for want of a quorum, no delay, no calls of
the Senate; nothing which was made necessary
by the negligence or inattention of the members
of this body. On the vote for the $3,000,000,
which was taken out at about eight o 'clock in the
evening, forty-eight votes were given, every mem-
ber of the Senate being in his place and answer-
ing to his name This is an instance of punctu-
ality, diligence, and labor, continued to the very
end of an arduous session, wholly without exam-
ple or parallel.
The Senate, then, must stand, in the judgment
of every man, fully acquitted of all remissness,
all negligence, all inattention, amidst the fatigue
and exhaustion, of the closing hours of Congress.
Nothing passed unheeded, nothing was over-
looked, nothing forgotten, and nothing slighted.
And now, sir, I would proceed immediately to
give the history of the fortification bill, if it were
not necessary, as introductory to that history, and
as showing the circumstances under which the
