
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 14, 1861.

JOHN E. WARD, Esq., Savannah, Ga.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant. * It has given the Department pleasure to comply with your request by giving you a passport for the purpose indicated by you, and by furnishing Mr. Spooner with the desired permit to transfer your baggage and effects to Savannah.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHEAST VIRGINIA, Numbers 5. Arlington, June 14, 1861.

Unless under the special orders in each case of a commander of brigade or superior authority it is forbidden to any officer or soldier within this department to arrest or attempt to arrest any citizen or citizens under the plea of their being secessionists, or for any cause whatsoever save that of being at the time in arms against the United States. Nor will any officer or soldier without the like authority forcibly enter, search or attempt to search any house or the premises of any peaceable resident or other persons not in arms against the United States. The military or police force will arrest any one found treaspassing even on the premises of any citizen without the department.

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, June 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The election passed without disorder but the fact is not a just indication of the spirit of the city. Active demonstrations on the part of secessionists can only be suppressed by constant readiness of our forces. We need greatly some assistance here.

First. Authority to establish a home guard. There are many good Union men here who are ready to enter the service, and we have arms for them which have been taken from ill-disposed persons. They can be deposited at the custom-house under guard of our troops so as to make secure their possession. This will give occupation to the Union men and confidence to the loyal portion of the city. I think it will be prudently and safely managed.

Second. We need a corps of cavalry to suppress the contraband trade on the back roads leading southward. We have not now a mounted orderly by whom to send a message even to the city. Some assistance of this kind is indispensable. The infantry can well command the railways. I have written to Mr. Secretary Chase to loan us the service of a revenue cutter for a brief period by which we could control this trade upon the river and bay. To cut off the contraband is to deprive Baltimore of the support now given publicly to the secession spirit and strip the rebel army of its most useful supplies. I beg you to think of this subject and give us prompt aid.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

