
On the whole case Her Majesty's Government are of opinion that the grave facts as to Mr. Shaver's detention, ill usage and imprisonment remain wholly without excuse or modification, and even if your reliance on the statements of the U. S. officials as to the tratment of Mr. Shaver after his arrest be justified this would, it seems to her Majesty's Government, merely tend to show some possible exaggeration not unnaturla or inexcusable under the circumstances on Mr. Shaver's part as to some points of detail which are not really of much importance to the substance of the case and as to which the felings and observations of prisoners are apt to be more acute than those of the officers who hold them in custody.

Her Majesty's Government have indeed been strengthened by the information which they have now obtained in the opinion which I expressed to you by their order in my note of the 26th of April last, and they have accordingly directed me to stae to you that they consider the claim of Mr. Shaver for redress and compensation to be fully established.

I beg you to be so good as to send me back the ten origanl documents inclosed in this note.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 7, 1863.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 3rd instant relative to the case of Mr. John G. Shaver. In reply I have the honor to acquaint you that a reconsideration of the subject shall cheerfully be entered into.

I have the honor to be, my lord, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 7, 1863.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &c.

MY LORD: The same depositions show also with sufficient certainty that in a technical sense Shaver has retained a domicile in Canada; but they do not at all disprove the fact of continuous residence, occupation and activity in the United States as a citizen or resident thereof which has beeen set forth by the undersigned in his previous communications on the subject. He was so residing and engaged at Louisville in Kentucky at the time of his arrest. upon this point we have the corroboration of a public advertisement for the year 1861 which was extensively distributed and posted by Shaver himself throughout the Southwestern and Western States with a view to attract travelers in those quarters to the Grand Trunk Railway. This notice was specially addessed to

