
addressed to Lieutenant Parker, a prisoner there, and thinks Shaver told him he intended to visit Richmond, which is a principal seat of insurrectionary operations. Thus it appears that he was preparint without the consent of the authorities of the United States to visit the insurrectionary region and even towns and posts held by the insurgents, and claiming to enjoy facilities for free and unrestricted intercourse and with facilities for travel which were strictly prohibited; and to these suspicious outgivings he recklessly added invitations to others to hoin him and the offer to carry forbidden correspondence.

Albert Davis makes a deposition to the effect that he met Shaver in Detroit about October 16, 1861, and that they traveled thence together to Quebec. Daves says: Between Detroit and Toronto he asked me, "What is your business?" I replied, "I have got papers to deliver to one of our Southern Confedracy on board the steamer Norwegian. " He replied, "God, I am in the same business. " "The devil you are, " I replied; "I thought you was the agent of the Grand Trunk Railroad. " He then said, "So I am, and that helps me; on that account no one would suspect me. " Davis proceeds; When the U. S. vessel (I think the Anglo-Saxon by name) arrived from England, at Quebec, we met on board of her, and then fell in company with John Mure, of new Orleans; H. A. nesbit, of Georgia, member of the rebel Congress, and General Magruder, of the rebel army. We also met at Montreal. Then he (Shaver) told me that he could get $5,000 for delivering what he had and that he intended to make it. I told him that he might be caught. He replied, "They can't catch me; I am smarter than any Americans. " Davis further says: I saw him for the were leaded, with what I cannot say. I asked him if he had all his fixings. He replied, "Yes, I have. "

The undersigned regards these proofs as establishing all the statements in regard to John G. Shaver contained in the note of the unersigned of the 30th of May last except the statement relating to Shaver's trunk and his avowal that he had parcels in some express office which he expected to receive to carry South, and that the empty trunk was to be used for the purpose of packing same. The affidavvits upon which those statements were made have been mislaid and they are not available at this moment. But Shaver admits the fact that the trunks which he carried when coming North were light and when going South were heavy.

His explanation of the matter that he carried trunks filled with railroad tickets on each trip to Louisville which were disposed of before his return seems unreasonable and does not gain credit with the undersigned. His further statement that on every occasion of his going South these trunks were searched, if it could be believed without proof, would raise a presumption that being searched at the military border and found free forme contraband they were really intended to be filled up at express offices on the way with articles of illicit commerce.

In conclusion the undersigned is obliged toregard the precautinary arrest of John G. Shaver as one which was properly made, in view of the circumstances of the cas; and his complaints of undergoing rigor and hardsip as being without ju

The undersigned avails himself of the opportunity to renew to Lord Lyons the assurances of his high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

P. S. -Pursuant to his request the deposition which accompanied Lord Lyons' note is now returned.

