
of the United States and they have accordingly directed me to inform you that such is their opinion.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration, sir, your obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 27, 1863.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 23rd instant in which a representation is made of the views of Her Majesty's Government touching the case of Mr. John G. Shaver and to inform you that it will be taken into consideration. *

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to your lordship the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM HUNTER,

Acting Secretary.

List of papers sent to Judge Hale October 16, 1872. +

Numbers 1. Letter from A. G. Davis to William H. Barse dated Quebec, October 12. Charges Shaver with being engaged in carrying arms, &c., to rebels in New Orleans.

Numbers 2. Telegram from W. H. Barse to W. H. Seward informing him of the arrest of Shaver. Says he found sufficient evidence on his person to sustain the charge.

Numbers 3. Letter of Superintendent Kennedy to Mr. Seward. Mr. K. thinks Shaver innocent and ought to be released. Incloses a letter found on Shaver when arrested.

Numbers 4. Letter from J. W. Howes (vice-consul, Toronto) dated October 23, 1861, to W. H. Barse informing him that Shav er had said that he was to carry parcels South, &c.

Numbers 5. Letter from Robert Murray, U. S. marshal, to Mr. Seward, New York, October 25, 1861. Suggests that Shaver be released upon taking an aoth of neutrality.

Numbers 6. J. R. Giddings, U. S. consul-general, Montreal, November 2, 1861, to Mr. Seward. States that Shaver is a British subject; that Shaver had carrid arms to rebels in Mississippi.

Numbers 7. Telegram from Consul-General Giddings to Mr. Seward, Montreal, November 12,1 861. Says that Shaver is regarded as a spy and that he should be held a prisoner.

Numbers 8. Affidavit af Albert Davis (detective), Washington, November 19, 1861. Swears as to conversations with Sgaver who stated that he was engaged in carrying arms, &c., to rebels South.

Numbers 9. Oath of neutrality signed at Fort Warren, Boston, by Shaver, dated January 6, 1862.

Numbers 10. Detroit, May 15, 1862. Report of W. H. Barse as to cause of arrest of Shaver and transmits numerous papers showing guilt of Shaver.

---------------

*Not further action appears to have been taken in this case.

+This memorandum on the files in the State Department describes many documents that are not now found among the papers relating to Shaver's cas, and it is believed they were never returned to the Department. -COMPILER.

---------------

