
and before the arrival of the ship at Panama General Sumner placed Brent under arrest, but subsequently accepted his parole to remain at the New York Hotel after his arrival at that port subject to the orders of the Secretaryo of State. After his arrival at New York and on or about the 15th of November, 1861, he was arrested by the superintendent of police by direction of the Department of State, and on the 18th of the same month by like directionhe was placed in confinement at Fort Lafayette. Brent was known to be a sympathizer with the rebels and was believed to entertain the purpose of joining them in the insurrectionary States. His arrest was deemed a necessary measure of precaution. An orrder was issued from the Department of State dated November 30, 1861, directing CColonel Burke to relase Brent on his parole not to do any act hostile or injurious to the Union nor enter nor correspond with persons residing in any of the insurrectionary Sttates and to report himself to the State Department in Washington for ecplanationand to remain thereafter on parole subject to the dicision of the Secretery of State. He was accordingly released December 2, 1861, and this parole was in force on the 15th of February, 1862,* when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department, &amp;c. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

NEW YORK, October 3, 1861.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

Would it be desirable to hold ex-Senator Gwin should he arrive from California:

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent of Police.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 4, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq., Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: Your telegram relative to the arrest of Senator Gwin has been received. In reply I have to inform you that the subject has not yet been decided upon. If it should be determined to make the arrest you will be duly apprissed.

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP SANCASTER,

Bay of Panama, October 5, 1861.

Brigadier-General SUMNER,

Steamer Orizaba, Panam Bay, New Granadda.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am happy to say there will be no military opposition offered to your progress across the Isthmus. It is possible the civil authorities may make a demand for the liberation of your prisoners with a view to affording grounds fro a protest to our Government, which I have no doubt will be duly forwarded. I would advise you, however, to be upon your guard against any attempt to rescue your prisoners by the black population in the neighberhood of the depot. I regret that the lateness of the hour will deprive me of the pleasure of seeing you again priorr to your early departure in the morning.

Wishing you, my dear sir, a safe and pleasant passage to the United States, I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. B. MONTGOMERY.

---------------

*But see memorandum of Seward of December 10, at p. 1020.

---------------

