
They then demanded the protection of the captain of the ship, which he informed them of his inability to furnish. No further obstacle being place in the way of the order I delivered all the papers into your custody as commander of the troops. One of the trunks, belonging I think to Mr. Benham, had ben chaecked through to New York some hours sbefore and some delay was occasioned by its being covered up in the hold by a mass of baggage. I do not believe that the trunks and valises, numbering six in all, were opened or any papers removed after I received the order. It is unnecessary for me to add that the examintaion was as thorigh as my lack of experience enabled me to make it and that it was conducted with the courtesy and delicacy due to the service which we represent and to the presence of so largee a number of respectable citizens and ladies who are our fellow-passengers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. JUDD,

Captain, Third Artillery.

STEAMSHIP CHAMPION, At Sea, November 14, 1861.

We severally give our word of honor that on our arrival at New York we will establish ourselves at the New York Hotel (Broadway), where we will continue to reside subject to the order of the Secretary of State until we shall have received notice of the Government's intention in regard to us; during which time we will make no effort to avoid our arrest.

WM. M. GWIN.

CALHOUN BENHAM.

J. L. BRENT.

NEW YORK, November 14, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

Mr. Calhoun Benham and Doctor Gwin are expected to arrive from California to-night. Have you any order to give me?

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

[Indorsement.]

Detain them on parole till General Sumner reports.

F. W. S.

NEW YORK, November 15, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

Doctor Gwin, Mr. Benham and J. L. Brent arrived this morning. General Sumner arrested them on the passage and has released them on parole to remain in New York subject to disposition by the State Department. General Sumner goes on to-night.

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent of Poloce.

NEW YORK, November 16, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

Gwin, Benham and Brent are now in custody. Do you mean they shall be released?

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent of Police.

