
out delay have the Roman privilege of meeting his accusers face to face with full opportunity to disprove false charges. the nation needs all its friends and noens hould be alienated who are willing and desirous to serve the country's cause.

Beleive me to be, sir, yours, very respectfully,

JAMES L. MERRICK.

Case of John F. Parr.

On the 26th of October, 1861, A. G. Stevens, deputy U. S. marshal at Buffalo, N. Y., wrote to the State Department charging that this person [John F. Parr], a resident of Nashville, Tenn., was in Buffalo, gaving made now a second visit to that city and to New York to byy goods to take to Tennessee and to induce his brothers to serve in the rebel army and to act as a spy. His first visit had been four or five weks earleir and he had then taken one or more brothers with him to Tennessee who he said entered the rebel army on arriving ther. The deputy marshal aforesaid was immediately directed to arrest the said Parr and convey him to Fort Lafayette, which was done. the arrest was made October 30, 1861. Parr after his arrest acknowledged that he had purchased property in New York to take to Nashville, saying he intended to wait, holding it in readiness to go when communications should be allowed. He refused to state what the property was or where it was. Afterward the Department was informed that a trunk was seized in Buffalo supposed to belong to Parr containign a considerabel quantity of quinine maarked "William Leonard" and forwarded from New York by the Amirican Express Company, arriving at Buffalo October 31, 1861. Also that proceedings were instituted by the U. S. district attorney for the northern district of New York for the confiscation of said trunk and contents, but no result of such proceediings has been learned. At one time after his arrest Parr informed the Department that the had appealed to the British minister for protection as a British subject, but in all his correspondence traDepartment by his brother to show his loyalty he speaks of his opinion and his position in regard to public questions as if he was a citizen of the United States, declaring what vote he meant to give on the question of convention or no cinvention in Tennessee and what delegate he intended to vote for. It also appears that he has resided in Nashville for some fifteen years. On the 13th of February, 1862, Parr was ordered to be released on his parole neither to enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United Ssstates Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those thing hostile to the United States during the present incurrection. He was therefore released on the 16th day of February, 1862. -From Record Book, State Department. "Arrest for Disloyalty. "

FORT LAFAYETTE,

New York Harbor, [November 23 or 24, 1861].

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I take the liberty of adddressing this appeal to you. Hoping you will show that forbearance that is due me under the circumstances I demand your attention. I am not positive of the charges against me.

