
From the best I could learn there were two. One was I aided my brothers to join the Southern army. that is false. I have only one brother in the South. He has been there seven years and he is under age and going to school. I offered to bring him home, but he refused as he could stay without being interfered with by the army.

The other [charge] is I was buying goods to take Soth. Well, sir, I admit I bought some things, but I had no removed them out of the Sstate and, sir, I pledge my word it was not my inention to violate the laws of the land. The things I had use for I could buy them in the Sough, bu tI could get them cheaper here although that was not my business here. It was a family matter. I am no secessionist and never took sides or derived any benefit from it. It has been a great damage to mee. if it is necessary I will prove it to you and can satisfy you I have worked for the Union and, sir, if my proclivities were any other way I would never come North. I came to bring a brother home. That I have done. I kept my own affairs and business to myself. That made over officious ones think because I did not talk and tell a great deal that I was secesh all over; but, sir, I think there is a mistake made in me. My all is in the South. It was my duty to be careful. If I am not for the Union there is no Union men in the South. I am an Englishman by birth; so was my father. Neither of us were ever naturalized.

I wish you to take my case into consideratio, and you will oblige, yours,

J. F. PARR.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 26, 1861.

SETH C. HAWL

SIR: Herewith I inclose the papers on file in this Department in the case of John F. Parr. Will you please examine them, taking such other evidence as may be found and return these inclosures to me with your report thereon?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

NEW YORK, December 18, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: On examining the papes sent from your Department in the case of John F. Parr and the testimony received from Buffalo I have found that when the officers arrested him they had no grounds to stand upon beyond the fact that his hom was in tennessee. After he was arrested and on the way to Fort Lafayette he admitted that he had then recently purhcased goods in New York and refused to say what they were or where they were. This exhibited a guilty knowledge. He is a good natured man, of infirm purpose. In my interview with him he informed me that his purchase was quinine and that he shipped it to Buffalo. I have put our detectives on the track and shall probably find it. I think it will turn out that he shipped it to an assumed name or the name of a third party, which will give a bad aspect to his case. I write you this to explain the delay and to prevent any possible discharge of the prisoner until his case can be more completely worked up.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. C. HAWLEY.

