
Alonzo, one of Mr. Posey's servants, stated on examination that Mr. Posey, Mr. Tom Lozieer, Mr. Linton, Frank Wedge (a free colored man), Fido and himself went over the river after shad barrels; that Mr. Posey saw a steamer and told them to row fast; that they got over to the lower side of the wharf; that after they got over the steamer came over; that they drew their boat up into a little inlet, when Mr. Posey went up to the head boss of some soldieers that were over there and got them to come down and hide in a little clump of pines there was there so as to fire at the steamer's men if they should come there; that he told him (Alonzo) to hide being the house out of the way of the shots; that he told the men to got near enough to fire upon them; that there were some twenty-five or thirty of the soldiers; that this was about the last of shad time (middle of May).

Frank Wedge, a free colored man, stated on examination that he had been at work for mr. Posey since the 24th of May; that they went aross after some shad berrels the first day he (Posey) hiered him; that they saw a steamer while going across; that after they landed on the other side Mr. Posey went up to Mr. Evans' house and on coming back told them to haul the boat up into the inlet, which they did; that then a parcel of soldiers came down and went into a bunch of pines; that Mr. Posey told them (his men) to go behind a hill; that they staid there until the steamer came up; that she laid there and blowed her whistle and the Pawnee came down; that the company that went over after the first barrels was composed of Mr. Radccliff, Tom De Lozier, Tom Davis (free colored man), Mr. Linton, Fido and Alonzo, beside Mr. Posey and himself; that they had three boats.

Theodore Neff, familiarly called Fido, stated on examination that he was about twenty years of age; that his occupation was that of a laborerr; that he first came to live with Mr. Posey some time in May; that they went across the river after shad barrels about the middle of the month; that four boats went across; that the company consisted of himself and Isasc (a colored boy), Mr. Posey and a colored boy, Mr. Lozier and George Lozier (brothers); that Mr. Linton saw a tug as they were going over-a tug with a red smoke stack; that he (Fido) saw some fifteen or twenty soldier across the river; that they had on gray uniforms; that they came out back of Evans' and stood on a hill there about five minutes; that they then came down to the edge of the river not quite to where the boat lay; that on the edge of the boach over the boat there was a growth of pines which concealed the soldiers from the river; that they laid down therre until the tug was out of sight; that they had their guns with them; that when the soldiers went down Mr. Posey was up at Mr. Evans' house; that he told the boys that they had better go up on the hill; that they hauled the boat up in a little creek there by the wharf; that this was the only time he (Fido) went across the river.

Samuel Bush stated on examination that he was sixty-four years of age and was a laborer in the employ of Mr. Posey; that he knew Mr. Linton; that he did not think Mr. Linton had been across the river since he and Mr. Posey were fired on by one of the tugs some time about the 1st of May; that he remembered when he went over after barrels that there were no soldiers there then.

Question. Did not Mr. Posey tell you about the men coming down to protect his boats?

Answer. Yes; now you mention it I think he did say something about getting men down to protect his boats. My memory is rather short. There was a picket over there. They used to picket.

