
Mr. Bush further stated on examintaion that young Mr. Evans had ben back and forth across the river several times during the summer; that he gave the letters and papers that he brought over to Mr. Linton; that the reason that lights were burning at the house of Mr. Posey so late was that there were a good many in the family; that there were no lights burning except when the people went up to bed; that he (Bush) occupied the room in the front of the house with the dormer window; that the room n the southwest corner of the house was occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Linto; that Mr. Posey brought the Lintons over there-Mr. Linton, his wife, and sister-about the middle of May.

Albert Berry Posey, son of Richard B. Posey, aged fifteen, stated on examination that Mr. Linton went across the river once with his wife; that he staid two or three weeks h reckoned; that he staid with Mr. Evans and his family; that his (Albert's) father; Mr. Posey, went over there and brought them back again; that Mr. Linton had been staying there (at Mr. Posey's) since April, having come from Washington.

James Posey, ten years old, stated on examination that Mr. Linton used to go over the river sometimes until one time when his (James') father went over there to get some ladies one of the Federal steamers stopped him and told him not to go over there any more and that he hadn't been over since; that Tip (his brother) had wanted to go over and join the Confederate Army pretty bad, but that his mother and father would not let him.

At the time of Linton's arrest in this city he acknowleded on examination at my office that he was present in company with Mr. Posey at the time of the ambuscade above spoken of, but denied having taken any part in that afair. It appears from the foregoing evidence that Mr. Philip H. Linton from the first commencement of our national us secessionists and traitors on the Potoma at Evansport, Va., where one of the most formidable of the rebel batteries is located; that he has been in co-operation with one of the Evanses in carrying on a clandestine mail arrangement between Maryland and Virginia and that in the latter part of may last he was present in company with richard B. Posey on the occasion of an ambuscade said to have been laid by Posey on an inlet near Evansport for the crew of a U. S. steamer similar to that by which the gallant Lieutenant Ward lost his life in the early part of this conflict.

I append hereto sundry recommendatory documents* on the part of Mr. Linton which have ebeen received from vaious quarters, and which although actions speak lounder than words I hope will have their due ffect and that upon a full examination of the case, evidence and all, such favors will be extended to Mr. Linton as his real status may merit and the safety of the country at this critical time may allow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 13, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

SIR: Let Philip H. Linton, a prisoner confined in your custody, by released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

