
without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection, and executing and depositing with you to be forwarded to this Department a good and sufficent bond in the sum of $1,000 for the faithful observance of his engagements which must be approved by U. S. District Attornye Edward C. Carrington, esq., of this city.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, April 26, 1862.

ROBERT H. MORRIS, Esq.

SIR: In answer to yours of the 25th instant I have to say that Richard B. Posey was discharged by order of Brigadier General R. B. Marcy November 12, 1861. * * *

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. J. ALLEN.

Case of Robert S. Bunker.

Robert S. Bunker, of Mobile, was arrested at Concinnati on the 31st of October, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State made in cconsequence of information having been communicated that Bunker who had just returned from Europe was a bearer of dispatches for the rebels. bunker was takent o Fort Warren and detained there until the 11th day of November, 1861, when he was released by order of the Secretary of State on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against going to or corresponding with any insurrectionary State. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Cases of Andrew Low, Mrs. John Low and Charles Green.

Andrew Low, of Savannah, Ga., was arrested in Cincinnati on the 3rd day of November, 1861, while on his way from Engalnd to Georgia. the arrest was made by order of the Secretary of State upon information that Low had been one of the rebel commissionares to receive subscriptions to the Confederate loan at Savannah; that he was supposed to have ean interest in the steamer Bermuda that ran the blockade off Tybee Island, and that he and been an agent of the rebels at Liverpool during the summer. He was conveyed to Fort Warren and there confined. No treeasonable papers or correspondencce were found in Low's possession. He admitted, however, that he had been one of the rebel loan commissioners for the State of Georgia. On the 8th day of February, 1862, Mr. Low was ordered to be released upon his parole to proceed at once to Baltimore and report himself each day to General John A. dix, or such other person as General Dix should designate, and at the expiration of the period of sixty days from the date of release to return and surrender himself to be recommitted to the fort; and thet in the meantime he would neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States nor hold any correspondence with any person residing therein, nor to be engaged in any treasonable communication with any person whomsoever nor do any act hostile or injurious to the United States.

