
DETROIT, November 6,, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

Have arrested Charled Green and Mrs. John Low, his sister, of Sasvannah, Ga., with important documents.

W. H. BARSE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 12, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

SIR: Let Mrs. Low, a prisoner confined in the female prison, be released on her engaging upon her honor that she will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that she will not do anything histile to the United States during the present insurrection.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 13, 1861.

Honorable W. M. EVARTS, New York.

SIR: Your note of the 9th instant* is received. The case of Mr. Low will be promptly investigated and whatever statements and evidence may be submitted in reference to him shall receive immediate attention. In the present state of the case the Secretary is unwilling to refer it elsewhere for examination.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

WASHINGTON, November 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of a letter which I received yesterday from Mr. Charles Green, a British merchant, who appears to be imprisoned in Fort Warren. The principal object of Mr. Green's letter is to request me to claim in behalf of Messrs. Bailey Bros. & Co., of Liverpool, a letter containing valuable papers belonging to that mercantile house which has been taken from him. I ttrust that there may be no objection to restoring these papers to their owners.

Mr. Green mentions that his sister, Mrs. John Low, is also under arrest. He is mistaken, however, in supposing that her case had been brought to my notice before. I shall be very much obliged if you will give me such information concerning these two arrests as it seems proper that I should receive.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, Boston, November 11, 1861.

Lord LYONS, &C.

MY LORD: On my way from England to the South where (at Savannah) I have a commercial house and a winter residence I was arrested and brought to this place.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

