
Although an English subject as my passport shows and never naturalized I prefer giving your lordship no trouble in my case. Later when I ascertain the exact charges and evicence upon which I am detained I may ask your lordship's interference. For the present I must beg you to claim from among my papers on behalf of Messrs. Bailey Bros. &amp; Co., of Liverpool, a leter addressed to me by that house containing statement of claim and order upon William Johnston, president of the Charltte and South Carolina Railway, for $33,821. 98; 48 coupons of the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad due 1st of July, 1861 at $30 each, $1,440; 82 coupons of the Tennessee State bonds, Numbers 9982 to Numbers 10063, due 1st of July, 1861, at $30 each, $2,460.

As the letter indicates these specialties were confided to me to realize and remit proceeds to Messrs. Bailey Bros. & Co., whose property they are. I have no interest whatever in them.

There are also among my papeers some orders for cotton to be executed at Savannah which when the ports open there I shall be glad to recover.

Among my effects carried to Washington was a small parcel of apparel chiefly underclothes, valuye of the whole parcel as nearly as I can recollect pounds 12 or pounds 13, designed for my younk kinsman Mr. Josiah G. Low, of Virginia. When this young friend asked me to bring him these things he had not entered the Confedeerate service where he now is and therefore the apparel, which speaks for itself, could not be as my captors have represented in the papers a reber uniform. I only allude to this to explain an erroneous statement to my prejudice and to express my regret thet it should have caused the transfer to Washington of a trunk and a bag of other clothing upon which I paid the U. S. duties at Detroit. In these two packages everything was procured for my own and family use except the bill for pound 12 or pouns 13 already mentioned.

I must really apologize to your lordship for occupying your valuable time with such unimportant questions. One affecting me far more in the case of my sister Mrs. John Low, which I trust she has herself brought to your lordship's attention. Her arrest grew solely out of the accident of her traveling with her brother, a Southern merchant. I do not permit myself to doubt her speedy restoration to her family in virginia upon the examination of her papers. We were traviling under British passports from Earl Russell viseed at the U. S. legation in London.

I may not conclude without acknowledging the considerate treatment the English prisoners receive at the hands of the officers of this fort, and remain, with great respect,

CHARLES GREEN.

I am oa course well known to Mr. Molyneyx at Savannah.

NEW YORK, November 28, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: * * * When at Boston I was earnestly requested by some of the solid men of that city to look particularly into the case of Mr. Low, of Savannah, Ga., banker, who was arrested at Cincinnati en route from England to Georgia, via Canada, &c. His friends in Boston who fluentil (none more so) hoped that he might be set at liberty on some restricted parole, they thinking that it would be

