
safe, &amp;c. Mr. Low excluded himself from the class to be examined by refusing to take the oath, and with that I should leave him-considering him in the right place-but for the circumstances following which induced me to refer to his case lest sooner application in his behalf from very respectable and loyal men might effect his release without his case being fully appreciated.

Mr. Low is a banker of the first rank in the South, of English origin; has a branch house in England; is the corresponding banker in the South for W. Peabody, Baring & Co. ; is very rich and commands a very extended and rich moneyed corcle at home and abroad. Whole last in England he was on his own account proprietor of 50,000 bales of cotton in Liverpool on which he had realized the advance growing out of the rebellion, making a larga fortuen by thath operation. He is able and influential and is one of the commissioners for the Confederate loan. He pretends that he has not accepted but does not pretend that he has declined, and unquestionably has so far undetaken the trust as to lend his infuence to the enterprise. The man who can raise the money to cary on a war is of more consequence than he who commands the armes. Mr. Low at liberty, wherever his parole might place him, if disloyal would be dangerous. He is valuable as a hostage; is guilty of treason if he has acted as commissioner, as I assume he has, and in case of being driven to set up the lex talionis he would be worth a thousand common men.

I consider him the most important man in Fort Warren-to keep-unless in be Slidell. I deem it probable that all this is known to your Deparmtent, but out of abundant caution I write this lest some of the facts might not have reached you.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

SETH C. HAWLEY.

NEW YORK, December 3, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: Shall I trouble you too much by asking you to send me word whetheer Andrew Low, imprisoned at Fort Warren, is in a way of having his case disposed of? I know that these matters are taken up with much dispach by the Department and I have been unwilling to trouble you even with this letter, but Mr. Low's friends are quite pressing with me, and as I fully understand Mr. Low is not aware of any grounds against him except his Southern residence I should be veery gald to hear either that he will be released or that some examination will be had in his case wherein he may meet the charges aginst him. * * *

Very truly, yours,

WM. M. EVARTS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, Decemhber 4, 1861.

WILLIAM M. EVARTS, Esq., New York.

SIR: I have received your letter of the 3rd instant, and have brought the subject to which I relates before the Secretary of State. In reply I am directed by him to inform you that the release of Mr. Andrew Low at the present time is deemed inexpedient.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

