
or parole to live in the city New York, with such conditions or restrictions as to holding intercourse by letter or otherwise as the Department may please to prescribe. This disposition of the case I would recommend.

Very respectfully, yours,

S. C. HAWLEY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 8, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release Mr. Andrew Low upon his engaging upon honorthat he will proceed at once to Baltimore, Md., and report himself each day to Major General John other person as he (General Dix) shall designate, and at the expiration of the period of sixty days from the date of his release he will voluntarily return and surrender himself to you to be recommitted to the fort, and that in the meantime he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government, nor hold any correspondence with any person residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, nor be engaged in any treasonable communication with any person whatsoever nor do any act hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NEW YORK, March 1, 1862.

Honorable FRED. W. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: I find that I need to trouble you again in Mr. Andrew Low's case. the order of the State Department in his case of February 8 ultimo leaves him a quasi prisoner, whereas had he been actually in Fort Warren when the general order respecting political prisoners took effect he would have been enlarged on simple parole witht the rest. I am told that to set him right his special parole (which obliges him to report daily in Baltimore and to return to Fort Warren in sixty days) will nedd to be canceled and the common parole substituted. Upon seeing the new order of the Secretary of War appointing a special commission I at first thought my proper application would be to these commissioners, but on reflection am satisfied that Mr. Low was intended to be put on the footing of release on parole. May I ask that you would be so good as to make the proper order?

Yours, very truly,

WM. M. EVARTS.

BALTIMORE, March 7, 1862.

Major-General DIX, &amp;c.

GENERAL: In view of your commission to investigate the cases of prisoners of state and in order that you may apprehend my own I beg leave to submit to you a statement of the charges which so far as I understand them have detained me a prisoner.

First. On my return from Engalnd via Canada I was arrested on the 3rd of November in Cincinnati on a charge of bearing treasonable correspondence. I had been in that city five days openly seekong to procure a military pass for myself and wife, and failing to do so had paid my fare to Washington to try and procure one at headquarters when I was

