
arrested and sent off to Fort Warren. There was no foundation for this charge as I positively declined to take with me any letter or paper on ordinary or private business. My own and wife's baggage was for three hours susbjected to the closest scrutiny and nothing was found for there was nothing to find. I would also state that I nevver saw and have never seen the Confederate commissioners, Messrs. Yancey and mann, nor did I hold any communication with them either dcirectly or indirectly.

Second. That I was under suspicion from certain causes of being connected with enterprises to furnish the Confederates with munitions of war, &amp;c. this is utterly untrue. So far from this being the case I carefully avoided doing anything in england in violation of my neutrality. My sole business there was of an urgent, private nature, viz, to attend to arranging a dissolution of my copartnership and to see after the welfare of two young daughters I have at school in Brrighton. Abundant evidence has been furnished the commissioner of the State Department, Mr. Hawley, by friends who were aware of all my actions, movements and opinions.

Anotther charge is that I was a commissioner of the Confederate loan and which came to the knowledge of the Government after I was imprisoned some time. The explanation of that charge is this: Some time in May or June the Confederate Government in Montgomery appointed three commissioners for Georgia to attend to a loan of $15,000,000. These gentlemen resided in the interior and without consulting me on the subject named myself and two other gentlemen as references for the city of Save matterr very little thought; the whole thing was managed by a bank. I never received nor had the custody of any money and never corresponded with the Government or any of its agents on that or any other subject. I do not hold myself responsible in any way for this and you cannot fail to see the situation. the State of Georgia had asserted its sovereignty. A new goveernment was placed over me, and I cannot think that I should be held responsible and punished for events over which I had no control nor taken any part in bringing about, but on the contrary.

In the fullest confidence that you will give my case a just consideration, and that you will release me from me present unfotunate and painful position, I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

AND. LOW.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 12, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: You will discharge Mr. Andrew Low from the conditions of his present parole and furnish him with a pass to enable him to go beyond the lines of the U. S. Army upon his engaging upon honor that he will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in histility to the Government of the United States and als that he will not communicate to the pesons in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States any information calculated to aid them, and that at the expiration of the period of three months he will report himself to the Secretary of War unless during that time he shall effect the discharge of a political prisoner whose exchange shall be satisfactory to the Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

