
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Cincinnati, Ohio, November 4, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: A man by the name of Rutson Maury, who is as I am informed a resident of New Orleans, came to this city October 26, and on the 28th of the same month he left here saying that he was going to Washington City. I have since his departure ascertained that he was a bearer of written dispatches, and I now have in my possession a large number of letters left by him with a friend in this city. He had a large cloth belt made which he wore about his body, having the letters sewed up in the belt. Some of the letters are open which I have read and they are of a treasonable character.

Shall I send the letters to you and arrest Maury if he returns to this city? R. M. N. Taylor, of Cleveland, Ohio, has important information in reference to Maury's visit South.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. SANDS,

U. S. Marshal.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Cleveland, November 5, 1861.

Honorable EDWARD BATES, Attorney-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: From facts that have come within my knowledge of late I am satisfied that sysstematic arrengements exist at New York for the regular transmission of letters to and from the States iin rebellion embracing both foreign and domestic correspondence. Foreign letters intended for New Orleans and other Southern points are sent by mail to houses in New York and probably Boston, whence they are systematically dadlivered to carriers for hire who undertake their transmission clandestinely to their destination or to New Orleans for distribution.

Two of these carriers have diring the last week had their baggage detained here, and secreted within it have been found large quantities of letters, in one instance (that of Rutson maury) nearly 300 of them. Evidences have also been found with them of the systematic and periodical nature of the intended journeys through our lines.

In view of these facts I respectfully inquire whether the arrest of these contraband mail carriers is desired by the Government? Under the telegraphic instructions of the honorable Postmaster-General the letters have been seizd and forwarded to Washington, but thus far no arrests have been made. Your early reply will much oblige.

Respectfully, yours,

EARL BILL,

U. S. Marshal.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, November 7, 1861.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

I have this day arrested Matthew F. Maury, of New Orleans. In his trunk found about 200 letters to various points in rebellious States. His business evidently letter carrying between New York and New orleans. What shall I do with him?

EARL BILL,

marshal Northern District of Ohio.

