
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 7, 1861.

EARL BILL, U. S. Marshal, Cleveland:

Send Matthew F. Maury to Fort Lafayette, N. Y., and send the papers to the State Department.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Cleveland, November 7, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Referring to the telegraphic dispatch I had the honor to send you of this date and in further to say that about the 28th of October a trunk or valise belonging to one Rutson Maury was seized by the inspector of the revenue at this place containing (as then disclosed) some seventy-nine or eighty letters directed to persons at various points and places in the States in rebellion against the Government. On the 2nd instant M. F. Maury passed through here on his way Soutyh and his trunk was also seized by the inspector. In it were found twenty packages of letters having a destination beyond the lines of the Government forces, the number estimated at from 600 to 700. Both trunks are still held, information having been filed and proceedings commenced for confiscation under the act of Congress of July 13, 1861, and now remain in my hands undeer process of attachment duly issued.

On a close investigation a secret pocket was found in R. Maury's valise in which were stowed about 200 more letters having destination like those mentioned above, among which I found one unsealed addressed to "James Maury, New Orleans," informing him that the writer would be in New Orleans November 8, and ready to leave on the succeeding 11th, to which were appended the words "You understand," signed "M. F. M. " I was therefore led to conclude that both Maurys-who I learn are brothers-were jointly engaged in the regular and systematic transmission of information by letters and perhaps otherwise across the lines of our armies, and made such arrangements as were intended to secure the persons of either or both of them should they to found in my district. This I have been induced to believe was my official duty and in accordance with the desire of the government as expressed in the telegraphic circular of the honorable Postmaster-General under date of----August, in which he says, "The Presidnet * * * directs that his proclamation of the 16th instant interdicting commercial intercourse with the South shall be applied also to correspondence; and wherein he directs the arrest of any person who after this order shall receive letters for transmission to or from said States, &amp;c. " Under these circumstances it was that I respectfully asked the instructions of the Government as to what disposition to make of M. F. Maury, who is in my custody without a formal warrant. Permit me to add that all the letters taken as above stated have been duly forwarded to Washington pursuant to the instructions of the Postmaster-General.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL BILL,

U. S. Marshal.

