
from 200 to 300 letters directed to different parts of the South, more to New Orleans than to any one other place. We think from the circumstances connected with the seizure of their two trunks that these Mauryz are engaged in the transmission of correspondence from the loyal to the disloyal States and vice versa.

A good many of the packages were marked "unpaid; " others not marked thus. I would infer from this theey get pay for conveying said letters, some of which they obtain North and some South. Some of said letters are from Liverpool, some from Paris, others from New York, &amp;c. Some of the foreign letters were sent to care of parties in this country whose names are now cut out. I think therre are regular headquarters in New York and Boston where these letters are colleccted together, and I would not wonder if it was at Maury Bros., New York, and Henry C. Wainwright, Numbers 20 State street, Boston. We find by papers in one of said trunks that there is a time fixed to leave New Orleans (on their return we suppose), which is November 11.

In short we are fully of the opinion that we have been lucky enough to intercept two of the regular mails that are being carried from North to South and from South to North. Upon the return of R. Maury from Concinnati it was reportd to h im that we had found in his trunk some seventy-nine letters. If he had known of our finding the some 200 letters secreted in partition I do not think he would have made the effort expected to get the secreted letters. The place of secretion would not hold all that he had and the seventy-nine or eighty were in the pockets of his clothes.

Procedure for forfeiture has been commenced in the U. S. court here against the trunk and contents (except letters) of R. Maury, Jr.

Veery respectfully, yours,

CHARLES J. BALLARD,

Collector.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

COLLECTOR'S OFFICE, Cleveland, November 5, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury.

DEAR SIR: Since writing the letter that accompanies this I have learned some facts concerning R. Maury, Jr., that I thought best to communicate. When in this city trying to have his baggage released he was quite free with a certain person here. He said to him that circumstances connected with himself were such that he should not think at all strange if he was sent to Fort Lafayette, and instructed him what to do concerning his effects if such should be the case. He as much as acknowledged that he knew he was violating the laws of the land, and sid if he were shot or his head pulled off or whatever was done to him he never would reveal who put this correspondence into his possession to carry South.

He had several hundred dollars in gold when here (this we learned after he left). We have just learned that he left a package in safe at Burnet House, Concinnaty. We have not learned what the contents of said package is but have learned that the same has been seized by U. S. officer. This package may contain correspondence of such a nature that he dare not put the same in his trunk. He says he is cousin to Lieutenant Maury.

I believe this whole maury tribe are as full of secesh as an egg is of meat.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES J. BALLARD,

Collector.

