
by Maury with a friend in this city who is a loyal citizen. If Maury returns I will arrest and convey him to Fort Warren as per your order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. SANDS,

U. S. Marshal.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST MARSHAL'S OFFICE,[November 9, 1861.]

W. MURE, Esq., Her Britannic Majesty's Consul, New Orleans.

DEAR SIR: I have just been arrested on order Secretary of State and am likely to remain here one hou. Herewith is copy order for arrest. *

As I am not allowed to visit you of Lord Lyons, Her Britannic Majesty's minister, on my parole, I judge it well to send you a line.

Very truly, yours,

RUTSON MAURY.

I was arrested in the office of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury while looking after baggage detained at Cleveland by his own appointment.

R. M.

NEW YORK, November 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I learn that my nephew Matthew Fontaine Maury, a cotton borker at New Orleans, was arrested in Ohio on his way to New Orleans and a number of letters found in his trunk and that he has been lodged in Fort Lafayette. I hear the same also of another nephew, Rutson Maury, Jr., but of this I am not so certainly informed. In the first case his trunk and all his clothing and effects (except what he had on) have been seized and taken from him and it may be the same with Rutson. I therefore hope that you will at least oredr the trunks, &amp;c., to be delivered to them, if not their release from confinement, for I have no idea that they had any treasonable intentions. It has been said in the New York papers I think of one or both of them that they have served in the Sothern army, or are members of it, but this is not true. It has also been said that they came northward for the sole purpose of carrying a mail, which is not true either.

There are four brothers of them in commercial business in the South, and as they were all in a state of destitution the question was should they go into the army or try to get a support in some other way. They decided against the army, and the chief object of M. F. Maury in coming here was to bring a bill of his brother James on Liverpool for pound 120 for negotiation as it could not be negotiated at new Orleans and the chief object of Rutson was to receive some money due to him in Boston as a member of the late firm of Maury & Wilder at Galveston, and which he suspected and with reason that his partner (Wilder) now in Boston would appropriate to his (Wilder's) own use. The carrying of letters was a mere incident, as I believe, to the chief object of the journey in both cases. They found they could eke out their slender resources (both having been almost wholly disappointed in theirr chief objects in coming North) by carrying letters, but I am told they stipu-

---------------

*Omitted here. See p. 1046 for this order of arrest.

---------------

