
lated expressly that the letters should be purely commercial or family letters and that they should be open or authority given to open them themselves and that they should contain nothing of a treasonable nature.

Under these circumstances I hope that you will not think my application unreasonable. Their parents have both been dead some years and they have their way to make in the world. You knew Sarah Mytton Maury, their mother, when she was in the United States some years ago. M. F. Maury is unmarried. Rutson has left a wife and child in the South who are destitute of support. Both are in delicate health and may require some attention. I therefore hope you will also give permission for their brother, Walker Maury, of New York, to see them occasionally.

It is perhaps due to myself to say that neither I nor my house have received any letters from our correspondents in the South nor written any thither since the prohibition (though our business required it to be done) except the advice from New Orleans of the bill for pound 120. If Commodore Du Point were here he among others could well vouch for my loyalty from first to last.

With much respect, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

MATTHEW MAURY.

[Indorsement.]

We know the writer of the above and know him to be loyal to the Union.

JAMES H. KING &amp; SONS.

BROWN BROS. & CO.

M. H. GRINNELL.

WASHINGTON, November 12, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &c.

SIR: I have already had the honor to mention to you verbally that information has reached me that a British subject named Rutson Maury has been arrested by order of the executive government and held in confinement in this city. I shall be much obliged if you will give me the particulars of this case.

I have also the honor to request that if the prisoner be not immediately released you will give the orders necessary to enable a member of this legation to visit him.

I do myself the honor in compliance with your request to send you a copy of the letter* from Mr. Maury to Mr. Mure which you delivered to me yesterday.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient himble servant,

LYONS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 13, 1861.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your lordship's note of yesterday asking for particulars respecting Mr. Rutson Maury, a British subject confined at Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

---------------

*See Maury to Mure, November 9, p. 1047.

---------------

