
I think evidence can be obtained showing that he was personally employed by the rebels, thinking to use his British citizenship as a protection. He has stated to parties who can be produced before the rebellion that he was born in Virginia and I think can claim nothing on that score probably. I think I can put you in possssion of any reasonable amount of testimony in reference to him and had endeavored myself to see that he was arrested when he first left New York for the South nearly two weeks since, but the party failed to find you in New York.

If any information further than you have is wanted in reference to Rutson Maury, Jr., or Matthew Fontaine Maury, arrested in Cleveland, Ohio, his brother, let me know. If you wish any further information as to how you hear from me, &amp;c., I have inclosed card to Frank E. Howe, the Massachusetts agent in Broadway just below the Astor.

Yours, truly,

WILLIAM L. BURT.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washingt 1861.

JONATHAN AMORY, Esq., Boston, Mass.

SIR: I transmit herewith a copy of a letter written by William L. Burt, esq., attorney and counselor at law, whose office is at 46 Washington street, Boston, received from John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police, New York. Will you have the kindness to call upon the writer and obtain from him a statement under oath of all the facts and circumstances in reference to the Maurys in his possession and forward them to this Department by post as soon as you conveniently can?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 18, 1861.

JOHN S. KEYES, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Boston, Mass.

SIR: From letters found in possession of the Maurys who were recently arrested it appears that Henry C. Wainwright, of Boston, has been in the habit o receiving and forwarding correspondence between parties in the insurrectionary States and their sympathizers in Europe as well as in the North. Will you please place him under surveillance and make a thorough examination of his person and premises and secure all letters and other papres found thereon and remit them with your report to this Department?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 18, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: From extracts which were found in possession of the Maurys recently arrested for conveying information to the insurrectionary States it appears that the following persons in New York have been engaged in receiving and forwarding correspondence between parties in the

