
them for James Maury &amp; Co., of New Orleans, were forwarded to Maury Bros., New York, by Mr. Wainwright before we could stop them, and I have requested the postmaster here to telegraph Mr. Kennedy, chief of police, to call for the letters in New York as having been improperly delivered. This scheme for transferring all the cotton in the South to English hands for a nominal price is being carried out systematically and agents are now employed in Southern cities to take the transfers. The more the Government can learn of this the better they can meet it. Letters with the same superscription as above will come for Maury by every steamer now from Europe till his arrest is known there. These letters will pass through the Boston and New York offices. Those in Boston being directed probably to care of Henry C. Wainwright and very likely all the letters for delivery will be directed to him or to his care.

Mr. Wainwright is entirely innocent in this matter no doubt, but is used by Maury from the fact that he has been the agent for these parties before, and is now by appointment from our court the receiver of the late firm of Maury & Wilder. These letters for the next few weeks so directed will probably contain much political information, and ought in some way to be in the control of the Goverment. You will see the importance of the suggestion, and I presume Mr. Wainwright whenever English letters are delivered to him will be willing to satisfy the postmaster, Mr. Palfrey, that the contens or inclosures are not for Maury or his friends, and if for them that the contents are legitimate.

A letter in reference to the Maurys is on file in the State Department. I have troubled you with this communication believing that I possess some information that the Government could use to advantage. I was surprised that letters should be ordered to be delivered without an examination to parties under arrest.

I am, yours, &c.,

WILLIAM L. BURT.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, B19, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to report that * * * Matthew F. Maury, who was committed to Fort Independence on Monday last, but for whom no arrangements had been made, was delivered to me by Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson, in command there, and transferred by me to Fort Warren. Colonel McPherson is about to leave for the West where he is ordered to report to General Halleck, and as his absence will leave the fort without an officer the obtained General Butler's order for the transfer of Maury to Fort Warren, and I transferred him accordingly. * * *

Your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal.

BOSTON, November 19, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq., Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: Your esteemed favor of 16th instant was only received this morning with copy of note from William L. Burt, esq. I immediately called on that gentleman who tells me that he will commit to paper his reasons for knowing Mr. Maury, to whom you allude, to be "a dangerous secessionist. " He gave me much reason to think him so. The

