
Mr. Wainwright to whose care the letters were intructed is a distant relative of mine and he was at the time acting under the court in winding up the affairs of Maury &amp; Wilder, and I obtained from him the within account of his transactions, and as he advised my writing to Mr. Kennedy to demand the letters of Maury Bros. sent them by Mr. Wainwright I have done so. I trust that you may obtain valuable information from that quarter. I am under the impression that this Mr. Maury undertook to send letters at $2. 50 per ounce. I shall probably receive by to-morrow morning Mr. Burt's promised communication.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JONATHAN AMORY,

U. S. Dispatch and Passport Agent.

[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, November 19, 1861.

J. AMORY, Esq.

DEAR SIR: With regard to your inquiries this morning as to my relations with Mr. R. Maury, Jr., I first became acquainted with him a year ago and have since then been agent in this city for his firm, Maury & Wilder, of Galveston, Tex. During the summer the firm was dissolved and I acted as his agent until October when he arrived here. The firm being embarrassed I was appointed by the supreme judicial court of this Commonwealth as the receiver. He soon after left for the South and I now understand that he is under arrest by order of the Government. On the 13th instant I received a notice through the post-office that eighteen letters from the Dead-Letter Office were received for me. The next day I received another notice and then called and took the letters and sent eleven to Maury Bros., New York. Seven of them were directed to R. Maury, Jr., and four to J. Maury & Co., New Orleans. I retained seven directed to Maury & Wilder, and they were opened and examined in the presence of Mr. Burt and found to be purely of a business character.

I regret that I sent the eleven letters to New York but it never occurred to me that there could be anything in them except business or family matters. I have never seen or corresponded with M. F. Maury.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY C. WAINWRIGHT.

OFFICE OF SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, November 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: This morning I received a letter from Mr. Jonathan Amory, agent, Boston, informing me that Mr. Henry C. Wainwright had sent eleven letters to the care of Messrs. Maury Bros., 5 Hanover street, for Mr. Rutson Maury, Jr. I immediately dispatched one of my force to obtain those letters and any others in their possession. He returned with the inclosed letters* addressed to sundry persons in the rebel States, being fifteen more than the number forwarded by Mr. Wainwright. No sort of objection was made by the Mr. Maury in charge when the demand was made.

---------------

* Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

