
[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, November 22, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: In compliance with the request of your Department please find below the information in reference to the Maurys that I have been able to obtain for you.

Rutson Maury, Jr., is some twenty-eight or thirty years of age, and has been engaged in business for the last few years in Galveston, Tex. He has been one of the partners of the firm of Maury &amp; Wilder, of Galveston, Tex., cotton buyers. Since the beginning of the difficulties with the South Maury has freely expressed his sympathy with and confidence in the success of the rebelion. About the 16th of April last (1861) he left Galveston and went to Montgomery, Ala., and as he stated saw the officers of the rebel government and for purposes which he did not he said wish to have known. He went I think from there to Charleston, S. C., and thence to Washington and New York. He was North until about May 6 when he left Boston and New York for Washington and the South. He stated in the cars on his way that if he carried through certain matters for the South that he had in his charge he was to receive $500 and his expenses paid, and he sent through all his luggage consisting of several trunks by express taking nothing with himself but a small satchel. He did not, however, return to Galveston, but was at the South - in New Orleans, Mobile and other places - and during the month of August was at Cullum's Springs, Chostaw County, Ala.

In September he went to Galveston, and from there back to New Orleans and then started North. He came by the way of Louisville and arrived here probably not far from the 10th or 12th of October. He stated to various parties that he brought on letters from the South - over a thousand - protected by the consular seal of British Consul Mure, of New Orleans. He delivered a great many letters, and stated in my presence that he forwarded English letters that he brought through. He delivered letters to Lewis L. Squier or Squires, but whether political or not I do not know - probably not, however. He delivered letters and made statemens to John P. Ritter, Numbers 132 Brodway, New York City. He told Mr. Ritter how he brought the letters from New Orleans; of the abuse of the consul's seal. He said he was on his journey stopped by the officials; paid them $100 to permit him to taken his packages through.

His arrangements for correspondence have been made, and the letters are to come to the care of or under cover to Henry C. Wainwright, of Boston, as I have suggested in a previous letter to the Post-Office Department, and to Mr. Jonathan Amory, U. S. dispatch agent here. And I think it all important that their contents should be known to the Government. The other letter will convey all the information upoon this point that I have.

The family consists of brothers James Maury, of New Orleans; Rutson Maury, Jr., now under arrest; William Maury, of the firm of Maury & Hogg, of New Orleans; Matthew F. Maury, clerk for James Rareshide, of New Orleans, also under arrest; Walker Maury, clerk for Maury Bros., New York (Maury Bros. are uncles), and another brother who is preparing for some profession in New York. As to what Maury undertook to carry South in the shape of letters, correspondence, &c., the Department of course have the best information in the letters themselves.

