
I find to-day that our letters by the steamer Asia have been stopped by your order. A letter from Washington has been detained one day by being opened, and the delay of our letters by the previous steamer which I had supposed to be purely accidental has probably been caused by a like stoppage. I am aware that you have to do many things to guard against treason, &amp;c., but I hereby protect against the aforenamed acts in behalf of my house, Maury Bros., in case any loss or damage should occur thereby. We suffer great inconvenience from not having our English letters because we cannot answer them by to-morrow's steamer, and very probably some loss of which I cannot judge until I get them. If it is necessary that the letters of my house should be stopped, but for which I know no other reason than that my name is Maury, I should be particularly obliged to you to name some person to read them here at the post-office that I may get them without greater delay than an hour or so.

As I have a suspicion that all these things are concocted by a conspiracy in Boston I asked Superintendent Kennedy whether the search arose from Walker Maury naming to his brother in Fort Lafayette that we had a number of letters for him (the dead letters before named) and of which information the policemen at the fort took a memorandum. He said "No. " I then asked if if arose from information from Boston but he refused to answer. I have seen him again on this subject after first seeing Police Commissioner Bowen and he said the information was from your office. I then asked whether the order from you was the result of information received by him from Boston and sent to you which he refuses to tell me. It is important to trace up the origin of the whole matter and if the order upon which you acted came through Superintendent Kennedy I shall be obliged to you to send me an order to Superintendent Kennedy to tell me all about it. If not through him I shall be equally obliged by your giving me the information.

With much respect, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

M. MAURY.

P. S. - I beg leave to add I feel that I have been treated with gross and careless injustice. An important reason for revoking the exequatur of Consul Barclay, of this city, during the Crimean war was that he had acted upon the information of policemen and spies in regard to the bark Maury instead of applying to Mr. A. A. Low, the owner, and to those who knew him and his business. I claim that I am entitled to the same consideration as Mr. A. A. Low. Nevertheless I am willing to pass over these indignities thus far if there is reason to suppose they were in any way necessary for the good of the country.

M. M.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Boston, November 23, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have duly received yours of the 15th and 18th instant and have previously written you of my action in the premises as directed by your telegram of the 15th instant. * * *

In the matter of Henry C. Wainwright I have had a conference with J. Amory, esq., U. S. dispatch agent, who informs me that he has written to you inclosing a letter from William L. Burt, esq., on the same subject. I then waited on Mr. Wainwright and saw and read all his

