
NEW YORK, January 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I respectfully beg your attention to the following statement in behalf of my brothers, Rutson Maury, Jr., and Matthew F. Maury, who were arrested last October at Cleveland, Ohio, for carrying letters to the South: Rutson Maury, Jr., was placed in Fort Lafayette on the 10th of November where he has since remained. Rheumatism and influenza to both of which he is subject in aggravated forms are preying upon his bodily health. In addition to these mental anxiety caused by the destitute condition of his wife and child in Alabama renders his captivity hard to be borne. Matthew F. Maury was conveyed to Fort Lafayette on the 9th of November and transferred thence on the 16th to Fort Warren, where he is still. An intestine disease contracted two years ago in New Orleans and of which his plysicians affirmed he ought according to the laws of nature to have died now threatens him again. We have lately heard of the death of the lady to whom he was engaged in marriage. A hopeless depression of spirits acting upon a body infirm and naturally unable from long residence in the South to endure the rigor of a Northern climate makes his confinement trying indeed.

The offense of which they are guilty is carrying letters. I do assure you they took particular care so far as I know and verily believe that neither treason nor political discussion should be contained in them. To say the very least it was their known interest so to do. Every letter was either open or had the words "open if necessary" written upon it.

In fine I beg to remind you of your friendship for my mother. Sarah Mytton Maury, in the years 1845 and 1846, and deigning to hope that such remembrance may descend to her sons and induce you to grant their release I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALKER MAURY.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, January 24, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I last addressed you on the 10th instant, forwarding my communication through Lord Lyons. It is impossible for me to know whether or not said communication reached his lordship but I certainly do know that to this date I am without any replies to my favors. Failing in obtaining any answer I would be pleased to know what steps the United States Government have determined to take in my case and what proposals will be acceptable to the United States Government in order to effect my release from prison. If the Government refuse to allow me to proceed South to rejoin my family I am willing to proceed to England if I am released at once and allowed to forward letters and means of support to my family during the continuance of the war, said letters being forwarded through the U. S. authorities abroad, i. e., the consuls appointed by the Government.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

RUTSON MAURY, Jr.

NEW YORK, January 26, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Earl Bill, U. S. marshal at Cleveland, Ohio, agreeably to the instructions of Honorable Ed. Jordan, Solicitor of the Treasury of the United

