
States and in obedience to the order of the U. S. district court for that district forwarded to their owners the trunks seized as the property of my brothers Matthew F. and Rutson Maury, Jr. In the trunk of the former Mr. Bill found the sum of $14. 45, from which after deducting necessary charges he sent the balance in the trunk.

I have written to Mr. Bill asking for the restoration of $300 in gold seized in the letter part of November last as the property of Rutson Maury, Jr. To this he has replied that he is "not aware that any Department or officer of the Government has given him or any officer of his district any order or direction to restore to Rutson Maury, Jr., all his effects," though he restored money found in the trunk of M. F. Maury. He also ine sun in question is now in the hands of James A. Craw, esq., sheriff of Cuyahoga County, at Cleveland; and he further recommends me to apply to your Department for an order to be issued for its restoration.

I therefore respectfully beg of you to issue an order for the restoration of this money to my brother, and am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WALKER MAURY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 28, 1862.

EARL BILL, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Cleveland, Ohio.

SIR: I have to request that you will inform this Department whether proceedings have been commenced in the U. S. courts for the confiscation of the $300 in coin which was seized with the other property belonging to Mr. Rutson Maury at the time of his arrest.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, January 29, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: On December 4, 1861, Lord Lyons informed me that on the 2nd of that month the Solicitor of the Treasury had been requested to direct the U. S. attorney at Cleveland to send my trunks to the care of Her Majesty's consul at New York, thus discontinuing proceedings against them and their contents. I had also at Cleveland deposited $300 in gold in the hands of R. M. N. Taylor, esq., proprietor of the Angier Hotel for safe-keeping until my return there. I have never been able to recover this money and only to-day am informed that my money ($300) is in the hands of James A. Craw, esq., sheriff at Cleveland, seized in the latter part of November last as my property and now held by the sheriff subject to the adjudication of the district court of the United States as to whether it shall or not be confiscated under the act of Congress in that behalf. As I am suffering for this money, my family also, I respectfully ask that the U. S. district attorney at Cleveland be requested to discontinue proceedings and that the money be forwarded to me at Fort Lafayette, are Colonel Burke.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

RUTSON MAURY, Jr.

