
been received. It is impossible to comply for the reason that there are no proceedings pending. The trial was had and the gold condemned and decreed to be forfeited on the 21st ultimo, and James A. Craw, sheriff of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in whose possession the same was, was ordered to pay the money to the clerk of the court, which was done the same day. On the 25th ultimo a final order of distribution was entered ordering one-half paid to the informed and the other into the Treasury of the United States. The proceedings were under the act of August 6, 1861, and my final report to the Solicitor of the Treasury was made January 29. The fact is Rutson Maury, Jr., and M. F. Maury were both engaged in the business of giving aid to the rebels. They had established a regular mail between New Orleans and New York and at the time of their arrest they had between 400 and 600 letters on their way to New Orleans, one of which was a letter from the captain-general of Cuba to Jeff. Davis informing him that the rebel flag had been recognized in Cuba, &amp;c.

Your obedient servant,

ROBERT F. PAINE,

U. S. Attorney.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, February 12, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: * * * Matthew F. Maury requests to defer taking his parole for a few days until he hears from Lord Lyons.

I am, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

NEW YORK, February 12, 1862.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: In pursuance of your instructions of the 5th instant I visited Fort Lafayette and had an interview with Mr. Rutson Maury, a prisoner in that fortress. I have only the man's appearance and manner to guide me to a conclusion in his case. He is undoubtedly a British subject. He tells a story that does not in any respect impeach itself and altogether impresses me as a man to believe. His family (wife and child) are in Alabama and he wishes to go there or to take measures to bring them to him, preferring as I see the former. I think he may be trusted to observe the conditions of any parole you may require and recommend the experiment. If the conditions are that he remain at the North I hope he will be allowed such degree of liberty in correspondence as shall permit him to call his family to him. If he is required to remain here separate from his family there will be a motive constantly operating to induce him to evade his parole. Moreover he should have his family with him if it is possible.

Yours, respectfully,

S. C. HAWLEY.

P. S. - The order to me in this case was not accompanied by any inclosures.

S. C. H.

68 R R-SERIES II, VOL II.

