
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, February 15, 1862.

I, Matthew F. Maury, a prisoner in Fort Warren, do solemnly swear that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So help me God.

MATTHEW F. MAURY.

Sworn and subscribed to before me at Fort Warren on this the 15th day of February, A. D. 1862.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Fort.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd day of February instant the following prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette upon their engaging upon their honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: * * * Rutson Maury. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Horbor, February 22, 1862.

We, the undersigned, do solemnly promise upon our word of honor that we will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

RUTSON MAURY.

[AND 36 OTHERS.]

WASHINGTON, March 1, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: Mr. Rutson Maury has sent me a copy of a letter which he addressed to you on the 13th of last month respecting a sum of $300 in gold belonging to him which appears to have been confiscated by order of the district court of the United States for the northern district of Ohio.

Mr. Maury's imprisonment was naturally an impediment to his taking measures to resist the application to the court for the confiscation of his property. He was moreover informed by a letter which you were so good as to write to him on the 4th ultimo that the U. S. district attorney had been directed to discontinue proceedings against the money and to remit the amount to him to the care of Her Majesty's consul at New York.

Under these circumstances he begs me to call your attention again to the mater in the hope that the sum of which he is still deprived may be restored to him. He also requests me to apply for the restoration of letters addressed to him which were taken from the office of Messrs. Maury Bros., of New York, in the month of November last after having been returned from the Dead-Letter Office at Washington. One he says

