
Warren. Eustis was released by order of the Secretary of State January 1, 1862. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

U. S. CONSULATE-GENERAL, Havana, October 17, 1861.

Major WILLIAM H. FRENCH,

Commanding Military Station, Key West.

SIR: The following telegraphic dispatch unfortunately came to my hand after the Nonpareil had left the harbor. It is from the U. S. consular agent at Cardenas and dated last evening:

The steamer Theodora has just entered this post under the flag of the Southern Confederacy. She comes from Charleston; brings passengers, and among them it is said the French consul and his family.

I will communicate any other information that may reach me.

Respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

THOS. SAVAGE,

U. S. Vice-Consul-General.

U. S. CONSULATE-GENERAL, Havana, October 17, 1861.

Major WILLIAM H. FRENCH, Key West.

SIR: Since mine of this date announcing the arrival of the Theodora at Cardenas I have seen a private letter from that place advising that Mr. Mason and Mr. Slidell have come in her on their way to Europe as commissioners of the rebels at France and England. * * *

Respectfully, yours,

THOS. SAVAGE,

Vice-Consul-General.

NEW YORK, October 30, 1861.

Honorable G. WELLES:

By dispatches from Havana by our steamship Columbia we learn that the steam privateer Theodora, formerly the steamer Gordon, of Charleston, had arrived at Havana with a full cargo, and landed Slidell and Mason with their families. * * *

SPOFFORD, TILESTON &amp; CO.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 6, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a duplicate dispatch received here yesterday from the consul-general of the United States at Havana, on which he reports the arrival * * * of the Theodora from Charleston at Cardenas.

The Department has been informed that the practice of the commanders of ships of the blockading squadron in suspending lanterns from the mastheads of their respective vessels at night is of great service to the vessels of the insurgents intending to run the blockade; giving them exact information as to the position of the blockading ships, and in the absence of light-houses and buoys furnishing to the pilots of the escapig vessels valuable aid in clearing the harbors.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

