
nothing, are implicated in the same criminal acts - recruiting and forwarding men to the Confederate Army. Julius is said to have been concerned in facilitating their passage across the Potomac. It is desirable that they should be sent away from Fort McHenry to some place of security more distant from their friends who are constantly seeking access to them.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

List of prisoners sent to Fort McHenry, October 16, 1861.

William F. McKewen was clerk to the board of police commissioners. He is an active and dangerous rebel; was the leader and adviser of the old police in their rebellions opposition to the Government; he was detected in enlisting men for the rebel army and was going himself.

Robert Renwick, a cabinetmaker of Scotch birth; very boisterous and obnoxious in his opposition to the Government. He was detected in enlisting men for the rebel army. A box of minie rifle balls was found on his premises.

R. H. Bigger, a lawyer; believed to have been commissioned by the rebels as a recruiting officer here. He was detected enlisting men for the rebel army in connection with the two first named in this list (McKewen and Renwick).

George Julius was sent here by General Banks. He has been engaged for some time past in conveying recruits across the Potomac at Marsh Run.

Charles D. French, implicated with Bigger in recruiting for the rebel army.

Robert Rae, implicated with Bigger in recruiting for the rebel army.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, October 18, 1861.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH, Esq.,

District Attorney, New York, N. Y.

SIR: Will you do me the favor to ask Judge Garrison, and please obtain it under his signature, if I go to New York or Brooklyn whether I shall be subject to arrest under his aid warrant and fined?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[FORT COLUMBUS,] October 18, 1861.

Colonel LOOMIS, Commanding.

COLONEL: The prisoners of war J. W. and E. E. Cornell state that their views and feelings have been correctly represented by Mr. E. Cornell in his letter to the Secretary of State, but they decline taking the oath of allegiance, and state that in the event of their doing so their property in North Carolina will be confiscated to the use of the rebellious States and their family turned out of doors. They are willing to take an oath not to bear arm as or serve in any military capacity against the government on condition of being released.

J. UPDEGRAFF,

Captain, Fifth Infantry.

