
taken their passage at Havana in the packet to Saint Thomas and would satisfy myself whether they were on board before allowing his steamer to proceed. Mr. Slidell evidently hearing his name mentioned came up to me and asked if I wanted to see him. Mr. Mason soon joined us, and then Mr. Eustis and Mr. Macfarland when I made known the object of my visit. The captain of the Trent opposed anything like a search of his vessel nor would he consent to show papers or passenger list. The four gentlemen above mentioned protected also against my arresting and sending them to the U. S. steamer near by. There was considerable noise among the passengers just about this time and that led Mr. Houston and Mr. Grace to repair on board with some six or eight men, all armed. After several unsuccessful efforts to persuade Mr. Mason and Mr. Slidell to go with me peaceably I called to Mr. Houston and ordered him to return to the ship with the information that the four gentlemen named in your order of the 8th instant were on board, and force must be applied to take them out of the packet. About three minutes after was still greater excitement on the quarter-deck which brought Mr. Grace with his armed party. I however deemed the presence of any armed men unnecessary and only calculated to alarm the ladies present, and directed Mr. Grace to return to the lower deck where he had been since first coming on board.

It must have been less than half an hour after I boarded the Trent when the second armed cutter under Lieutenant Greer came alongside (only two armed boats being used). He brought in the third cutter eight marines and four machinists in addition to a crew of some twelve men. When the marines and some armed men had been formed just outside of the main-deck cabin where these four gentlemen had gone to pack up their baggage I renewed my efforts to induce them to accompany me on board. Still refusing to accompany me unless force was applied I called in to my assistance four or five officers and first taking hold of Mr. Mason's shoulder with another officer on the opposite side I went as far as the gangway of the steamer and delivered him over to Lieutenant Greer to be placed in the boat. I then returned for Mr. Slidell who insisted that I must apply considerable force to get him to go with me. Calling in at least three officers he was also taken in charge and handed over to Mr. Greer. Mr. Macfarland and Mr. Eustis after protecting went queitly into the boat. They had been permitted to collect their baggage but were sent in advance of it under charge of Lieutenant Greer. I gave my personal attention to the luggage, saw it put in a boat and sent in charge of an officer to the San Jacinto.

When Mr. Slidell was taken prisoner a great deal of noise was made by some of the passengers which caused Lieutenant which caused Lieutenant Greer to send the marines into the cabin. The were immediately ordered to return to their former position outside. I carried out my purpose without using any force beyond what appears in this report. The mail agent, who is a retired commander in the British navy, seemed to have a great deal to say as to the propriety of my course, but I purposely avoided all official intercourse with him. When I finally was leaving the steamer he made some appology for his rude conduct and expressed personally his approval of the manner in which I had carried out my orders.

We parted company from the Trent at 3. 20 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. M. FAIRFAX,

Lieutenant and Executive Officer.

