
P. S. - I desire to add that it was about 1. 35 p. m. when I went alongside of the Trent. There were but two armed boats used during the day. A third boat the crew of which were unarmed went alongside during the detention. When I first went on board with the marines and at intervals during my stay the officers of the steamer made a great many irritating remarks to each other and to the passengers which were evidently intended for our benefit. Among other things said were: "Did you ever hear of such an outrage?" "Marines on board! Why, this looks devilish like mutiny. " "These Yankees will have to pay well for this. " "This is the best thing in the world for the South; England will open the blookade. " "We will have a good chance at them now. " "Did you ever hear of such a piratical act?" "Why, this is a perfect Bull Run. " "They would not have dared to have done it if an English man-of-war had been in sight. " The mail agent (a man in the uniform of a commander in the royal navy I think) was very indignant and talkative and tried several times to get me into a discussion of the matter. I told him I was not there for that purpose. He was very bitter. He told me that the English squadron would raise the blockade in twenty days after his report of this outrage (I think he said outrage) got home; that the Northerners might as well give up now, &amp;c. Most all the officers of the vessel showed an undisguised hatred for the Northern people and a sympathy for the Confederates. I will do the captain of the vessel the justice to say that he acted differently from the rest, being when I saw him very reserved and dignified. The officers and men of our party took no apparent notice of the remarks that were made and acted with the greatest forbearance.

Respectfully,

JAS. A. GREER.

[Inlcosure Numbers 5.]

U. S. STEAMER SAN JACINTO, At Sea, November 13, 1861.

Captain CHARLES WILKES, Commanding.

SIR: In obedience to your order of the 11th instant I respectfully report:

That upon going alongside of the English steamer Trent on the 8th of this month Lieutenant Fairfax went on board ordering the boatswain and myself to remain in the boat. A few minutes after this my attention was attracted by persons speaking in a loud and excited manner upon the steamer's upper deck. While considering its meaning the noise was repeated which decided me to join Lieutenant Fairfax immediately on board, and I found him surrounded by the officers of the ship and passengers, among whom I recognized Messrs. Mason, Slidell and Eustis. The confusion at this time passes description. So soon, however, as he could be heard the mail agent (who was a retired lieutenant or commander in the British navy) protected against the act of removing passengers from an English steamer.

Lieutenant Fairfax requested Mr. Mason to go quietly to the San Jacinto but that gentleman replied that he would "yield only to force," whereupon I was ordered to our ship to report the presence of the above-named gentlemen together with Mr. Macfarland and ask that the remainder of our force be sent to the Trent, after which I returned to her and entering the cabin saw Mr. Fairfax endeavoring to enter Mr. Slidell's room which was then prevented in a measure by the excitement which prevailed in and around that gentleman's quarters. The passengers (not including Messrs. Mason, Slidell, Eustis or Macfurland)

