
Macfarland were found. I remained in the gangway till Messrs. Mason, Slidell, Eustis and Macfarland shoved off, Lieutenant Greer having charge of the gentlemen.

There was a great deal of excitement and talking during the whole time, the officers of the steamer endeavoring particularly to thwart Lieutenant Fairfax in carrying out his orders. They also used very harsh expressions toward us, calling us pirates, piratical exped threatened to open our blockade in a few weeks. At one time the officers and passengers made a demonstration. At the moment the marine guard came hastily in the cabin, but were immediately ordered back by Lieutenant Fairfax.

As far as I am able to judge everything was conducted on our part in a peaceable, quiet and gentlemanly manner, and most remarkably so by Lieutenant Fairfax who certainly had sufficient cause to resort to arms. I remained about the Trent till after the baggage belonging to the gentlemen had been sent, and finally returned to this ship with Lieutenant Greer.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. HALL,

Third Assistant Engineer, U. S. Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

U. S. STEAMER SAN JACINTO, At Sea, November 12, 1861.

Captain CHARLES WILKES,

Commanding U. S. Steamer San Jacinto.

SIR: In compliance with your order of yesterday I have the honor to state the following:

Between the hours of 1. 30 and 2 p. m. on Friday, November 8, I boarded the mail steamer Trent in the third cutter under the command of Lieutenant James A. Greer, of this ship. Immediately after my arrival on board the Trent I was called into the cabin by Lieutenant Fairfax who was endeavoring to persuade Mr. Mason to go peaceably on board the San Jacinto which he obstinately refused to do, and said he would only go by force. Lieutenant Fairfax then said, "Gentlemen" (addressing the officers of this ship then present, Mr. George W. Hall, third assistant engineer; Mr. H. P. Grace, boatswain, and myself), "lay your hands on Mr. Mason," which we accordingly did. Mr. Mason then said, "I yield to force," or words to that effect, when a gentleman alongside in uniform, apparently an officer of the Trent, said, "Under protest. " Mr. Mason then said, "I yield to force under protest and will go. "

There was a great deal of excitement on board during this time, and the officers and passengers of the steamer were addressing us by numerous opprobrious epithets such as calling us pirates, villains, traitors, &amp;c. The above occurred on the port side of the cabin. Immediately after I was ordered by Lieutenant James A. Greer to take charge on the starboard side, as some of our boats were coming alongside to take the personal effects of the prisoners. I remained there until about 3. 15 p. m. when I was ordered by Lieutenant James A. Greer to return on board the San Jacinto in charge of a portion of the prisoners' baggage.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT G. SIMPSON,

Paymaster's Clerk.

