
[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

U. S. STEAMER SAN JACINTO, At Sea, November 12, 1861.

Captain CHARLES WILKES.

SIR: In obedience to your order I hereby state that I was one of those who boarded the Trent mail packet. Mr. Mason and Messrs. Macfarland and Eustis stepped quietly into the boats and were removed to the San Jacinto. Mr. Shidell, however, on a flat refusal to leave the ship in any other manner was by a gentle application of force placed in the boat and removed.

Everything was conducted in an orderly, gentlemanly manner as far as it came under my observation.

I remain, your obedient servant,

CHARLES B. DAHLGREN,

Masher's Mate.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

U. S. STEMER SAN JACINTO, At Sea, November 12, 1861.

Captain CHARLES WILKES,

Commanding U. S. Steamer San Jacinto.

SIR: In obedience to your orders of the 12th instant I have the honor to make the following statement:

On the 8th instant about 1. 30 p. m. I was ordered to accompany Lieutenant D. M. Fairfax in the second cutter to board the mail steamer Trent, then hove to under the guns of the San Jacinto. Lieutenant Fairfax ordered Mr. Houston and myself to remain in the boat while he went on board. A few minutes after Mr. Fairfax boarded her we heard some loud talking on deck and Mr. Houston went on board to see if Mr. Fairfax needed assitance. He shortly returned and delivered Lieutenant Fairfax's order that I should come on board with the crew. I came on board, found Mr. Fairfax surrounded by ladies and gentlemen and reported to him. He ordered me to remain in the gangway with the men. He was talking at the time to Mr. Mason, persuading him to come on board the San Jacinto without further force being used. Soon after another boat came alongside in charge of Lieutenant James A. Greer. He went in the cabin. Soon afterward Lieutenant Fairfax ordered me to wait on Mr. Slidell to the boat. At this order some of the passengers began to shout and the marines rushed in the cabin but Lieutenant Fairfax ordered them back to the gangway. I saw Mr. Slidell in the second cutter. Messrs. Mason, Eustis and Macfarland were in the boat. Mr. Greer returned with those gentlemen to the San Jacinto and I was charged to bring the baggage and effects of the gentlemen on board the San Jacinto, which I did and reported my return to Lieutenant Breese. All the officers of this ship that boarded her have been grossly abused by the officers and passengers of the mail steamer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

H. P. GRACE,

Boatswain, U. S. Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]

U. S. STEAMER SAN JACINTO, At Sea, November 9, 1861.

Captain WILKES, U. S. Navy, Commanding San Jacinto.

SIR: We desire to communicate to you by this memorandum the facts attending our arrest yesterday on boart the British mail steamer Trent by your order and our transfer to this ship.

