
been stricken from the rolls of the U. S. Navy. This is consequence of my "Having refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. " By this exercise of the power vested in you I have been punished for an alleged offense. It is not for me to comment upon the justice of my dismissal, but in the most respectful manner I do complain of my imprisonment, which must in your judgment result from some act of mine deserving of it and from your right to inflict it. By no act nor intention nor in any manner whatsoever have I offended against the military or civil law of the United States, except having refused to obey an order which you deem merited my dismissal from the naval service.

Being thus released from my duty as an officer of the Government by you it is impossible for me to see by what right I am detained in confinement. I hope, sir, that you will see the truth and reason in my case as I state it. The position of an enemy to the United States is being forced upon me by my continuance in prison. I am confident that nothing upon the records of the Navy Department will warrant such treatment, and will all respect I ask you to release me and to restore to me that liberty of person to which every innocent man is entitled. In the name of law and justice I respectfully protest against my detention in prison.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. P. LOYALL,

Late Lieutenant in the U. S. Navy.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 15, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.

SIR: Whilst on board the U. S. ship Macedonian in the Gulf of Mexico in May last I tendered my resignation as a lieutenant in the U. S. Navy. From the date of my resignation (May 26) up to the 12th day of August - when I received a communication from the navy Department informing me that my name had been stricken from the rolls of the Navy - I continued performing my duty faithfully to be Government. On the receipt of my dismissal from the Navy I in good faith, never dreaming of injustice at the hands of the United States Government, accepted a passage home in the U. S. store-ship Release, kindly granted by Lieutenant-Commander Frailey. On my arrival in New York on board the aforesaid U. S. vessel I was arrested without any charge being made against me on the 3rd day of August last, and have been confined in the fort up to the present date without being charged with any offense whatsoever. Conscious as I am of having committed none I respectfully call your attention to this act of injustice in that I confined in the United Government for my assurance and right to personal liberty, and protect against my past, present and future confinement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WARD.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 19, 1861.

Bvt. Colonel J. DIMICK, U. S. Army, Boston, Mass.

SIR: You have been assigned to the command of Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, that you may take charge of the political prisoners and

