
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, November 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Pursuant to the instructions contained in your telegraphic dispatch of the 16th instant I boarded on the evening of the 18th instant between the hours of 5 and 6 p. m. abreast of the Highland Lights the steamer San Jacinto having on board Messrs. Mason and Slidell, commissioners of the Confederate States, and their secretaries, Macfarland and Eustis, and proceeded with the ship to Fort Warren where I delivered the parties into the custody of Colonel Dimick, in charge of the fort.

I thoroughly searched and examined their baggage but found no papers of any description whatever.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

FORT WARREN, Buston Harbor, November 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to report arrival at this port of prisoners James M. Mason, John Slidell, George Eustis and J. E. Macfarland. They were received of Captain Wilkes, U. S. Navy, on the morning of the 24th instant.

I have the honor to be, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, November 25, 1861.

(Received December 9.)

[EARL RUSSELL, London.]

MY LORD: No authoritative declaration has to my knowledge been made by the United States Government of the view which it takes of the capture of Messrs. Mason and Slidell on board the Trent. Certainly no communication has been made to me on the subject. I have neither sought nor avoided an interview with Mr. Seward, but it has so happened that I have not seen him nor indeed any member of the Government since the intelligence of the capture arrived.

The discussion of the question of ints continued in the newspapers. I inclose the most remarkable articles* which have appeared in them since I wrote my dispatch dated three days ago. The tone of the press may be considered to be on the whole moderate.

I have, &amp;c.,

LYONS.

BOSTON, November 26, 1861.

Honorable G. WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

Telegram relative to search of baggage received. Captain Wilkes absent in Boston. Will see him in an hour and telegraph.

WM. L. HUDSON,

Commandant, Navy-Yard.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

