
BOSTON, November 26, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy:

Captain Wilkes informs me that the baggage of the rebel commissioners was not examined by him, they being under the control of the marshal. My letter by the mail of this evening shows my action in relation to your first telegram on this subject.

W. L. HUDSON.

NAVY-YARD, Boston, November 26, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the telegram relative to the examination of the effects of the rebel commissioners was received at 5 p. m. on the 22nd instant. At 6 p. m. I dispatched it under charge of an officer in a tug for Fort Warren. It was handed to Colonel Dimick, as per the inclosed copies of my letters on the subject. The San Jacinto arrived twenty-four hours subsequently at Fort Warren thus giving ample time for the fulfillment of your telegram.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. HUDSON,

Commandan.

[Inclosure.]

NAVY-YARD, Boston, November 22, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK,

Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you a letter to Captain Wilkes containing a telegram just received from the honorable Secretary of the Navy. In order to carry out the views of the Secretary I have to request you will cause the letter to be handed Captain Wilkes before he shall permit a passenger or prisoner to land at the fort under your command. Be pleased to peruse the letter before sealing.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. HUDSON,

Commandant.

[Sab-inclosure.]

NAVY-YARD, Boston, November 22, 1861.

Captain CHARLES WILKES, Commanding Steamer San Jacinto.

SIR: I inclose for your action copy of telegram just received from the Navy Department. Be pleased to carry out the wishes of the Department to the fullest extent in your power:

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 22, 1861.

Captain WILLIAM L. HUDSON, Navy-Yard:

Direct Captain Wilkes immediately on his arrival to have the effects of the rebel commissioners on board the San Jacinto thoroughly examined, and whatever papers may be found to send them by special messenger to the Department. Answer per telegraph.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

I have informed the Department of the receipt of its telegram.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant.

W. L. HUDSON,

Commandant.

