
greatly misunderstoo the instructions which he had received; for the Government of the United States must be fully aware that the British Government could not allow suh an affront to the national honor to pass without full reparation, and Her Majesty's Government are unwilling to believe that it could be the deliberate intention of the Government of the United States unnecessarily to force into discussion between the two Governments a question of so grave a character and with regard to which the whole British nation would be sure to entertain sucjh unanimity of feeling.

Her Majesty's Government therefore trust that when this matter

shall have been brought under the consideration of the Government of the United States that Government will of its own accord offer to the British Government such redress as alone could satisfy the the British nation, namely, the liberation of the four gentlement and their delivery to your lordship in order that they mayu again be placed under British protection and a suitable apology for the aggression which has been committed. Should these terms not be offered by Mr. Seward you will propose them to him.

You are at liberty to read this dispatch to the Secretary of State and if he shall desire it you will give him a copy of it.

I am, &amp;c.,

RUSSELL.

FOREIGN OFFICE, [London,] November 30, 1861.

[LORD LYONS, &C., Washington.]

MY LORD: In my previous dispatch of this date I have instructed you by command of Her Majesty to make certain demands of the Government of the United States.

Should Mr. Seward ask for delay in order that this grave and painful matter should be deliberately considered you will consent to a delay not exceeding seven days. If at the end of that time no answer is given, or if any other answer is given except that of a comliance with the demands of Her Majesty's Government your lordship is instructed to leave Washington with all the members of your legation, bringing with you the archives of the legation and to repair immediately to London. If, however, you should be of the opinion that the requirements of Her Majesty's Government are substantially complied with you may report the facts to Her Majesty's Government for their consideration and remain at your post until you receive further orders.

You will communicate with Vice-Admiral Sir A. Milne immediately upon receiving the answer of the American Government and you will send him a copy of that answer together with such observations as you may think fit to make. You will also give all the information in your power to the governors of Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Jamaica, Bermuda and such other of Her Majesty's possessions as may be within your reach.

* * * * * * *

I am, &c.,

RUSSELL.

FOREIGN OFFICE, [London,] November 30, 1861.

[Lord LYONS, &c., Washington.]

MY LORD: Mr. Adams called upon me yesterday at the foreign office by my desire. I asked him whether he had any information or

