
It was then thatt Lieutenant Fairfax waved his hand toward the San Jacinto and addiional force was sent. The marines were drawn up at the entry port, bayonets fixed; and on Miss Slidell uttering an hysterical scream on her being separated from her father-that is on his breaking the window of his cabin and thrusting his body through to escape from the distressing scene of forcible separation from his family-they rushed into the passage at the charge. There were upward of sixty armed men in all, and the aforesaid gentleman were then taken out of the ship, an armed guard on either side of seizing them by the collar of the coat.

Every inducement was held out so far as importunate persuasion would go to prevail on Mrs. Slidell and Mrs. Eustis with the son and three daughters of the former to accompany therir husbands, but as they did not wish their wives to be subjected to imprisonment (Lieutenant Fairfax having replied to Mrs. Slidell's inquiry as to their disposal if they did accompany them that they would be sent to Washington) they remained ob board the Trent and came to England in the La Plata.

The ships getting somewhat farther apart than when this affair commenced a boat came from the San Jacinto to request us to approach nearer, to which I replied that they had the same power as ourselves and if they wished to be nearer to us they had their own remedy.

Preamble and resolution adopted by the House of Representatives December 3, 1861.

Whereas Colonel Alfred M. Wood, of the Fourteenth Regiment New York State Militia, who was wounded and taken prisoner at the battle of Bull Run, has now by rebel authorities been ordered to confinement in a felon's prison, and by the same order is to be tread as a prisoner convicted of infamous crimes: Therefore.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be respectfully requested to order John Slidell to the same character of prison and to the same treatment until Colonel Wood shall be trated as the United States have treated all prisoners taken in battle.

CONFIDENTIAL.] LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

London, December 3, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: The Persia has not brought to me any dispatches touching this unfortunate difficulty between the two countries. In the meantime the feeling is running very high on this side and little onfidence is entertained of the possibility of preservations. I confess after examining the American journals and the current of opinion in the absence of all knowledge of the views of the Government I am making my arrangements for the termination of my stay at this post, preparatory to the reception which I expect with the return of Lord Lyons.

That a very strong argument as against the British Government can be made in justification of the act seizure does not admit of a coubt. The whole sirit of their policy on the ocean for centuries has been dictatorial and especially toward the United States in their earlier days. At the same time it is not to be denied that the position taken by

