
DETROIT, December 18, 1861.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

Why not consider the English construction of the law of nations as a proposition for our acceptance and accept it, and thus terminate the Mason and Slidell controversy by discharging them?

I do not know precisely their construction but it undoubteldly increases the immunity of neutrals and diminishes the powers of belligerents, and whatever does that is of more advantage to us than to England because war is an exceptional state with us and a common one with her. We preserve our honor and promote our interests by this procedure. The power to arrest rebel agents on board neutrals is of very little practical importance to us.

For the views of ths Government as to the dangers of belliigerent pretensions see a letter from Department of State to Mr. Mason, minister at France, dated June 27, 1859.

LEWIS CASS.

NEW YORK, December 18, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

General Jackson endeared himself to the American people by being determined and fearless upon all great national questions, but he had not in his day 3,000,000 men ready to take the field as this Government has at the time you are Secretary of State. I really hope you will accomomdate England to her heart's content. My impression is this Government has not power enough to surrender Slidell and Mason. I hope you will not consider this trason enough to send me to Fort Warren.

Yours, &amp;c.

RICHARD SCHELL.

NEW YORK, December 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: As every authentic proof of the state of public opinion in Great Britam may have some weight and be of some service to you in managing the delicate and momentous negotiations now pending with the English Governmet I beg to send a copy of a letter recently received from my nephew, Mr. James Lorimer, Jr., a gentleman of character an intelligence who has access to a wide circle of the best people in Scotlad. Of the accuracy of his observations and the truth of his statements you may be fully assured.

Allow me to hope that this sudden fever of apprehensiom may be soon followed by peace and confidence and the Governmet left once more to the great task of crushing this unnatural rebellion.

I am, dear sir, with high regard, your obedient servant,

JAMES LORIMER GRAHAM.

[Inclosure.]

EDINBURGH, November 29, 1861.

JAMES LORIMER GRAHAM, Esq., 108 Broadway, New York.

MY DEAR UNCLE: Yours of the 10th and 12th of November have been duly received together with the copy of the paper announcing your patriotic subscription to the national loan.

