
that the parties he demanded were before him under the protection of the British flag, and claiming same they would not consent to be taken out of the ship except by force of arms. They were then seized by order of the U. S. officer and after being allowed a short time to collect some necessaries and separate themselves from their families they were forcidly dreagged out of the ship by the armed force, notwithstanding the strong and repeated protest by master of the Trent and Commander William against and act of hostility and violence committed on a vessel carrying the British flag by a ship of war of a nation on terms of peace and amilty with

Her Britannic Majesty's Government, to which protest the officer of the San Jacinto replied that he was obeying his orders to effect the arrest at al hazards.

That from the time the first boat was sent to the Trent the San Jacinto lay on the port beam about 200 yards off with her ports open, her guns (seven broadside iron-pivot) run out, tompions out and crew at quarters; that the American officer before leaving the Trent made a further demand that the commander of the Trent should proceed on board the San Jacinto, to which the reply was made that he would not leave the ship unless taken out by force of arms. Against all of which illegal, hostile and piratical acts as before detailed the said James Moir, on his own behalf as a British subject commanding a British ship engaged in the postal service of Her Majesty and on behalf of all others whom it may concern, did declare to protest as by these present he doth solemnly protest against all and every persons, officers and governments directly or indirectly concerned in said ellegal and hostile acts, holding them liable for all losses, damages and consequences of the same. And I, the said consul, at the request of he said James Moir, master of the said ship Trent, do hereby solemnly protest against the same, manner and form aforesaid.

This done, &amp;c., at the port of Saint Thomas.

JAMES MOIR,

Master of H. M. S. Trent.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 28, 1861.

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, ESQ.

SIR: Your dispatches of December 3 and December 6 have been received. They relate generally to the affair of the Trent and the condition of the public mind on that subject. I send you ten copies of the correspondence which has taken place between Lord Lyons and myself on the subject, which I trust will satisfy the Government of Great Britain that the United States are as incapable of doing a wrong or offering and affrong to the British nation as they are careful of their own rights and honor.

I am, sir, yours obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 28, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

SIR: You will please deliver into the custody of Mr. E. D. Webster, a special agent of this Department, James M. Mason, John Slidell, J. E. Macfarland and George Eustin, prisoners in Fort Warren, in regare irections* which he will explain to you.

---------------

* These instructions not found.

---------------

