
Government of the United States, and I apprehend that serious illness among the inmates will be the consequence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BROWN,

Mayor of Baltimore.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, October 21, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding Forts Hamilton and Lafayette.

COLONEL: I find on inquiry of the prisoners that they do not care about having a chaplain. Some of them on being asked replied, "No; especially an abolitionist. " In making this report I give the expression of the majority.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 22, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 21st instant with its inclosure from Mayor Brown. In reply I have to inform you that I have directed Colonel Burke to discharge Captain Charles M. Hagelin on his taking the oath coupled with certain obligations.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 22, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let Charles M. Hagelin, a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. You will please make the stipulations a part of the oath. I transmit this order to Robert Murray, esq., U. s. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharge from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

