
me that he received Mr. Mason and Mr. Slidell on board Her Majesty's ship Rinaldo at Provincetown on the 1st instant and intended to put to sea at once and make the best of his way to Halifax.

I have also the honor to transmit to you a copy of a note which I have received to-day from Mr. Frederick Seward, who is acting as Secretary of State in the absence of his farther. It announces to me officialy the delivery of the four gentlemen to the commander of the Rinaldo. I add a copy of a note which I have written to Mr. Seward in reply.

I have learned from the newspeapers that the Rinaldo actually sailed from Provincetown on the 1st instant. Intelligence of her arrival at Halifax has not, however, yet reached Washington.

I have, &amp;c.

LYONS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

RINALDO, Provincetown Harbor, January 1, 1862.

[Lord LYONS, Washington.]

MY LORD: I have the honor to inform your lordship that I left New York on the 30th ultimo and arrived at Provincetown early this morning, and waited until evening when Messrs. Mason and Slidell and companions came on board from an American tug-boat from Boston.

According to your lordship's instructions I received them without form or ceremony.

Although the barometer is falling considerably I intend putting to sea at once and making the best of may way to Halifax.

I have, &c.,

W. HEWETT.

P. S. -The gentlemen remarked that their only wish was to proceed to Europe.

W. H.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WASHINGTON, January 6, 1862.

[Lord LYONS.]

MY LORD: I have the honor to inform you that at 4 p. m. on Wednesday last, the 1st instant, Messrs. Mason, Slidell, Eustin and Macfarland, citizen of the United States, who were taken from the British mail steamer Trent by order of Captain Wilkes, of the U. S. war steamer San Jacinto, were delivered to the custody of the commandre of the British war steamer Rinaldo at Provincetown in the State of Massachusetts.

I avail, &c.,

F. W. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WASHINGTON, January 6, 1862.

[F. W. SEWARD.]

SIR: I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of the note dated to-day in which you have done me the honor to announce to me that Messrs. Mason, Slidell, Eustin and Marfarland were delivered to the commander of Her Majesty's ship Rinaldo at Provincetown, in the State of Massachusetts, on the 1st instant.

I have on my part the honor to inform you that the commander of Her Majesty's ship the Rinaldo, who was deputed by me to receive the

