
four gentlemen, has reported to me that they were duly delivered to him on board that ship at the time and place above mentioned.

I have, &amp;c.,

LYONS.

U. S. LEGATION, The Hague, January 9, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: * * * The telegraph of to-day announces the settlement of the Trent feeling of relief afforded to Europe by this news.

It may seem to some a paradox but it is nevertheless true that the act of surrendering Mason and Slidell will vasty elevate and improve the position of the United States Government at every court in Europe. It paves the way for a genuine sympathy in its efforts to subdue the rebelion.

It has been only the friends of the United States abroad who for more than a month of gloomy forebodings have steadily and alone maintained that our Government had the strength and the virtue to treat a momentous crisis in the national life with wisdom and self-denial.

Everywhere it has been believed and avowed by ruling classes that at such a crisis a headlong democracy was sure to drive the Govermnemt into the board road to national ruin. That it should act upon the counsels of discretion in such a delicate and critical emergency is a surprise that will extort their involuntary respect and admiration.

Whether England is right or wrong in her date demands the universal conviction among wise men of all shades of political opinion so far as my experience goes has been that the only true course open to our Government under existing circumstances was to yied to them. It was and is believed that the decision of the question of their justice could be safely left to the future, and the whatever that decision might be under no circumstances could we be the loser.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JAMES S. PIKE.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Brussels, January 9, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: * * * A dispatch from the English Government to its representative have been given up.

Should this prove to be the case the effect will be highly favorable to us in continental Europe. The Eagerness with which the different powers have hastened to put us in the wrong and England in the right-the desire evinced that we should not defend English law, but yield-shows if not a lively interest in the preservation of the Union as a conterpoise at least a lively jealousy at the increase of British influence, the augmentation of whose power they wish to thwart.

I observe that it all their notes they make a point of avoiding an expression of opinion on the legal question because they know the seizure was in conformity with the principle of law as declarede and practiced by Great Britain and submitted to by all others, though the principle has always been opposed or reluctantly yielded by the cntinental powers and ourselves.

