
its success as to place its continuance at least for another year almost beyond doubt. It will therefore by in a situation to act with firmness and independence should it be included to resist any hasty movements.

Whether that inclunation does or does not exist is the problem. If I were to judge from the temper shown in certain presses believed to be prompted by the prime minister I should augur a very unfavoralbe result. On the other hand I think I had a right to infer from the language of Lord Russell in our very latest conference that there was no disposition to embarrass us so long as there was a reasonable prospect of our success. Besides this so marked has been the late development of a disciplination to a war with the United States among the quiet and religious citizens ofses, and practicularly when its practical effect would be the establishment of a slave-holding oligarchy with which they have no sympathy whatever, that any policy entered into with an apparent desire to revive that masure for the benefit of the latter would scarcely meet with a second response like the last. From all these considerations I am inclined to conlude that without the occurrence of any new disturbing matter the probatilities are rather in favor of the continuance of diplomatic relations for some time to come.

Yet so doubtful of I regard it that I cannot help wishing for the occurrence of some dicisive event in the war which would completely turn the current of opinion in our favor. It is not for me to interfere in any manner with the course of the operations in the field. I am well aware of the difficulties in the way of action and entertain too lively a recollection of the consequences of the disaster at Bull Run to favor precipitation anywhere. At the same time I cannot fail to perceive the force of the argument constantly pressed here in a community which measures military result by the sole standard of success of the apparent inability to command it. I feel that one clear victory at home might perhaps save us a foreing war, and so feeling it can scarcely be woundered at if I look forward to it more than ordinary anxiety. An advance into the rebelious States would be as productive of sensible result in Parliament here as on the spot itself, whilst a decided triumph would put a more effective stop to Confederate operations in England than all the labors of orators and statesmen and philosophers on both countries combined.

* * * * * * *

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES.

Stockholm, January 10, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that we have received by telegram intellingence of the peaceable settlement of our difficulty with England. The news has been received with great satisfaction. I tulated by several legations. The press of Sweden is free; the American side of the question was taken by one of the most influential papers and discussed with great vigor and ability. * * *

I remain, your obedient servant,

J. S. HALDEMAN.

74 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

