
I take pleasure in saying that the English ambassador here, Lord Bloomfield, was an as unaffectedly sincere in his desire for an amicable settlement of affair and as maganimous and courteous in his attitude asthe best friend of either country could desire. I may add that all my coleagues manifested the greatest anziety that peace should by preserved, although it was very difficult for me to inspire many of them with much of my confidence that this result would be secured.

In regard to the Imperial Government of Austria you have already been informed of theirs views by the letters of Count Rechberg to His Majesty's respresentative at Washington of December 18. I had one or two interviews with the minister during the interval of suspense and tok occasion to express with much energy my confidence in the pacific intentions of our Govenment. Count. Rechberg while enlarging with fervor on the calamitous result to the world of a rupture and a war between the United States and Great Britain stated his doubts whether our Government was strong enough to resit the popular pressume o confront the popular passion by firmly maintaining the law even at the risk of what might seem like concession.

I told him that the Americans were a reasonable and law-abiding people; that if they were convinced the demands of England were founded in justice and reason and were not accompanied by menace they would sustain their Government in every honorable concesion. The picture of the Untited States Government overbone by a tumultous, violent, uneducated and unreasoning mob had been painted by hostile and foreign pencils and the model did not exit in nature.

So soon as the result had so amply justified the predictions I had ventured I had another interview with Count Rechberg. The minister in very warm language expressed his satisfaction at the pacific termination to this affair and begged me to convey to the President and to yourself his most sincere congratulations and thanks for able, temperate, courageous and statesmanlike manner in which the Government had borne itself thoughout these trying circumstances. Especially he commended the concluding dispatch of the Secretary of State to Lord Lyons.

Lord Bloomfield too expressed to me his deep satisfaction that the danger of war between the two nations had been averted and his hope that more amicable relations that ever might succeed to this mutual misunderstanding. Nearly every one of my colleagues here have expressed themselves to the same effect and in the strongest terms, and all compliment and congratulate the United States Government upon the prudent and honorable course which it has adopted. These expressions have been so spontaneous and energetic that there can be no doubt of the feeling of relief which is experienced in this part of the continent by the removal of the impending danger.

The reason why the Government here should deprecate a great maritime conflict between the United States and Great Britain with its invevitalbe result in Europe are too obvious to need comment. Moreover the consequence of this affair has been to draw from the great powers strong vindications of the rights of neutrals and of the freedom of the seas, always chershed by the United States when neutral, and it is the that a victory has been gained for humanity and civilization by the issue of the Trent affair. It may be confidently arrested that there is not true friend to America nor to humanity that does not sincerely rejoice in the decision of the President.

