
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 25, 1861.

L. C. BAKER.

SIR: you will arrest S. W. Ashly and O. B. Caruthers and convey them to Fort Lafayette. secure their papers and remit them to this Department. This process is not to be executed outside the United States.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, October 25, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have sent to Fort Columbus to-day the following prisoners, viz: William F. McKewen, R. H. Bigger, Robert Renwick, Charles D. French, citizens of Baltimore, confined October 16, 1861; Robert Rae, confined October 17, 1861. * * * John D. Cudendorf, citizen or supposed to be so, cut acting in the capacity of a spy in conveying information to the rebels. Thomas B. Giles, Joseph Bacon, S. B. Frost, citizens of Delaware, confined October 23, 1861.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

DENVER, COLO. TER., October 26, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Resting under the impression that most of our letters to washington miscarry unless they go by private hand and that the governor does [not] attach the same importance to frequent reports to the Government that I do, I venture to overstep my line of official duty by writing you again.

We have news to-day that Captain Otis, at Fort Wise, captured a portion of the rebels raised in this Territory by the notorious Captain McKee to whom I recently denied the writ of habeas corpus. They had attacked a party of loyal people on the Arkansas, who found a way to send word to Fort Wise, when Captain Otis sallied out with his cavalry and made them prisoners. That will help us some if it does not bring upon us the Cherokees who have joined the rebels and are quick to avenge what they conceive to be an insult to Georgians. To make this point apparent to you it is needful to say that the gold of this region was first discovered by Georgians and Cherokee half-breeds, who have served as mountaineers here for twenty years. The road which sweeps from the Indian reservations south of Kansas through here to what is called on the maps the South Pass bears the name of the Cherokee trail; and although the Cheyennes have traveled it most lately they still claim it as their. In consequence of their relationship to and old associations with Georgians the thousands of Georgians residing here from whom the rebellion arose appeared to calculate from the start that they could make a consequent of Colorado by the aid of the Cherokees. The notorious A. B. Miller, who headed the first party of rebels here, went at first to Fort Smith and leaving his party there went to Richmond for orders, and then returned to the Chero-

