
American affairs. The indications of this disposition have become far more decided since the expectations formed from the case of the Trent have been disappointed. The first pretext seized on in France and eargerly caught up here has been the alleged destruction of the harbor of Charleston, and so impressible is the popular mind in both countries to any unfavorable representation of our action that many of those really well disposed joined in the clamor ewere possessed of any of the facts. The next will be the inefficiency of the blocade or else its excessive severity. And so it will go on until the public opinion shall be worked up to the proper pitch to sanction a positive interference. Already the Observer, one of the newspaper occasionally used as an organ of the minister, has distinctly alluded to the necessity of another Navarino, whilst another, the Globe, in a more subdued tone hints with equal significance at the expediency of an armed intervention to put a stop to the war.

* * * * * * *

I regret to say that the favorable indications developed for a few days after the reception of the answer in the case of the Trent are not bringhtening. We are now preparing for the meeting of Parliament when the course of the ministry will be more clearly defined and the temper of the House of Commons be tested. I shall do all in my power to fortify the action of our friends, but in order to do so effectually it will be necessary for me to be kept continually informed of the views of the Government on any and all the question that are likely to come into controversy. I have already been asked to give some light about the policy in filling up the [Charleston] harbor of which I have no information. Yet I am well convinced that nothing will long avail to prevent a recognition if not positive intervention unless it be success in the field at home. The latest accounts of the state of things in the insurgent country as shown from their own newspaper have done something to check confidence heretofore felt in the solidity of their situation. Any information of an authentic character touching the efficiency of the blokade, or their resources, their domestic condition, the disposition of the slaves and their political objects which could be supplied to me might be used to some advantage. The impression has been that they embody all the wisdom, all the military skill and all the propriety of deportment to be found in America. We whomay smile at this singular hallucination, but the fact if not corrected will be not the less an element in the formation for an ultimate policy in Europe.

In conclusion I will venture to say that the course of events in America during the next six weeks must in a great measure determine the future of the Government of the United States. For it is they and they only which can control the manner in which foreign nations will make up their minds hereafter to consider them. And in this sense the absence of action will be almost equally decisive.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Saint Petersburg, January 24, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, &amp;c.

SIR: I called on Prince Gortchakoff to-day at his own request when he read me the letter which he had already dispatches to Baron de

