
That in the opinion of this meeting, considering the ill-disguised efforts here on all American questions to embroil us on any pretext in war with millions of our kinsmen, to decry democratic institutions under the trials to which the Republic is exposed, it is the duty of workingmen especially as unrepresented in the national Senate to express their sympthy with the United States in their gigantic struggle for the preservation of the Union; to denounce the flagrant dishonesty and slave-holding advoncaty of the Times and kindred journals of the aristocracy and to exercise an emhatic expression of public opinion in favor of the strictest interpretation of the doctrine of non-intervention in the affairs of the United States; in favor of the reference of all disputes which may arice to arbitration or to the settlement by commissioners specially appointed by each State; to denounce the war policy of the strokjobbing journals, and to give expression to the warmest sympathy with the Abolitionists of America in their efforts to convert the struggle to an ultimate settlement of the slavery question.

Signed in behalf of the committee.

THOMAS STEDMAN,

Chairman.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 3, 1862.

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, Esq., &amp;c.

SIR: Your dispatch of the 17th ultimo was received on the 1st instant by the same mail which brought to Lord Lyons the reply of Earl Russell to the note of the British minister which conveyed my answer on the subject of the capture of the Trent. A copy of that reply was delivered to me by Lord Lyons.

This paper and other official communications from London authorized us to suppose that the friendly relations between Great Britain and the United States are now established on a permanent foundation. A note addressed by M. Thouvenel to Mr. Mercier has been submitted by him to me, which is regarded as assuring us that France too entertains no designs injurious or unfrienly to the United States. I need not say that this information was received by the President with very sincere pleasure. * * *

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 5, 1862.

JAMES S. PIKE, Esq., &c., The Hague.

SIR: * * * I thank you sincerely for your attention and diligence in giving me information of the action of opinion on the continent in regard to the disposition of the question concerning the Trent, and also for your speculations concerning the probable future course of European opinion upon the contest in which we are engarged.

Incidents and even accidents, domestic and foreign, enter much into all the estimates which can be formed on either side of the ocean. There wiand accidents in the future as there have been in the past and these cannot now be foreknown. I think I have heretofore said to you that I had perceived any opinion discovered in Europe is only a latter appearance there of an opinion which had already manifested itself among orselves.

Practically the American people were dismayded by the outbreak of the rebellion. Europe accepted it as already completed. The American people rallied and Europe considered. The American people recoiled after the battle of Bull Run. Europe pronounced the question ended. The American people were confident of success and Europe admitted the hopefulness of their affairs until the Trent question came

