
up. The American people thought that war waged by Great Britain against us when we were divided would be calamitous. Europe decided that it would be ruinous.

Just now the tide of success is with us; the strength of our position is seen and felt by oruselves and acknowledge by the insurgents. If we go on as we have begun making progress against the insurrection, and if the same time we practice justice in all our dealings with foreign nations I feel assured that European States will consider well before they engage in a war against us in violation of all moral right and with such questionable prospects of benefits to themselves.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 7, 1862.

M. HENRI MERCIER, &amp;c.

SIR: I cannot deny myself the pleasure of expressing to you my gratification with which the President has received the cordial assurances of good will and satisfaction in the disposition of the affair of the Trent conveyed to this Government in M. Thouvenel's dispatch to you of the 19th of January which you in so obliging a manner read to me, and a coy of which at my request you delivered to me on Saturday last.

I trust, sir, that the European States will on no occasion more that on the one whicd have reason to doubt that United States while acting loyality to themselves will at the same time prove loyal also to the best principles and traditions of their history.

It shall not be a fault on their part if emerging from their present troubles they do not retaing the respect, good will and fraternal sympathy of all enlightened nations. Havee the goodness in your own way to make these sentiments known to M. Thouvenel.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you, sir, the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

London, February 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: * * * I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of Her Majesty's speech to both Houses of Parliament together with the Morning Post newspaper of this morning giving a report of the debate in the two Houses yesterday on the address. *

It will be perceived that both Lord Russell and Lord Palmerston announce quite distinctly the intention of the Government to maintain its present position. The position of Lord Derby on the other hand is somewhat equivocal and would seem to imply an organized movement if it were not for the firmer tone of Mr. D'Israeli in the other House. On the whole the expression of sentiments so far as it goes favorable. The debate will however take quite a different shape when it comes to the questions presented in detail. There is no reason to doubt that a movement will then be made in whatever direction may be thougth most

---------------

* Inclosure omitted.

---------------

