
likely at the moment to be favorable tothe insurgents. The earnestness with which it will be pressed will largely depend on the nature of the inteligence received from the United States.

* * * * * * *

I see by the newspaper that Mr. Yancey has embarked in a steamer to the West Indies on his way home. He has labored indefatigably upon the newspaper press and not without a good deal of success. It is said tough I know not with what truth that large sums have been expended in this direction. The condition of the press is now so peculiar in this country that it is unussually open to such influences. I have not time to explain the reason for this statement for they run deeply moment I may make it the subject of a particular communication.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

NEW YORK, February 11, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The Jura which arrived at Portland last night with foreign news to the 31st gives the following as an extract from the French Emperor's speech:

The civil war which desolates America has greatly compromised our commercial interests; so long, however, as the rights of neutrals are respected we must confine ourselves to expressing wishes for an early termination of these dissension.

The steamer La Plata with Messrs. Mason and Slidell on board arrived at Southampton on the 29th. They were courtenously received but no demonstration was made. Mr. Mason at latest dates remained in London but Slidell has proceed to Paris.

Very respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD,

American Telegraph Company.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 17, 1862.

J. LOTHROP MOTLEY, Esq., &amp;c., Vienna.

SIR: Your dispatch of January 20* has been received. I am very glad to learn that our disposition of the Trent affair is regarded with so much favor by the Austrian Government and in the diplomatic circle at Vienna.

We have not been insensible to the impatience which you describe as existing in Europe for a speedy termination of our unhappy civil war and to the possible danger of foreign intervention if it should be unreasonably protracted. It has seemed very obvious to me that this foreign impatience is most unreasonning and most unjust. Yet I have felt no disposition to complain of it. I was only a reflex of the same naturally enough aggravated by the absence of those weightly political interests which have at home so unavialingly conseled prudence and patience in a conflict in wich not remely partial or temporary interests are involved but in which the national integrity and even the national existence are at stake.

---------------

* See p. 1182.

---------------

