
kees. That would seem to mean that he is to lead them here unless the movements of General Fremont shall scatter them in some other direction.

The governor having gotten some ammunition from Laramie we begin to feel some confidence in our own strength. Heretofore with the single exception of one or two arrests I have been obliged to face this rebellion alone, except with the aid I received from the marshal. But I think we shall keep the rebels under. Will the President cause us to be informed how we shall subsist these political prisoners?

I have the honor to be, sir, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

BENJ. F. HALL,

Chief Justice of Colorado.

OFFICE OF THE U. S. ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY,

Newark, October 26, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I duly received your telegram in answer to my letter of the 8th instant directing me to arrest James T. Cochrane and Wormell and to libel the property. These parties fled at the first seizure of the goods, and although I have had the officers on the watch ever since I have not succeeded in effecting their arrest. I have libeled the 107 machines found in Cochrane's factory, and also 300 fields found in a file manufactory, part of 1,500 that have been made this summer for these cotton in sharpeners; the others have been sent South.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. Q. KEASBEY,

U. S. Attorney.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 26, 1861.

Colonel G. LOOMIS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Columbus, N. Y.

SIR: The General-in-Chiefs directs tat the political prisoners and prisoners of war confined at the several posts in New York Harbor be sent by sea under charge of a vigilant officer and strong guard to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. Colonel Dimick, U. S. Army, has arrived in Boston under instructions to take command at Fort Warren, and the prisoners will be delivered to him. Colonel Burke has ben instructed to turn over the prisoners under his charge on your application. You will call on the quartermaster in New York to furnish steam transportation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Copy for Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, who will turn over the prisoners under his charge on the application of Colonel Loomis.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

