
His Majesty the Emperor has not presumed too much upon the wisdom of the cabinet of Washington in resting convinced that it would consult only in these grave conjunctures sentiments of justive and of conciliation and the important interests of the country.

It is with the highest satisfaction that his Imperial Majesty has found his foresight confirmed by the determination which the Federal Government has just taken.

Although it has not yet come to our knowledge except through the channel of the newspapers our august master has been unwilling to delay transmitting to the President the sentiments with which his Imperial Majesty has appreciated this proof of moderation and equity so much the more meritorious because it was rendered the more difficult by national impulses.

I have no need to add, sir, that by remaining faithful to the political principles which she has always maintained even when those principles were turned against her and by abstaining from involing in her turn the benefit of doctrines which she has always repudiated the American nation has given a proof of political integrity which gives her incontestable titles to the esteem and gratitude of all governments interested in seeing the peace of the seas maintained, and the principles of right pervading over those of force in interantional relations, for the repose of the world, the progress of civilization and the welfare of humanity.

His Majesty the Emperor is gratified in the hope that the same wisdom and the same moderation which dictated to the Federal Government its late decision will alike preside over its steps amid the internal difficulties with which it finds itself at this moment striving.

The event must have shown to it how much these difficulties affect its political standing; how much they are of a nature to encourage aspirations connected with a diminution of the power of the United States, and how much consequently it is for its interest to get through with them at the earliest day.

The Emperor is persuaded that the statesmen who have understood how to appreciate from a point of view so exalted the external political interests of their country will understand equally well how to ground their internal policy above popular passions.

Please to convey to the Federal Government these hopes of our august master; and reiterate the assurance of the satisfaction with which his Imperial Majesty would see the American Union again regain strength through measures of conciliation which may regulate the present without bequeathing to the future any seeds of discord, and again enter upon the condition of power and prosperity which we desire for it not only moreover because the maintenance of its power interests in the highest degree the general political equilibrium.

Receive, sir, the assurance of my very distinguished consideration.

GORTCHAKOFF.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 18, 1862.

M. EDWARD DE STOECKL, &amp;c.

SIR: I am directed by the President to express to you his sentiments upon the dispatch concerning the adjustment of the Trent affair addressed to you by Prince Gortchakoff which you submitted to me yesterday.

76 R R - SERIES II, VOL II

