
That paper is marked by views comprehensive equally of the interests of two continents and prospects of civilization for many ages, while its wise and prudent counsels are expressed with all the sincerity of a friendship for the United States that have become the more earnest as the danger of the situation seems to multiply and become more imminent. I am sure, sir, that when this unhappy civil war shall have ended in the complete and permanent restoration of the Federal Union upon its ancient and well-tried constitutional foundation then the fidelity, constancy, and wisdom with which the Emperor of Russia lent his counsels and his influence to this great end will be regarded by everybody with deep interest and admiration.

The relations of mutual confidence and friendship between a republican power in the west and a great and enterprising and beneficent monarchy in the east will afford new and important guaranties of peace, order and freedom to the nations.

Will you, M. de Stoeckl, add to our many obligations by conveying these sentiments to the Emperor? In doing so you will be at liberty to assure him that I shall take an early opportunity to submit the paper which has elicited them to the consideration of the American people. Meanwhile the passions in which our unhappy domestic strife originated are subsiding. I cannot doubt that the fraternal counsels of an early, impartial and constant friend will reach the inmost heart of a divided but yet generous people.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you, sir, the assurances of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

London, February 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: The Parliamentary document containing the papers relating to the blockade has been issued. It may give rise to some interrogations of ministers, but at present there is little probability of the matter going further. Indeed I have nothing to report that is material on American affairs. There is a truce between the parties on all exciting subjects occasioned by a general desire to respect the affliction of the Queen. Apart from this I think I perceive a considerable degree of reaction in favor of the United States, partly owing to the natural subsidence of the exaggerated sentiment at the time of the Trent case and partly to the favorable reports concerning the military operations in America.

I am confirmed in the opinion I have heretofore expressed that nothing else [military suary here to maintain intact the friendly relations between the two countries.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

WASHINGTON, March 3, 1862.

To the SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I transmit to Congress a translation of an instruction to the minister of His Majesty the King of Italy accredited to this Government and a

