
his duty to other nations when he has presented to their knowledge the facts to which their only sure access is through himself in such a manner as will enable them to acquit themselves of their resonsibilities to the world according to their own sense of right. But whilst he neither feels nor affects an indifference to the decision of the world upon these questions which deeply concern the interests of the Confederate States he does not present their claims to a recognized place amongst the nations of the earth from the belief that any such recognition is necessary to enable them to achieve anddependence.

Such an act might diminish the sufferings and shorten the duration of an unnecessary war, but with or without it he believes that the Confederate States under the guidance of a kind and overruling Providence will make good their title to freedom and independence and to a recognized place amongst the nations of the earth.

When you are officially recognized by the French Government and diplomatic relations between the two countries are thus fully established you will request an audience of His Imperial Majesty for the purpose of presenting your letters accrediting you as envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of the Confederate States near His Imperial Majesty, and in that capacity you are empowered to negotiate such treaties as the mutual interests of both countries may require, subject of course to the approval of the President and the co-ordinate branch of the treaty-making power.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

R. M. T. HUNTER.

CHARLESTON, S. C., October 1, 1861.

R. M. T. HUNTER, Secretary of State:

All right so far, but impossible to move on account of weather. I will telegraph immediately when the time comes.

W. H. T[RESCOT].

CHARLESTON, October 3, 1861.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER, Secretary of State:

Three steamers and a sloop-of-war now blockading the harbor. Two of the steamers, frigates, arrived in the last twenty-four hours. It is thought thus an even chance of success. We shall accordingly take the route through Texas to Matamoras, Mexico, unless otherwise directed. Reply at once and if the change of route is acceded to request the Secretary of War to direct officers of the army on the route to give all facilities of transportation. Write to New Orleans.

JOHN SLIDELL.

J. M. MASON.

CHARLESTON, October 4, 1861-10. 50 p. m.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER, Secretary of State:

Your telegraph* received. We cannot get out safely by the Nashville. Route to Mexico believed impracticable from delay. Steamer Gordon now chartered by Government at $200 a day for harbor services; light draft; strengthened for carrying cannon and been in use as a privateer; a good sea boat; tonnage upward of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

