
I suppose we shall get to New York on Sunday or Monday next, the 17th or 18th, and in due time presume the papers will tell what disposition is made of us. I do not know whether I can write to you, but if allowed will do so and may have it in my power to tell you through what channel you can write. Macfarland will attend to yohave no care about mine which are ample. I have one great consolation always present that while I am deprived of the power of serving and watching over you I feel entire confidence in the efficiency and excellence of our children and the kind friends around you.

Should you find the means of writing to me let me have full details of home but nothing on public affairs. I can only add, my dear wife, my prayers for your safety and those of our loved ones at home.

From yours, most affectionately, forever,

J. M. MASON.

P. S. - My love to Anna, Kate and all - all our circle and friends.

J. M. M.

RICHMOND, November 17, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE, New Orleans:

A dispatch received from General Benjamin Huger, in command at Norfolk, informs me that he has been officially advised by General J. E. Wool, now in command at Fortress Monroe, that Messrs. John Slidell, J. M. Mason, George Eustis and J. E. Macfarland were taken from on board the British ship by Commodore Charles Wilkes, of the U. S. vessel San Jacinto, and carried as prisoners to Fortress Monroe.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

CENTERVILLE, November 18, 1861.

President DAVIS:

It was the mail steamer Trenth from which our ministers were taken on 8th of November. They declined to quit the Trent. Force was used. Captured in Bahama Channel. Washington Star, 3 p. m., November 16.

THOMAS JORDAN.

RICHMOND, November 18, 1861.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE, New Orleans:

John Slidell, J. M. Mason and their secretaries have been sent to New York. They were taken by force from theEnglish mail steamer Trent. The ladies went on to England.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK, November 18, 1861.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER, Secretary of State.

SIR: I telegraphed last night all that the Honorable Mr. Mason wrote in reference to his capture, viz, that they left Havana in a British mail steamer on the 7th instant and next day were fallen in with by the San Jacinto whose captain felt himself authorized to take them from the English ship. I also inclose a copy of a letter from Major-General Wool upon this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

