
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 29, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, and

Colonel G. LOOMIS, Fort Columbus, N. Y.

GENTLEMAN: I have requested Seth C. Hawley, esq., to visit the forts in New York Harbor for the purpose of reporting to this Department the names of such among the prisoners there confined as may with propriety be released. You will please render such aid in the prosecution of his errand as may be necessary, and grant to him full permission to visits all the forts under your respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 29, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., New York.

SIR: I inclose herewith an extract* from communication received at this Department from Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal for the southern district of New York. will you please examine the matter and report to me the names of such persons as in your judgment may with propriety be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, October 29, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The Rev. H. Dunn called on me on Saturday last and make certain statements in regard to the fitting out of vessels at Montreal destined for Southern ports. I requested him to put the information in the form of a letter, and I take the liberty of inclosing a copy of his statement herewith for such consideration as you may deem it entitled to.

I am, with high regard, your most obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

[Inclosure.]

[ALBANY[, October 26, 1861.

Governor MORGAN.

DEAR SIR: The substance of the statement which you wish me to commit to paper is this:

There is a vessel now being loaded in Montreal destined to a Southern port. Consul Mure and his two brothers who are there are supposed to be interested (John Mure especially so) in The captain of this vessel boasts that he had twice run the blockade. I also give it as my opinion that there was not sufficient in the consulate to meet the present emergency. Not that I call in question the integrity or ability of the consul-general, but first he is a very old man for such a place; and second his home is in Ohio and he is necessarily much of his time with his family. The deputy who is the acting consul is manager of nearly all the express companies of both provinces. He has not time or disposition to make himself active in defeating rebel designs. At Quebec where beyond measures we need a consul there is but an agent. Montreal and Quebec are full of secessionists. Proba-

---------------

* See Murray to Seward, October 28, ante.

---------------

