
We also send with this dispatch for the information of the Department certain editorials of the London journals* indicating the state of public opinion upon the seizure of Messrs. Slidell and Mason and their secretaries. The editorial from the Morning Post is understood to be inspired by Lord Palmerston; that from the Times of the 29th is understood to be from the Foreign Office. Having carefully read the different papers we find that there is but one daily journal in London that entertains the opinion that the act of the San Jacinto is justifiable; that is the Morning Star, the supposed organ of Mr. Bright and Mr. Cobden, and used as one by Mr. Adams.

It is believed in well-informed circles and in fact we may say that it has been communicated to us by persons connected with high official personages in the Government that the Cabinet in council on the 30th ultimo determined upon a report of the law officers of the Crown that the act of the commander of the San Jacinto was illegal, and that a demand should be made on the Government of the United States for apology and the restitution of Messrs. Slidell, Mason, Macfarland and Eustis. We have also received information in the same manner that the blockade is considered to be ineffective -entirely so - by the members of the Cabinet.

After a full consideration of the question we have not as yet deemed it advisable to again formully press the recognition of the Confederate States upon the Government of Great Britain at this moment but will await a favorable opportunity to do so. At this time we think it would meet with rejection, at least before the answer of the Government of the United States to the demand which the British Government has made for apology and restitution shall be received.

The C. S. steamer Nashville arrived at Southampton on the 21st ultimo slightly injured in her wheelhouses and deck by adverse storms experienced on her passage. We learn from Lieutenant Pegram that on the 19th ultimo in seventy fathoms of water he captured and burnt the ship Harvey Birch, of 1,500 tons burden, owned in New York and in ballast from Havre. She was valued at $125,000. Her officers and crew were taken to Southampton and landed there. It is understood that the Nashville will be allowed to repair.

The U. S. armed steamship James Adger has been in the waters of England for the last few weeks. It was asserted that she came to seek for the Nashville. She was allowed to repair damages sustained on her voyage and to coal. Since then she has been hovering about the coast. We understand that in reply to a demand as to her object by an officer of the admiralty that the commander avowed that he was insturcted to seize Messrs. Mason and Slidell wherever he could find them at sea and that he expected to take them out of the West India mail packet. We were further informed that the U. S. officer was then advised that such an act would be considered as an insult to the British flag.

We have been advised that the opinion of the Emperor of the French and that of his ministry is that the affair of the Trent is a great outrage upon the British flag. We have inclosed extracts from various paris journals* all taking the same view.

We are, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

W. L. YANCEY.

P. DLEY MANN.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

