
to Canada. A great steam fleet has been fitted out, and if there is war the English blows will be crushing on the sea-board.

If Mason and Slidell be given up the Government here will endeavor for awhile at least to observe a frigid neutrality toward us; that is will lean to the United States on the blockade and diplomatic issue, and postpone or refuse recognition. France, however, will be disposed I think to act more favorably, and may drive England into favorable action. Public opinion is for us, and when Parliament meets I feel confident that the ministry will be compelled to act favorably or to resign.

The British West India mail steamer from Saint Thomas was due on the 28th, but only arrived off Southampton an hour ago. The Havana steamer of December 28 failed to connect, and my opinion is that a Yankee captain mindful of the honors heaped on Wilkes has searched her and found dispatches or Confederate agents and has taken her into port for adjudication. If so war can no longer be prevented, for England will not submit to it. I desire to leave here very much, and if Mason and Slidell arrive or other commissioners will do so at once. If no one arrives to take my place and war ensues I will leave on concluding a treaty with England and be home I hope by March.

Most respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. L. YANCEY.

JANUARY 1, 1862.

The British West India mail steamer due on 29th not yet arrived. It is feared that a Yankee man-of-war has seized her, and if so perhaps because of C. S. officers and dispatches on board. It was a false rumor as to arrival of the Shannon.

Y.

RICHMOND, January 1, 1862.

Governor THOMAS O. MOORE, New Orleans:

John Slidell and J. M. Mason have been given up. William H. Seward's letter to Lord Lyons occupies several columns of the Baltimore Sun, and concludes with saying he delivers up the commissioners with pleasure whenever Lord Lyons chooses to receive them. I have this information from a gentlemen who read Seward's letter in the Sun, but I have not seen the paper myself.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, January 1, 1862.

PAYNE, HUNTINGTON & CO., New Orleans:

Your dispatch received. Will attend to it to-morrow. happy New Year to you all. I have just received positive information that J. M. Mason and John Slidell have been returned to England.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, Va., January 5, 1862.

LOUIS HEYLIGER, Esq., Nassau, New Providence.

MY DEAR SIR: Your several favors by the Theodora and Ella Warley have been received and your action in the accomplishment of

