
bly nearly or quite 100 refugees from the South are at those two places. If I were permitted to suggested it would be the appointment at once of a consul at Quebec, and employing an efficient detective agent at Montreal who would telegraph to the agent at Rouse's Point or other places when secessionists were going South and keep the Government informed of their measures generally.

It is true that through Mr. Weed I have asked for the consulate at Quebec if one be created there and would be much obliged for your own influence in that direction if you feel free to give it; yet it is above all personal consideration that influences my opinion in this case.

Most respectfully,

H. DUNN.

P. S. - Another facts is worthy of notice. Funds are being constantly sent from the South to these insurgents of our in Montreal and Quebes. Should such funds be permitted to pass?

H. D.

NEW YORK, October 29, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Will you continue countermand* of order for removal of Fort Lafayette prisoners until I see you.? I leave for Washington to-morrow morning.

W. H. LUDLOW.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, October 30, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive Lieutenant Wood's report disposing of the prisoners in Fort Lafayette up to this date. If you do not consider the suggestion an improper one I would most respectfully ask the General-in-Chief to signify direct or through me his approbation of Lieutenant Wood's conduct while in charge of the prisoners at Fort Lafayette. I am aware that in ordinary cass these duties would be considered merely as a part of the ordinary routine of the service, but so highly do I estimate Lieutenant Wood's exertions in the discharge of these most onerous duties that I cannot refrain from submitting a suggestion of this nature to the General-in-Chief, Lieutenant Wood having in my opinion while stationed at Fort Lafayette rendered services equivalent to those of three good officers.

I have the honor to remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, October 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE,

Commanding Forts Hamilton and Lafayette.

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions+ I have delivered into the custody of [Lieutenant] John L. Buell, Fourth Infantry, all the prisoners

---------------

* No countermand order can be found.

+ To send the political prisoners to Fort Warren. See Townsend to Loomis, Oct. 26, p. 120.

---------------

