
passive unless moved by a vote of either House, and of the last I have not the means of speaking with confidence. This is to go by a steamer expected to sail direct for the South with supplies, &amp;c., to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. MASON.

FEBRUARY 8.

I also send the Times of this date* with the debate of yesterday in both Houses. * * * The delay of a day in this dispatch enables me to add that since I wrote you yesterday I addressed to-day (on advice of Mr. Gregory) a note to Earl Russell asking an interview at his convenience "as instructed by my Government," and have his reply to-night in form of a police note saying that he would receive me on Monday, 10th instant, at his residence, at 11 a. m., unofficially. I shall of course call on him accordingly and in my next dispatch will send you copies of my note and his reply with the result of the interview.

J. M. M.

109 PICCADILLY, February 13, 1862.

His Grace the DUKE OF SOMERSET.

MY LORD DUKE: I cannt refrain on arriving in England from expressing to your grace and to the lords of the admiralty the grateful sense I entertain of the kindness and hospitality received from the naval authorities of Great Britain everywhere on our late protracted voyage to this couhntry, a feeling I know that is equally entertained by my colleague, Mr. Slidell, and by our secretaties, Mr. Macfarland and Mr. Eustis.

To Captain Hewett, commander of Her Majesty's ship Rinaldo, and to all his officers this acknowledgment is especially due. Their courtesy, consideration and most generous hospitality were unremitting, and under the circumstances of a tempestuous and prolonged voyage we much fear greatly to their personal inconvenience.

To Admiral Milne we are under great obligations for our courteous and hospitable reception at Bermuda, and particularly for his marked kindess in expediting our passage to Saint Thomas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your grace's most obedient servant,

J. M. MASON.

Case of Messrs. Hopkins, Butler, Wattles and ex-President Pierce.

Dr. Guy S. Hopkins, of North Branch, Lapeer County, Mich., was arrested at Detroit on the 20th day of November, 1861, and taken to Fort Lafayette by order of the State Department. Hopkins was charged with treasonable correspondence with parties in the rebel States and with forwarding correspondence between such parties and their friends in Europe through Canada and with propagating treasonable sentiments in the region of his residence. Joseph P. Whiting, a member of the detective police of Detroit, made an investigation of Hopkins' case previous to his arrest. The report of Mr. Whiting shows that at the request of U. S. Attorney Russell he proceeded to North Branch, Lapeer County, Mich., on the 7th of November; that he learned

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

