
charged with forwarding correspondence to and from the rebel States between said States and Canada and with propagating treasonable and secession doctrines in the neighborhood of his residence. An officer of the detective police of Detroit who was employed to examine the charges against Butler before his arrest reported that Butler with others had raised a pole for the purpose of hoisting a secession flag; that on different occasions he hurrahed for Jeff. Davis; that he made a speech on the right of secession and avowed himself an advocate of that doctrine; that he was exercising a bad influence, poisoning the minds of many citizens in the whole settlement around him. After his arrest he refused to acknowledge himself a Union man and said he would not renounce his secession sentiments if he knew he was to be shot. The said Butler remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

David C. Wattles, of NorthBranch, Lapeer County, Mich., was arrested by U. S. Special Agent W. H. Barse, of Michigan, or by his orders, on or about the 25th day of November, 1861, and conveyed to Fort Lafayette by order of theSecretary of State. Wattles, with one Isaiah Butler and one of Guy S. Hopkins, had long been notoriously active in propagating disloyal sentiments at North Branch, and these three persons were the leaders of a small band who openly justified the rebellion and advocated its cause. In October, 1861, a letter was discovered in Detroit in the handwriting of Guy S. Hopkins appearing to give assurance of the existence of an extensive league or conspiracy to overthrow the Government and boasting of the rapid extension of said league, and claiming among other things to have already established an uninterrupted line of communication between the South (rebels) and Europe. Wattles as well as the other persons named was soon after arrested. Upon and after his arrest he openly avowed his sympathy with said Wattles remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of theWar Department of the preceding day he was tranferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrest for Disloyalty. "

NEW YORK, September 17, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The object of the present is to apprise you that Franklin Pierce, ex-President, and Clement March, now a senator of the State of New Hampshire, are traitors and are aiding and abetting secretly and covertly the leaders of theSouthern rebellion.

--- ---.

DETROIT, November 20, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

We have arrested Dr. Guy S. Hopkins, of North Branch, Lapeer County, Mich., with treasonable documents on his person, and from comparison of handwriting author of the letter addressed to the Honorable Robert McClelland, a copy of which has been sent to you. Shall I take him to Fort Warren?

W. H. BARSE.

