
unite the N. and S. in new bonds of amity and interest, restore the Union in all its former strength and beauty and the Constitution to the sacred niche from which it has been ruthlessly hurled by the despots. May the league prove the stepping-stone to such a result.

I have it from the best authority that the league is doing noble work in M---d, even among the F--- S--- at Ft. M---. If God continues to prosper our efforts the hour of a union between the N. and S. is not far distant. Prepared and united our force will prove irresistible and the accursed A--- G--- will be swept into the Atlantic.

President P--- in his passage has drawn many brave and influential men to the league. P---y, of the L. C. D---t, sent a line to Dr. F--- (by H., the Mormon elder), who as you perhaps know is just across the lien from Port H---. The league is doing nobly in M., I. and Wis. He is cautious, but in common with others is gradually preparing the minds of the people for a great change. He expresses a fear that any attempt to draft men will produce a premature outbreak. I think his fear is well founded. A member of the league in Genesee who passed through the woods on his way with dispatches to Dr. F--- told that any attempt to draft our friends there would bring on an open rupture. I think our leaders should look to this, as no doubt they will.

I am happy to say Dr. F--- considers his mission accomplished and departs for R--- by the 7th instant. Through us there is now an uninterrupted line of communication between the S--- and Europe. He leaves Captain L---, a sure friend, in his place to receive correspondence, &amp;c. Our obscurity is our greatest safeguard. The duties which devolve upon me could never by conducted in any place of note without attracting attention. I forwarded your request to the G--- M--- and am instructed to furnish you with the cipher and its key. I will send the same to Pt. H---, thence to W---.

I have much which I wish to communicate, but will wait until an opportunity offers to send it by a safe hand. I am obliged to send this by mail.

May God prosper the cause. The S--- is doing gloriously. It wrings my very heart however to see our brave countrymen N. and S. Sacrificed to carry out the hellish plans of our tyrant. May our project prove a second Sicillian Vespers, attended with all its success, but I fervently pray without its bloodshed.

Dear sir, excuse this confused and hurried letter, and allow me to sign myself,

Yours, in the cause,

*]

P. S. - Captain H. will give you instructions as to the disposition to be made of the C---s, the P---s are to be used as necessity requires.

DETROIT, November 27, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I found the inclosed* laid aside after sealing up the doctor's papers. I send you these merely to give you an insight to his character and sentiments. Taking him all in all I think he is as great a scamp as goes unhung.

Your obedient servant,

W. H. BARSE.

---------------

*No inclosures found, but probably alludes to correspondence addressed to the Detroit Free Press; see Hopkins to Seward, November 29.

---------------

79 R R - SERIES II, VOL II

