
of war and state confined at this post and hold his receipt for the same. I also as per instructions sent twenty men of the detachment under my command as guard and furnished three days' cooked rations for both prisoners and guard.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, &amp;C.,Fort Monroe, Va., November 1, 1861.

Major General B. HUGER, Commanding at Norfolk, Va.

GENERAL: I received your several communication of the 23rd and the 29th ultimo, with an indorsement on that of the 23d. In reply to the latter I have only to remark that I gave no other instructions than that I could not for the present receive passengers by flags of truce coming from Norfolk. I was not aware until you informed me that any other instructions had been given on the subject. I certainly have no intention or desire to be discourteous to General Huger.

Herewith I send by a flag of truce and commend to your care and courtesy the following-named persons: Mrs. Susan Carnes, her sister, Miss Shelton, and Miss Barker; Mrs. Reeves, her four children and female servant; Mrs. Sophia Allen and son (seven years old), and Mrs. Charles Parker, Mrs. Margaret Cormick, Mrs. Annie M. Upsher, Miss Williamson, Miss E. B. Nichols, Mrs. Julia Stillman, Mrs. Eliza Stillman, Mrs. Racheal E. Myers and her daughter, and I believe one other lady who is desiour of visiting her children and who says her husband is in the U. S. Navy. Mr. C. drew and his daughter also go with this flag.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

P. S. - O also send under cover to you a small package of letters.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Louisville, Ky., November 2, 1861.

General W. T. WARD, Campbellsville.

DEAR SIR: Your letter of 31st is received. When prisoners are received have the papers all handed to Judge Bullitt, a good Union man and member of the court of appeals, to whose decision I leave the case. We cannot imprison and keep in custody all suspected persons, and the only safe course is to follow the law of the State of Kentucky which makes arrest only proper when overt acts of treason are established. The cases you mention are certainly such as the safety of the community would justify in having imprisoner and I will caution Judge Bullitt on the point.

By my request Judge Catron has appointed a number of commissioners to reside along the line, one of whom was designed for Campbellsville. His examination and commitment will be final and will obviate our hitherto trouble of judging cases from mere letters and the expla-

