
What that letter contained I do not distinctly remember. I know I used nothing but initials, leaving it entirely to the well-known ingenuity of the very penetrating Detroiters to fill out the blanks. Not an hour passed after the conception of this piece of folly before the letter was in the post-office.

After it was written, not knowing who best to address it to I left it to chance by picking up a Detroit paper, looking through the advertising list and at length selecting the name I think of M. Mills. Weeks passing away and nothing being heard from this fanciful practical joke, it passed from my mind until my place of residence was visited by one Jenkins alias Whiting. The name used, his visits to the post-office, &amp;c., caused me to suspect something wrong and to fear more serious results from my joke than I ever anticipated. I was on my way to Ypsilanti to look after some property fallen to my family at the time of my arrest. I was not surprised, but after thinking over all I could remember of that doubly-accursed letter I felt very much distressed. I then for the first time realized what I had done. For myself I did not so much care. I felt I deserved all I suffered. I feared, and greatly feared, that I had been instrumental in casting suspicion on good and loyal men; that they might at that very moment be under arrest with no other evidence against them than such as my folly had furnsihed. Influenced by such fears I begged they would give me an immediate examintaion, but either from want of inclination or want of power it was refused.

I have only one word more to say in connection with this letter. I beg and pray that whatever penalty is attached to this act may be confined to the only party guilty, and that nothing in it be allowed to reflect upon any one whom it may seem to hint at. I should certainly feel myself the worst of men if any act of mine however innocent in intention should cast a stain of disloyalty upon others. I speak of this letter as if I knew it to be the only charge against me. I do not know it. I simply know it to be the only charge against me. I do not know it. I simply now it to be the only thing wherein I am guilty. As for any other act of treason I can only say I belong to no secret society, was never even tempted to join any such society, or to commit any act whatever favorable or otherwise to the Confederate States. Also to the best of my knowledge I never saw a secessionist until my advent here. As an act of justice to the Detroit Free Press I desire to state that the manuscripts found in my trunk addressed to that paper were never sent, and were only written to pass away the time. No communication was ever sent by me to that paper more than a subscription letter.

I repeat my only object in writing this communication is if possible to relieve others of any suspicion which may have fallen upon them through me. To further this object I am willing to attest to what I have here written under oath. For myself I leave myself as I needs must at your disposal, only prayin be too severely handled for one moment's indiscretion.

Very respectfully, yours,

GUY S. HOPKINS.

DETROIT, December 1, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: * * * While in Fort Lafayette on the 28th ultimo I was told by Lieutenant Wood that Doctor Hopkins wished to make a communication to the Secretary of State of something which was of the utmost importance and would no doubt save much trouble if

