
revealed soon. I have no doubt in my mind but what he is able to do that which he states, and requested Lieutenant Wood to keep his friends (Wattles and Butler) away from him for a few days at least, as he is evidently repenting his rash course. Both Wattles and Butler avowed themselves in presence of Mr. Whiting and myself as opposed to this war and in sympathy with the South.

There is something strainge about the whole affair. Doctor [Hopkins] was going to join the army near Washington; Wattles was looking for a chance as lieutenant in Captain Beach['s company] (a suspected party) of Eleventh Regiment, with Charles Stuart as colonel (who is mentioned in North Branch letter). The querry is, for what reasons? And as three of them are known to be in sympathy with the South and many more of same pattern joining, it looks strange indeed, and but one conclusion to arrive, at, i. e., traitors, which is shown from the fact of the clause in North Branch letter where it speaks of "the league is doing noble work even [among] the F. S. at Ft. M. "

We will do our best to sift this matter thoroughly, but if in any way you can get this Dr. Guy S. Hopkins statement (which he proposes to give) it would aid us materially as we have sharp, jealous enemies to work against in this matter.

Hoping that you will give the above ideas and suggestion (if approved) your earliest attention I remain, your with respect,

GEORGE R. BARSE,

U. S. Deputy Marshal.

DECEMBER 2, 1861.

[W. H. BARSE, Deputy U. S. Ma request of Alfred Russell, U. S. attorney, having received information of the treasonable sentiments of various individuals residing in and about North Branch, Lapeer County, Mich., did proceed to the above-named place to ascertain the facts of the same on the 7th of November ultimo. Having reference to Samuel Carpenter, sheriff of said county, learned from him that it was the common report that Isaiah Butler, David C. Wattles and Guy S. Hopkins with many others were secessionists, and openly avowed themselves as such. I employed him to accompany me as a hunter through the woods thirty-four miles to the above-named town, he having an excuse on business there. I stopped over at the house of said Isaiah Butler. After being introduced as one Richard Jenkins, of McComb, Mr. Butler introduced me to Hopkins, which opened the way for investigation.

On the following day I had an interview with H. C. Sherwood at the schoo-house, about one mile and a half from there, from whom I received the following statement: That Butler, Hopkins and WAttles with others had raised a secession flag, but that Sherwood, Scott, Bunker, himself and others informed Butler if he did so they should certainly destroy his property, with which they replied that if they were interfered with they would murder the whole of the damned abolitionists there were in the settlement; hurrahed for Jeff. DAvis, and cursed the damned Lincolnites, &amp;c. On the 14th while Private Calvin Hills, of Kellogg's cavalry regiment, Company H, stationed at Saint Louis, was returning home and passing Butler's Davis. The poor fellow feeling very bad, as he was then on his way to see to his little children, having lost his wife the week previous, he told me that if he was on duty he should arrest them, but was then on furlough. On the evening of same day

