
which the ex-President is lending his position and influence. The Tribune editor has had no information from me nor have I spoken to any one of what I tell you, as I could see no use in it unless given to some one with authority to act the matter if necessary.

Yours, truly,

J. A. ROYS.

[Inclosures Numbers 1. -Editorial extract from Detroit Tribune, December 7, 1861.]

EX-PRESIDENT PIERCE'S TOUR.

There is little doubt but that ex-President Pierce's tour through the North and into the Southern States is to foster division among the people, excite sedition, and go get up an organized treasonabl eopposition to the efforts of the Government to crush out rebellion in the Northern States. He goes through State after State the avant-courier of the rebellion to stir up sympthy for the rebel traitors in arms. While in this city he was closeted with a select circle who are known to be doubtful in their loyalty; he made a speech to them; and sincec he left Detroit more than one of that secret circle have said to others who were invited but would not be contaminated by the foul conspiracy, "You ought to have heard ex-President Pierce last night; he would have cured you of the idea of supporting this Government in this d-nable war. " Our opinion is that Franklin Pierce is a prowling traitor spy.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. -Extract from Detroit Free Press, December 10, 1861.]

EX-PRESIDENT PIERCE.

Ex-President Pierce has lately been making a short tour through a portion of the West, and the fact being mentioned the opportunity has been embraced by a number of journals to impeach his patriotism and openly charge him with treason, or what is about the same sympathy with treason. We have seen or heard of nothing and know of nothing that he has either said or done upon which to ground any such charge, and we believe those who so flippantly make it are equally as ignorant in that respect as ourselves. On the contrary he has made a few short speeches, the tone of which has been one of loyalty and devotion to the Union and the Constitution. We know that while in this city he stated that he would rather see Joseph Holt President than any man living. Men who feel thus have no sympathy with this attempt to break down the Constitution and laws by force and thus destroy our Government. We have no sympathy or respect whatever for treason-mongers or treason-sympathizers, and just as little for those who in the present state of the country so flippantly and infamously charge treason and disloyalty upon political opponents without knowing or caring anything about the facts.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: In reply to your note referring a letter of Alfred Russell, esq., U. S. district attorney for Michigan, relating to the authority given by this Department to ex-Senator Charles E. Stuart to raise a regiment of cavalry I have the honor to inclose copies of correspondence*

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

