
between Mr. Stuart and this Department on that subject, from which it will be seen no such authority was given him by this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

FRANKLIN PIERCE, Esq., Concord, N. H.

SIR: I inclose an extract from a letter received at this Department from which it would appear that you were a member of a secret league the object of which is to overthrow the Government.

Any explanation upon the subject which you may offer would be acceptable.

I am, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

* * * *

President P----in his passage has drawn many brave and influential men to the league. P

-----

y, of the L. C. D----t, sent a line to Doctor F---- (by H., the Mormon elder), who as you perhaps know is just across the line from Port H---. The league is doing nobly in M., I. and Wis. He is cautious, but in common with others is gradually preparing the minds of the people for a great change. He expresses a fear that any attempt to draft men will produce a premature outbreak. I think his fear is well founded. A member of the league in enesee who passed through the woods on his way with dispatches to Doctor F----told that any attempt to draft our friends there would bring on an open rupture. I think our leaders should look to this, as no doubt they will. * * * *

Yours, in the cause,

---------------

* &lt; &gt; z //

---------------

ANDOVER, MASS., December 24, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: A package indorsed Department of State, U. S. A., franked by W. Hunter, chief clerk, and addressed to Franklin Pierce, esq., Concord, N. H., was received by me to-day, having been forwarded from the place of my residence. But for the stamped envelope and the handwriting of Mr. Hunter with which I am familiar I should probably have regarded the inclosures as an idle attempt at imposition in which your name had been surreptitiously used. I must I suppose, though I do so reluctantly, now view it in a different light. In the note bearing your signature you say:

I inclose an extract from a letter received at this Department from which it would appear that you are a member of a secret league the object of which is to overthrow the Government. Any explanation upon the subject which you may offer would be acceptable.

It is not easy to conceive how any person could give credence toor entertain for a moment the idea that I am now or have ever been con-

---------------

*This inclosure is an extract from the anonymous letter at p. 1248, addressed to "R. M. C. "

---------------

