
me from the time of my arrest to my arrival here, being assured that any communication reflecting upon the cruelty, injustice and inhumanity practiced upon me would not be permitted from the hands of the commander of the post. But feeling somewhat assured that you have received my letters informing you where I am, &amp;c., I feel more independent and write with less care and anxiety whether this is forwarded or not.

It may be useless for me to go into all the minuatiae of what transpired since my arrest, but suffice it to say that on my arrival at Detroit I was taken to the Detroit House of Correction, put into a cell the only furniture of which consisted of an iron bedstead, a narrow straw tick filled so full of marsh hay or seaweed as to be entirely round and about twenty inches in diameter, a pillow of the same material, one blanket, and a tub for the necessities of nature, kept in irons during the night without supper; taken out next morning and taken to Toledo before breakfast, having fasted twenty-four hours. On my arrival at New York I was confined one night in the basement of the police office in a cell with only a rude bench for a bed, with not a rag nor even a fire to protect me from the cold. In addition to all other wrongs and injuries I am arbitrarily held and imprisoned without indictment; have not been confronted with my accusers; have been denied the right of a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury; have been conveyed out of the State in which I was arrested (where if at all a crime had been committed). Should you be led to inquire the cause of my arrest I can only say of that I am as ignorant as yourself. I have suspicions, it is true, but they are vague and uncertain. I sometimes think it is through the false and malicious misrepresentations of some political opponent. Let the cause be what it may all that I desire is to be confronted with accusers, well knowing that a charge of disloyalty cannot be sustained against me. But it seems that I am denied all the constitutional rights of an American freeman.

Nor am I the only sufferer; there are many others here in the same category. Men are arrested and placed in confinement here upon a telegraph dispatch from Secretary Seward without any charge against the whatever. It is indeed deplorable to think that a once free and happy Government like ours (the freedom of which was purchased with the blood of our ancestors) should be so completely given up to a military despotism; but why should we be surprised when we consider that a new era has been established, that instead of kidnapping of negroes as we have sometimes read of, a system of the kidnapping of white men is now quite extensively carried on. We were restrained from having any intercourse with any one on the way, and we have every reason to believe that we were secretly represented as being counterfeiters.

Mr. Jenkins, alias Jo. Whiting, a deputy marshal from Detroit, who came up to make the arrest of Butler and myself is a base scoundrel. It was he who put the ious to my arrival at Detroit. He coupled us together with a paid of handcuffs on leaving the Detroit House of Correction. On arriving at the junction of the Michigan Southern and Toledo Railroads and while standing in the warehouse waiting the arrival of the cars I remarked to Butler that I thought it was rather hard to freeze and starve too; whereupon one of the overseers or official of some kind standing near, hearing the remark, said insultingly, "Good enough for you. You had no business to be caught in such a dirty scrape. " This insult although made within the hearing of Whiting passed without comment or rebuke-indeed I should judge

