
he seemed to enjoy and sympathize with the ruffian who offered it. On entering the cars we were joined by Deputy Marshal Barse from Detroit, under whose instructions the irons were removed, and from that time forward we were treated by him with the courtesy and kindness bcoming a gentleman; and as I only look upon him as a tool in the hands of wicked men I shall always remember him with kindness.

Lieutenant Charles O. Wood, commander of this post, seems to be very gentlemanly in his demeanor toward the prisoners confined here. Sergeant Reed is also highly esteemed by the prisoners. We all hail with joy the hour which he is on guard toward the prisoners in which he can treat themwith kindness and civility or otherwise. If I knew that my business affairs had already suffered so much that I shall not be able to recover from the ruin already effected it would make but little difference to me whether they let me out this winter or not. We are faring first-rate and having a good time generally. There are seven of us occupying a room about eighteen feet by twenty-four feet, with a good wood fire, plenty to eat, and have a variety aof amusements. We are allowed to walk in the inner court of the fort one hour in the morning and evening (with now and then an exception when Sergeant Reed is not on guard duty). We were expecting to have an oyster supper for Christmas but we have just learned that owing to the roughness of the harbor we shall not be able to get them in time.

Tell me of the success of Captain Beach in getting his company filled in time to go into rendezvous at Flint with the Tenth Regiment, and who the officers are, &amp;c. I wrote to Susan a day or two after writing to you informing her of the best course that I knew of to get my case investigated. It seems to me that in some cases that influence is of greater importance than innocence to obtain a release from imprisonment. I think that Colonel (now General) R. would have as much influence with the administration toward obtaining for me an investigation as any one. I am looking for the arrival of a letter from you by the middle of this week. I hope I shall not be disappointed. I suppose that our county is now districted into two representative districts to the particular liking of the Republicans. Had Supervisor Deming left before the meeting of the board? Send to Susan the first opportunity. Tell her to be of good cheer; that all will be right when the end comes. We have just had a new arrival of prisoners from Texas, some three or four of whom have been allotted to our room. We are therefore in uproar and confusion at present. In consequence I shall have to close writing for this time. Write soon and remember me to all the friends.

Your affectionate brother,

DAVID C. WATTLES.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 30, 1861.

FRANKLIN PIERCE.

MY DEAR SIR: An injurious aspersion on your fair fame and loyalty came into my hands. Although it was in an anonymous letter the writer was detected and subsequently avowed the authorship. * The document must become a part of the history of the times. I desired that you might know how your name was made use of by a traitor to increase the treason he was encouraging. Unable to prepare a note to you personally I devolved the duty on the chief clerk of this Depart-

---------------

*See letter of Hopkins to Seward, p. 1250.

---------------

