
ence; certain I am, not in the loyal State of Michigan. Would to God the Black Republicans were half as patriotic as the Democrats of Michigan. Mr. Wattles and Butler are as innocent of any act orintent of treason as the best Union man in Lapeer. They are deserving of the best efforts of every Union man to restore them to their families. I fancy Hodges and Boyle have been guilty of some trifling act of insurrection which has been grabbed at to make them trouble.

Excuse this letter and send me, if possible, the information I request.

I am, truly, yours.

GUY S. HOPKINS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd day of February, instant, the following prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette upon their engaging upon their honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: * * * Guy S. Hopkins, David C. Wattles, Isaiah Butler. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed please find the parole of * * * Guy D. Hopkins and Isaiah Butler * * * prisoners at Fort Lafayette, released in obedience to your telegraphic dispatch of the 21st instant. * * * D. C. Wattles declined to sign the parole and was consequently retained in custody.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, February 22, 1862.

We, the undersigned, do solemnly promise upon our word of honor that we will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

GUY S. HOPKINS.

ISAIAH BUTLER.

[AND 34 OTHERS.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, February 22, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The indulgence offered me this day by the commander of Fort Lafayette was refused on the following grounds: I was arrested without legal warrant, was dragged to the city of Detroit in irons, there placed in a felon's cell; was told by the prison keeper that I was to be taken immediately before the U. S. commissioners for examination on a charge of treason. Instead thereof I was conveyed to this place; have been

