
held here three months in prison not only without trial, but unnoticed and apparently forgotten. I reside in the loyal State of Michigan. I am and have always been a loyal citizen; have said or done nothing worthy the treatment I have received. I therefore objected to accepting my liberty on parole, as it will be held an admission of a treason of which I have never been guilty. I demand a trial or an unconditional release. I am ready to enter into recognizance with sufficient surety to appear for trial whenever and wherever it may be necessary for that purpose.

Yours, most respectfully,

DAVID C. WATTLES.

FORT LAFAYETTE, March 12, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I addressed you on the 22nd ultimo on the subject of my release. In asking for a trial I hoped should that rights be accorded to me I should thereby be able to learn who had been instrumental in my arrest. Abandoning all such hopes, and expecting to be obliged to look elsewhere for such information, I am induced to make application for my release in accordance with Executive Order, Numbers 1, of the War Department,* dated February 14, 1862, which application you will please find inclosed.

Yours, most respectfully,

DAVID C. WATTLES.

[Inclosure.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I, David C. Wattles, of Michigan, a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette, hereby make application to be released from custody on my parole of honor to render no aid or comfort to the enemy in hostility to the Government of the United States, in accordance with the terms of Executive Orders, Numbers 1, of the War Department, dated February 14, 1862, in reference to political prisoners.

DAVID C. WATTLES.

ELMIRA, CHEMUNG COUNTY, N. Y.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: I was last November arrested by your order in Detroit, Mich. My papers and book have never been returned, neither can I learn anything about them. The papers are too valuable. I reqn to me at this place. I would also most respectfully beg leave to inquire if after three months' detention in prison and there obliged to expend the little means I possessed to save myself from starvation if I am now to depend upon charity to get home? I would respectfully suggest that you send me a pass to Chicago, Ill.

I am, very respectfully,

GUY S. HOPKINS.

CONCORD, N. H., March 24, 1862.

Honorable MILTON S. LATHAM, U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose a short article from the Saturday evening edition of the Boston Journal (March 22), the substance of which it is

---------------

*See p. 221 for this order.

---------------

