
police; to build our own court-houses; to lay out our public parks, or to say what shall be the legal observances of the Sabbath. [Great cheering.] We have not the right to say who shall be licensed or who shall not be licensed. We can no longer say who shall deal in malt liquors or spirituous liquors; nor have we longer a voice in those domestic arrangements which every community controls except those who live in despotic countries. [Cheers.] We have been deprived of those rights by the legislature-a legislature which in my judgment is a curse not only to the city but to the State and to the whole country. [Faint cheers.]

But, fellow-citizens, the day of deliverance is at hand. [Cheers.] A downtrodden people will no longer lie silent and quiet under oppression of this character. I believe that the good sense of the people of this city will restore to us those rights; will restore power to the government of the State; will restore the power of the chief magistrate of the city [cheers]; restore to the people of New York the right to make those laws which appertain to their own social indulgence, and restore to us that right which every community enjoys to make those peculiar laws which meet the wishes and principles and rights and interests of the people to be governed. [Loud cheers.] I have authority for saying that these rights will be restored. ["Good for you!"] That the time is coming before even next spring when the legislature at Albany will restore to the mayor of New York the right to govern the city of New York according-[the close of the sentence was lost in cheers.]

And if it be my good fortune to be re-elected to this office I can only say to you that if those duties devolve upon me and if I have the power of controlling any of these social and domestic relations I here pledge myself to allow the fullest liberty to all consistent with the safety and good of the community. [Loud cheers.] I am opposed to dictating to any man whether he shall drink water or lager beer or rum. [Vociferous cheering and cries of "Good" and Brave. "] I am opposed to compelling any man to go to church on Sunday if he chooses to go anywhere else. [Continued applause.] I am opposed to imposing unjust taxation on any man though he does sell an article mischievous in itself. I am opposed also to regulating by law what a man must eat and what he must drink and what he must wear. [Loud cheers and cries of "Good" again.] I will let a man's safety hereafter depend entirely as a matter between himself and his God, for I deny the right of any one to step in between me and my Maker. All this I will leave to the individual. In short repeating what I said before, all of these social matters, all of these questions appertaining to mere conscience-all of these matters which rest in a man's own heart-I will leave to himself. I ask him only to conform to law. I ask him not to deprive his neighbor of his property. I ask him to be peaceable, orderly and sober. I ask him not to violate any of the rights of the community. In short I ask him to conform only to the regulations necessary to the safety of the community. But I go no further, and so long as you do this so long are you entitled to the protection of the Government and all those inalienable rights which God and nature have vouchsafed to man. [Cheers.]

I have referred to a party which I denominate an abolition party-a party that has brought this country to the verge of ruin and destruction and precipitated upon it a civil war-[cries "That's so"]-a war which if we survive it is more than any nation has been able to do under similar circumstances. A party that is in favor of freeing the slave that he may rid the South of slavery and bring black labor in

