
competition with the white labor of the North. A party who all its sympathy to the black and has none at all to spare for the poor white man of the North. A party who will oppress you by the interposition of unjust taxation and exaction; who will grind you down to the earth; who will compel you to work for 50 cents a day, and even withhold that from you if it can by fraud. [Cheers.] And yet these men have hearts, but not for you but for the negroes of the South. ["That's so. "] I tell you that so long as this party rules the country there is nopeace for the country. These men are not only in favor of prosecuting the war but they are in favor of perpetuating it and prolonging the war. They are in favor of the war so long as a dollar of the public money is to be expended and in the expenditure they can participate. They are in favor of thewar so long as slavery exists on the continent, and they will prosecute it so long as a drop of Southern blood is to be shed, and so long as they are themselves removed from the scene of danger. [Cheers.] They will get Irishmen and Germans to fill up the regiments and go forth to defend the country under the idea that they will themselves remain at home to divide the amount of plunder that is to be distrubuted. [Cheers.]

If this party gets possession of the city government God help you! [Cheers and laughter.] They have driven the Union to destruction, and they are now battling steadily against the old Empire State itself, which if it falls, I repeat, God help us! My friends of New York, false abolitionism rules in our midst, and I tell you instead of the laws we now live under we will have others of ten thousandfold severity if they succeed in getting possession of this democratic city of New York as tsession of the State. And if they who have already done so much in Albany to rob you of your rights-if they who in Washington plunged the country into civil war and who wrung $500,000,000 from the thews and sinews and the industry of the country so that they might have contracts, and so that they might abolish slavery and shed the blood of Southern men-did this before what would they not do when it addition to that power they get control of the city in adding to the load of wretchedness and misery under which the country already labors? {[Cheers.]

I have discharged my duty hitherto for the public benefit without reference to birth or nationality, without reference to religion,-which is a matter between a man and his God,-and I will only say in conclusion that I have no doubt of a glorious triumph on Tuesday next. [Cheers and cries of "That's so. "] I have no doubt that the people of New York are conservative and national, and that they are democratic; and believing that they are ready to yield up their rights; that they are wiling to yield up this proud commercial emporium of the American continent into the hands of the worst enemies of the country-such enemies as we are afflicted with. [cheers, "Never. "] Believing this I am convinced that New York will sustain my action without reference to public merits or demerits, and feeling confident as I have ever felt confident that the lion-hearted Democracy of New York will stand by me and the principled I represent I think that on Wednesday morning you may say that all is safe; that New York is secure, and that confidence and order is once more restored. I have great hope that your representative in the city hall may be an instrument in God's hands to bring about national unity and national peace. [Cheers, amid [which] Mayor Wood resumed his seat.]

