
NEW YORK, November 30, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

My language in the sppech of Wednesday night here was reported incorrectly. I did not utter the treasonable sentiments reported.

FERNANDO WOOD.

ORIENTAL HOUSE, New York, November 30, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed herewith I send you two newspapers articles. * Of the truth of the averments therein contained there is not a shadow of a doubt. Is it not the duty of the State Department at Washington to shut the mouth of this caitiff Wood by sending him to some fort in the harbor of New York, or to the State prison at Sing Sing, if they will have him in there? This city has been accursed with him long enough, and now that he has grown bold with his treason is the proper time to rid the community of so vile a pest.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. UNDERHILL.

NEW YORK, December 2, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith two extracts from our daily papers, the subject of which I think will commend itself to your special attention at a time when the Government needs and is fairly entitled to the aid and sympathy of its friends, and when those who are placed in positions of trust and honor pervert their influence and talents and openly enlist both in the service of its enemies. I am but an humble citizen, but feel it to be within the scope of my duty as I hold it to be of every true friend of his country to spot a traitor wherever found, and whoever may omit to do so I will not knowingly be one of them.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

WILLIAM L. HASKINS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1. -Editorial extract from New York Evening Post November 29, 1861.]

FERNANDO WOOD'S TREASON.

We have not cared about saying much on the character of Fernando Wood who is now a candidate for mayor again under greatly diminished chances of success. We knew that if he were given the opportunity he would damage himself more than he could be damaged by any opponent. One year ago he was writing base letters to Toombs, of Georgia, declaring his sorrow because our police stopped the transmission of arms that were about to be used against our own lives, and he was contriving plans for disconnecting the city of New York from the Union. He had small maps made for distribution among his followers which represented this island as a part of a new Southern Confederacy. He was then an out-and-out traitor.

But the great outbreak of Northern enthusiasm which followed the assault upon Fort Sumter frightened him for a time. Like the sly fox

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

