
that he is he wiped his eyes in apparent penitence and pronounced for the Union. He had the audacity even to attend the great meeting at Union Square and make a patriotic speech. Somebody in the crowd cried out, instinctively distrustful of his honesty, "We mean to hold you to this, Fernandy; " but that was a very inexperienced politician if he supposed that Fernandy was to be held to anything but his own interest. With the abatement of the first popular enthusiasm Wood's zeal has abated. His love for the Union has declined with the days. At last he is bold enough to avow his opposition to the war and to make appeals to the people against it. In a speech read to the Germans on Wednesday the hoof of the devil was shown in this wise:

I have referred to a party which I denominate an abolition party-a party that has brought this country to a verge of ruin and destruction and precipitated upon it a civil war-a war which if we survive it is more than any nation has been able to do under similar circumstances. A party that is in favor of freeing the slave that it may rid the South of slavery and bring black labor in competition with the white labor of the North. A party who gives all its sympathy to the black and has none at all to spare for the poor white man of the North. A party who will oppress you by the interposition of unjust taxation and exaction; will grind you down to the earth; who will compel you to work for 50 cents a day, and even withhold that from you if it can by fraud. [Cheers.] And yet these men have hearts, but not for you but for the negroes of the South. [That's so.] I tell you that so long as this party rules the country there is no peace for the country. These men are not only in favor of prosecuting the war but they are in favor of perpetuating it and prolonging the war. They are in favor of the war so long as a dollar of the public money is to be expended and in the expenditure of which they can participate. They are in favor of the war so long as slavery exists on the continent, and they will prosecute it so long as a drop of Southern blood is to be shed, and so long as they are themselves removed from the scene of danger. [Cheers.] They will get Irish-men and Germans to fill up the regiments and go forth to defend the country under the idea that they will themselves remain at home to divide the amount of plunder that is to be distributed. [Cheers.] If this party get possession of the city government God help you! [Cheers and laughter.] They have driven the Union to destruction, and they are now battling steadily against the old Empire State itself, which if it falls, I repeat, God help us! If they who in Washington plunged the country into civil war and who wrung $500,000,000 from the thews and sinews and the industry of the country so that they might have contracts, and so that they might abolish slavery and shed the blood of Southern men-did this before what would they not do when in addition to that power they get control of the city in adding to the load of wretchedness and misery under which the country already labors? [Cheers.]

Nothing so atrocious as this has been uttered since the beginning of the war, and the miscreant who uttered it asks the suffrages of the free citizens of New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. -Editorial extract from the Brooklyn Times November 30, 1861.]

ANOTHER CANDIDATE FOR FORT LAFAYETTE.

There is something very imposing in impudence. Cheek is a quality which the world recognizes and defers to. Boldness is admirable; but impudence, cheek and boldness, when applied to the defense and dissemination of treason, which are used to stir up civil strife, to set class against class, and prepare the way for anarchy, lose the respect the world otherwise accords them, and while we are startled by their display in such a cause we seek to punish the possessor of them. On Wednesday evening last Fernando Wood addressed a large meeting of Germans in a lager beer garden in New York inwhich he displayed more impudence, cheek and wicked boldness than we thought even he, reckless and reliant upon the recklessness and wickedness of the elements which sustain him as we knew him to be, would dare to display. After sending up a wail over the fact that the power which during

