
strong Fernando Wood's reliance must be upon his own power and the strength of the elements with which he works, and how much he needs to be taught that no position, no power, no political intriguing and wirepulling can shield him or any other man from the just consequences of treasonable utterances and acts. There are a hundred men to-day held as State prisoner in the various forts in our harbors not half so guilty as Wood, and who should be set free atonce if this lyin demagogue cannot be checked. He is as much a traitor to-day as Mason or Slidell, and should share their fate. And yet such a man dares to ask the patriotic city of New York to place him at the head of its municipal government, and promises if they do so to bring about national peace. God defend us from the peace such a man would bring about-a peace purchased at the price of national honor, of the sacrifice of every principle we hold dear, and the utter demolition of everything the good, the honest, the loyal and the true cherish as sacred!

Case of Parker H. French.

This person, known as Parker H. French, alias Carlisle Murray, alias Charles Maxy, was denounced to the Department of State as being engaged in efforts to fit out a privateer or private vessel at Boston under pretense of arming a vessel for the public service, and as being busy in propagating a secret disloyal society called the Knights of the Golden Circle in Boston and other parts of New England. On or about the 2nd of November, 1861, an order was issued for his arrest, which was executed on or about the 6th of November, 1861, at Branford, Conn., and the prisoner taken to Fort Warren. The papers discovered in possession of French show that he had been negotiating with Mr. Lawrence, of Boston, to sell to the Government for him two steamers for the naval service; also that he had been ostensibly making some exertion to buy and arm for the service of the Government or to induce the Government to arm a propeller at Boston; also that he had in his possession and had made some use of a set of forms for a secret society called Knights of the Golden Square, instead of Circle, and that said secret society purported to be of loyal instead of disloyal character. French himself states in letters to the Department of State that his reputation was so bad that unfavorable constructions were put upon all his acts. The suspicions excited against him at Boston were not allayed by the apperances which it was assumed he had contrived to throw around his movements and intentions for the express purpose of eluding justice. The said French remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in accordance with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

NEW YORK, November 30, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I am appealed to in most pathetic terms by Parker H. French to give his case a careful examination and have promised him I would do so. He while admitting that there are clouds upon his good name protests most earnestly that treason cannot be imputed to him. If he

