
[NEW YORK,] December 20, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I have this morning received several affidavits* in behalf of Parker H. French. They are not of a character to affect the conclusions in relation to his case and are therefore not at present important, but it is proper that they should be on file in your Department.

Yours, respectfully,

S. C. HAWLEY.

NEW YORK, February 13, 1862.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: Yours containing the letter of H. Lynde Harrison in relation to Parker H. French is received. I have given much attention to the case of Parker H. French. I do not find in the evidence I have seen any facts or circumstances which cannot be reconciled with his loyalty to the Government. Everything connected with his career is mysterious and feigned, but I think it is the result of his temperament and habits as a general filibuster. It appears that he concerned himself about selling propellers to the Government, but in that transaction A. A. Lawrence was a party, and there is no satisfactory evidence that in that business French intended anything more than a speculation of such character as has been common during this war.

I think he should be set at liberty, and I do not think the conditions upon which he should be discharged are important. If he is a Union man as his papers would seem to imply conditions are not needed, but if he is a well disguised traitor conditions will be useless, as he has no moral qualities to command any degree of confidence in his promises.

I return the paper inclosed to me with a recommendation that Mr. Parker H. French be set at liberty on such conditions as shall be deemed proper.

Respectfully, yours,

S. C. HAWLEY.

I return herewith the paper inclosed to me.

S. C. H.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd day of February, instant, the following prisoners confined in Fort Warren upon their engaging upon honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: * * * Parker H. French. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

