
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, March 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR; * * * I have the honor to report that the following named persons have taken their parole and left agreeably to your order of the 21st ultimo: * * * Parker H. French. * * *

I am, sir, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

Case of James Brown.

James Brown, of Saint Martin's Parish, La., was arrested in Boston, Mass., about the 13th of November, 1861, by the U. S. marshal of Massachusetts, charged with being about to return to the South with letters and contraband information. Upon his person was found a number of specimens of leather tanned by a new process (in the space of twenty-four hours), the receipt for doing which it was believed he had obtained with the intention of taking South to be used for the benefit of the insurrectionists. Also neatly sewed in the lining of his coat sleeve was discovered a letter from W. L. Yancey to his son B. C. Yancey, captain of artillery, C. S. Army, Fort Morgan, Mobile, Ala. This letter was dated London, August 23, 1861, and inclosed to the address of Messrs. Hobart &amp; Foster, of New Orleans, and of a highly treasonable character. November 15, 1861, an order was issued by the Department of State directing the U. S. marshal to convey Brown to Fort Warren, which order was duly executed on the 20th of that month. The said James Brown remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the proceeding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Boston, November 13, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to report * * * that I arrested here to-day one James Brown, of Saint Martin's Parish, La., who came from there via New Orleans, Memphis, Henderson, Ky., Saint Louis, Chicago, &c., leaving October 10 and arriving here October 27, with a pass from Governor Moore and an officer at Henderson, &c. He has been engaged in getting out railroad sleepers in Louisiana, and has a steam saw-mill and a gang of hands engaged in the work for the New Orleans, Opelousas and Great Western Railroad, now finished eighty miles from New Orleans to Brashear City. Since his return to Bridgewater, Mass., where he formerly lived and has a wife and child, he has been making careful inquiries into the process of tanning leather in twenty-four hours, and had on his person a number of specimens of leather probably prepared by this process. He brought as he says a few open letters to parties North, and had quite a number that he was to take back with him which he gave up and proved to be merely private family correspondence.

