
Upon searching him there was found in his coat-sleeve lining, sewed carefully in, the inclosed letter from W. L. Yancey to his son at Fort Morgan, Ala. It was directed as per outer envelope, and Brown was requested by Hobart &amp; Foster to call for their letters at John Monroe & Co. 's, New York, and bring them safely through. Not going to New York, he sent by a friend who obtained this and another (a private letter) to Mr. Forster and brought them here to Brown, who declared his entire ignorance of their contents as they were sealed. He had no other articles except his and his wife's personal baggage which was carefully searched. I have him still in custody, and should be glad of directions in regard to him. I think he was going back to look after his interests South, taking his wife with him, and that he took these letters as a friendly act to the New Orleans firm.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

15 HALF MOON STREET, London, August 23, 1861.

[B. C. YANCEY, Esq.,

Captain of Artillery, C. S. Army, Fort Morgan, Mobile, Ala.]

DEAR BEN: After so long a delay after having had two good personal opportunities of sending to me direct and yet not hearing from you I was surprised on receiving from you your letter of 23rd July this morning. I believe it contained not a word of news, not even a reference to your health. All its allusions to war matters I had learned long since. We get three mails a week from the United States and Canada and see all the New York and Baltimore papers ten and eleven days after publication. We also see the New Orleans papers pretty regularly. What I desired to know was that within your own immediate circle of movements; the condition of the forts in Mobile Harbor; who is commander; who are your brother officers; what is your daily routine of duties; what your command; are they regular troops, militia, or volunteers; what your progress in learning the details of your profession, &c. None of that is to be found in the newspapers. I hear from home irregularly yet still often. I received at one time, that is regularly, letters of dates of 20th, 23rd and 27th June; then a long lapse and then one of 22nd July and none since. On that day your mother wrote that she rarely heard from you-perhaps not since your return. In my eye all this is wrong-yea, it is cruel. The ladies are at home and every man of the family at a distance and the times gloomy and troublesome. You could write weekly. How you look upon it is another thing.

My health is good. I have fattened here very much. I can only allude in general terms to public affairs. Europe desires to be strictly neutral yet now believes that the South will win its cause. Capitalists as at present advised will lend no money to either side. The North has been buying arms very largely, good and bad. It is difficult for us to ship any. Our officers here are doing their duty with energy and sagacity. The blockade will be raised before December if not made perfect. France and England are conferring and acting together. There is no difference. Spain, Denmark, Belgium and Prussia are all ready to recognize us to-day, but will only act when the great powers act.

There is enough cotton here to answer till the 21st November, if they consume as much a week as they did last year. They may make it last by short time and increased import of East Indian cotton and increased use of it till February. The summer here has been delightful. I have

