
worn broadcloth all the time and sleep under two blankets every night. The harvest is gathered and was fine-a loss to the North of $30,000,000. Fruits are very dear. Too little sun to ripen or give a good flavor. I see Southernest constantly. No trouble in coming and going over the lines. No search coming, but search for those going home.

Your father,

W. L. YANCEY.

P. S. -Foreign postage is high and is by weight, hence I write closely on silk paper. If not prepaid it is double. I paid for your letter 50 cents. You can write and send to George Forster, New Orleans, with request to forward through John Monroe &amp; Co., of New York. Address as before under cover to Arthur Dare, 15 Half Moon street, London. I send a postage stamp to put on that envelope-of one silk sheet and two silk envelopes.

W. L. Y.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, FORT Warren, Boston Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd day of February, instant the following prisoner confined in Fort Warren upon their engaging upon honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: * * * James Brown. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, March 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In reply to yours of the 15th I have the honor to report that the following-named prisoners have taken their parole and left agreeably to your order of the 21st ultimo: * * * James Brown. * * *

I am, sir, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

Case of Rev. J. P. B. Wilmer.

HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, November 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Some weeks ago the Rev. Dr. Wilmer, of Philadelphia, resigned his pastoral charge with the assurance from General Scott whom he consulted that he should have a passport to Virginia where he has property. He is now here with his wife and three young children. May not his case be properly made an exception to the late rule suspending the issue of passports? Was not the engagement of General Scott a pledge which the Government may be called on to redeem, as Mr. Wilmer on the faith he reposed in it has given up his place and is here without the means of subsistence, his resources in Virginia being cut off? I hope you will take this view of the subject. I have known

