
the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

John T. Day was arrested about the 27th of November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington was committed to the Old Capital. He was charged with having been an open and unrelenting secessionist, and that he with others in August last awaited in ambush the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville and murdered two of them, wounding another. The said John T. Day remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

John Coleman, Charles W. Coleman and Philip W. Carper were arrested about the 27th of November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington were committed to the Old Capitol Prison. They were charged with having been open and unrelenting secessionists, and that they in August last awaited in ambush the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville, Va., and murdered two of them, wounding another. The persons mentioned above remained at the Old Capital Prison February 15, 1862, when they were transferred to the charge of the War Department.

John B. Farr was arrested about the 27th of November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington was committed to the Old Capitol. He was charged with having been an open and unrelenting secessionist; a member of a secret committee who made it a business to seek out the Union men of Fairfax County, Va., and by threats forcing them to abandon their property and leave the State; also a member of the home guard; in that capacity that he with othst awaiting in ambush the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville and murdered two of them, wounding another. The said John R. Farr remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

John T. De Bell was arrested about the 27th November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington was committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with having been an open and unrelenting secessionist, and that he with others in August last awaited in ambush the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville, Va., and murdered two of them, wounding another. The said John T. De Bell remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

R. H. Gunnell was arrested about the 27th day of November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington was committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with having been an open and unrelenting secessionist, and that he with others in August last awaited the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville and murdered two of them,

