
wounding another. The said R. H. Gunnell remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

James [W.] Farr was arrested about the 27th day of November, 1861, by a cavalry company in General McCall's division at Dranesville, Va., and having been brought to Washington was committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with having been an open and unrelenting secessionist, and that he with others inited in ambush the coming of some Federal pickets near Dranesville, Va., and murdered two of them, wounding one. The said James [W.] Farr remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

These persons [George G. and Richard Coleman] were arrested at Dranesville, Va., by order of Brigadier-General McCall December 6, 1861, and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. They were charged with having in conjunction with a party of citizens of Dranesville assassinated several U. S. soldiers doing picket duty and with mutilating their bodies. The said George G. and Richard Coleman remained in the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when they were transferred to the charge of the War Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

CAMP PEIRPOINT, VA., November 27, 1861.

Captain H. J. BIDDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McCall's Division.

SIR: In obedience to orders I started from this camp yesterday with my regiment at 9 o'clock in the evening for the purpose of marching on Dranesville. * * * I arrested six of the citizens of Dranesville who are known to be secessionists of the bitterest stamp. The names of the citizens taken are as following: John T. Day, M. D., Dranesville; R. H. Gunnell, Great Falls, Va. ; John T. De Bell, C. W. Coleman, Dranesville, W. B. Day, M. D., Dranesville; J. B. Farr. Upon my return some miles from Dranesville a fire was opened upon the head of the column from a thick pine wood. Assistant Surgeon Alexander was seriously wounded and Private Joel Houghtaling was badly wounded and I had my horse killed. Surgeon Stanton received a ball in his overcoat and his horse was shot twice. The woods were instantly surrounded and the carbiners dismounted and sent into the wood. We killed two and captured four, one of whom is shot twice and is not expected to live. Private Houghtaling is I fear mortally wounded.

* * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Colonel First Pennsylvania Regiment Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS McCALL'S DIVISION,Camp Peirpoint, November 27, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: Herewith are forwarded to be delivered to you eleven prisoners taken by our cavalry in a dash at the secession picket at

