
Dranesville, viz, two cavalrymen, three infantry soldiers; five secessionists of known activity in furnishing supplies to rebel forces or taken in arms, the details of which arrests will be furnished in the report of the officer concerned. One of the prisoners is said to be a South Carolina officer and aide-de-camp.

By direction of Brigadier-General McCall:

H. J. BIDDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosed list of prisoners.]

W. D. Farley (captain and aide to General Bonham), First South Carolina Volunteers; F. de Caradene, lieutenant Seventh South Carolina Volunteers; Private F. Hildebrand, Thirtieth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; Private A. M. Whitten, Thirtieth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Cavalry; P. W. Carper, Seventh Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Citizens, &amp;c. -John T. Day, M. D., Dranesville; R. H. Gunnell, Great Falls, Va. ; John T. De Bell, C. W. Coleman, Dranesville; William B. Day, M. D., Dranesville; J. B. Farr.

The following is a list of the citizens that attacked four of our men on Lowe's Island, killing two of them, and stripped and left them so that the hogs ate them: a Dr. William B. Day, a Dr. John Day, Thomas Carper, John Coleman, Gilson Jenkins, Samuel Jenkins, a Thomas Coleman (who now has one of the pistols taken at that time), James Farr, a Philip Carper, James Carper and Stephen Farr. They are all residents about Dranesville. This information was furnished by three of Mrs. Coleman's negroes who came into Camp Griffin November 26, 1861.

The above is a copy of a paper furnished by John Hawkshurts, member of the Union Legislature of Virginia from Fairfax County, now residing at first house this side of Lewisville on road from Langley. Mr. Hawkshurst goes to Wheeling to attend the Legislature to-morrow. The negroes referred to he states were sent into Washington from General Hancock on November 27.

H. J. BIDDLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McCall's Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, November 30, 1861.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General Andrew Porter.

The general commanding desires the circumstances investigated as far as the men now in custody of the provost-marshal are connected with the alleged murder, and if the matter of allegation can be proved he desires the men brought to trial for the murder.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 3, 1861.

Brigadier-General PORTER.

DEAR SIR: I was arrested a short time ago at my house in Dranesville in bed and for what charge I do not know unless it was for feeding

a These four men were among the prisoners sent in from McCall's division on 27th instant. Thomas Coleman, captured wounded, lies dead in the hospital.

