
Whoever reported me it has been guess work with them, and nothing would give me more pleasure than to meet them on trial. I would also refer you to the Union men's families who were left by their husbands to avoid being arrested whether they ever knew me to have anything to do with having Union men arrested or their property taken from them. I was abused by the Confederates for feeding some of General McCall's men and for selling him 100 bushels oats, threatening to arrest me for doing it, and I was also refused a pass to go through their lines to get provisions. If you will grant me the liberty of taking the oath of allegiance to the United States and to remain in the lines I will do it until my home is in the Union again.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. W. COLEMAN.

[Indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 13, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General Andrew Porter with a request that unless are well-founded reasons to the contrary the prisoner may be released upon the usual conditions. Please report to this Department.

E. D. WEBSTER,

Clerk.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: As the daughter of a good and loyal citizen of the United States I beg you will give attention to the following statements:

On the night of the 27th of November, 1861, the U. S. troops entered the village of Dranesville, Fairfax County, Va., and seized my father who was then in his bed upon suspicion of disloyalty and brought him to this city and placed him in the Old Capitol Prison where he is still in custody. Being a resident of Washington myself I solicited Mr. Carpenter (correspondent of the New York Tribune) to procure me a pass which your honor very politely granted. Upon the occasion of my visit my father assured me in the presence of the said Mr. Carpenter that his sentiments have always been those of loyalty to the Government, and his feelings are sorely wounded to think that he should thus suffer upon a false accusation, and he assured me that nothing would give him more pleasure than to be permitted to swear allegiance to the Government he has always loved. Furthermore he has a family-a wife and young children depending upon him for support and protection-who have been left exposed to outrage and want with no one to care for them.

So far as I can learn no individual has preferred any charge against him. I presume he would remove his family to this city if liberated. Now, sir, with these facts I beg and implore that you will give speedy attention to his case; and for the sake of humanity, for the sake of the cause of the Union, for the sake of his health which is declining from confinement and grief, for the sake of his helpless and unprotected family, for the sake of God, I trust your honor will grant him an immediate release.

Submitting the above I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

KATE FARR.

