
digham should be forthwith arrested and taken care of until the war is ended, and we hope that Marshal A. C. Sands will be instructed to make said arrest.

F. J. TYTUS.

JACOB MORRIS.

The parts of Mr. Vallandigham's speech which we heard are correctly set forth above.

M. P. ALSTON.

PHILIP BERRY.

J. F. SHUTERLAND.

We, the undersigned citizens of the said Congressional district, believing the above to be a correct statement of the speech of Mr. Vallandigham and of its tendency, and considering that he has at other times and places made speeches to the same effect, and believing that he is using all his influence to defeat the efforts of the Government in crushing out the rebellion which now so seriously threatens its existence, would earnestly urge upon you the necessity of the immediate arrest of C. L. Vallandigham and of his safe-keeping until the public danger is removed.

WM. BECKETT.

E. G. DYER.

ISRAEL WILLIAMS.

EZRA POTTER.

As to the character and responsibility of Beckett, Dyer, Williams, Tytus, Morris, Potter and Alston, and Berry and Sutherland, see Secretary Chase.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS, Prestonburg, November 5, 1861.

Having this day occupied the town of Prestonburg with the force under my command I declare to all whom it may concern that the jurisdiction of the State of Kentucky is restored in this section of the State, and that the regular fall terms of the courts will be held in those counties in which the time for holding the same has not passed; and all civil officers are ordered to attend at the regular times and places of holding said courts and attend to the duties of their respective offices.

Given under my hand this 5th day of November, 1861.

W. NELSON,[Brigadier-General, Commanding.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 7, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM DENNISON, Columbus, Ohio.

GOVERNOR: I have had the honor to receive your telegraphic dispatch of yesterday* expressing an opinion that three brothers named Crumbaugh, from Kentucky, now held as prisoners of war, ought to be released, and requesting their discharge after taking the oath of alle-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

