
aforesaid means were early taken to procure and collect the evidence in their cases individually and collectively, and as far as concerned J. B. Farr resulted as follows:

William Tyson, citizen of Langley, Va., stated that he was postmaster at Beach Grove, Va., from which place he was driven by the rebels about two months before Farr's arrest, and that just previous to his leaving he was told by John Hurst, a secessionist, that John B. Farr was one of the guerrilla party which waited in ambush in August last near the Potomac, a short distance from Dranesville, for a company of Union soldiers who had crossed over from Maryland at that point, said party attacking and firing on the Union soldiers, killing two or three and wounding another who was taken by them to Dranesville, where a glorification was held by the secessionists over their achievement. Tyson further stated that of his own knowledge said Farr was an active secessionist and very bitter against Union men.

Nelson Voorhes, of Dranesville, Va., stated that he knew John B. Farr as a very rabid secessionist who had been very active in obtaining information for the rebels, and was a member of the rebel home guards of Dranesville.

Nathaniel Hanery, of Dranesville, stated that he knew John B. Farr to be a secessionist who voted against the Union at the May election and used all his power to persuade others to do likewise; that Farr was a member of a committee which met at Fairfax Court-House for the purpose of inquiring into the opinions of citizens of Fairfax County and with the view of driving out such men as were found to be favorable to the Union; that among others who were thus driven out were two brothers named Gould and John Lester, a merchant all of whom with their families were compelled to leave, while their property was all either destroyed or confiscated.

Amos T. Berdle stated that he knew John B. Farr; had heard him say that he would kill the damned Yankees wherever he could catch them; that they had no business there at all that Farr voted for secession and did all he could to persuade others to do the same.

Thomas T. Johnson, of Fairfax County, Va., stated that John B. Farr was a notorious secessionist, having voted that ticket and was a member of the rebel home guards; that he was one of the committee which met at Fairfax Court-House having for its object the hunting up, persecution and expulsion of Union men; that he (Johnson) was told by J. B. Farr that he (Farr) had heard he was a Union man, and that if such was the case he (Johnson) had better be leaving.

Henry Bishop, of the same county, stated that Farr was a notorious secessionist.

William Waters, same county, stated that Farr was a notorious secessionist and was reported to have taken an active part in aiding the rebels and in persecuting Union men.

Daniel L. Borden stated that he was arrested the day after Ellsworth was killed by John T. Day, John B. Farr and others and was told by them that if he (Borden) went to Washington to join the Union army his property would be burned and his family massacred.

Such in brief is the evidence against Farr, the mere recital of which is sufficient to establish the groundlessness of his pretension to be a good and loyal citizen of the United States. But the case does by no means rest here. It has been stated by several different persons from Dranesville and vicinity whose statements are on file in this office that that same guerrilla party of which John B. Farr is stated to have made one member did some time in the month of August last proceed

