
and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

JAMES W. FARR.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 25th day of March, 1862.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[NOTE. -John B. Farr, R. H. Gunnell and John T. De Bell also subscribed to the same oath and were discharged.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., May 5, 1862.

Colonel TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: Dr. William B. Day, a civilian, is confined in the Old Capitol Prison and is held to answer very serious charges, and his release was refused by the commission (Judge Pierrepont and General Dix) on any terms.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. DOSTER,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., May 20, 1862.

PHILIP W. CARPER, Old Capitol Prison, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th instant,* and to inform you in reply that your case has not been considered either with reference to an exchange or to a discharge from the military custody of the United States for the reason that you are held in confinement on the charge of having engaged in an irregular or guerrilla mode of warfare. Under these circumstances your application to be released on parole to return to your home in Fairfax County, Va., or for any other purpose cannot be granted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

CITY OF WASHINGTON, June 4, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON.

DEAR SIR: Dr. John [T.] Day, William [B.] Day# and Charles [W.] Coleman have at your suggestion and upon the advice of Mr. Mackall and myself consented to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. I respectfully ask that your order the release of John Day and Charles Coleman upon their taking the oath above stated. And so far as Dr. William Day is concerned he has left the matter entirely with Mr. Mackall and myself; he is willing to take the oath at our request, and we will give bond in the sum of $20,000 that the said Dr. Day will observe all his obligations.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully and truly,

JOHN S. HOLLINGSHEAD.

[Indorsement in pencil.]

Release of John [T.] Day and Charles Coleman ordered.

---------------

*Not found.

#Old Capitol prison records show that Day was released by exchange July 15, 1862-COMPILER.

---------------

