
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., January 4, 1862.

WILLIAM P. WOOD, Superintendent of the Old Capitol Prison.

SIR: You will release from custody Dr. John [T.] Day and Charles [W.] Coleman on their taking the oath of allegiance to the United States, Judge Pierrepont having recommended their release upon this condition. You will make return of your proceedings in these cases, indorsed hereon to the provost-marshal, that the proper entry may be made upon the records of his office.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., June 12, 1862.

E. D. WEBSTER, State Department.

SIR: The Secretary of War desires to be informed of the ground upon which Philip W. Carper* is held a prisoner of State. Also whether he is one of the number whom the commission recommended to be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

Yours, very respectfully,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Case of George W. Jones.

George W. Jones, of Iowa, former Delegate in Congress from Michigan and Wisconsin, U. S. surveyor-general, U. S. Senator from Iowa, and late minister resident from the United States at Bogota, New Granada, was arrested in New York by an order of the Secretary of State on the 20th day of December, 1861. His arrest was a precautionary measure to prevent his carrying into effect a purpose he had repeatedly professed that he entertained-of going South to join his fortunes and his efforts with those of the rebels. In a letter dated Bogota, New Granada, May 17, 1861, addressed by Jones to Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi, President, &amp;c., as his "noble and very dear friend," Jones dwells at length upon his sympathy with Davis and his cause; his admiration of the system of slavery; his hatred of all friends of freedom, and his own wrongs in being compelled by public opinion to emancipate nine slaves during his residence in the Territory of Iowa. He says:

You may well say as you do in your letter to me that you "know you (I) will sympathize with us (you). " How can I feel other, dear old friend college mate and colleague, than sympathy for you and the people whom you represent on such an occasion? Born in what they tauntingly call a free State (Indiana), brought up in Missouri, and educated there and in Kentucky, and having resided for the last thirty-four years in Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa, I cannot but be well acquainted with the principles, feelings and actions of the parties to the contest which is now going on in my beloved country.

When I went to Wisconsin, then Michigan I took with me my servants whom at their request I purchased, they having been born in Illinois and made slaves under the ordinance of 1787. Abolitionists who like Doty, Bronson, Burnett, et al., came to my house to share my hospitality told my slaves that they were free, and actually made the ignorant but happy Paul to believe he was free and to bring suit for himself and his sister Charlotte, both of whom you may recollect as they wited on you when you visited us. I had a vexatious and long law suit with Paul but triumphed over him and his abolition advisers. I served in Congress as Delegate from Michigan

---------------

*Old Capitol prison records show that Carper was sent South for exchange, July 30, 1862. -COMPILER.

---------------

