
and Wisconsin two years each, and was then beaten for the third term by Doty because I served as a second in the Cilley and Graves and was a slave-owner. In 1841 I was removed from the office of surveyor-general of Wisconsin and Iowa by General Harrison's administration through Doty's influence as the then Delegate simply because I was a Democrat and sympathized with the South; no single objection having been made against me of any other character. Mr. Polk, God bless him, restored me in 1845 and put out the long-legged black Republican Jim Wilson, of New Hampshire, who had superseded me. I was transferred from the surveyor general's office in December, 1848, to the U. S. Senate, and driven therefrom by the Abolitionists in 1859, no other objection having been made to me save that I was a followed of the South and a "dough-face" for such men as yourself, Clay and other Southerners. If there fore I had no other reason for sympathizing with the South the bad treatment which I have received at the hands of Northern Abolitionists would have made me do so.

Further on in the same letter he says:

My prayers are all regularly offered up for the reunion of the States and for the peace, concord and happiness of my country. But let what may come to pass you may rely upon it as you say that neither I nor mine will be found in the ranks of our (your) enemies. May God Almighty avert civil war, but if unhappily it shall come you may-I think would without doubt-count upon me and mine and hosts of other friends standing shoulder to shoulder in the ranks with you and our other Southern friends and relatives whose rights like my own have been disregarded by the abolitionists. I love Wisconsin and Iowa for the honors conferred by them on me and because I served them always faithfully; but I will not make war with them against the South whose rights they shamefully neglected.

He concluded this long letter by saying: "The dissolution of the Union will probably be the cause of my own ruin as well as that of my country, and may cause me and mine to go South. " Jones states in this letter that his latest advices from the United States were of the date of February 22, 1861, so that he had barely heard of the installation of his correspondent as President of the insurgent Confederacy. Fearing, however, that his letter might not reach its destination he sent a copy by a subsequent mail accompanied by a letter dated Bogota, May 23, 1861, in which he says:

It will not be many months, I guess, before my successor shall present himself here. I shall then return home immediately to try and so arrange my financial matters as to be enabled to save my delightful residence as a home for my noble and beloved wife and our children. Should I fail in that I know not what I shall do or whither to look for another, for I shall not be willing to continue at Dubuque or in Iowa or the North.

I wish I had taken John M. Bass' advice a few years ago and had sold off the most of my then valuable property and gone down to Louisiana, Mississippi or Texas and had purchased a cotton plantation as he did on credit, paying for it in a few years thereafter. Now my property is unasalable and I apprehend it will grow worse if the reunion of the States be not speedily effected. To cap the climax the dissolution of the Union will absolutely blast all my hopes. If Breckinridge or Lane had been elected business and prosperity would have soon revived, and besides I would doubtless havhere. * * * I want you to write me and to give at length your views and opinions of the present and prospective condition of the country and advise me what to do. Your letter shall be confidential entirely if you wish it. I have, dear Jeffie, as your wife calls you, more confidence in your opinion than in that of any living man. The secession of the States leaves us National Democrats of the North who stood by you in a deplorable condition, and but that I know you could not do otherwise I should feel hard toward you for leaving us to the mercy of abolitionism. Even Crittenden's amendments if all adopted would allay the storm but for a short time. The equilibrium should never have been broken up between the free and slave States, and I said and knew that twenty years ago.

As the mails were very irregular at that period in New Granada he had not sent off his letter before he concluded to send a further missive; and he therefore opened the envelope and inclosed a note dated Bogota, May 27, 1861, in which he comes to the point as follows:

MY DEAR FRIEND: As I have not been able to send off my letter to you I open it to write you a few lines and to make an earnest appeal to you as my old and valued

