
friend and as the President of the Southern Confederate in behalf of my only brother, General Augustin Jones, who resides at Columbus, Colorado County, Tex., and who I judge from the tenor of the inclosed letter from his charming young Virginia wife has become reduced in his pecuniary circumstances. I wish you, my dear friend, to provide some office for him, either in Texas, at the seat of Government of your new Confederate, or anywhere else.

On the 1st day of August 1861, Jones addressed a letter to Honorable I. E. Morse, New Orleans, in which he avows the same purpose of adhering to the cause of the insurgents, as follows:

I expect my successor, Allen A. Burton, of Kentucky, every day, and will leave on the next day after his areedingly anxious to return home to my family, my sons having left them to come down South to fight for the maintenance of the Constitution, the laws and the rights of the people of the South, as I intend to do if required to fight at all and it be possible for me to leave my family and my private affairs, now almost in a ruined state in consequence of the crisis.

In various letters from members of Jones' family to him they allude to his proclivities and his probable determination to identify himself with the cause of the rebels. April 9, 1861, C. S. D. Jones, son of George W., writes to his father from New York giving an account of a visit he had made to the State Department, and an interview he had with Mr. Sanford, then just appointed minister to Belgium. It seems that Jones had made application to Doctor Mackie and Mr. Sanford to retain his position at Bogota. Young Jones describes Doctor Mackie as cool, and is surprised at discovering Mr. Sanford, "instead of being muco fino to be nothing more than a well-educated Yankee. " Mr. Sanford it seems had been at Bogota and young Jones had also been there afterward, and evidently had his envy excited by hearing the Bogotans speak of Mr. Sanford as a fine gentleman, while he emphatically avers that "he is nothing more than a pretty smart Yankee, no more to be compared with a Southern gentleman than Hyperion to a Satyr; " and again, "It strikes me that he had very little of the fine gentleman about him He did not trouble himself about you, I feel pretty sure. " The young man then adds:

On how deeply I regret that your poverty ever made you intimate to Sanford or Mackie that you would like to be retained. You ought to resign and come home if they do not send your successor soon. You owe it to your principles and friends in the South. Of course you know it by this time that the cotton States have seceded and that your old friend Jeff. Davis is President of the Southern Confederacy. All hail to it I say,-although I loved the Union dearly,-but I hate abolitionism and love the Southern people. Come home, and lef's move South and help them fight for their independence. The last news is that Old Abe will commence a war on the South. God protect us if he does. I feel a conviction that I shall fight for the South. Come home soon. * * * I had not time to get you a pair of holsters made is to send. They are the best extant. You must keep them for our revolution, if we are to have one precipitated by those damnable abolitionists.

On the 16th of June, 1861, the same C. S. D. Jones wrote to his father from Dubuque setting forth his views of persons and public sentiment there, and saying:

As long as you were in the Senate or in a good office these fellows and those like them were very great friends of yours. But now things are changed. When you come home you will know these things more fully. What I wish to impress upon you now is that you must leave Dubuque or sink down and sacrifice your principles as no man of honor could ever think of doing. This is to express the hope that you will not allow first impressions or promises or inducements offered to you when you get to New York or Washington to compel you to make avowal of sympathy (if you have any) for Abe Lincoln and his war upon the South-that you will not do as Douglas and the rest of the semi-abolitionists at the North have done. I wish to advise you to keep all the money you have till you get home. Dont' pay Corcoran or any one else a cent till you have come home and seen for yourself. You will need

82 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

