
more money here than you imagine. If you are opposed to the war and in favor of Southern independence you must be circumspect and extremely careful till you arrive at home and get your accounts settled. Doctor Mackie is a very miserable Black Republican I assure you.

On the 31st of July, 1861, the same son writes to his father from Dubuque, giving an account of the battle of Bull Run, and says:

I expect a very speedy recognition of Southern independence by all the great powers at an early day. Viva la Confederation! Jeff. Davis was very conspicuous during the battle, riding on a white horse. He commanded the center, Beauregard the right, and General Johnston the left. God bless them all and their people is my heartfelt prayer. How much I wish that we could have been there to share in the glory of that day. George went to Nashville about the 26th of May last with my approbation. He was engaged for a little time in drilling recruits but is now staying with Colonel B. R. Johnson.

On the 6th of August, 1861, he again writes to his father from Dubuque, saying:

This will be most probably my last letter to you before our next separation, which I trust an identity of principle and interest will render unnecesary. * * * With in your going to Bogota and in Mr. Seward's doing you the eminent favor to recall you. I regard this act as the greatest favor to you that he could have done possibly-not the transfer to a mission worth $50,000 a year could have been half so desirable and honorable in my mind. Thus you will not suffer the disgrace of having served Lincoln's abolition Government for pay when your sense of honor and lifelong principles condemned it as disgraceful. * * * I'd rather this minute accept with joy the most abject misery and poverty than be the favorite Pennsylvania contractor under Cameron and support the war or go to this war with the brightest epaulettes that ever were worn, or support it (the war) in any way. * * * I hope you will not pay Corcoran any money; at least not until you come home and pay your taxes.

On the 14th of August, 1861, he wrote to his father from Dubuque, saying:

The Chicago Tribune that came last night contained the inclosed slip which I send that you may take a salutary hint from Mr. Faulkner's case. * You cannot be too cautious, even hypocritical, if you are anti-Lincoln or anti-abolitionist in order to get your accounts settled and come safely home with your dues.

On the 8th of September he writes these words:

You cannot be too cautious and discreet about your political expressions, at least till after you leave Washington-that is if you are opposed to Lincoln's truculent policy against the South.

On the 25th of September he writes from Cincinnati these words:

You ought to keep whatever money is due you in drafts on New York till you get home and see the condition of affairs there. * * * I understood before I left home that orders had been received to fill up Vandever's regiments immediately, and I suppose that this meant impressment. However, I did not wish to aid in this war even by getting a substitute if I were drafted, so I am here.

On the 10th day of July, 1861, Jones' wife wrote him a letter from Dubuque in which occurs the following passage:

Our beloved country is in a terrible condition and we know not what to say or do. I am sick of this war. It is fairly grinding to me and I wish an end was put to it in some way: anything better than bloodshed; but it seems that such leaders of the Administration as the Blairs are for the war and nothing else. I hope the South will make a desperate effort upon them ere long, and succeed, if they continue the cry of war as they do now.

On the 25th of August she wrote him again from the same place saying:

The Government have given orders to suppress the papers that are against Lincoln's cause and I reckon the Herald will be stopped here. You cannot form an

---------------

*See arrest of CharlesJ. Faulkner, p. 463, et seq.

---------------

