
and thus obtain what he was sent for-the most interior of their designs; that on the starting upon his third trip he was allowed the privilege of taking more bank-note paper but he declined, representing that he had now (then) become so well known to the rebel Government, and the privilege of of carrying letters to and from having been allowed to Ellis (all such letters passing through and being examined at this office) that he did not care about taking bank-note paper, althoug it was well known that he could sell t to the rebels for 100 per cent. more than New York value, and he was allowed to have what he could thus make besides his salary; that it afterward turned out that his object for so declining to carry anything which had my approval was that he had engaged to the rebels to carry for them cases of surgical instrucments and other artixcles which he did carry and without my knowledge and which he could not have obtained permission to arry if it had been known to me.

That on his return trip from Richmond in November he received various sums of money from different persons to bring NOrth to their friends and bankers; that among other sums received he was intrusted by Mr. A. H. Herr, of Harper's Ferry, to bring to Baltimore, and for bringing which he received of Mr. Herr $10, a package containing the very large sum of $19,971; that instead of delivering this large sum as agreed to the bankers of Mr. Herr, Baltimore, Ellis opened the package and took therefrom all which was in a convertible shape, such as coupons, &amp;c., and money, appropriating the same to his private use, retaining the drafts and bills of exchange which were payable to order until he was arrested was ordered and Ellis taken into custody, when upon his person were found the notes, drafts, bills of exchange and money realized from the sale of coupons, &c., equal in amount to the package given by Herr to Ellis at Harper's Ferry - $19,971; that afterward Ellis provided for the payment of several smaller sums which he had retained from other persons whose friends had intrusted Ellis by provided for the payment of several smaller sums which he had retained from other persons who friends had intrusted Ellis by allowing me to sell for him part of the Treasury notes (which he claims in the communication hereto attached was invested in frommotives of patriotism) for the purpose of paying over the money in the several sums thus so long fraudulently withheld; that Mr. Herr stated-which statement was made in writing, and is now on file in this office-that on the occasion of his intrusting Ellis with the package of money at Harper's Ferry Ellis told him that he was going to return back to Richmond where he had beenoffered and had accepted an office or situation of valuable character under the rebel Government; that Herr further stated that Ellis said to himon the same occasion that his friends little knew the part he was playing in this "grand drama; " that Ellis told him that was his fourteenth trip from Washington to Richmond and back; that he (Ellis) had heard of Herr as being a Union man; that he (Ellis) had no doubt of the final success of the South, but after and not without a desperate struggle.

That Ellis was until lately and for some time a resident of New Hartford, N. Y. near Utica, where his mother and sisters reside; that the

