
Rev. H. W. Read, of the Treasury Department, was from New Hartford and has relatives there, among others a brother, James Read, who writes to his brother here under date of January 7 and later dates saying that when Ellis was there (New Hartford) last, after his last return from Richmond, he was boasting how much more he had made out of the rebels than he did out of our Government; that he (Read) thought Ellis was a traitor and spy, and requesting his brother in the Treasury Department to caution the President as Ellis would do anything for money.

That Ellis as I have since learned went to visit our camps on the Virginia side of the Potomac at two different times just before starting to Virginia each time, which act of his was strictly and cnstantly forbidden to any and all of my operatives whose field of action was within the enemy's lines, leaving no doubt upon my mind that Ellis was what he has acknowledged himself to be-a traitor and a spy; that when to his own admission is added the other corroborating testimony there is every reason to believe that Ellis was not only a most barefaced swindler and cheat but that he was really in the employ of the rebel Government, from whom he must by his own showing have received large sumsof money; that during his term of employment by me had he been ever so purdent, which he was not but very extravagant, he already recited he entered my service for the Government in September in debt and without any money, and left it in November or early December-having made large expenditures about his person and something for his friends-whith nearly $4,000 in his pocket besides the fraudulently-kept money, &amp;c., of Mr. Herr, $19,971.

I respectfully submit that Ellis is one of the most dangerous men who could be found, and the interests of the Government sternly demand that he should be held while the rebellion lasts, and that he should be tried for the gross and glaring wrongs and traitorous acts which he has committed and which might have turned the destinies of a mighty nation. That the money except what has been paid out for account of Mr. Ellis by his own orders and the amounts paid to himself, together with the Treasury notes, have been handed over to the superintendent of the Old Capitol Prison, William P. Wood, esq.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, March 27, 1862

E. D. WEBSTER, Secretary of Commission.

SIR: Among the perseons confined in the Old Capitol Prison on suspicion of infidelity to the Government is Mr. F. M. Ellis. He is a townsman of mine, and came here last summer partly on my recommendation to engae in the spy service, for which his friends deemed he had a peculiar fitness. I had known him for two or three years previous. His character for loyalty, integrity and morality I had never heard questioned up to the time of his arrest. He serve some time under the direct orders of General Mansfield with great acceptability and usefulness. He was subsequently under the orders of Major Allen, and made three trips to Richmond with great success. He was desired to go the fourth time, but declined for the reason that he did not deem it safe to do so. He was soon after arrested on the order of the provost-marshal, on what charge neither he nor I ever knew.

