
I saw Mr. Ellis frequently while he was in the spy service, and I never observed anything in his conduct which could justify a suspicion of unfaithfulness to the Government. He showed me his private papers after his last return from Richmond which he had collected together in a scrap-book to preserve as a relic or trophy of his success. This he exhibited freely to his friends. He would hardly have done this if he thought the papers it contained would furnish any evidence of treasonable conduct. That book taken in connection withthe reports he made from time to time to the secret-service department will I think furnish conclusive evidence of his innocence. In his behalf I ask that he may have a speedy examination. He has relatives in NEw Hartford, N. Y., among others a mother-in-law of infirm age, who are dependent on him in a measure ofr support. If he is innocent, as I believe he is, he should have the earliest opportunity to vindicate himself. As you have known me well for many years I need not furnish any references as to my character.

Yours, truly,

R. A. SHERMAN.

[Indorsement.]

I need hardly say that I have the utmost confidence in the judgment of General Sherman. He knows thoroughly the facts which he states.

R. CONKLING.

COMMISSION RELATING TO POLITICAL PRISONERS,

Washington, March 28, 1862

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &amp;c., Washington.

SIR: You may discharge Frank M. Ellis, a prisoner confined in the Old Capitol Military Prison, on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and engaging that he will return to the State of New York and will remain in said State or the New England States and will not leave the same without permission from the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

I, Frank M. Ellis, of New Hartford, N. Y. do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Union and Constitution and the Government of the United States as established by that Constitution against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State conventionor legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God. And that I will return to the State of New York, and will remain in said State or the New England States and will not leave the same without permission from the Secretary of War.

FRANK M. ELLIS.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th day of March, 1862.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT.

