
Case of Michael Thompson and Lewis L. McArthur.

Michael Thompson* was arrested in Washington December 21, 1861, by order of Brigadier-General Porter, provost-marshal, and comitted to the Old Capital Prison. The charges against Thompson were that he was a spy; that he was closely connected with the principal rebel sympahtizers and spies in Washington; that he has been engaged in sending importance informationof a military and naval character to the rebels, and that plans for ciphers evidently concocted by him with reference to a continuance of such treasonable practices were found in his possession. The said Michael Thompson remained in custody at the Old Capital Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

This person [Lewis L. McArthur] was arrested in Washington, D. C., December 21, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with being implicated with one Michael Thompson of Washington in collecting and forwarding information for the benefit of the insurgents. Fourteen letters found on board of the captured schooner Lucretia addressed to persons in the insurrectionary States were proven to be in the handwriting of McArthur and a rebel flag was found concealed in his trunk. The said Lewis Linn McArthur remained in custody in the Old Capital Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

WASHINGTON CITY, D. C. December 21, 1861

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: To-day I was arrested and am now confined in the Old Capitol as a prisoner of stae. Since coming here I have received intelligence that a secession flag was found in my trunk. I deem it prudent to make the following statement in order that the matter may be made to establish their own govenrmet I was at Irving College Manchester, Md. A number of the students requested me to make a flag in order that it might be displayed to the public. I complied with their request, made the flag and hoisted the flag in the campus. The president of the college ordered me to take it down. I obeyed and since that ime since. M. Thompson saw it but once and then he ordered me to destroy it. It was a relic to me and I refused to obey. He doubtless supposed I had destroyed it. I never intended to use the flag for any rebellious purposes. I am, sir, perfectfly willing to make oath to the above statement if need be.

Trusting that your honor may promptly receive and duly weigh this statement, I remain your very humble servant,

LEWIS LINN McARTHUR.

---------------

*In connection with these cases see case of Mrs. Greenhow, p. 561, et seq.

---------------

