
This draft goes no further. In the other draft we are informed that the country is-

"Rent with civil feuds and drenched with fraternal blood," all through the fanaticism of the highest officers of the civil Government. Pride, reverence, patriotism and even policy are all set aside in order that the "liberty of the white man may be swallowed up in that of the negro. "

All of which in plain language means this, that the highest officers of the Government are abolition fanatics; that they will be hurled from their thrones or expelled from office; that the people will not support the war, which will necessitate the demands of the rebels to be complied with. This is the change for which he hopes.

From the preceding facts I infer that McArthur's sympathies and sentiments are without a doubt treasonable and that from the fact that his employer and friend Thompson, who was actively engaged in collecting and forwarding information of the movements of our amies to the rebels had confidence sufficient in McArthur's devotion to the rebel interests to intrust him with the responsible positionof amanuensis or confidential clerk it may be safely affirmed that McArthur had full knowledge of the criminal correspondence and proceedings of M. Thompson, A. Van Camp, G. Donellan, Mrs. R. O'N. Greenhow, Mrs., Phelps, W. T. Smithson (alias Charles R. Cables) and other rebel spies and emissaries, and was privy to and cognizant of their desings, and that to the ful extent of his ability and opportunities he has aided and assisted in their treasonable operations . That his opinions and personal relations are such that he would if permitted undoubtedly continue this treasonable course. I would therefore respectfully recommend that Lewis L. McArthur be kept in close confinement until the termination of the war, or until our armies are so far advanced that he can do no injury to this Government.

I herewith inclose his application to the Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State, which the latter requests to be returned to that Deaprtment accompanied by your report on th which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

[Memorandum.]

General Porter, provost-marshal, advises McArthur be kept in confinement until the close of the war to suppress the rebellion.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., January 24, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: On January 9, 1862, I had the honor to report to you on the case of Michael Thompson, in which I recommended that "as a military necessity Michael Thompson should be kept in close confinement until the conclusion of the war. " Under the date of January 22 the Secretary of State makes the inquiry of you whether since the above report was made any reason had been discovered for modifying the recommendation therein made. So far from any such reason having been discovered additional evidence has been received at this office since the above report was made proving beyond a reasonable doubt that Michael Thompson has been in direct co-operation and complicity

