
with the most notorious and influential traitors and spies. In justice therefore to this Government whose whole energies and resources are taxed to put down this rebellion; in justice to the men composing our Army who have sacrificed all the amenities and comforts of life and at great pecuniary and personal sacrifice has come forward to offer all they have, even life itself, for that which to them is dearer than life; in justice to the people at large who have shrunk from no sacrifice required of themin the faith that means thus furnished would be unsparingly used for the punishment of traitors and consequent suppression of treason, I cannot recommend that such efforts should be neutralized and such sacrifices of millions, made useless by a mistaken clemency to a few proved traitors and spies. I can therefore only reiterate more strongly my previous recommendation that as a military necessity Michaell Thompson be kept in close confinement until the conclusion of the war.

I herewith inclose the application of J. V. Douglass to the Honorable william H. Seward Secretary of State, which the latter requests to be returned to that Department accompanied by your report on the same.

All of which is duly submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

Case of the Crew of the Royal Yacht.

Thomas Chubb was arrested on board the rebel armed schooner Royal Yacht, which was captured by the U. S. frigate Santee in Galvestion Bay, he being one of the crew of that schooner. Having been sent to New York Chubb with his companions who were captured at the same time was by order of the Secretary of State dated December 23, 1861, committed to Fort Lafayette. Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke reported by letter February 4, 1862, to the Secretary of State that "Chubb of the Royal Yacht has been released on his parole of honor by order of the honorable Secretary of the Navy. "

H. N. Duble woard the rebel armed schooner Royal Yacht, which was captured by the U. S. frigate Santee in Galveston Bay November 8, 1861. Having been sent to New York Duble with the crew of the Royal Yacht was committed by order of the Secretary of State dated December 23, 1861, to Fort Lafayette. Duble was charged with disloyalty to the United States Government and with being in active sympathy with the rebels. The said H. N. Duble remained in Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Ira G. Rogers was arrested on board the rebel armed schooner Royal Yacht, which was captured by the U. S. frigate Santee, he being one of the crewof that schooner. Having been sent to New York Roogers with the balance of the crew captured at the same time was by order of the Secretary of State dated December 23, 1861, committed to Fort Lafayette. An order was issued from the Department of State dated February 1, 1862, directing Colonel Burke commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Rogers on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accordingly released February 6, 1862.

83 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

