
may effect your exchange, and to inform you that arrangements have been made for a general exchange of prisoners which precludes the necessity of special action in your case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Cases of Mrs. C. V. Baxley and Septimus Brown.

Mrs. Baxley* was arrested in Baltimore about the 30th of December, 1861, by Deputy Provost-Marshal McPHail and committed to the Greenhow Prison in Washington and from thence conveyed to the Old Capitol. She was charged with being a spy and with having lately been to Richmond, Va., with letters to Jeffereson Davis and others. When arrested concealed upon her person were found numerous letters which she brought from Richmond; also a commission appointing a Doctor Brown, of Baltimore a surgeon in the rebel army. John L. Brown writing from headquarters of General Franklin's division, near Alexandria, Va., January 2, 1862, says of Mrs. Baxley: "This woman is the strongest kind of a secessionist. She made her brags to me some five months ago that she had sent some 200 guns to the Southern army. " In numerous letters addressed by Mrs. Baxley to the Secretary of Stae since her imprisonment she admits having carried the letters above referred to Jefferson Davis, and refers to the communiation with General Winder, mr. Benjamin andother leading rebel authorities and admits having procured the commission for Doctor Brown by personal application, and as a consideration or reward for the safe conveyance of letters, &amp;c., to the chief of the rebel Government. The said Mrs. C. V. Baxley remained in custody at the Old Capitol in Washington February 15, 1862, when she was transferred to the charge of the War Department. - From Recor Book, State Department,"Arrests for Disloyalty. "
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 29, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MORRIS, Commanding Fort McHenry.

COLONEL: Please receive and retain in custody as a prisoner Dr. Septimus Brown.

By order of Major-General Dix:

WM. H. LUDLOW,Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 30, 1861

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: In the temporary absence of Major-General Dix I have the honor to inclose a copy of letter to Brigadier-General Porter sent with the prisoner, Mrs. Baxley this afternoon. Among othe rpaperes found on the person of Mrs. Baxley and which have been sent to General Porter is a commission as surgeon in the rebel army for Dr. Septimus Brown, of this city. The journal kept by Mrs. Baxley and which is also among the papers sent to General Porter is in the form of a daily

---------------

*In connection with this case see case of Mrs. Greenhow, p. 561, et seq.

---------------

