
letter to this Septimus Brown and would clearly indicate the obtaining of this commission as the great object of her journey to Richmond. Doctor Brown* has been arrested and is now in the custody of Colonel Morris at Fort McHenry.

What is the pleasure of the major-general commanding the Army in reference to him? There is no evidence that he sought the comission. He does not seemingly come within the action of the circular order of the Headquarters of the Army of December 16 as he has neither come nor been brought into our lines from Virginia.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 30, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: In compliance with special instructions this day received from the Headquarters of the Army I send to you as a prisoner to be held in your custody Mrs. Catherine V. Baxley. The papers foun on her person and all the circumstances connected with her arrest will be given to you by the provost-marshal of Baltimore, by whom she was arrested.

By command of Major-General Dix:

WM. H. LUDLOW,Major and Aide-de-Camp.

GOVERNMENT PRISON, Washington, January 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR; Simply to gratify what I considered a pardonable curiosity - the desire to see Jeff. Davis- I undertook the now difficult and dangerous trip to Virginia by what I am told you are pleased to erm the "underground railway. " I carried with me nothing in the world but a few friendly letters packed it is true in my bonnet. I was not trusted with state papers. I am not fitted to be, being very nervous, impulsive and frank; in other words I never calculate.

I reached Richmond after numerous difficulties and delays on the thirteenth day of my departure from Baltimore City - sick, weary and most heartily wishing myself at home. I was of course introduced to the President and foolishly asked of him the favor of an appointment to a surgeoncy in the Confederate Army for a friend in Baltimore who was quite innocent of the honor intended him. The President strage to say granted the favor asked, and I very unwisely though urged by friends not to do so left for Baltimore with the commission hidden on my person. I brought with me a large number of letters but the commission was the only one I believe that you would term of treasonable import.

I have given you I believe a fair exposition of my quixotic expedition. But it is not so much for myself I would plead but for Dr. Septimus Brown, the gentleman I have gotten into trouble. He had nothing to do with the matter. Why make him responsible for my folly?

---------------

*No papers relating to this prisoner have been found except those appearing in this case and the recommendation for his continued detention in Dix to Stanton, February 20, 1862, Vol. I, this series, p. 738. See order for his discharge April 8, 1862, p. 1321.

---------------

