
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N. Y., November 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The desire to furnish information that may possibly be of service to my Government will serve as an apology for my addressing you directly. I would refer to the acquaintance which I had the honor of having with you when residing in Albany simply to secure a favorable consideration of the subject of this letter. I have just been informed by a gentleman of high respectability that the traitor Beauregard has anephew in Montreal with whom he maintains a constant semi-weekly correspondence through the mail under cover to the president of the Bank of Montreal. The Government may be in possession of the information already, but if not it seems to me to deserve their attention. There can be no doubt that the rebels gains very accurate information of the intentions of our Government, and this may be one of the methods by which it is obtained. It also seems to me probable that British officials in Virginia are used as the channels through which the correspondence is forwarded northward. There are a large number of secessionists at once of the principal hotels in Montreal who are doubtless engaged in some way in furnishing important information to their friends at the South.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN NEWLAND.

[First indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, November 12, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the U. S. consul-general at Montreal with the request that he will return when he no longer has used for it.

[Second indorsement.]

The fact that Beauregard had a nephew here was known to me at the time and reported to the Department. But he stayed here less than a week and had no letters through the president of the Montreal bank except one of an ordinary business transaction.

J. R. G[IDDINGS.]

OFFICE OF U. S. ATTORNEY,

Philadelphia, November 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAMH. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The case of one Samuel Eakins, recently discharged from Fort Lafayette, was presented to me to-day in a form somewhat embarrassing. On the 24th of August last Eakins was arrested upon a warrant issued by the U. S. commissioner (Heazlit) and a hearing had in his case before the commissioner. Pending the examination he was committed by the executive to Fort Lafayette, where he has remained till a day or two ago. This morning he presented himself to the marshall for this district and requested that officer to deliver to him certain property, including a watch and some gold coin, that was found in his possession at the time of his arrest. He stated that he intended to leave immediately for Washington for the purpose of learning whether the Government desired to employ him in any of its workshops. The commissioned informed him that he was in the custody of the marshal inasmuch as the original complaint had not been disposed of, to which Mr. Eakins replied that he was unconditionally discharged by the Gov-

