
boys who had just been brought in and find as I supposed it (the evacuation) a strategic afair on the part of our Army. The boys looked pretty rought and rusty-a little depressed at their capture but in god health; say we are not whipped and not going to be.

i do not see why they keep you incarcerated; you have done nothing. I am the mischievous rebel that has done all the mischief. They ascribe to me a marvelous power and capacity of mischief. I'll be even with them yet. Why do you not make use of the means in your power to get out and try to reach Dixie? They way is open. True there is risk, but "nothing risked nothing won. " See Doctor Thomas, who would introduce you to the President and Secretary Benjamin; or the better one to see would be Doctor Bealle.

I did write to Seward and since to Stanton, but 'tis useless; they've go too much against me. The commission is not all. Mrs. Rose Greenhow and myself were the first females brought to this old Union rat trap, but our number is gradually increasing. The first accession was Mrs. Morris, still with us; the next a Mrs. J. Barton, alias Mrs. McCarter; [she] still sports her male attire-can't help herself. Thena party were brought here who were released in two or three days. Then Mrs. Morris, of Baltimore who is likely to remain with us; then two young laides captured at Dranesville or thereabout who said they were sorry, promised amendment, took the oath and God speed them. I am always glad when we get rid of a craven. colonel Thompson is out at last. Schley will get out this evening. We have quite a sprinkling of Marylanders here and some from Baltimore City. Strange to say every lady now under arrest and withbut thee or four exceptions have been Marylanders.

Your situation is far preferable to mine. You are in Baltimore near your friends where your wants and comforts can be ministered to by friends. Whilst my condition is pitiable in the extreme I almost wish that death would come to my relief; but these devils shall not have the pleasure to know how much I feel. I tax every power and everynerve to bear up, but 'tis indeed a terrible tax. The indignities we are continually subjected to is a disgrace to people calling themselves civilized to permit. But I will not repine; every dog has his day. Our turn will come anon. I'll stick to the old Merrimac while there's a plank to her deck, and when she goes to pieces or sinks I'll go with her. I saw her and examined her thoroughly and flet sure she would be able to weather the gale.

Good night, for as usual I have an intolerable headache.

C. V. B. [AXLEY.]

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH, &amp;C., Washington.

GENERAL: If they consent you will please convey * * * Mrs. C. V. Baxley prisoners at present held in the Old Capital Military Prison in this city, beyond the lines of the U. S. forces into the State of Virginia and release them upon their giving their written parole of honor that they will not return north of the Potomac River during the present hostilities without permission of the Secretary of War.

Very res,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

