HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1862.

We, the undersigned, late prisoner in the Old Capitol at Washington

do pledge our word of honor that in consideration of our being set at liberty beyond the lines of the U. S. Army we will not return north of the Potomac River during the present hostilities without the permission of the Secretary of War of the United States.

C. V. BAXLEY.

NOTE. - Mrs. Rose O'N. Greenhow and Mrs. Augusta Morris also signed this parole and were sent South with Mrs. Baxley.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,New York, April 8, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MORRIS, Commanding Fort McHenry.

COLONEL: You will discharge from custody the following state prisoner on the conditions herein specified, viz: * * * Dr. Septimus Brown on his parole of honor to render no aid or comfort to enemies in hostility to the United States and to hold no correspondence with any person in the insurgent States except in portions of said States occupied by the U. S. forces. * * *

We are, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX.,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

Case of William M. Hill.

William M. Hill was arrested January 8, 1862, by the U. S. marshal of Iowa at the city of Des Moines on an order of the Secretary of State dated December 28, 1861, and was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. The charges against Hill were disloyalty to the United States Government and treasonable correspondence with the rebels. The following extracts are taken from a letter written by Hill for publication in the south. * After writing the above letter and during the summer of 1861 Hill made a visit to Virginia, by some means having obtained permission to pass the Confederate lines, and was absent several weeks. The said William M. Hill remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DES MOINES, IOWA, December 17, 1861

DEAR KASSON: Since writing you the other day I have positive information that the counsel for the defendant furnished to the clerk the names which he place din the box from which the jury which is to try Hill was drawn. The most notorious and rabid secessionists in the State are on the jury, and his conviction on any state of facts is absolutely impossible.

I have talked with Sells and others who concur in the opinion which I have heretofore expressed to you, to wit, that the indictment should

---------------

*Omitted here. See p. 1323 for this letter.

---------------

