
the district court. Last summer he concluded to visit his old home in Virginia; by some means obtained permission to pass the Confederate lines and was absent from this State several weeks.

During his absecne a letter came to his address from the Dead-Letter Office in Washington which upon examination proved to have been one which he had written to the Union Democrat, a secession paper in Monroe County, Va. It had been stopped by some U. S. officer and sent to the Dead-Letter Office, where falling into the hands of some traitorous employe, it was remailed to Hill. Instead of reaching the hands of its author, however, it was in his absence opened by his deputy J. L. Deforest, a loyal Union man, its contents made known to others and finally published at length in the Magnolia Republican. Subsequently a private letter written by Mr. Hill found its way to the Dead-Letter Office in Washington, and falling into proper custody there it was sent to the U. S. officers of this State for their consideration.

These and other matters were put into tangible shape, the warrant issued and the arrest made as we have above stated, and on Monday found by the grand jury against Mr. Hill for treason and his trial assigned for the 7th of January next, at a special term of the U. S. district court to be held in this city. He has retained as his counsel Messrs. C. C. Cole and S. V. White. The prosecution will be conducted by W. H. F. Gurley, U. S. district attorney.

The following is a copy of the letter sent by Hill to Virginia, and returned to Magnolia:

CLERK'S OFFICE, Magnolia, Iowa, May 14, 1861.

EDITOR UNION DEMOCRAT, Union, Monroe County, Va.:

Some good friend from my far-off paternal home sends me your paper. Whoever caused my name to be placed upon your book cannot be a subsmissionist, else the patriotic and Southern Rights sentiments breathed through your editorials would be suppressed. Continue to forward your papers to my address, and when I am informed of the amount due on subscription the same will be sent you. The Democrat is a welcome visitor. First among the exchanges and correspondents it is opened and read because it hails from the land that is dear to me, hallowed by the recollection of youthful days, passed amid the mountain sceneries that overlook your beautiful town; the thoughts of aged parents, relatives and friends in the Southern clime, with whom I journeyed as youthful days pleasantly fleeted away. All, all makes the tidings from my paternal home eagerly sought after and intersting.

Truly, Mr. Editor, these are exciting times. The old ship of state that has carried us safely through storms and perils is drifting rapidly towrad the breakers. Yea, she has struck and must go to pieces never again to be reconstructed.

Who has brought this dire calamity upon us? Not the conservation men of the South, nor the conservative voters of the North. The demons in the shape of Black Republicans and Abolition rulers have so misled the excitable masses of the North by such doctrines as set out in Uncle Tom's Cabin and such as taught by Beecher, Greeley, &amp;c., that the fanatics believe they are dong God's service to wage a war of extermination against the Southern slave-hlders. Yes, Mr. Editor, the black-hearted fanatics have caused the dark clouds of war to hand over us, and this once peaceful and happy Unoin to be deluged with the blood of relatives and friends, and the Union destroyed.

Conservative citizens in this portion of the West justify the course the South is taking and condemn this Black Republican Administration for waging this unholy and unjust war upon the South. All over the Northwestern States are thousands and tens of thousndas of Union-loving Democrats who say amen and God speed you in your noble work in driving back the hordes of unpricipled Abolitionists who bide the calling of a sectional Administration to plunder the citizens of the South. Never let them pollute your sacred soil.

In the opinion of a majority of the citizens of the Northern States, and perhaps of a majority of this town and my adopted county, the foregoing are entire secession sentiments. I know I am pronounced a traitor by the negro worshiperse, but my opinion is given now as has been given since I have resided in the State. I have

