
fought the Abolitionists through each canvass with pen and tongue, and shall continue on though my office and press are threatened by the friends of the renowned John Browwn.

I am not alone with regard to the views expressed concerning our national difficulties. The conservative Democracy are with me. I give your readers an idea of the views of the conservative Democrats of the Northwest. I clip from The Council Bluffs Bugle, a leading Democratic paper, which I make a part of this communication. I indorse it, as every conservative man North will. (Here follows an extract from the Bugle.)

* * * * *

I clip another editorial from the New York News, which represents the faithful of the State who have ever faithfully battled against negro equality and for the rights of the Southern States. (Here please state that in this communication follows a printed extract from The New York News.)

* * * * *

I find words local and bid your readers farewell. Not a company nor a volunteer will leave Western Iowa to obey the call of Lincoln to battle with the Southern troops. The Government has called the troops stationed at Fort Randall and Fort Kearny and leaves our frontier exposed to the invasion of the hostile Indians. Volunteer companies are being formed for home protection. The Government stopped the transportation of all provisions down the Missouri River. This act is arousing the masses against the Government and making friends for the cause of the South.

A thousand cheers for the Monroe volunteers! In their ranks I see the names of a brother and relatives. May they cover themselves with glory in this struggle and be an ornament to the Sttae and the Southern Confederacy.

I have spun out this communication too long and perhaps it should go, if at all, on the outside of the Democrat.

WM. M. HILL.

Mr. Windell, if you think the foregoing would interest your readers, give it a place in your paper, after correcting bad spelling, &amp;c. If desired I may correspond occassionally.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DES MOINES, December 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington City.

SIR: Mr. Hoxie, U. S. marshal for this State, informs me he has written you in regard to one Hill indicted for treason in U. S. district court of the State and whose case is set for trial at a special term of said court to be holden at this place on the 7th day of next month.

I have information on which I rely that a large number of the jurors selected by the deputy clerk for the trial of said cause are in sympathy weith the rebels. I have personal knowledge that such is [the] fact as to one or two of them. Under these circumstances a conviction is at least doubtful and I should regard a failure to convict as a misfortune. An acquittal would embolden men who are silent only from fear to speak out against the Government.

I state what I believe to be facts, and would suggest if within the rule upon which you have heretofore acted that HIll be removed from the State by your order and imprisoned elsewhere under military authority. The evidences of his guilt will as I hear from Marshal Hoxie be sent to you by him. Permit me also to suggest the necessity for some change in the law for the selection of jurors and the empaneling of juries. I am of opinion that the sympathies and from these causes our courts instead of being as they should be, a support to the Government and a terror to traitors, are made points of attack against the one and a shield to the other.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

