
sands wh know me and my loyalty. I can obtain the prayer of Judge Love, U. S. judge of IOwa; Mr. Gurley, U. S. attorney, and H. M. Hoxie, U. S. marshal, who are acquainted with all the evidence against me and who will plead that I have already been punished enough for my imprudence in writing the letter referred to.

I have ever been a loyal citizen. Nothing in this world could have induced me to take up arms against my Government or give aid and comfort to the enemy. All I possess in this world is in my adopted State. I have no interest nor affinity in the South. I can obtain the prayers of nearly all the jury summoned in my case; also every Government witness petitioning that my design was not to injure the Government and thousands of citizens who know my loyalty. The State Flag, a newspaper I published during the last campaign, I can produce as other evidence that I have charged and blamed the ultras of the South with being the instigators of all our troubles.

With these facts stated by the high judicial authorities of Iowa and all others I have named may I not fondly hope to soon meet my family again (to whom I am fondly attached, and who are now among strangers without parental care)? If my loylaty is questioned I will readily take a solemn obligation to do and perform every act the Government may make incumbent upon mein this or any other crisis. Could I be released on parole? If so I can obtain an exhange to amply satisfy my Government and to this end I will give such security as may be required.

I desire remaining at this place the length of time I am confined rather than at Fort Warren. I await an answer with much suspense.

Humbly, your servant,

WILLIAM M. HILL.

DES MOINES, January 27, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I inclose herewith a card clipped from the columns of the Iowa State Register, which was rendered proper by the attacks of certain disloyal nespapers.

Hill is the leader of a class of our citizens who reside near the border of the State of Missouri that are detrimental to the Union cause.

Since returning a civil action has been commenced against me to recover $1,000 forfeiture under the provisions of the Iowa habeas corpus act for disregarding a writ which was served upon me while on my way to Fort Lafayette. Steps are being taken by C. C. Cole, one of Hill's attorneys, who is a sympahtizer with the leaders of the rebellion to procure the release of Hill. I respectfully suggest the propriety of consulting His Excellency Governor Kirkwood and the State officers of this State before issuing any order for the release of said William M. Hill.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. HOXIE,

U. S. Marshal, District of Iowa.

[Inclosure.]

CARD FROM MARSHAL HOXIE TO THE PUBLIC.

The numerous false statements which have been put in circulation by a disloyal press concerning my conduct in the arrest and transfer of William M. Hill to Fort Lafayette render a brief recital of the facts at least proper.

