
ernment. I instructed the commissioner to allow Eakins to enter his own recognizance to appear upon the 24th of the present month to answer the charge upon which he had been originally arrested - the charge of treason - and said to him that the marshal would retain the property (in value about $1,500 as security.

I am unable to consut with the district attorney in the matter, but I learn that Mr. Coffey had concluded before his illness that the case was not one for prosecution. I desire, however, to know whether the Department have any instructions to give the district attorney in relation to the case or have any wish in reference to it. If the Government does not desire the prosecution now pending to proceed further I presume that the money belonging to Mr. Eakins may be delivered to him.

I have the honor to be, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HUBLEY ASHTON,

Assistant U. S. Attorney.

[Indorsement.]

If it is not a case in which the evidence will warrant a strong expectation of success discharge him.

W. H. SEWARD.

[NOVEMBER 9, 1861.]

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Some time since I sent by the United States Express a package containing a pamphlet and paper written and published by Merritt Munson, of this State, to the State Department for instructions. I have heard nothing from it, and therefore call the attention of the Department to it.

On the 29th instant I learned that one Doctor Hopper, of Knoxville, Tenn., left this city in company with two ladies and a Doctor Letcher. His destination was Canada. He went there for the purpose of purchasing quinine and morphine, and is expected to return at once. I telegraphed to Mr. Barse, at Detroit, and arranged with a gentleman at Michigan City, the junction of the Michigan Central and New Albany and Salem roads, and another at the Lake Station, the junction of the Central and "Cut Off" Railroads, to watch for them. Doctor Hopper is described thus; Tall, aristocratis appearance; light hair, smooth face, large blue eyes, about forty; wears dark business coat, drab vest and pants and slouch hat. His wife has dark complexion, back eyes and hair; full medium height. The other lady small, light hair, bluce and plumb. Their errand was communicated in Tennessee to a person who was in their confidence. The ladies both had leather traveling bags; no other baggage; will probably return with trunks. Doctor Letcher has gone to Washington. A description of him can be obtained from W. T. Dennis, a special agent of the Treasury Department. He should be arrested, and the arrest kept from the public until the others have been apprehended.

Mr. Barse informs me of the arrest of Shaver,* an agent of the Grand Trunk Railway. I had known of his movements and expected to arrest him in Indian. I am afraid the arrest was premature. If the department wishes any more evidence in his case I can furnish it.

---------------

* See p. 982 for case of Shaver.

---------------

