
false statements concerning my conduct in connection with your arrest, and you attorney claiming to act under your instructions has instituted one civil suit against me and proposes to try his hand at another. a criminal prosecution was even attempted and failed. To ask any interference on my part under these circumstances is exacting too much of human nature and I shall therfore decline to interfere in your case.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

H. M. HOXIE.

U. S. Marshal, District of Iowa.

WASHINGTON CITY, February 16, 1862.

[WILLIAM M. HILL.]

DEAR SIR: I have this morning received yours* of the 12th instant, addressed to the entire delegation in Congress. I will lay it before them to-morrow morning and advise you of their action. I have no doubt, however, but you will be released very soon under the recent order of the President. I may say for myself that I have seen and conversed with the U. S. attorney for Iowa on the subject of your arrest and confinement, and will say frankly that his statements agree substantially with your narrative.

I have no doubt but General Jones+ will also soon be released. SHould you have the opportunity say to him that I have conversed with Mr. Seward in relation to his case very recently. I send by this mail some Iowa papers for you and him.

Yours, &c.,

JAS. HARLAN,

[U. S. Senator.]

DES MOINES, February 16, 1862

W. M. HILL, Esq.

DEAR SIR: A letter has been received by the governor addressed to him and other State officers, myself included, asking a recommendation from us for your release. While I might under ordinary circumstances be in favor of granting your request, it is proper for me to say that your legal adviser in this city having commenced proceedings in court to recover damages from the U. S. marshal of this State for doing his duty in arresting and conveying you to Fort Lafayette you can hardly expect any interference from us in your behalf while that prosecution is pending.

Very respectfully,

F. W. PALMER.

DES MOINES, IOWA, February 20, 1862

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Has the President ever made a formal order suspending the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus? If he has will you be kind enough to cause a copy to be sent me. I make the application as the attorney of H. M. Hoxie, U. S. marshal, against whom an action is now pending to recover the forfeiture provided by statute for disregarding a writ of habeas corpus. The action was brought by William M. Hill, who was recently by your order consigned to Fort Lafayette.

Very respectfully,

THO. F. WITHROW.

---------------

*Not found.

+See case of George W. Jones, p. 1295.

---------------

