
have also to inform you that by an order which was issued from this Department on the 9th day of August, 1861, the State of Iowa was included within the Department of the Missouri.

I am, sir, &amp;c.

E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT Washington, March 3, 1862.

H. M. HOXIE, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Des Moines, Iowa:

What are the names of the attorneys who have commenced proceedings against you for refusing to obey a writ of habeas corpus? Answer by telegraph.

E. D. WEBSTER

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., March 3, 1862.

General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

DEAR SIR: Unless I can get a parole for a few days I will not be able to offfer my evidence explaining the circumstances under which I wrote a letter inwhich there is seeming aid and comfort to the rebellion. At that time I was aiming only to get my family through the lines of Wise and Floyd to their home. I had no thought of committing the act of treason against my Government. No one thought then the rebellion would assume such magnitude. The letter was returned to my address and pilfered from the post-office by an enemy, published in a paper that has ever aimed to traduce my humble name and character. I have read the copy. It is not all my production. I can get evidence of this at my home. I wrote my wife in Virginia advising her how to pass the armies. This was directed to some postmaster to forwrad to her. In that letter to the postmaster I may have flattered his views for the same designs.

Nearly every citizen of Iowa who is acquainted with my case would petition for my release. Thousands of devoted Union men have expressed their astoniment to me of the course pursued in my case. If you cannot consistently release me I ask to be remanded to my district? I will give good bond and go before a grand jury and ask that charged. I send you a copy of the order* of my release before I was arrested by the marshal; also some comments of newspapers showing pursued by some of the nespapers of my State. They censure some of the Government officers. I wish it had been otherwise. It has been no advantage to me; butit is no fault of mine.

I hope, general, you will excuse my earnest and anxious demeanor. I have no one to present my case. While I fear the same persons who have formerly misrepresented me may do so again, all I ask is the evidence from the capital of Iowa (Des Moines) and from Magnolia, my home. My importance is not to be compared to Mr. Brounlen. While he is a public man of ability, I am an humble, quiet citizen. Yet he received his liberties aftert he civil action was dismissed against him. Honorable F. W. Palmer and the marshal are against my release because of the suits pending against the marshal. The marshal procured my arrest. You can see his designs.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

WM. M. HILL.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

