
Although at the beginning of the rebellion Mr. Hill's sympathies may have been with the enemies of the Government we do not believe he has been guilty of any act of treason, and from the best information we have now before use we believe him to be in sympathy with the Government and that he has been sufficiently punished for any improper acts of which we have any knowledge.

Your obedient servants,

JAS HARLAN.

JAMES W. GRIMES.

SAINT LOUIS, March 15, 1862

H. M. HOXIE, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Des Moines.

SIR: I had authority to declare martial law in Iowa but have never exercised it. I have made and send herewith an order in relation to Hill in order to protect you so far as I can. I must have immediately a full report of the facts of the case in order to justify me in this proceeding. Unless this is given and it is satisfactorily stated that it is necessary for public good to exercise this power the order will be revoked.

I am inclined to think from your letter to Secretary Seward* that this difficulty has grown out of some newspaper quarrel. If so I shall have nothing further to do with it. I permit the newspapers to abuse me to their hearts' content and I advise you to do the same. It is, however, a very difficulty matter where they assist and encourage the enemies of our Government in this unholy rebellion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, March 15, 1862.

H. M. HOXIE, Esq.

U. S. Marshal, District of Iowa, Des Moines:

By virtue of authority conferred on me by the President of the United States I direct that you do not release William M. Hill without the proper orders from these headquarters, the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus being suspended in regard to said Hill. You are authorized to disregard the writ or process of any civil court which may have been or may be issued for the release or production before the court of the body of the prisoner.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., March 17, 1862.

General JOHN A. DIX,

Honorable Judge PIERREPONT,

Commissaries, Washington City.

GENTLEMEN: I have aimed to forward to you the evidence of my trial and acquittal in my State and district of the accusation of treason, the same charge under which I am held here as a political prisoner. I am hopeful that this evidence with evidence in my behalf is before you.

I will reiterate though that I am only accused of writing a sympathizing letter to friends in Virginia long before the rebellion assumed

---------------

*Probably refers to copy of Hoxie to Seward, January 27, ante.

---------------

