
prompted me again to refer to other evidence in case you have not received my letters or that they are not sufficient for my discharge.

At my former trial for the crime and offense of writing the unfortunate letter I had evidence to prove that the person who abstracted the letter from the post-office - the editor who published it -had materially altered the wroding of it. (They are revengeful enemies). When I was discharged by the U. S. court fro further prosecution by the entering of a nolle the jurors and Government witnesses signed an entry to the effect that my prosecution was unwise, unnecessary and calculated not to result in any good in the cause of the Government.

This resolve by those who know me well, the circumstances under which this letter was written, and my loyalty, together with the record of my acquittal and discharge, I have written to the clerk of the U. S. court at Des Moines, Iowa, to send you. If youhave not received them reference is made to Mr. Gurley, U. S. attorney of Iowa, who is now in Washington. Senators Harlan and Grimes, of Iowa, have been made acquainted with my case. I hope it may be convenient for you to refer to them.

It seems some one has done me to injustice to accuse me of aiding, comforting and even accuse me of acting as a spy to the rebels. I haen to written at all or communicated with any one South For eighteen months except the letter desinged to aid me in meeting my family. I reside too in a loyal State where all my interest is centered, a thousand miles from a rebellious district. My loyalty is not doubted by any citizen of my State who knows me; nor would my impurdence ever been noticed or my little property sacrificed or I been for many months incarcerated had not personal enemies promoted it all magnified my offense.

I wish I could inform you how much the marshal of Iowa is censured by the citizens of the State for his malicious persecution. He first commenced my troubles and it is said to get his per diem and mileage from the Government. He has been sued for his violation of right in my prosecution and I know he and his friends are doing all they can to misrepresent me. I will not again give my excuses and apologies for writing at the time I did. My motives I have stated, and whatever wrong I have done I surely have received my just punishment al anxious wish to be sent to my district where I will urge a trial in case I am not readily released. I wish I could be informed who made the charges against me and upon what grounds.

I am, gentlemen, your humble servant,

WM. M. HILL

WASHINGTON, March 24, 1862.

WILLIAM M. HILL, Esq. Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

DEAR SIR: The Iowa delegation in Congress have this day united in requesting your discharge from confinement. I have no doubt our request will be complied with.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES W. GRIMES.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS.

New York, April 8, 1862

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington

SIR: We have the honor to inform you that we have had under consideration the case of William M. Hill, of Iowa, and respectfully rec-

