
ommend that he be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United State, stipulating that he will do no act hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States, and that he will release all claims against the U. S. marshal for the district of Iowa growing in any manner out of his arrest and confinement and particularly in disregarding the writ of habeas corpus.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT.

Commissioners.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., April 10, 1862.

General JOHN A. DIX.

Honorable EDWARDS PIERREPONT.

Commissioners.

GENTLEMEN: Deputy U. S. marshal informs me that you had requested himto say to me that you had agreed upon my release and that I would receive my discharge in a few days. I am not informed upon what conditions. I would rather have been ssent to my State and district for trial, but will accept your conditions, as I anticipate them reasonable from the questions propunded while I was before you. I have a friend in the city from Iowa who is waiting to advance me some means and accompany me home. It would be of great convenience and pleasure to know the time I may expect my discharge, and if it is necessary for you to await further instructions from Washington. May I hope for an answer.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. HILL.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., April 14, 1862.

Honorable JAMES W. GRIMES, U. S. Senate.

DEAR FRIEND; I am under rmany obligations to you and Senator Harlan for the sympathy you have manifested for me, and for your kindness and efforts in releasing me from my unhappy confinement. Though I have troubled you much I will ask another favor of you.

Messrs. Dix and Pierrepont have recommend my release on the conditions that I dismiss suits commenced in Iowa against Mr. Hoxie, the marshal, and by taking the oath of allegiance. This I am willing to do. I informed you that Mr. Cole, who had formerly acted as my attorney, had no authority or knowledge. I have not consulted with him, nor has he ever informed me of the bringing of these suits. I think Mr. Hoxie has done me great injustice but I never thought of suing him, as I know litigation with a Government officer would only redound to my disadvantage. But to my request. I respectfully ask that you would personally refer to the War Department and see that the papers for my release are made out and sent on. Undeusiness the recommendation and application of the Commissioners may remain in the office days and weeks without being sent on.

I cannot be misinformed of the decision of the commissioners. It comes through Mr. Webster, the Secretary; also through U. S. marshal. I cannot think the Government will refuse to discharge me under these circumstances. If there is any refusal or any cause, will you please

