
inform me what can be the reason. You can reiterate the opinion of Mr. Gurley, U. S. attorney who knows all about my case- my innocence of the charge against me. You can refer to my trial and acquittal, to my loyalty the great distance I reside from the South, and that all my wrong consists in writing a sympathizing letter to my friends in Virginia designed to get my family home through the armies. The letter of the Iowa delegation* for my release to the President can also be transferred to Mr. Stanton. I hope I may hera from you by return mail. I hope to be situated so I can repay you for your kindness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. HILL.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 26, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

Honorable EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

GENTLEMEN: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge your letter of the 9th [8th] instant * * * recommending that William M. HIll be released on taking the oath of allegiance and stiuplating to release all suits and claims against the U. S. marshal, H. M. Hoxie growing out of the execution of any orders in connectin with his arrest. He approves your findings as above stated and directs that you carry into effect the decision in respect to William M. Hill upon the terms and conditions proposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON.

Assistant Secretary of War.

APRIL 28, 1862

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshall, New York.

SIR: You will please bring before the commission to-morrow (Tuesday, April 29), at 11 a. m. the following-named prisoners confined at Fort Lafayette, viz, * * * William [M.] Hill.

By order of the commission.

E. D. WEBSTER

Secretary.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS.

New York, April 29, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette.

COLONEL: Mr. Hill having taken the oath of allegiance and engaged to relinquish all claims against the U. S. marshal for the district of Iowa growing in any mmaner out of his arrest and confinement you will please release him.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

---------------

*Does not appear in the case.

---------------

