
Yesterday I received from Governor Morton, of Indiana, a letter* a copy of which I inclose. I will go to Bloomington to-night and make some temporary arrangement until the Department instructs me what course to take in the matter. The suggestions in the letter seem to be judicious.

Some weeks since I learned that a consignment of saltpeter had been landed from a Goderich (Canadian) propeller with no other mark than a diamond B and without a bill of landing. The seizure of contraband was not included in my duties, but I took the liberty of locking it up. No one has claimed it and it is now in the hands of the surveyor of the prot. There are twenty-two packages.

A few days afterward I received a dispatch from a special agent of the Treasury Department asking me to look out for a consignment of tobacco, three-fourths of which was the property of rebels. The tobacco (2,400 cases) was found in the hands of the Michigan Central Railroad and taken charge of until the arrival of the agent of the Treasury Department, when it was delivered to the surveyor of the port. I drew upon the Department for my salary for two months and a small bill of expenses paid by me.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. MILLER.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 11, 1861.

The President of the United States directs that the writ of habeas corpus be suspended so far as it relates to officers and soldiers in the military or naval service of the United states, or marshals and their deputies within the State of New York.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

Approved.

A. LINCOLN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 11, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus.

SIR: I have examined the papers relative to the case of the Messrs. Crumbaugh and am of the impression that although these persons might not if released pursuant to your recommendation engage in the military service of the insurgents there is nothing to show that they would not seek civil employment under them. If therefore you will sound them as to their disposition to enter into an engagement not to accept employment of any kind in that quarter or to do any hostile act against the United States, and should find such disposition to exist, the expediency of their discharge will again be taken into consideration.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BALTIMORE, November 11, 1861.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: You will proceed with the forces under your command into the counties of Accomac and Northampton, Va., and carry out

---------------

* Not inclosed.

---------------

