HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C. January 7, 1862,

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: In the case of Samuel Hunter, a prisoner confined in the Old Capitol Building I have the honor to report as follows;

Said Hunter was sent here from General Banks' division on the 25th of December ultimo, having come into our lines from Virginia near Sandy Hook, Md. On examination at this office he stated that he was a native of Ireland; that he emigrated to this country about elevenyears ago; that he had resided in Baltimore, Md., ever since he arrived in this country; that he was now twenty-one years of age; that he did not know whether nhe was a citizen of the United States or not; that he had never been naturalized and did not know whether his father ever had been or not; that he had been in the employ of Messrs. Hopkins, Hull &amp; Atkinson, dry goods merchantes, 258 Baltimore street Baltimore Md., for the last six years as clerk, that of the last year he had been engaged in collecting bills for goods sold by the above-mentioned firm; that on the 31st of August last he was requested by his employers to go?south on a collecting tour; that he accordingly went as requested; that he took no letters or communication of any kind with him except his own simple accounts; that he went by the way of the Eastern Shore of Virginia, and had no difficulty in getting along, having stated who he was, what his business was, &c., that having made a tour of considerable extent in the South he started from Richmond on the 19th of December to return to Baltimore; that he went by the railroad to Strasburg via Manassas Junction thence to Winchester in an omnibus, thence to Charlestown by railroad, and thence to Harper's Ferry by private conveyance, where he arrived on the morning of the 24th of December; that he engaged a man there who raised a white flag and put him across the river into Maryland; that on landing on the Maryland shore he was taken into custody by the Union pickets and conducted to the headquarters of Major Tyndale, where he was searched and then sent to the headquarters of General Banks at Frederick, whence he was sent under gaurd to this city. Among the papers found upon the person and in the baggage of Hunter were the following:

BALTIMORE, April 30, 1861.

TO OUR CUSTOMERS AND FRIENDS IN EAST TENNESSEE, VIRGINIA AND ALABAMA:

The bearer of this, Mr. Samuel Hunter, is hereby authorized by us to attend to the settlement of our business in the above-mentioned States and to receipt for any money paid for our account, and his receipt will be good against us for the same.

HOPKINS, HULL & ATKINSON.

WYTHEWILLVE, VA., September 23, 1861.

Messrs. MEREDITH, SPENCER & CO., Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIRS: You will do me a great favor by inquring of the attorney-general or some other competent person whether there is a law or proclamation in Virginia or in the Confederate States prohibiting the payment of debts to Baltimore houses who are knwon to be loyal to the Confederate States. I have met with considerable objection on this account. Some of our best customers have an idea that it is a penal offense and have refused to pay the money on that account although they were anxious to do so. If there is no law or proclamation to the above effect if you can get the attorney-general or other competenet person to give you a few lines to that effect and inclose it to me it will promote my business very much. Our friendsd are all willig to pay their Baltimore debts but have doubts on the above subject. Please wrte me as soon as possible to care of Keebler & Pepper, Bristol, Va., what the attorney [general] says about it; and if you can get me a few lines from him please do so. If you think fit you can just show him this letter.

Your early attention will much oblige yours, respectfully,

SAMUEL HUNTER,

For HOPKINS, HULL & ATKINSON.

