
forcibly taken to Fort McHenry, where I remained one night; then I was taken to Fort Lafayette by an armed force and treated on the route like a common felon. Remained there some fortnight or more and from thence removed to this place and kept as a prisoner ever since, without any charge having been made against me and without any legal warrant for my arrest. My house and place of business were searched without warrant and without oath; all of which was in violation of the Constitution of the United States, and particularly of the fourth article of "amendments to the Constitution. "

I was on the 8th of February last tendered my release on condition of taking an oath of allegiance not required by law, which I declined. There is no provision of the Constitution or any law which requires of private citizens any such oath, and I object to being singled out and marked with suspicion by having any such oath imposed on me. I have never yet been informed as to what is charged against me and I am not conscious of having violated any law; therefore I do not want any amnesty nor will I give any parole or take any oath not required by the law of the land; but I claim as I have a right to do an immediate and unconditional release from my present unjust and illegal imprisonment. If I have done any act contrary to the laws of my State or of the United States I claim a speedy trial by my peers.

Very respectfully,

ROBT. HULL.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C. May 15, 1862.

Mr. ROBERT HULL, Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant* stating that you had declined being released on the terms offered by the commissioners and asking to be paroled thirty days, and to infomr you inreply that your request cannot be complied with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON.

Assistant Secretary of War.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 27, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day released the following-named prisoners in obedience to telegram +26th instant, viz, * * * Robert Hull. * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Case of Arthur Brown.

Arthur Brown was arrested by order of the Secretary of State at Fairfield, Conn., by U. S. Marshal David H. Carr on the 7th of Feb-

---------------

*Not found.

+For Townsend to Dimick, November 26, 1862 ordering release of all the Maryland state prisoners, see Vol. I, this series, p. 748.

---------------

85 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

