
ruary, 1862, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty and the strongest sympathy with the rebel cause. A letter said to have dropped from his pocket dated Richmond, December 31, 1861, and signed "F. C. P.," informed him that his proposition to purchase a fast steamer and go at privateering met with Jefferson Davis' most hearty approval. Advised him to come without delay to rebel-dom by the way of Baltimore, wherfe his frineds would see him safe through the lines. The writer also suggests that he does not think it advisable to drop down to Africa, as there would be danger of capture before getting into Congo. The said Arthur Brown remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release Mr. Arthur Brown, a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette, upon his giving his written parole of honor that he will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.

[FORT LAFAYETTE,] March 15, 1862.

I, Arthur Brown, of New York City, do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

ARTHUR BROWN.

Witness present -

HARRY C. EGBERT,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth Infantry.

Case of Mrs. August Morris.

Mrs. Augusta Morris,* alias Miss Ada M. Hewitt, allias Mrs. Mason, was arrested by order of Major-General McClellan and confined in the Old Capitol Prison February 7, 1862. She was charged with being a spy in the employ of the rebels. The said Miss Hewitt, or Mrs. Morris, remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Departmnt of the preceding day she was transferred to the charge of that Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Information obtained by a thorough examination and study of the papers of Mrs. Augusta Heath Morris, otherwise Mason.

That on the 20th of Janaury, 1854, she as Mlle. Augusta Heath Morris was married in Paris to John Francis Mason in the presence

---------------

*In connection with this case see case of Mrs. Greenhow, p. 561, et seq. ; also case of Mrs. Baxley, p. 1315 et seq.

---------------

