
policy, seeing that my friends were those that held all in their hand. I staid a day with him at the station. He was very kind to me and the children. He is a dear funny fellow. He tells me he told Mrs. Johnson the night before the fight at Manassas of me and my children and she would be a friend to those children. When I told him of all my sufferings in Arkansas the tears rolled down his face. I had not the heart to tell him of all the unkind things your mother had said of his wife, but for fear my letter has failed to reach you I will tell you all she said of you. *

* * * * *

Your wife,

A. MASON,

[Newspaper slip inclosed. From Washington. - Special to The New York Herald.]

ARREST OF A FEMALE SECESSIONIST.

A lady calling herself Mrs. Morris, who came here from Richmond some time since alleging that she had been compelled to leave on account of expressions of sympathy with the North, was arrested to-day and locked up in the Capitol Hill Prison. She is charged with giving information to the enemy regarding the position and strength of the Federal troops and fortifications in and about Washington. Mr. Walworth, son of Chancellor Walworth, of New York clerk in the Adjutant-General's Office, has also been arrested and imprisoned on charge of acting in complicity with her. This Mrs. MOrris, who is a gay, dashing and springhtly widow, it will be remembered offered for accepted but for prudential reasons it was deemed advisable to keep a strict watch upon her and the result has been her arrest, which took place at 4 o'clock this morning while she was in bed at her hotel.

[No. 2.]

FEBRUARY 24, 1862

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN. (To be forwarded.)

MY DEAR FRIEND: I have written you twice since I have been in this charming place-once a private letter to you, another claiming your protection for Mrs. General Gaines, my friend. Some of our friends have written South that she is a sopy for this Government. It is utterly false. In my letter I also spoke of the cabal formed against me by Mrs. Greenhow. She too has added her voice against Mrs. G[aines], and as I said she is drowned by mean ambition of being known [as the only one] in the good work and jealous of everything that surpasses her in loyalty and courage. She makes herself the echo of every evil rumor and she may injure Mrs. G[aines].

I have seen in the papers a speech alleged to have been made by Faulkner+ at M

-----

. I wrote you when I saw him at the hotel to tell the President to be careful of that man and not to trust him nor to give up Ely for him. He I assure you is no friend to the South. He is crafty and calculating. He has some voice in Virginia. This speech will do harm. He had I am confident a pretty good understanding with this Government before he left so the Union men gave me to understand. Mr. Davis will understand him better than you will for he knows him. I cannot describe to you the whole manner of this man,

---------------

*Omitted portions of these letters relate to unimportant family matters.

+See case of Faulkner at p. 463 et seq.

---------------

