
he is changed. He will not be on again for a week. You could buy up the whole regiment for $1,000. I am not at all low-spirited. You know I cultivate a cheeful spirit a duty. I often think we are very much alike in some respects.

Our losses in Tennessee and Kentucky is a blow, but they have to fight a long death fight before our brave people are conquered. I am only afraid so powerful is success even in the eyes of superior men, and so strongly does force impose upon men despite the voice of conscience, that our friends here will forget we are right. If you are whipped and taken prisoner you will be brought here. They are making extensive preparations for your accommodation. This piece ofpaper Masonwrote his name on in my portfolio long time ago, and I have kept it as a souvenir. You know I have only his children to remember him by. Pardon this scrawal, but I write with a stick.

The sentinels, keeper, prisoners and officers are all kind. They only keep me here because they hate to part with me. * * *

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. M.

Please forward the inclosed letter* to Doctor Mason.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES S. WADSWORTH, &c., Washington.

GENERAL: If they consent you will please convey * * * Mrs. Augsuta Morris, prisoners at present held in the Old Capitol Military Prison in this city, beyond the lines of the U. S. forces into the State of Virginia and release them upon their giving their written parole of honor that they will not return north of the Potomac River during the present hostilities without permission of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

HEADQUARTERS, Fort Monroe, Va., June 2, 1862.

We, the undersigned,+ late prisoners in the Old Capitol at Washington, do pledge our word of honor that in consideration of our being set at liberty beyond the lines of the U. S. Army we will not return north of the Potomac River during the present hostilities without the permission of the Secretary of War of the United States.

MRS. AUGUSTA MORRIS.

Case of Mansfield T. Walworth.

This person [Mansfield T. Walworth] was arrested February 7, 1862, in Washington, D. C., by order of Major-General McClellan and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with being a spy++

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

+Mrs. Greenhow and Mrs. Baxley also signed this parole and were sent South with Mrs. Morris.

++But see report of Allen in case of Mrs. Morris, p. 1346.

---------------

