
in the service of the rebels. The said M. T. Walworth remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

Honorable REUBEN H. WALWORTH, Saratoga Springs, N. Y.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose by direction of the commissioners, Major-General Dix and the Honorable Edwards Pierrepont, a copy of the order issued this day for the discharge of Mr. Mansfield T. Walworth from confinement at the Old Capitol Military Prison in this city.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. D. WEBSTER.

[Inclosure.]

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &c., Washington.

SIR: You may release Mr. Mansfied T. Walworth upon his taking the oath of allegiance and engaging upon oath that he will leave the city of Washington forthwith and repair immediately to his pternal home in Saratoga County, N. Y., and report daily therefrom to the Honorable Reuben H. Walworth, and that he will not leave the county of Saratoga nor hold any correspondence himself nor be engaged autority of the Government of the United States without permission from the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

Case of W. W. Hedrick.

W. W. Hedrick, of Memphis, Tenn., was arrested in Chicago, Ill., February 8, 1862, and by direction of the Secretary of State was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. Hedrick was charged with being an agent of the insurrectioanry Government to procure the printing of Confederate scrip or bonds and that in pursuance of his agency and authroity he contracted for and had printed in Chicago a a large number of bounds or scrip, and when arrested was about to proceed with them to the rebel States. On his person was found a large amount of money or scip issued by authority of the so-called Confederate States, and of issues of the banks of the States in rebellion against the Government of the United States. The said W. W. Hedrick remained in custody in Fort Lafayette, February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

