
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, April 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commandant, Fort Lafayette.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose orders for the release of William W. Hedrick. * * *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

I, W. W. Hedrick, of the city of Memphisnd State of Tennessee, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Union and Constitution and the Government of the United STates as established by that Constitution against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may berequired of my by law. So help me Gold.

WM. W. HENDRICK.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 9th day of Apri, 1862.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioner.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the commission relating to state prisoners at its session in New York discharged from confinenment Mr. W. W. Hedrick, a prisoner who was arrested in Chicago, Ill. Mr. Hedrick applied to the commission for the restoration of a sum of money which was takenfrom him at the time of his arrest and transmitted to the State Department. The commission informed him that the order for restoration mut be made by the Secretary of War. The packagewhich is sealedand said to contain $700 in gold is still in my possession. Shall I return it and take his receipt therefor?

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. WEBSTER.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTM862.

Mr. Webster is directed to return the money as suggested within. By order of the SecretaryofWar:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, April 22, 1862.

Received of Mr. E. D. Webster, secretary of the commission relating to state prisoners, two sealed packages addressed to William H. Seward, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C., andmarked to contain, respectively, one the sum of $25 and the other the sum of $700, and which

