
By a report of E. J. Allen* made through the provost-marshal's office it is shown that the letters signed Charles R. Cables were written by Smithson, and also that evidence was found among his papers that he had been in contraband correspondence with the South since the issuance of the President's proclamation of non-intercourse. In the same lot of correspondence contianign the Cables letters was also a letter addressed to R. A. Matthews, esq., Richmond, Va., also idenitifed by the same report as written by Smithson. The report speaks of further evidence discovered in Smithson's papers of his sympathy with the rebels, and of care manifested to exclude from his premises all papers of a positively treasonable character. Upon the information so acquired and moreelaborately set forth in said report and upon the application from the provost-marshal's office found thereon to arrest and hold him as a spy, Smithson's arrest was ordered. The said Smithson remained inc ustody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the orderof the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 8, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: You will please arrest and convey to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, Mr. William T. Smithson. You will also make a thorough search of his person andpremises, and send all letters and papers of a treasonable character found in his possession together with your report thereon to this Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENTOF STATE, Washington, January 9, 1862.

CHARLES WILSON, Esq., Washington.

SIR: Your appliction for an interview with Mr. Smithson has been submitted to the Secretary of State. In reply I am directed to say that it is deemed inexpedient at present to grant the request, but that any unsealed communication of a proper character which you may desire to address to him will if sent to this Department be duly forwarded to him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 18, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: You will please make thorough examination of the premises of William T. Smithson, banker of this city, now a prisoner at Fort Lafayette, New York, Harbor, for treasonable papers. For that purpose it is deemed advisable that you should take immediate possession thereof

---------------

*Not found; but see cases of Thompson and McArthur, p. 1307 et seq. ; also casse of Mrs. Morris, p. 1346 et seq.

---------------

