
into the custody of U. S. Marshal Phillips, of Illinois, January 16, and on the same day by order of the Secretary of State was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. The charges a against Colonel Ogden were disloyalty to the United States Government. January 16, 1862, General Grant telegraphed to the Secretary of State that thepersons named (Colonel Ogden and others) are very dangerous men and ought to be permanently secured. U. S. Marshal Phillips states in a latter to the Secretary of State, dated January 16, 1862, "Colonel Ogden is one of the most wealthy and respectable rebels in Western Kentucky, and is a most important man to hold. " The said Colonel J. M. Ogden remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

James M. Perkins, of Caldwell County, Ky., was arrested by order of Brigadier-General Grant in Southern Illinois about the 1st of January, 1862; was delivered over to the custody of U. S. Marshal Phillips, of Illinois, January 16, 1862, and on the same day by order of the Secretary of State was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. January 16, 1862, General Grant telegraphed to the Secretary of State that "the persons named (Perkins and others) are very dangerous men and oughtto be permanently secured. " On the same day U. S. Marshal Phillips wrote to the Secretary oif State that "Brady and Perkins are both rebel emissaries and desperate men. General Grant deemed it unsafe and unwise to keep them in charge near his army, and hence turned them over to me for your disposition. " The said James M. Perkins remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Patrick Brady, of Missouri, was arrested by order of Brigadier-General Grant, commanding at Cairo, Ill., andon the 16th of January, 1862; was given into the custody of U. S. Marshal Phillips, of Illinois, who by direction of the Secretary of State onveyed Brady to Fort Lafayetee. January 16, 1862, General Grant telegraphed to the Secretary of State that the personsnamed (Brady and others) are very dangerous men and ought to be permanently secured. On the same day U. S. Marshal Phillips wrote to the Secretary of State that "Brady and Perkins are both reel emissaries and desperate men. General Grnt deemed it unsafe and unwise to keep them in charge near his army, and hence turned them over to me for your disposition. " The said Patrick Brady remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was t ransferred to the charge of the War Department.

William H. Child, of Alabama, was arrested by order of Brigadier-General Grant, commanding at Cairo, Ill., and on the 16th of January, 1862; was given into the custody of U. S. Marshal Phillips, of Illinois, who byorder of the Secretary of State conveyed Child to Fort Lafayette. January 16, 1862, General Grant telegraphed to the Secretary of State that the persons named (Child and others) were very dangerousmen andought to be permanently secured. On the same day U. S. Marshal Phillips wrote the Secretary of State that Child had been north, perhaps to Canada, in the employ of the Confederate States and was arrested in attempting to pass the lines of our army at Cairo. He is a talented engineer and a most dangerous man.

