
The following extract from a letter written by Child, addressed to R. M. Crow, from Fort Lafayette February 10, 1862, estalbishes his guilty intentions:

Hope to getout of here soon by regularexchnge, which seems to be the only available chance for I can't go the oath. Am gaining in health dialy and will soon be up to my full fighting weight, in fact mentally and all I am under excellent training for a good millwhen the time comes. My prison companions are geniuine Southern gentlemen in the absolute sense of the term. Do not feel in the least degraded by this incarceration. On the contrary esteem it some honor to be counted worthy of some stripes in so good a cause. Hope soon, however, to be placed on a more ennobling stage of action in the contest.

The said William H. Child remained in Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. '

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 21, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd of February instant the following prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette upon their engaging upon their honor that they will renderno aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: J. M. Ogden, J. M. Perkins, Patrick Brady. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed please find the parole of thirty-six prisoners [including J. M. Ogden, J. M. Perkins and Patrick Brady] at Fort Lafayette, release in obedience to your telegraphic dispatch of the 21st instant. * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York, Harbor, February 22, 1862.

We, the undersigned, do solemnly promise upon our word of honor that we will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Governmentof the United States.

PATRICK BRADY.

JAMES M. PERKINS.

J. M. OGDEN.

[And 33 OTHERS, OMITTED.]

Witness:

HARRY C. EGBERT,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth [U. S.] Infantry.

