
[Indorsement.]

Release her and pay fare to Chicago.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 12, 1861.

ChIEF OF POLICE, Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: It is expected that all persons embarking for foreign ports and especially for Europe will provide themselves with passports from this Department, or if aliens countersigned by the Secretary of State. You will not allow any persons not so provided to embark at Philadelphia excepting only the poorer class of emigrants, whom you can easily distinguish.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 12, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio.

GENERAL: * * * As far as military necessity will permit religiously respect the constitutional rights of all. Preserve the strictest discipline among the troops, and while employing the utmost energy in military movements be carefully so to treat the unarmed inhabitants as to contract not widen the breach existing between us and the rebels.

I mean by this that it is the desire of the Government to avoid unnecessary irritation by causeless arrests and persecution of individuals. Where there is good reason to believe that persons are actually giving aid, comfort or information to the enemy it is of course necessary to arrest them, but I have always found that it is the tendency of subordinates to make vexatious arrests on mere suspicion. You will find it well to direct that no arrest shall be made except by your order or that of your generals unless in extraordinary cases, always holding the party making the arrest responsible for the propriety of his course. It should be our constant aim to make it apparent to all that their property, their comfort and their personal safety will be best preserved by adhering to the cause of the Union.

McCLELLAN.

NOTICE.

FORT WARREN, November 12, 1861.

The undersigned, appointed by the Secretary of State ates to examine into the cases of the political prisoners at Fort warren, desires those prisoners to be prepared to-morrow to answer the question whether they would severally be willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Constitution and Government of the United States if they should be set at liberty, further inquiry into each case to depend upon the answer. To-morrow there will be an opportunity to answer the question.

SETH C. HAWLEY.

