
[RICHMOND,] July 15, 1861.

The PRESIDENT.

SIR: Humblycomplaining it becomes my panful duty to inform you that I am under arrest without warrant or specification, and ordered to jail without a hearing y themilitary commandant of this post; and to beg your Excellency's interposition so far as to suspend the exeuction of the mittimus, and to take my parole of honor until I can obtain a writ of habeas corupus and have a hearing. I was born in the South. All my affinities and onsanguinities are in the South. Every sympathy and impulse of my nture and my heart are enlisted in her cause. I returned to her bosom at the earliest moment in my poser to devote the best energies I possesss in sustaining her rights.

They have my baggage and passport.

Very truly, your friend,

HENRY L. MARTIN,

Of Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War will plese inquire into the case further, to determine whether it be necessary to confine this man.

J. D.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 27, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY T. CLARK,

Governor of North Carolina.

SIR: A letter from Dr. M. L. Rossvally,* of date July 22, has been received at this Department indorsed by a note from yourself requesting that answer should be returned through your office. In obedience therefore to your request I have the honor to inform you that Doctor Rossvally is under arrest as a spy.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretay of War.

LYNCHBURG, July 31, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia.

DEAR SIR: On the 18th of last June I sent to you Dr. George Gross, who had been keptin confinement here about five weeks upon suspicion of being a spy, and I wrote to you settingforth the circumstances of his arrest and the evidenceelicited upon his trial. I refer you tomy letter, I think written on the 18th of June. This man Gross as theofficer who carried him before you informed mewas required to take the oath of alleg mayor of Richmond, and yet he was taken as a prisoner at the battle of Manassas and confessed to having piloted the Federal army to that place. Mr. William R. Scott, a highly repsectable citizen who resides near this city and who knew him when here, heard him make the confessionat Manassas. I adivse you of these facts that the scoundrel may be dealt with as his infamous conduct demands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. BRANCH,

Mayor.

P. S. -Gross claimed to be a resident of Fairfax County, Va.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

