
think any man professing to belong to the party to which he claims to belong ought to be permitted to travel through the country.

With assurance of high regard, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. BRANCH,

Mayor.

[Indorsement.]

When the prisoner was brought before the Governor he stated that in order to show his fidelity to the South, the Confederate States, and Virginia, he was willing to take an oath of fidelity to each. The oath was administered in the governor's office by the mayor of the city of Richmond.

JOHN LETCHER.

[WILLIAMSBURG, VA.,] August 2, 1861.

Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States.

DEAR SIR: About four weeks ago my son, Mr. Travis Southall, arrived here from Washington where he had been for some months for the purpsoe of joining a volunteer company. Want of means together with other difficulties attending such a step alone prevented his getting here earlier. So soon as he reached this his home he was arrested, underwent a sttict examination, and though the examining officer, Captain Wrth, congratulated him on answering every question satisfactorily yet mr. Southall was the next morning sent off to Richmond without previous notice. From Richmond he has been removed to Raleigh, N. C., and up to the present moemnt no action has been taken in the matter. What the charges areagainst him or who makes, them we know not. All I ask, Mr. President, is that he may be heard, his case examined into. If he prove guilty, though his mother I can saylet him be punished; if innocent let him be discharged at once and join his company. Colonel Ewell gave me permission to-day to sya to you that had Mr. Travis Southall applied to him to join his regiment (and which Mr. Southall certainly would have done had time been allowed him0 he would have received him without the slightest hesitation.

With this letter, Mr. President, I sent some depositions. Please examine them, and if you will remember how guardedly all letters had to be worded to get them through Washington at all you must see that they are of some weight. I coul dsend many more equally stong but feel sure that those will suffice torpove the loyalty of my son. May God bless you, Mr. President, and always lead you to do what is right.

Most respectfully,

MRS. V. F. T. SOUTHALL.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

The following are expressions made us of in the letters received from my son, Mr. Travis Southall, at various times since the 4th of March, 1861, the letters themselves having been burned atthe time of the alarm and preparation to leave the place:

Look out, monther, we are coming and may be with you without a moment's warning. The ladies only will remain with you; we will of course join the volunteer company immediately.

Mother, fear nothingon my account. I can swim to well for them to shut me up in Washington.

