
I have been offered a situation here but could not think of accepting. Virginia's fate shall be mine; she needs every one of her sons to stand by her.

They came to our house last Saturday and in my absence took down my name on the militia roll. I'll die before I'll serve.

In a letter from Miss Jenie Johnston to me in April I think she says:

T. 's name is on the militia roll but he says he will see them at the devil before he serves. He is on the lookout to leave the first moment that he can. Any one sympathizint with the South is marked, and on the slightest pretense made prisoner. Spies are everywhere.

Again in a letter written to me during the month of April-about the 20th-Travis Southall says:

Last Saturday I started to Norfolk on my way home on the Government steamer Anacostia (that is the name I believe), a free passage having been given me by Captain Fillebrown, whom you know, mother. When some distance down the Potomac we were met by the Pwnee, the powder and marines were taken off, and we sent back to Washington, where I am now much to my disappointment.

V. F. T. SOUTHALL,

[Mother of Travis Southall.]

ELIZABETH B. BRIGHT.

CATHERINE M. MAUPIN.

JULIA S. ARMISTEAD.

CITY OF WILLIAMSBURG, TO WIT: This day V. F. T. Southall, E. B. Bright, C. M. Maupin and J. S. Armistead, whose names or esubscirbed to the deposition nnexed, persoanlly appeared before me, Robert M. Garrett, mayor of the city, and made oath that the facts and circumstances stated in this deposition are true.

Given under my hand this 2nd August, 1861.

RO. M. GARRETT, Mayor.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

I, Samuel F. Bright, of the city of Williamsburg in the State of Virginia, certify as follows: Some time in May I think it was I was informed by my wife, who is the sister of Mrs. V. F. T. Southall, who is the mother of Travis Southall, that he, Southall, was in Washington City, D. C., very anxious to come on to Virginia to join the Virginia army, but that he did not have the means nor could he get themeans to bring him on. I requested her to see Mrs. James Semple and ask of her to write to Purser Semple, her husband who was expected to pass through Washington about that tiem and to reuqest him to bring Mr. Southall on with him and that I would pay him the amount he might advance for that purpose immediately on his arrival, but unfortunately Purser Semple arrived in this place the next morning and the mails were not considered safe after that time, and from the onversation in the family I was led to believe that the deficiency of means was the sole cause of his not coming sooner.

SAML. F. BRIGHT.

Sworn before me this day, August 2, 1861.

RO. M. GARRETT, Mayor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 2, 1861.

Mr. PRESIDENT: The inclosed letters* are from Travis Southall, arrested and sent prisoner to Raleigh, N. C., as a spy. They were addressed by him from Washington to a young lady in New Kent County, Va., Miss Octavia Christian, daughter of John D. Christian,

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

