
esq., clerk of the superior and ifnerior courts of that country. They tell their own tale and show conclusively that the young man's heart beats in the right place. I have known all the parties since infacy and although differing plitically from them can answer for the fact that they areno traitors. There exists in Williamsburg bitter feeling against the father of young Southall on the part of some citizens based on private griefs, and I have but little doubt that the father is struck at by these parties through the son. Hving acted during the last canvass through this district as sub-elector of Breckinrdige I know the complexion of them all.

With high consideration, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 3, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States.

Mr. PRESIDENT: I forgot to say in my note of yesterday that the letters of Travis Southall to Miss Christian were brought to the Secretary of War by Mr. Waring, of New Kent County, without the knowledge of the parents or relatives of young Southall, but on making the facts known to the father of Travis Southall last evening he immediately produced a letter from his son while in Washington to his sister in Williamsburg, signed like the others "McIvor," and fully confirmatory of the sentiments expressed to Miss Christian. The letter of Dr. John Galt, superintending physician to the lunatic asylum in Williamsburg, and one of the purest men of one of the purest families on earth, in itself is a voucher in behalf of young Southall of great weight. With entire respect,

Your friend and servant,

JOHN TYLER, JR.

FARMVILLE, VA., August 5, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Yesterday I caused Samuel Thompson and James S. Wetherel to be arrested asalien enemies and spies. At the time of their arrest they were in the cars and professing to b eon their way one to the city of Petersburg, Va., and the other to Richmond. The witnesses against them are L. C. Garland, Captain Randolph, John S. Lydnor, General Hugh McLand and J. A. Porter, who are now in Richmond, Va. Wetherel has obtained a writ of habeas corpus. Please have the necessary stepstaken for the proper invetigation of the case and cause the witnesses to be sent here to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

JAMES T. GRAY,

A Justice of the Peace for the County of Prince Edward.

This will be delivered be John V. Miller, a constable for the county of Prince Edward, Va.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Raleigh, N. C., August 6, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: Allow me to call your attention to the situation of the prisoners of war sent here by Lieutenant Todd. They were allsent here in one

