
from the Confederate States within forty days from the date of this proclamation. And I do warn all persons above described who shall emain within the Confederate States after the expiration of said period of forty days that they will be treated as alien enemies.

Provided, however, That this proclamation shall not be cosidered as applicable during the existing war to citizens of the United States residing within the Confederate States with intent to become citizens thereof, and who shall make a declaration of such intntion in due form, acknowledging the authority of this Government; nor shall this proclamation be considered as extending to the States of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, the District of Columbia, the Territories of Arizona and New Mexico and the Indian Territory south of Kansas, who shall not be chargeable with actual hostility or other crime against the public safety, and who shall acknowledge the authority of the Government of the Confederate States.

And I do further proclaim and make known that I have established the rules and regulations hereto annexed in accordance with the provisions of said law.

Given under my hand and the seal of the Confederate Statesof America at the city of Richmond on this 14th day of August, A. D. 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

By the President:

R. M. T. HUNTER,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure.]

Regulations repsecting alien enemies.

The following regulations are hereby established repsecting alien enemies, under the provisions of an act approved 8th of August, 1861, entitled "An act respecting alien enemies: "

1. Immediately after the expiration of the term of forty days from the dateof the foregoing proclamation it shall be the duty of the several district attorneys, marshals andother officers of the Confederate States to make complaint against aliens or alien enemies coming within the purview of the act aforesaid, to the end that the several courts of the Confederate ch State having jurisdiction mayorder the removal of suchaliens or alien enemies beyond the territory of the Confederate States ortheir restraint and confinement, according to the terms of said law.

2. The marshals of the Confederate States are hereby directed to apprehended all aliens against whom complaints may be made under said law and to hold them in strict custody until the final order of the court, taking special care that such aliens obtain no information that could possibly be made useful to the enemy.

3. Whenever the removal of any alien beyond the limits of the Confederate States is ordered by any competent authority under the provisions of said law the marshal shall proceed to execute the order in person or by deputy or other discreet person in such manner as to prevent the alien so removed from obtaining any information that could be used to the prejudice of the Confederate States.

4. Any alien who shall return to these States during the war after having been removed therefrom under the provisions of said law shall be regarded and treated as an alien enemy, and if madeprisoner shall be at once delivered over to the nearest military authority to be dealt with as a spy or as a prisoner of war, as the case may require.

