
Connecticut Regiment. This Mr. Eddy, I have from undoubted uthroity (from a gentleman residing here that was in Connecticutwhen that regiment was preparing to leave for Washington), preached a sermon to them and told them to show n no quarter take sure aimna dbe sure to shoot to kill. I write this to you that the reverend gentleman may be properly understood and dealt by, and hope you will make these facts known.

With respect, yours, truly,

J. B. CONNER.

SALEM, ROANOKE COUNTY., VA., August 24, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia.

SIR: Sometime since thirty-nine prisoners from Norhwestern Virginia, arrested I learn as suspicious persons, were sent here by General H. A. Wise. These persons have been committedto the jail of this county without any warrant or legal proceedings other than as I understand by the order of General Wise; at least no papers of such committal are in my possession. No evidence has as yet been obtained to justify any of our magistrates to make a committal. Nine of these prisoners were said to be prisoners of war and were by the order of your excellency taken to Richmond a short time since. Oneof those remaining has since that tiem been released by the order of General Wise. Severalothers it is thought are innocent, but the majority no doubt from all I can learn are traitors to their country.

Our circuit court commences on Wendesday next, and if these prisoners should be brought before the judge on a writ of habeas corpus they would under the present state of things be released. In view of an attempt of this kind possibly being made and in order to prevent their release I have thought proper to give your excellency the above information in order to have a warrant or order made out if deemed necessary, or some information on the subject which will enable me to act in the premises. Please let me hear from your excellency before the sitting of our court.

Very respectfully,

F. J. RIBBLE,

Acting Commonwealth's Attorney.

RICHMOND, August 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: There are many cases among the prisoners arrested as suspicious persons and for other causes which I feel satisfied would be released if their cases were examined. Knowing that your time is so much occupied that you cannot give them attention I take the liberty to ask you to consider the propriety of establishing a commission or of directing the C. S. commissioner to examine these cases and to prepare and digest ehm so that you can at once decide them without the labor of wading through the investigation. By this course justice would be done and a great saving of expense to the Confederate States. The case of the Howard family is peculiarly hard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

