
The family seem to have been arrested becausethey were the family of Howard. The inclosed letter camewith the prisoner. Respectfully submitted. If discharged shall I give them transportationhome?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP PICKENS, August 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General WINDER,

Inspector-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

GENERAL: From the statements made to me by reliable citizens of Fairfax County I am induced to believe that the case of William Howard and family, by order of General Johnston forwarded to you, is one of persecution resulting from the factthat the prisoner killed a man named Monroe in self-defense some time ago. Mr. Padgett, a reliable gentleman, the magistrate before whom the homicide case wastried, especially confirms this opinion, and says that he considers theprisoner to be a true man. Howard's family were arested while on a visit to him at Fairfax Court-House for the purpose of bringing him clean clothes; at least such is the state of the case as represented to me by persons acquainted with thecircumstances, no charges orspecifications in the case having been made to me officially.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CORNELIUS BOYLE,

Major Virginia Forces and Provost-Marshal at Camp Pickens.

C. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Charleston, S. C., August 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: I send to-day by Mr. J. J. Beasely, my special deputy, twenty-seven prisoners who have been taken from different vessels, prizes of war, notengaged in the service of the United states. Inclosed will be found a list of vessels and prisoners* and other relative papers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. IRVING, JR.,

Deputy C. S. Marshal of South Carolina.

RICHMOND, August 31, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States.

SIR: Believing that if you were a aware of my imprisonment here as a prisoner of war without a shadow of cause and without any charge having been preferred against me you would order my release, I beg leave very respectfully toplace before you the following briefstatement of the circumstances under which I was arrested: A hackman byprofesion and resident in the city of Washington, I was hired by a party to convey them in my coach to Fairfax. On arriving there the party who had employed me refused to pay me unless I carried them on to Centreville. Having no othermeans of obtaining my money I was forced

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

