
to comply. At Centreville I had to remain all night and on Monday, July 22, while endeavoring to return, my horsestook fright, ran away, throwing me from the box and injuring me very much. In this condition, having lost my coach and horses and badly injured by my fall, I was arrested by the Confederae troops while trying to find my way to Fairfax on foot. The above is a briefstatement and a correst one of the manner in which I was cpatured, and fully believing that your sense of justic toward an innocent non-combatant and your humanity toward a widowed monther whose sole support I am will have the effect of procuring my release at your hgands I now place it before you with the assurance that I am perfectly willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Southern Confederacy, where of right my sympathies and affections lie. I am informed that one Joseph Birch, also a hackman, who was arrested at Manassas under the same circumstances as I was, was released on the day followinghis arrest, as he had an opportunity which I had not of explaining his case to the officers in authority there. As mine is a precisely similar case the same rule, I may respectfully submit to Your Excellency, will apply to both. Hoping that Your Excellency will excuse the liberty I take in addressing you personally, and that my statement and the accompnying prayer will have your favorable consideration at an early day.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

WM. SMITH,

Prisoner of War, Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Norfolk, September 4, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: I am appliedto by many persons who state that by the law of Congress respecting aliens and the proclamation of the President thereon they are compelled to leave the country by a specified time. As this is the only route by which any number could go North these applications are increasing daily. I cannot be the judge of their claims to leave under the above act ad proclamation and request instructions on the subject. I shall allow noen to go without orders from you.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

All are to beallowed to go, but he may in his discretion refuse to permit them to pass by any other route than via Tennessee if he thinks it dangerous to the country.

RICHMOND, September 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: According to your suggestion this morning I begleave to present in writing one or two considerations connected with the military arrests made and being made in the region of the lower Valley of Virginia, along the Potomac border.

A number of such cases were submittedto my examination by General Johnston while in command at Winchester, and the principle I

