HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WILLIAMSBURG,September 9,1 861.

General COOPER,

Adjutantand Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

SIR: Aman by the name of Clark, from Port Richmond, Staten Island, accompanied by his wife and son attempted to leave the mouth of York River in a sail vessel which was stopped by our guard-boat at that point. He has been living on York River since October last, and represents that he obtained the pass which he producedfromthe Secretary of War. This pass is signed by V. E. Shepherd, a gentleman I presume fully authorized by the Secretary; but as this man is a seafaring man, knows precisely our present situtation both as to the number of our forces, their state of health, the strength of our works, &amp;c., I have not permitted him to pass.

I think it highly important not to permit any one to pass our lines and out of the mouths of our rivers in whom we have not the ost entire confidence. At this moment it would be particularly dangerous. I do not presume the proclamation of the President was intended to authorize the passage of any Northrn peopleby such avenues to the North as could afford the enemy perfect information as to our strength or weakness at our most important points. Even in times of peace this might not be permitted. I respectfully request that no persons from the North be permitted to pass to the North in this direction.

I have ordered Clark to be detained at Gloiucester Point by Colonel Crump for attempting to go out without reporting either there or at Yorktown, and that his wife and son should remain on board the vessel which it is not understood is included in the proclamation. I beg to reuqest further instructions in this case. They can be sent with the vessel to the point on the river whence they came, and authroity granted by the Secretary of War for them to go to New York by someother route, say Kentucky; or if the Secretary wishes it they will pass of course.

There are others, some ten or twelve, who desire to go to the North under the proclamation, but for these Mr. Eustis, of Williamsburg, and Mr. Sewall, of Gloucester County, say they will be responsible. I presume therefore these latter can be trusted to give no information, but I had rather have this exit stopped altogether. Clark I think has forfeited his right for attempting to pasing. I understand also that he is intelligent, daring and unscrupulous.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America:

The undersigned, citizens of Hardy County, Va., desire to call your attention to the exposed and suffering condition of our county. We have been invaded for the past few months by Northern theives; our houses have been forciby entered and robbed; our horses, cattle and sheep in large numbers driven off; our citizens arrested, carried off and confined only because they are loyal citizens of Virginia and the Southern Confederacy; our cattle, sheep and horses to the amount of $30,000 have been forciby taken from us and appropriated to the support of the Army of the United States.

