
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP ON VALLEY RIVER,September 13, 1861.

The GENERAL COMMANDING U. S. TROOPS,

Huttonsville, Va.

GENERAL: It has been reported to the President of the Confederate States that Andrew J. Moore and Ellis Houchers, citizens of Pocahontas County, Va., were arrested about the 1st ultimo by a party of armed men and carried to your camp at the top of CHeat Mountain; that subsequently they were carried to your camp at Beverly; were there tried by a court-martial, condemned and executed. It is stated that the crime alleged against these men was the suspicion that they belonged to a party of eight who had two days before encountered a detachment of your troops on the banks of the Greenbrier River, when some of the latter were shot but in which encounter they had no participation. The reported exeuction of these men has been rpesented to the President in such a credible shape that Ihae been instructed by him to send to you under a flag a report of the case, and to require that you deliver to me as criminals the perpetrators of the act or avow your responsibility for the same.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS, September 14, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Confederate Forcesin Tygart's Valley.

GENERAL: In answer to your inquiry relating to Messrs. Andrew J. Moore and Ellis Houchers (we have it Houchin) I have to say that the report of their trial and execution at Beverly is wholly unfounded. They were sent to Wheeling, Va., August 5.

I avail myself of this opportunity to state that the languagge of the latter part of your communication is exceptionable. "The pepetrators of the act" who carry out the sentence of a court-martial could not be regarded as criminals in any sense, and the avowal of responsibility referred to would be an act of superfluity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Proclamation.

BOWLING GREEN, September 18, 1861.

TO THE PEOPLE OF KENTUCKY:

The legislature of Kentucky have been faithless to the will of the people. They have endeavored to make your gallant State a fortress in which under the guise of neutrality the armed forces of the United States might secretly prepare to subjugate alike the peopleof Kentucky and the Southern States. It was not until after months of covert and open violation of your neutrality, with large necampments of national troops on your territory, and a recent official declaration of the President of the United States not to regard your neutral position, coupledwith a well-prepared scheme to seize an additional point in

