
your territory which was of vital importance to the safety and defense of Tennessee that the troops of the Southern Confederacy on the invitation of the people of Kentucky occupied adefensive post in your State. In doing so, the commander announced his purpose to evaucate your territory simulataneously with a similar movemnt on the part of the national forces, whenever the legislature of Kentucky shall undertake to enforce against both belligerents the strict neutrality which they have so often declared.

I return amongst you, citizens of Kentucky, at the head of a force the advance of which is composed entirely of Kentuckians. We do not come to molest any citizen whatever may be his political opinions. Unlike the agents of the Northern despotism who seek to reduce usto the condition of dependent vassals we believe that the recognition of the civil rights of citizens is the foundation of constitutional liberty, and that the claim of the President of the United States to declare martial law, to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus and to convert every barrack and prison in the land into a bastile is nothing but the claim which other tyarants have assumed to subjugate a free people.

The Confederate States occupy Bowling Green as a defensive position. I renew the pledges of commanders of other columns of Confederate troops to retire from the territory of Kentucky on the same conditions which will govern their movements. I further give you my own assurance that the force under my command will be used as an aid to the government of Kentucky in carrying out the strict neutrality desired by its people whenever they undertake to enforce it against the two belligerents alike.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

MOOREFIELD, September 18, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War.

SIR: I went on business concerning some cattle that had been taken from this county by Northern troops to Cumberland. There I was arrested and required to take an oath not to take up arms against the United States Government. I have never and had not at the time of being arrested taken up arms against the United States Government, but have been up to this time merely a private citizen. what I want to know of your honor is, whether the oath taken by me will be respected by the Confederate States Government, or am I subject to be drafted with the militia of Hardy County? Please answer and direct to post-office at Moorefield, Hardy County, Va.

DANIEL SMITH.

FORT OR WATERS, HIGHLAND COUNTY,

September 21, 1861.

This letter has been handed to me as the officer commanding the line between Moterey and Petersburg. I forward it according to its address, and with it the following extracts from the report of Captain George Jackson, former commandant of the post at Monterey:

John W. Overman; lives in Preston County, five miles west of West Union. Was arrested without arms and confined in the guard house August 23, 1861, on the charge of being a Union man. Says that he was a Union man until his arrest, but has since changed and is now willing to stand by the South.

