
It is proper to state here that all of those persons mentioned in the above list as arrested on the charge of disloyalty, other than those caught in arms against the South, were arrested upon representations of numbers of the most substantial, reliable and lyal citizens of Hardy County, to the effect that they were actively engaged in giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

These extracts give all the information I have about Overman, except that I was [informed] by two gentlemen from Hardy that he was taken up as a spy. He is sent to the Staunton jail by order of General H. R. Jackson.

Respectfully,

JOHN B. BALDWIN,

Colonel Fifty-second Virginia Regiment.

[Inclosure.]

MONTEREY, HIGHLAND COUNTY, VA.,

September 15, 1861.

M. JEFFERSON DAVIS.

HONORABLE SIR: I will say to you that I amheld as a prisoner in this place. I was taken near Petersburg, Hardy County, Va. I live in Preston County, Va., and was on my way to Moorefield, Hardy County, on business and I had to go some thirty-five milesout of my way to get there in order to get around the Yankee camps, and then was taken by the Rckbridge Cavalry and brought here. I am charged with being a Union man, and I am not, and can prove that I have taken strong grounds in of avor of the Confederacy, and was taken prisoner by the Yankee. This I can prove by the best of men in Tucker and Preston Counties if I could get any word to them. But I am cut off from any communication with them and I ask of you my release, for I am kept on the streets at work and digging graves Sundays as well as any other day. They have also taken a fine horse and saddle from me. I was taken on the 22nd August, and I am at this time 130 or 140 miles from home, with the Yankees between me and my home. Therefore I can't get any assistance from there-not as much as a change of clothes. I ask your honor for my release, and also for my horse or his value. I understand that I am to be moved up to Staunton to-morrow; but as to this I cannot say whtehr they will or not. Sir, I am a Virginia, and am proud to ay that I have always been loyal to my native State, and am still willing to remain so.

Your humble servant,

JOHN W. OVERMAN.

P. S. -I am well treated by your men generally. There are some few that curse me, and say they will shoot me before I leave the guard house.

J. W. O.

[RICHMOND,] September 21, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I have examined the cases of Robert H. Kinney, Frank Smuth and Hezekiah Kelly and I see no cause whatever for their detention.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES LYONS,

Commissioner.

NEW ORLEANS, September 21, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Richmond.

DEAR SIR: Among the prisoners at Richmond is Captain G. W. Edge, sent from Fernandina. He was captain of the ship John Carver, loaded

