
acquainted with the business; that he (my friend) had recommended me as competent and advised me to accept the situation which I did, and on the 1st June arrived at Buckland and commenced to work. I kept on working until about the 24th July when, hearing that my son Isaac Clark Rodman, had come from the North as a private in the Second Rhode-Island Regiment; that he had been presentet at the battle of Manassas on the 21st of July and was wounded, I immediately stated the case to my employers, upon which they informed me that I might go in quest of him and dvised me to do so. I found him amongst the wounded at Sudley Church on the 27th of July, on which day I was arrested. I was brought on to Richmond on the 30th, and after the lapse of a few days was appointed nurse in the prison hospital under the superintendence of Dr. Higginbotham, C. S. Army. I have acted in that capacity up to the present time, bestowing all the while every possible care and attention on my son, who died yesterday, September 25, of typhoid fever.

CLARK RODMAN.

RICHMOND, September 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN.

DEAR SIR: The governor has referred to me a letter from Honorable R. M. Hudson, judge of the circuit court of Roanoke County. In that letter the judge states that there are twenty prisoners in theRoanoke jail who have applied to him for discharge on writs of habes corpus returnable to the 4th of October next. He states that they were arrested as Union men by Governor Wise. All are citizens of Virginia, except one who had removed to Ohio but had returned here to settle up his former business. They state they took no part in the military movements nor had they aided the enemy. Some state that though originally Union men they acquiesced in the ordinance adopted by the State and are willing to act as loyal citizens. There is no warrant for their custody nor any writing authorizing it. The sheriff holds them under the verbal order of a military man who stated they were arrested and sent on by General Wise. If there be any evidence to hold them for treason to the State of course the State authorities will take them in charge.

What I desire is to know what course should be pursued in case nothing appears against them except their being held under theorder of a Confederate States lives (near Roanoke County) in Fincastlety, I might at your instance write to him to attend the trial, or without any intervention of mine you migh have the cases attended to by Mr. Miller. The attorney for the Commonwealthis in the military service and is thus absent from Roanoke County.

I am, with high respect, yours, &amp;c.,

J. R. TUCKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, September 28, 1861.

Honorable J. R. TUCKER,

Attorney-General of Virginia, Richmond.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letterof 27th instant in regard to certain prisoners held in Roanoke County jail, Virginia, who have applied for discharge on writs of habeas corpus, &c. Such of these prisoners as willt ake the oath of allegiance to the Confederate

