
Galveston, Tex. ; W. L. Thompson, editor News, Savannah, Ga. ; James P. Hambleton, editor of Southern Confederacy, Atlanta, Ga. I had a slight acquaintance with Mr. H[ableton] in the New York a year ago last March, and wrote a few communications for his paper, but discontinued writing for it because it supported Douglas for the Presidency, Breckinridge being my choice. I have also written occasionally to the Charleston Mercury during the last five years, but am not personally acquainted with its present editors. I would also refer you to Honorable W. W. Boyce, Winnsborough, S. C., Honorable John H. Regan, Postmaster-General, fromwhom I have receivedletters the past winter. Mr. R[eagan] I am not personally acquainted with; Mr. B[oyce] I am. There are many other prominent Southern gentlemen with whom I was acquianted in Washington in the springand summer of 1856, among them Toombs and Stpehens, of Georgia; Messrs. Keitt and Orr, of South Carolina, and J. P. Benjamin, the present Attorney-General. whether they would recollect me or not I can not say. The editor of the Norfolk Argus, Captain Lamb, who is referred to in the blackguard notice of the New York Tribune, I should not hesitate to refer to; but whether he is in Norfolk or the army I do not know. His father was mayor of Norfolk last year, and a letter would probably reach him if directed to his father's care. John Heart, esq., former editor of the Charleston Mercury, and J. D. B. De Bow, esq., of De Bow's Review, I am acquainted with, but do not know the post-office address of either at this time. E. D. Ryan, esq., of Waco, Tex., I am acquainted with personally and by correspondence. W. H. Parsons, esq., also of Waco, who is a prominent lawyer in Texas, and also an able writer, I have a corresponding acquaintance with, which grew out of our both writing for the Galveston News. I saw by the papers some six weeks ago that he had raised a regiment and is probably now in the service. Should you or any of your friends write to Captain Lamb, of the Argus (Norfolk), please inclose to him the notice from the New York Tribune. Take such steps asyou and your friends see fit, but do not involve yourself in any manner on my account. I am amusing myself by writing an address, "The present revolution and its causes. " Whether I shall ever deliver it or not is very doubtful; but if I were at liberty and thought it would afford either instruction or pastie I would like to deliver it, and would appropriate the entire proceeds to the fund for sick and wounded soldiers.

It was my most ardent desire when I came to Virginia in May last to enter the army, but if I should get released from imprisonment this fall it would be foolish for me to undertake the hardhsips of camp life at this season of the year with my system in the condition that my long confinement has placed it, for it would not be two weeks till I should be in the hospital; but my desir eto aid the cause of Southern independence which is de facto the cause ofAmerican liberty is as strong as ever. The Rev. Mr. Cole (heaven bless him) has called to see me twice and has given me some undergarments which I avery much needed, for I was in fact compelled to leave Lowell by an abolition mob and had only the clothes that I had on, and a rainy-day suit at that. It is now five and one-half months since, and you must conclude that my wardrobe is getting very low.

I don't know that there is any news here that would interest you. The jail has been full of deserters for the last ten days, which is not much to the comfort of us who are regular boarders. There are severalmen in the vicinity who desire the services of Mr. Sanford, but whether he will get out at present I do not know. He sends regards.

