
Hoping that the time may come when I can reciprocate the kindness that you and those good people who are unknown to me have manifested in my behalf, I remain, most respectfully, your friend and servant,

M. B. WHITE.

P. S. -The communications and notices inclosed use at your own discretion. If you think it advisable to send any of them away, do so. If not, please return them when you are through with them.

M. B. W.

PAULDING, MISS., September 30, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

The undersigned have learned with great surprise that Henry L. Martin, esq., late of Jasper County, Miss., is imprisoned at Richmond on charges affecting his loyalty to the South. Mr. Martin is a native of the South; has spent most of his life in this communicty; his children are here, and we his old friends and acquaintances find it impossible to believe that his feelings and sympathies are other than Southern. The object of this petition is to pray Your Excellency to have his case examined into, and to extend, and we feel assured that with a proper understanding of his case he will be found to be above suspicion, and a true Southern man.

L. B. LASSITER,

Sheriff of Jasper, County.

BENJ. THIGPEN,

Judge of Probate.

W. T. POWER,

Deputy Sheriff.

[AND 21 OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., October 1, 1861.

Captain J. W. HAWKINS,

Commanding Stevenson Guards, Nashville.

SIR: Your letter of September 29 hasbeen received and I am instructed by General Johnston to say that he wishes you to continue to perform the duties heretofore assigned.

If summoned by writ of habeas corpus you will appear and state fully to the judge the grounds on which you made the arrest and on which you detain the prisoner. If he is then discharged you will release him. Should it appear to you in any particuolar case that serious injury to the service may arise from the release of the prisoner you will immediately state the case to a judge of the Confederate States and ask for his authority to arrest.

You are as heretofore to stop and turn back any suspicious person traveling on the cars. The discharge of the judge will not suffice as a passport.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

