HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE PENINSULA,Yorktown, October 13, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th instant and to say in reply that Colonel Crump reports that-

C. G. Clark and his wife attempted to pass without showing their passports and were captured by the guard below all our batteries. All the facts in the case were immediately reported by me through the Adjutant-General's Department to the War Department and instructions asked, and from the vindictive spirit exhibited by himself and wife since their capture I deem it extremely imprudent, indeed dangerous, to permit their leaving the country at all.

C. G. Clark and wife have been sent to Richmond.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,

Norfolk, October 14, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector-General.

SIR: I inclose an advertisement which I propose publishing. My object is to get rid of a disaffected and troublesome population, most of whom are idle and would be liable to turn against us if we were in any danger of a defeat. They are sending up to Richmond from day to day and getting passes, thus keeping up a continued communication with the enemy. I propose letting them all go and tell all their tales at once, and after that to allow none to leave. I beg it may be submitted to the Secretary of War for his approval or disapproval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

As many persons residing in this locality are from time to time making application to these headquarters to be permitted to go North under a flag of truce, and as the time allowed by an act of Congress and the proclamation of the President for all alien enemies to leave the Confederate States or taken the oath of allegiance has expired, notice is hereby given to all alien enemies and other disaffected persons that upon a day hereafter to be named a flag of truce will leave for the purpose of conveying them beyond these military lines, and all whose desire so to depart will within one week from this date register their names at the offices of W. W. Lamb, esq., mayor of Norfolk, and Captain George W. Grice, assistant quartermaster at Portsmouth. This steamer will be the last that will convey residents of this locality under a flag of truce, and all alien enemies or other suspected persons found within these military lines after her departure will be arrested and impirsoned as the law directs.

AUDITOR'S OFFICE, Richmond, October 25, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN.

SIR: Many of the best men of Virginia whose names I can furnish are now confined in cow-sheds near Columbus, Ohio, for the utterance

