
of their political opinions in their native States. They number over 100, and no efforts appear to have been made by the Government for their exchange or release. While such a great wrong remains unredressed there has been a "general jail delivery" of Union defenders who have committed treason against Virginia by giving aid and comfort to the Peirpoint government. An exchange between the military authorities of the two Governments of all political offenders is certainly legitimate, and I merely state the facts that your better judgment may suggest the remedy. The sufferings of our citizens taken from Virginia unarmed and only because of their political opinions are too great to escape the immediate attention of all who have the means of redress, and I enter an earnest request that no further releases such as the "Salem jail delivery" referred to shall be made until our friends held as hostages and for the purpose of exchange shall also be given up or released.

Yours, truly,

J. M. BENNETT,

First Auditor, Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF KANAWHA,Camp Dickinson, October 25, 1861.

His Excellency the SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: General Floyd has been informed by the officer in charge of the post at White Sulphur Springs that one John B. [Felix S.] Odell, a Union man and traitor, who was arrested by his orders and sent with others to Richmond as a prisoner has been released and send back to his home. Said Odell is notorious in Western Virginia as a man very dangerous to the Southern Confederacy and as one who has whenever he could do so given aid an comfort to the enemy. If evidence sufficient to convict him was not produced this is attributable to the fact that the general was not apprised of his trial, to the difficulty of collecting and sending witnesses at so great a distance, and not to his innocence. He begs leave to sumibt to your excellency that the discharge of such persons is attended not only with great danger to the cause in this portion of the State but renders the officers who arrest them liable to be shot down as an act of revenge and of retaliation. The general has exercised great caution in arresting citizens of the State upon the ground of alleged disloyalty to the cause and has done so only upon well-sustained charges. He feels confident that it is only necessary to call the attention of your excellency to the above facts in order to secure great care in the treatment of citizens sent to Richmond as unsound and dangerous to the public safety.

By order of Brigadier General John B. Floyd:

WM. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TEXAS MOUNTED RIFLES,Fort Brown, October 25, 1861.

DON ANDRES TREVINO,

Commanding Tamaulipas Troops in Reynosa.

SIR: I have been informed that you, or the forces with which you are acting, have in your possession and power the person of Colonel peter Nickles, a citizen of the Confederate States of America, and that you

