
six citizens of the State of Tennessee, and one a slave taken with his master at Wild Cat. All of them so far as we can ascertain were either taken in arms against the Confederate States or giving aid and comfort to our enemies. The Kentuckians we of course regard as prisoners of war, but can the Tennesseeans be looked upon in the same light? The general commanding desires to be informed as to the disposition he shall make of both classes of these prisoners.

Very respectfully,

POLLOK B. LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Manassas, November 14, 1861.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER,

Inspector-General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL: I send five civilians (prisoners) who have been in confinement at this post by order of the general commanding the Army of the Potomac-Peyton Hall, Isaac Hall, Ellibeck Hall, George Bayless and W. H. Hamet [mute]. The order received from Colonel Lay, inspector-general Army of the Potomac, says:

Major Boyle will forward the five men to Richmond, noting Bayless as a dangerous character, understood to have been specially active in communicating with the enemy, and the other four as persons whom it is not considered safe to have about our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CORNELIUS BOYLE,

Major and Provost-Marshal, Army of the Potomac.

FAYETTEVILLE, N. C., November 16, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America, Richmond.

SIR: The European Governments generally have by proclamation forewarned their respective subjects from participating in the war now in progress between the Confederate States of America and the United States, informing them if they do so it will be at their own peril; that their Government will consider all such subjects out of their protection, &amp;c., and liable to such punishment as may be inflicted upon them by those against whom they take up arms.

Now, sir, as the Army of the United States is being recruited and is already to a great extent composed of citizens of other Governments (not having been in the country long enough to be naturalized) I respectfully suggest to Your Excellency that an effectual way to stop this augmentation and prevent those Germans and other foreigners from aiding our enemies is to declare by proclamation that all foreign-born persons not legally naturalized in the United States found in arms aiding the said United Sates in the present war against the Confederate States will be onsidered as interlopers, and if taken will not be treated as legitimate prisoners of war but be subject to such punishment as the Congress of the Confederate Government may prescribe which should be death.

These suggestions are made and Your Excellency's better judgment can determine the policy of adopting them or no.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. MCRAE.

