
RICHMOND, VA., December 2, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

SIR: We desire to call the attention of the President to the case of Horatio Eagle, a political prisoner, confined in the jail of Henrico County. We are induced to interfere in his behalf because we are satisfied that he was induced to visit the neighborhood of Brady's Gate, in Hampshire County, where he was arrested, for the sole purpose of bringing to us a communication on important business in which we are deeply interested, and having no desire to interfere with the present difficulties. We understed, and having no desire to interfere with the present difficulties. We understand that Mr. Eagle has been examined by the Confederate commissioner, and suggest if no evidence was introduced to show that he was acting in the matter referred to from improper motives that he be released upon a pledge to procure the exchange of one of our prisoners in the possession of the Federal authorities; or if it is not considered proper to do so that he be allowed the limits of the city upon his parole not to leave which we feel confient will not be violated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. CAMDEN.

WM. L. JACKSON.

RALEIGH, N. C., December 2, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS BRAGG.

MY DEAR SIR: I am sure you will permit an old friend and admirer to mingle his sincre congratulations with those of thousands of toehrs on your call to the cabinet of President Davis. Long life and abundant honors and happiness be yours. You have won your honors nobley, and will wear them well everywhere and to the end add another to the stars in the cluster of North Carolina's diadem.

I am informed that some 250 of the Hatteras prisoners are on their way to Richmond for exhange. Pray let me interest you in favor of a most worthy man now and for many months being a prisoner of war at the State Fair Grounds, whose case is a very hard one, so as to get him released in the exchange. One word, one wish expressed by you in the better quarter will obtain his release. In fact he was wrongfully taken and improperly detained as a prisoner of war. I allude to Manuel C. Causten, M. D.,* of the city of Washington, an educated and polished Christian gentleman. Doctor Causten is the sole surviving son of an old acquintance of yours, James H. Causten, the French spoliation agent there resident. I here inclose a letter received from his father. I learn from it and the doctor that he is not and never was a soldier, nor bore arms in this or any other war; that he had for some years been the surgeon of the Washington commonly called the President's Mounted Guard, long before Abe Lincoln came there as President's, Mounted Guard, long before Abe Lincoln came there as President, and he was attached to the hospital, lately burnt down. About the commencement of this war he married a young wife, about fourteen miles from Washington, in Maryland, where he left her with her friends for a short time. On the night of his capture he paid her a visit alone, unarmed and unsuspecting danger. But a scouting party of Cnfederates visited the house, and finding him there tore him from the arms of his young wio Manassas; thence he was carried to Richmond where he was confined in jail, and afterwards in a tobacco factory, and thence he was sent here. At the camp here he has been useful to the sick soldiers, and only a few days ago but for him one of

---------------

*See report of E. J. Allen, p. 171 et seq.

---------------

