
the North Carolina volunteers would have lost his life. By an incautious handling of his musket the gun was fired and shot him through the body, and before Doctor Johnson could have been got there for his relief he would have bled to death. Doctor Causten promptly volunteered his aid and saved the man's life, desperately wounded as he was. If rightfully captured at first and detained as a prisoner of war he is among the earliest of the prisoners taken in this war, and his gentlemanly bearing which has won for him very general respect as well as the circumstances of his case entitle him to the favor I implore for him through your kindness. He will, and his old father will, and so will I, be everlastingly grateful to you for anything you can do for him.

One word concerning my poor old self. I am dying by inches, and we shall probably never meet again in this world, but I hope we shall in endless life and blessendness. My best wishes for your lady and family.

Ever truly, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH B. HINTON.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 18, 1861.

JOSEPH B. HINTON, Esq., Raleigh.

MY DEAR FRIEND: I have received a letter from my son, Manuel C. Causten, dated at Raleigh, August 1. He was a member of the President's Mounted Guard, and was made a prisoner at Seneca, Md., by a Virginia scouting party about the 1st of June last and sent to Richmond. At the time of his capture he was on a visit to his young wife, and betrayed by a false friend. He was taken from her house at night and not in arms, nor is there any special accusation against him. It now appears that he has been removed from Richmond to Raleigh, and is now there sick, and I suppose in want, and having no channel to send him supplies, I have concluded to request my old and fast friend J. B. Hinton to see him and supply all his wants in money, clothing, &amp;c., and to favor me with a report of case and of the expeditures for his use, so that I may promptly r the same.

A fond father's heart dictates this hastily written letter, and offers to you in advance his profound thanks.

God bless you, my dear friend,

JAMES H. CAUSTEN.

LITTLE ROCK, December 3, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I dispatched the President recently (November 28) advising him of the arrest of citizens of Arkansas who had entered into a conspiracy against the South. No answer. Twenty-seven of them are in jail here awaiting trial. Sixty have been arrested in Searcy County and 47 in Izard. The citizens have permitted them to volunteer. A portion sent to McCulloch, others to Colonel Borland, commanding this course. We decline unless sanctioned by yourself or the President. If sent to the army at all our opinion is they should go South.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor and President.

