
RICHMOND, VA., December 5, 1861.

Governor H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock:

It is not possible at this distance and with imperfect knowledge of the facts to give directions about the parties arrested. You must use your best judgment in acting on the information before you.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

Resolutions of confidence in our cause of war, and in the President, and in the Army.

Resolved, That we, the delegates of the people of North Carolina in convention assemble, entertain an indiminished confidence in the justice of the cause in which we have taken up arms, and we hold it to be the duty of the people of the Southern States to maintain and uphld that cause with all the means they can command.

Resolved, That in behalf of the people of North Carolina we declared to our sister States of this Confederacy and to the world that no measure of loss, no ascrifice of life or property, no privation or want shall cause us to shrink from the peformance of our whole duty in the achievement of our indpendence.

Resolved, That from the cruel and barbarous manner in which our enemies have carried on this war-a war in which aged and disgnified men and helpless women have been seized and without accusation or warrant or authority cast into prison; in which private property has been wantonly destroyed; in which robbery and arson are principal means of aggression, and in which servile insurrection has been proclaimed, we are convinced that there is a "radical incompatibility" between such people and ourselves; and from them our separationis final, and for the indpendence we have asserted we will acept no alternative.

Resolved, That we have full confidence in the widom, integrity and patriotism of the President of the Confederate States, and we congratulate him and our whole country upon the sucess with which he has administered the Government.

Resolved, That to the officers and soldiers who have gone forth to meet the dangers of this war we are under a deep debt of gratitutde for the valor and fortitude with which they have defended us from the assaults of our enemies and illustrated the glory of our arms.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to our Representatives in Congress with a request that they be communicated to His Excellency the President of the Confederate States of America, and to Congress.

Passed and ratified in open convention the 6th day of December, A. D. 1861.

W. H. EDWARDS,

President of the Convention.

JAMES H. MOORE,

Secretary of the Convention.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, December 10, 1861.

SYDNEY S. BAXTER, Esq., Richmond.

DEAR SIR: In pursuance of our conversation of last evening I now address you with the request that you will give your services to

