
States' Rights, looking upon their exercise as nothing more nor less than treason against the General Government, and if I am in error I owe it to the teaching of my late venend I must certainly say that the impressions of early life confirmed as they were by the reflections of maturer years have not been effacted by the experience of age. You, sir, may rest assured that whatever may be the personal consequences these sentiments will only end with my life, for I should basely betray my own convictions to give utterance to opposite ones. Cannot you call and see me? A visit would be very acceptable. If you can please do so at your earliest convenience.

Respectfully,

EDWARD TAYLOR.

RICHMOND, December 16, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: A man by the name of L. M. Rowley, late a resident of Florida, was taken up about a month since on suspicion of being disloyal and sent to Montgomery where he is now confined in jail. He has appealed to me to have his case investigated, denying as I understand him the allegation. I most respectfully ask of you the appointment of some person to act as commissioner in his case.

Your obedient servant,

JACKSON MORTON.

[Indorsement.]

JOYNES: Write to Governor Shorter to do me the favor to have this case investigated by some dicreet person, &amp;c.

J. P. B.

RICHMOND, VA., December 17, 1861.

Captain R. P. ARCHER,

Assistant Quartermaster, West Point, Va.

SIR: You will have to provide fuel for he disaffected persons held in custody at West Point. The regulation allowane has strictly no application to them, and if from the tneder age of some of the children accompanying adult persons or from the exposed character of the building in which they are confined you find it necessary to exceed the usual allowance of fuel you have authority to do so.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Regiment TEXAS INFTY., PROVISIONAL ARMY,Fort Brown, December 18, 1861.

Major SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Texas, Galveston, Tex.

SIR: It is with mortification that I find it my duty to report the escape of the prisoner-against whom I forwarded by the last mail charges and specifications for desertion-from the guard house of this garrison last night, together with another prisoner confined for theft. An opening was made through the weather-boarding of the inner guard room where they were confined, and it is stated that they escaped through this opening.

