
known of this man Lloyd in the Department. Should you desire it I will forward such of his statements here to me and others which subject him to grave suspicion. If he be a spy and in communication with the enemy it is obvious that the less publicity given no measures to insure his detection the more certain will be the result.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. S. ROCKWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Georgia Volunteer Regiment, C. S. Army, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

General WINDER:

Do you know anything of this man?

[J. P. BENJAMIN.]

[Second indorsement.]

Mr. Alvin Lloyd is on record in the police book as a suspicious person and was under observation while here at the Exchange Hotel. He left here for New Orleans. I am satisifed he ought to be viewed with great suspicion. He is supposed to be a reporter for newspapers.

JNO H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Third indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President in anwer to his call. The War Department has taken no other action in the case.

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Let the prisoner be informed of the report of his case as presented within.

J. D.

PRISON, Numbers 3, December 20, 1861.

SIR: I and my sons are prisoners here at Richmond. We were taken the 1st of September in Fairfax County. I had a good property in Fairfax. The Southern troops have taken all my personsl property and I am left desolate. I am formerly from New York. I have friends and relations there that will supply my wants and I and my sons wish to be released as aliens.

Yours,

JOHN TURNER.

LEESBURG, VA., December 27, 1861.

General WINDER:

I send you six tories with the affidavits against them. The names of the men are: Joseph L. Grubb, Armstead Magaha, William Smith, Isaac Slater, Emanuel Rouse and William Working. As the evidence is against them I strust that they may not be allowed to return home. The people of Loudoun are afraid of them and much mischief would result from their release. The two Yankee prisoners, August Williams

89 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

