
and Thomas Pryor, were taken with stolen property-horses and poultry-in their possession. I hope they will be dealt with as marauders and not as prisoners of war. Our party report the killing of six besides the capture of these seven.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -It may be proper to except Working from the class of those who are regarded as dangerous. He is thought to be a harmelss but timid man. He has, however, incurred the penalty of disloyalty by going over to the enemy.

D. H. H.

CAMP THREE MILES FROM PAINTSVILLE, KY.,

December 30, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL: * * * I have directed civic administration to be instituted in the counties along this frontier upon the basis of allegiance to the Confederate States. This must force an issue at once or will transfer the people, for it is impossible that when magistrates, constables, sheriffs, clerks, recorders and judges are sworn in under the provisional government and reneues are collected by our officers another system can occupy the same space at the same time.

I sent to Pound Gap as a prisoner one Doctor Chilton and have him there in custody. He ought to have been shot, for he is one of the very worst men in this country and has been a scourge to our friends. I propose to send my prisoners to Pound Gap, where the battalion stationed there can easily guard them and the winds of the Cumberland Heights can ventilate them properly. I have a long house erected there for their especial accommodation. Mr. Chilton is the only tenant as yet. Mr. Diltz would have been better there I fear than at large. One Mr. Filson (a deputy U. S. marshal) ventured to Paintsville yesterday and I had him arrested last night but have not seen him yet. He is represented as bold and sagacious, and is probably here as a spy from the interior. I shall look to his case after daybreak. * * *

I am, your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP HAGAR,

Three Miles from Paintsville, Johnson County, Ky., January 3, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, C. S. Army.

GENERAL: * * * The people hereabouts are prefectly terrified or apparently apthetic. I imagine most of them are Unionists, but so ignoarant they do not understand the question at issue. I suggest throught you to Governor Johnson to send me blank commissions for magistrates, sheriffs and constables, clerks and county judges so that civic order may be reinstituted; also to send a commission of circuit judge to Harvey Burns that courts may be holden at proper times.

