
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE CONGRESS,

January 13, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you officially that the Congress on this day (to wit, January13) adopted the resolution a ceritified copy of which is herewith transmitted:

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate to Congress by what authority and under what law citizens of Tennessee are imprisoned at Tuscaloosa or other points in the State of Alabama, and whether said prisoners or any portion of them have been transported beyond the limits of their own State without a trial, and whether in any instance the writ of habeas corpus has been suspended.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Secretary of the Congress.

[Indorsement.]

Secretary of War for report.

J. D.

Special report on case of W. H. Krantz.

[RICHMOND, VA.,] January 16, 1862.

Prisoner says he was born in Frederick County, Md. ; lived there till about 1851 when he moved to Loudoun County, Va., to take charge of the mill of J. B. T. Caldwell. In 1853 moved to the neighborhood of Fillmore, six miles from Midleburg. Says he did not vote on the question of secession; intended to vote for secession, but was absent on a visit to his monther in Maryland. Says he is a secessionist. Is exempt from military duty by ill-health; was exempted by order of court-martial. Says when the militia was called out he was absent on a visit to a cousin in Jefferson County whose name is Henry Dixon. Says during the summer he has been principally at home. Went to Maryland he thinks in August; went by Harper's Ferry. Forded the river at Harper's Ferry. Found no enemy there. Went to Frederick; no force of the enemy there; saw some scattering ones. On his return was stopped by the enemy's pickets, who would not permit him to cross the river. He went to several places and could not get across. He says those Southern men told him to wait, the Southern troops would soon be in Maryland. He waited three, four, or six weeks; then he ran the blockade. Crossed the river below Harper's Ferry. Met a friend who brought him over. Does nto remember the name of that friend. He was complaining of being stopped. This man took him aside, told him to wait till night and he would take him over. He took him over in a skiff. Says he left his horse with his mother. Says when he was at Frederick General Banks was once pointed out to him. Had no communication with any of the authorities of the enemy, civil or military. Denies he sent dispatches to Knoxville. In answer to questions he said Doctor Galleher represented himself to be a Northern man. Prisoner did not like to be bothered with Yankees. Does not remember what he told Galleher. Told him many stories to decoy him and have him arrested. Says he (prisoner) returned home in the latter part of September. Did not leave home to go any distance till he was arrested. Refers to the families of Benjamin Walker and Beaver to prove truth of this statement. Had no communication with anybody on the other side. On being asked if he had been offered a good place on the other side he said such an offer was made him in Jefferson. It was when Patterson's command was in Jefferson. When he was at his cousin's

