
RICHMOND, VA., January 20, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: Early in May, 1861, I heard of the action of the Confederate States on the coast of Africa where I was then doing duty in the U. S. Navy. I immediately on hearing of the stand taken by the South resigned my commission in the Navy, but was not able toleave the station. July 16 being afraid that my fomrer resignation had not been received I sent it in for the second time. On arriving in New York October, 12, 1861, I received the official communication from the Secretary of the U. S. Navy that my name had been stricken from the rolls of the Navy. An oath of allegiance to the United States, thence to Fort Warren. On the 10th of January I was offered a parole of thirty days to come south and endeavor to effect an exchange with a designated person, namely, D. Connelly, of New York Volunteers. It was also stipulated that if said exchange was not procured I should return to Fort Warren. I think it proper to state that I am not willing to accept this parole, and only did it after advice of many other older officers now prisoners in the fort. I am perfectly willing sooner than be an instrument of unfair exchange on part of the North to return to prison, however much I wish to do what is in my power for the good of the South.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. M. PAGE .

RICHMOND, VA., January 20, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

SIR: In consequence of the action of the Confederate States I resigned July 16, 1861, my commission as assistant surgeon in the U. S. Navy, at that time being on duty on board the U. S. sloop of war Saratoga, African Squadron. On arriving at New York October 12, 1861, I received a communinication from the U. S. Navy Department informing me that my name had been stricken from the rolls of the U. S. Navy. I was then confined in Fort Lafayette, and thence transferred October 30, 1861, to Fort Warren, from which place I was released January 10, 1862, on parole for thirty days to be exchanged for S. De Graw, New York Volunteers [Eighth New York State Militia], captured July 21 at Manassas, and now on parole in New York City. I respectfully request that Asst. Surg. C. S. de Graw be released from his parole in order that I may be placed in a position to offer my services to the Confederate States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. LINDSAY,

Of Greensborough, N. C.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 21, 1862.

Captain H. M. BELL, Staunton, Va.

SIR: Your letter of the 15th instant concerning the two prisoners, Brooks and Smith, has been received. If those men are not citizens of any one of the Confederate States they had better be tried before a military court. If on the other hand they are citizens of the Confed-

