
mation beneficial to the insurgents, and that I will return and surrender myself to the commanding officer at Fort Warren at the expiration of thirty days unless within that time Frederick E. Prime, captain of engineers, U. S. Army, be unconditionally released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, in which event I may consider myself discharged from my parole.

W. H. WARD.

Report of S. S. Baxter on cases referred back to him.

[RICHMOND, VA.,] January 29, 1862.

William H. Krantz. -I return the letter of H. W. Thomas and the letter of Krantz to President Davis, and the safe-conduct of General Evans given to Krantz. I also send in a letter received from Krantz and testimonials of his good conduct in prison. After examining and reflecting on these papers I cannot perceive they throw any new light on the case. In his examination Krantz stated he had written to President Davis asking a protection to go into Maryland, and stated mr. Caldwell said General Evans had given Mr. Caldwell a letter of protection for him. These papers shed no new light on character and objects of Krantz's visit to Maryland, or his communication with persons there, or on his conduct in Jefferson County while Patterson's army was there. The conversations with Doctor Galleher took place after the date of General Evans' protection. As well as I can recollect Doctor Galleher's testimony is with the first. After anxious reflection I do not see that these papers seem to change my views of Krantz's conduct as to justify any other recommendation than I have already made. *

In the case of William Working, heretofore examined, I submit a letter of Colonel J. L. Davis and two letters, one from Judge Ward, judge of the Virginia judicial circuit in which Working lives, and one from Mr. McDonald. Colonel davis says he can exhibit proof sufficient to execute Working as a spy. These proofs have not been exhibited to me and I cannot therefore report them. I believe Working was deeply involved in the efforts to induce the enemy to invade that part of Virginia, and I think Augustus pach can give testimony which will be material; but what other witnesses might be summoned I cannot say. I regret Colonel Davis' letter which was placed in the post-office only reached me last week. In reference to the letters of Judge Ward and Mr. McDonald I have to say they have not changed my opinion of the course that ought to be pursued with Working. But as it appears from Judge Ward's letter that Working promises full disclosures if his statements will not be used to his prejudice, and as he may give valuable information of the mode of the enemy's operations in that part of Virginia and in Eastern Kentucky, I will if approved by the Secretary examine him on condition that nothing stated by him on this examination and not stated before shall be used to his injury.

In the Pancoast case+ I send a letter written to the Honorable C. J. Faulkner by George L. Pancoast, and sent to me by Mr. Faulkner. I do not see that this letter throws any light on the case.

S. S. BAXTER,

Commissioner.

---------------

*See p. 1413 for Baxter's report on Krantz.

+See case of Pancoast, p. 1530 et seq.

---------------

