
RICHMOND, February 3, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: Some four or five weeks ago I had the honor of communicating to you a memorial of sundry persons now held at West Point as prisoners of war. That memorial set forth certain grivances and asked relief. Having heard nothing from the Department over which you preside in reference to that communication I respectfully request to be informed what action if any has been had on the said memorial and what expectation the said memorialists may longer indulge of having their condition corrected, and I have the honor to be,

Your most obedient servant,

A. JUDSON CRANE.

[Indorsement.]

Have inquired into the matter and find that they have been communicating with the enemy and cannot safely be discharged while our troops occupy the Peninsula.

[J. P. BENJAMIN.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, February 3, 1862.

A. J. CRANE, Esq., Richmond, Va.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 3rd instant the Secretary of War directs me to say that he has inquired into the matter to which you refer and finds that the persons held as prisoners at West Point have been communicating with the enemy and cannot safely be discharged while our troops occupy the Peninsula.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureauof War.

RICHMOND, February 5, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the pleasure to inform you that all the citizen prisoners now confined here have been examined except three waiting further proof and three who are to be exchanged. In the course of these examinations matters have come to my knowledge in relation to matters in Western Virginia which make me desire a brief conversation with the Secretary at such time as he may appoint.

Very respectfully,

S. S. BAXTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 8, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: Mr. W. H. Ward, late lieutenant, U. S. Navy, was released on parole for thirty days from Fort Warren on condition that within that time Captain F. E. Prime, U. S. Army, be sent to Fort Monroe. As Captain J. T. Drew, Second Vermont Regiment, had been offered for Mr. Ward this proposal was declined. I now find that the condition upon which Mr. Ward was released was made several days before my offer of Captain Drew and therefore he ought to return to Fort Warren unless Captain Prime is sent in his stead. As the exchange of Captain Prime for Mr. Ward is a fair one I will inform General Wool that Captain Prime will be sent to him as soon as he can arrive at this place,

