
for the ordinance of secession and I should suppose is as loyal and true as any man in the country.

Cornelius White is from the North. He has been living in Virginia for some twelve or fifteen years. He is the owner of a farm near the Court-House and is regarded by all who know him as a harmless, inoffensive man. He has frequently spoken to me of his position in reference to our present difficulties and he has uniformly declared that he regarded himself as indenitified with the South and that he would share its destiny. I remember that last summer whilst the army was in the neighborhood there was a general suspicion of the Northern men and this old man at my instance, with a view of releasing himself from suspicion, took the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States. I do not think that he would violate that obligation.

Mr. I. Wybert is from the North. He is the owner of a farm. Is a steady, industirous man and since he has been in Virginia, near some ten or twelve years, he has always borne the reputation of a good citizen and a reliable man.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

H. W. THOMAS.

[Indorsement.]

I have known the persons referred to by Mr. Thomas in the foregoing statement for some years. They all reside in the county of Fairfax and are owners of property there and are respectable men and good citizens. I had a conversation with Mr. Wybert last summer in which he stated that all his interests were in Virginia and that he would stand by the South. I concur generally in the statement of Mr. Thomas.

O. W. HUNTT.

ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA MILITIA, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 530. New Orleans, April 12, 1862.

I. Information having been given to the governor and commander-in-chief that secret meetings of disloyal men in the parishes of Natchitoches and Sabine, and that societies and clubs exist composed of citizens of those parishes who deny any coplicity in our present revolution but assert a desire to restore the Union and commit sundry other acts of disaffection and disloyalty to the present Government, Brigadier General John B. Smith, commanding the Tenth Brigade, will ascertain the chiefs among these men-those who have been conspicuous and diligent in enticing others into the snare and leading them on to the avowal of these treasonable schemes. He will cause the arrest of the ringleaders and send them to these headquarters under a sufficient guard, and will if deemed necessary try and properlypunish those who have been less active.

II. Major General John L. Lewis, commanding State militia, will issie an order to Brigadier General John B. Smith without delay.

By order of Thos. O. Moore, governor and commander-in-chief:

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.

SIR: You will cause the three French officers, De beaumont, Cypreini and Vifguerin, to be carried before the court of inquiry now in ses-

