HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, Tenn., May 8, 1862.

Mr. JOHN L. M. FRENCH, Chattanooga, Tenn.

SIR: Your favor of the 5th instant is to hand. The political prisoners you mention can be released under the consideration that they will each give a bond (a copy* of which I inclose you) signed by a good Southern man, provided such prisoner or prisoners have not heretofore taken the oath of allegiance to the Southern Confederacy. Of course you must require good Southern men to indorse the bonds and return same to these headquarters,Respectfully,

W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Office Provost-Marshal, May 11, 1862.

Honorable R. M. BARTON.

DEAR SIR: I shall issue a circular in a few days to deputy provost-marshals by order of the major-general commanding suspending the operation of the conscript bill in East Tennessee. I have an idea to order the deputy provost-marshal in every county or district to have a deputy in every civil district to administer the oath of allegiance at the coming judicial election. What do you think of it? Will not this enable us to see really who are with us and who against us?

Respectfully, your friend,

W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 13, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: You will dispose of the prisoners named as follows: J. W. Butler, to be turned over to Governor Letcher as a prisoner of the State of Virginia; J. Murphy, to be retaine as a prisoner; William Follyn, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance and volunteering; William Marsha, to be discharged upon taking oath of allegiance and volunteering; Coleman R. Brown, to be confided to his daughter on taking the oath of allegiance and on giving his parole not to go within the lines of the enemy, and transportation be furnished to his daughter and himself to his son's family; W. H. Churchill, to be permitted to volunteer; W. H. Hooper, to be permitted to volunteer; J. P. Mitchell, to be permitted to volunteer; A. Norton is a wagon maker, to be put to work as you or the Ordnance Bureau may approve; Matthias Spoo, to be permitted to volunteer; P. C. Staffey, to be permitted to volunteer; J. Wilson, to be permitted to volunteer; Evan Wilhill, inquiry to be made to ascertain his sentence; Charles Parrington, to be held as a prisoner of war; William Sherry, to be held as a prisoner; William Cruikshanks, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; John W. Cruikshanks, to be discharged, but he is subject to the conscription act; William Martin, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; Austin A. Rine, to be discharged upon taking the oath of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

