
allegiance; J. F. Cutlip, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; S. B. Cutlip, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance and volunteering; S. W. Cutler, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; J. Douglas, to be discharged; John Davis, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; G. W. Miller, to be sent to General Lee; Wickham Dixon, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance and to be employed as a shipbuilder; J. Owen, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and to be employed as a shipbuilder; Samuel Trader, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and to be employed as a shipbuilder; J. W. Dixon, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and to be employed as a shipbuilder; Michael Dixon, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; William Gladstone, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and to be employed as a carpenter or to volunteer; John Monroe, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; Samuel Gordon, to be turned over to Governor Letcher as a State prisoner; George Ryan, to be held as a prisoner; Joseph Snapp, to be permitted to volunteer; Peter Couse, to be held as a prisoner; Thomas N. Fisher, to be permitted to volunteer in the Eighth Virginia Regiment, where he has relations; Peter couse, to be held as a prisoner; Thomas N. Fisher, to be permitted to volunteer in the Eighth Virginia Regiment, where he has relations; William Stallins, to be permitted to volunteer; Daniel Hunt, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; Elias Love, to be held as a prisoner; John Rowzie, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; Samuel T. Walker, to be discharged on taking the oath of allgience; Daniel Watkins, to be held as a prisoner; William P. Speer, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and agreeing not to go to our lines or encampments; Isaac Wybert, to be held as a prisar Wren, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and agreeing not to go to any place in the vicinity of our camps; C. White, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; W. P. Flood, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; James E. McCabe, to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance; William Ayres, to be held as a prisoner of war; E. Githen, to be held as a prisoner of war; Daniel Paterson, to be held as a prisoner of war; B. F. Copeland, to be held as a prisoner of war; F. B. Coburn, to be held as a prisoner of war; John Hale, to be permitted to volunteer and to be turned over to Colonel Baldwin of Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers; John Beary, to be permitted to volunteer and turned over to Colonel Baldwin, &amp;c. ; John Swank, to be permitted to volunteer and turned over to Colonel Baldwin of Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers; John Beary, to be permitted to volunteer and turned over to Colonel Baldwin, &c. ; John Swank, to be permitted to volunteer and to be turned over to Colonel Baldwin of Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers; John Beary, to be permitted to volunteer and turned over to Colonel Baldwin, &c., John Swank, to be permitted to volunteer and to be turned over to Colonel Baldwin of Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers; Samuel berry, George W. Swisher, Albert Michael, James Jacobs, Charles Rodgers, J. Showalter, D. H. Myers, Samuel W. Hale, Jacob Neuwander, Mansseh Heatwoh, Henry M. Wanger, Jacob Quick, John Huff, Daniel Frame, S. Sawger, Rush rhodes, John Swisher, John McCulley, Jacob F. Semmes, James W. Pullen, Preston S. Humbert, Jacob Sinter, Jacob Wanger, to be permitted to volunteer and to be turned over to Colonel Baldwin of Fifty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers; C. H. Kellogg, to be placed on his parole not to give information of any kind of anything he may see here, to be permitted to have the liberty of the city under police surveillance.

Your obedient servant,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War.

90 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

