HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, OFFICE PROVOST MARSHAL,Knoxville, Tenn., May 13, 1862.

J. H. HUFF, Depot Agent, Red Clay, Ga.:

Citizens of your State wishing to visit any station on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad south of this place can do so upon your written certificate of their loyalty to the Confederate Government.

W. M. CHURCHWELL,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 15, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN H. WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico, Richmond, Va.

SIR: You will dispose of the prisoners named below as follows: Burnaham Davis, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; L. Garing, to be held as a prisoner; A. Heflin, to be discharged and employed as a carpenter if there be work for him; J. Light, to be hled as a prisoner; E. Lambert, to be discharged and sent to Colonel Baldwin on taking the oath of alleignace and be permitted to join some regiment in Jackson's brigade; James B. Lambert to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance; S. Morris, to be retained; Thomas Meeks, to be held as a prisoner of war; H. Powell, to be permitted to volunteer in the Tenth Virginia Regiment on taking the oath of allegiance; William C. Smith, to be held as a prisoner; George Young, to be held as a prisoner; Henry Yancey, to be discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance and pledging upon his parole of honor not to visit out frontier until the conflict is over; L. C. Mains, to be hled as a prisoner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, May 19, 1862.

Colonel W. M. CHURCHWELL, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: As per your order of the 13th instant I proceeded to Madison, Ga., and rleeased the prisoners whose signatures asre appended to the oath I herein* hand you. My instructions were to "release no man who had before taken the oath; " and to discriminate between those that had or had not taken the oath, I had this oath administered to them:

That you shall make true answers to the questions I shall ask your having taken an oath to support the constition of the Confederate States of America. So help you God.

I then asked them if they had taken said oath and in every case was answered in the negative. As soon as they had all taken and signed the oath as per orders I turned them all over to Mr. T. J. Jarnagin. In looking over my list I found that several were never there, several are dead, and some have volunteered; and I would advise that a statement be made by Captain Calhoun of all the prisoners that are or have been there-when released and by whose order. I find also their sanitary condition to be extremely bad. There are a great many sick and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

