
no physician to attend them that is at all skilled. My expeditures on the road amounted to $8. I consulted with the prisoners before their release but could find out nothing important enough to include in this report.

The above report, colonel, is respectfully submitted.

H. M. BEARDEN,

Lieutenant, Company D, Thirty-ninth North Carolina Troops.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 21, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: You will dispose of the prisoners named below as follows: Henry Yancey to be retained as a prisoner; Wyatt, Romines and Levins to be released in exchange for the following citizens of Kanawha County who are now on parole and threatened to be rearrested if Wyatt, 7c., are not discharged: Alexander T. Laidly, J. D. W. Clarkson, R. W. Clarkson, John P. Anderson, Perry A. Groves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Memoranda of Various Political Arrests-From Reports of Confederate Commissioners.

J. Allison Eyster. -He is a Pennsylvania and a resident of Chambersburg. He is a wealthy merchant, well known in Baltimore; addicted sometimes to intemperance. He voted for Lincoln, but declares that he was entirely opposed to the war. He acted as a sutler in some sort to Patterson's army, selling it a large amount of goods on account of which there is till due to him he says about $11,000, to collect which he says he followed that army into Virginia, where he was arrested at the instance of his connection, Jonas Chamberlin, of Frederick County, whose affidavit is herewith returned. Chamberlin says that Eyster came to his house very drunk, and came into Virginia in a drunken frolic under Patterson's pass. I see no reason to detain Eyster unless as a hostage for the safety of our people who are in the hands of the enemy.

Thomas Roberts. -He was a membr of the Wheeling Convention of May, 1861. He is impenitent, and say that he will not now take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States. He ought to be turned over to the Stae authorities to be tried for treason against Virginia, or indicted in the Confederate court at Richmond for treason against the Confederate Government. The first would perhaps be the safest course.

A. H. Lee. -He was arrested in Maryland as a spy and sent over at Mathias Point. He is by birth a Northern man. His wife he says was born in Virginia near Occoquan. After much cross-examination and evasion on his part he finally confessed that he was in the pay of the Lincoln Government as a painter in the navy-yard at $40, and was sent by Captain Dahlgren down to Port Tobacco, in Maryland, to look around and report as to persons and things crossing at Mathias Point to Virginia. He ought to be detained.

