
Solomon Banks. -A free negro of very light complexion; was arrested near Bethel on the day on the battle. He says that he just returned from Pig's Point were he had been at work on the fortifications; denies all complicity with and sympathy with the enemy, and says that he supposes he was taken for a white man. There is nothing before me to attach any suspicion to him except the mere fact of his arrest and commitment, and I recommend his discharge unless some further evidence be adduced against him.

Arnold Harris. -The Government is in possession of the main facts of his case. Nothing new appeared before me except some testimony confimatory of the truth of the declarations of Harris that he is entirely loyal to the South in which he was born. His family and connections are in Kentucky. Upon the evidence before me I recommend his discharge as an act of justice as well as policy.

H. Magraw. -The Government is in possession of the facts of his case also for the most part. The additional testimony before me consisted, first, of the statements and delcarations of the prisoner that he is now and always has been a Democrat of the Southern school; alsways opposed to Lincoln and his party and their principles; a justifier of the right of secession and of the exercise of it by the Southern States, and the opponent at all times of coercion. The Honorable Howell Cobb,-Clayton and Robert Tyler, esqrs., were summoned before me and examined at the instance of the prisoner, and they all testified strongly and without qualification in favor of the high personal character of the prisoner and in confirmation of his statements. Mr. Tyler's testimony came down to a very late period before he was driven from Pennsylvania. The prisoner now declares that it was his purpose to return to his native State of Maryland toreside and that he will not live under the Northern Government, and adds that if his imprisonment can in any manner benefit the Southern cause is willing to continue in confinement. He was a contractor for transportation under Mr. Buchanan, and his contract was renewed by General Joseph E. Johnston while he was acting as Quartemaster-General of the United States after the election of Lincoln. I recommend the discharge of Mr. Magraw.

Ruel Thomas and leander Mank. -Common laborers who have been employed for several years in getting timber on the Pamunkey and Mattapony Rivers in Virginia for Yankee employers. They are Yankees from Maine and were arrested on the Rappahannock on the way home, as they say. One of them seems to be a shrewd fellow. Their employer has been eprmitted to go home, they say, by way of Nashville since they have beenin prison, but he was ignorant of their confinement. No actof impropriety is alleged [against] the prisoners, and I see no reason for their detention unless the Government chooses to detain them as hostages. If discharged they should be paroled.

O. C. Staunton. -A deserter from Mott's U. S. artillery which he says he joined in Baltimore because he heard it was coming into Virginia, and he could thus cross the lines and then desert. That company was stationed, however, at the north end of the Chain Bridge and did not come into Virginia, and he deserted across the eastern Branch of the Potomac and go to Mathias Point, where he crossed into Virginia

