
He professes entire loyalty and denies that he ever had any communication with the enemy directly or indirectly.

John H. Larhborne. -Native of Berkeley; proor; nearly blind; was educated by the State; charged with abusing a pass and carrying a letter to some person in Maryland. He says that the letter was from his sister to her husband, a mechanic in Maryland. He professes entire loyalty; says that he is grateful to Virginia for his education, and would join the army if he was not blind.

Charles Walker. -A native of England; twenty-two years old; arrived in New York in May and went to Old Point as the groom of Colonel Allen. Upon the Queen's proclamation asked to be discharged; was refused, and escaped. He was arrested, brought to Richmond, and discharged; went to work in Crenshaw's factory; broke his arm, and when well went to Gloucester point to join the Fayette Artillery, and was arrested; wishes now to join the army.

Peter L. Anderson. -Forty years of age; native of Greenbrier County, Va. ; a married man; farmer, with four children; owns 336 acres of land; arrested at his home in Fayette County. No charge; no proof. Professed entire loyalty, and if guilty of anything, it was desertion from the militia under Colonel Beckley.

William Warkup. -Native of Greenbrier County, Va. ; married man; farmer, owns 100 acres of land. No charge; no proof; professes entire loyalty; says he was arrested because he expressed the opinion that the Confederate troops then in the Valley of the Kanawha would be driven out (as they were).

Jesse Fuller and Alexander Fuller. -Brothers; twenty-four and twenty-two years old; native of Montgomery County; were arrested in Fayette, where they reside. Have a wounded brother in the hospital at Charleston, Va., and had been to see him, and were returning home when arrested. They profess entire loyalty. No charge; no proof of anything.

Hardman Dickens. -Native of Raleigh County; no charge; no proof; professes loyalty. The foregoing nine men ought in my opinion to be discharged, and I respectfully suggest that a general order be issued for bidding suspected persons to be brought to Richmond until they have been examined by a colonel at least, who, if he sends them on, shall certify the charge and the evidence. At present the practice is for any scouting party or other party of soldiers to take a man from his home, very often without telling him, and without examination he is sent to Richmond, in some cases a distance of 350 miles, without even a change of clothing, and when the poor creatures are discharged here they are utterly penniless. Such a practice is as it seems to me wholly unjustifiable. It subjects the Government to great unnecessary expense and tends to produce dissatisfaction among the people. I would further suggest that the order should also apprive these people that giving or selling supplies to the enemy or giving them information is treason, and when one is arrested on such a charge and there if proof of it let him be sent to the jail in the district in which he is to be tried. The War Department will thus be saved much trouble, the Government much expense and the people protected from oppression.

