
the officer commanding at Gloucester Point requests that they should not be allowed to depart via Fortress Monroe and it is possible there is good reason for it. At least I would pay so much respect to his request, and to make the execution of the order sure I recommend that the man only be allowed to return to Gloucester for his goods.

W. H. Byrd. -I have finally considered this case most carefully and I am satisfied that Byrd is a wholly unreliable person who would dispose of himself to the best advantage to either Government. Since the war and as late as the 21st of August last he held the office of Auditor of the Railroad Department of the War Department of the Lincoln Government, which seems to have been a confidential and lucrative office. This was treason in a native of Georgia, who does not profess to have expatriated himself. He came to the south under a Lincolnite pass, with a similar pass to carry him back (to and from Louisville) describing him as detailed on special service by Secretary Cameron. He seeks to repel the conclusion made by these facts by the allegation that he held the office in order to get money to come to the South; that he fled secretly and fraudeulently from Washington and came here with a view to communicate important informationt to the Government. The President informs me that he communicated nothing of importance to him, and a doubt is suggested as to the indetity of Byrd with the Auditor Byrd. I do not think that he has capacity enough to do much mischief, but if he is the man he represents himself to be the enemy entertained a much higher idea of his capacity and may therefore have made use of him. The question presented by his case is one of bone fides or not. If he makes out the bone fides of course he is exculpated, but if he fails his case is a bad one. I am not satisfied of the bone fides. I recommend therefore that Byrd be sent back to Augusta, Ga., with directions to the district attorney to submit his case to the next grand jury, sending with him the evidence now here. He will there have the benefit of a "jury of the vicinage," while the Government will have the guaranty of a fair hearing before a Southern community, although Byrd's father formerly resided there. If he is innoncent he will be ignored by the grand jury, and if guilty farily tried and punished. If not actually guilty bted those people will drive him out.

Edward Taylor. -He is a native of Faifax County, Va. Resident at the commencement of the war in Cincinnati. He went from his home to washington, and from Washington he came out to the field of Manassas and was captured at Centreville. He says that he came to look at the fortifications on the Potomac, and see his relations near Alexandria. But the testimony before me ascertains that in Cincinnati he was one of the most violent and apprently vindictive of our assailansts, giving in every way that he could aid and comfort to the enemy. His brother, Colonel Taylor, who commands at Culpeper Court-House, repudiated him last summer shortly after his capture. His case is like that of Ely's or worse. If he has never expatriated himself he is a traitors; if he has he is another Ely.

Julius Fridle. -Of Cabell County, Va. ; arrested by Colonel Clarkson. Prisoner was born in Germany. Has lived in Cabell since 1854. Is a Union man. Voted against the secession oridnance but has not voted for or sustained the United States Government since. Desired to be neutral and quiet; did not vote at any election held by authority of

