
her home port and reached Nassau, New Providence, early in september. From thence she cleared for Saint John, New Brunswick, as an English vessel under an English register with English, Confederate and Palmetto flags on board. On September 6 she was captured off Stono Inlet by boats from the U. S. war steamer Flag, Captain L. C. Sartori, and sent to Baltimore for condemnation, where she and her cargo have recently been forfeited for breaking the blockade.

It was alleged at the port of the claimants that the Adelaide had been sold in Nassau because she was unseqworthy, and that one Joseph Roberts was the purchaser; and that he changed her name and took out a British register. The sale, change of name and register were all the part of a contrivance, and it is difficult to resist the conviction that the registrar, Mr. F. Whitley, was cognizant of the schooner's destination and prostituted his official positions in aid of the enterprise.

If it be desirable to establish the complicity of the officers of the English Government with measures in aid of the violation of the blockade it is not unlikely that the district attorneys of Philadelphia and New York may be in possession of information similar to this, and our consul at Nassau in this very case might discover facts corroborating my views of the conduct of the registrar.

I am, sir, yours, very respectfully,

WM. MEADE ADDISON,

U. S. Attorney.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, November 21, 1861.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,Commanding Expedition to Eastern Shore.

GENERAL: Ascertain if possible the parties who committed the depredations referred to in your letter and order and send them back as directed in irons. If you have any thieves with you get rid of them as soon as possible. I wish the troops to be sent back here as soon as they can be spared. * * * Captain Knight thought two companies would be sufficient to told the two counties. I would be glad to have your view s on the subject. My impression was that it would be advisable to have 500 men in each county. The force in Northampton at Eastsville, with a detachment of a few men from each to take care of the light at Cape Charles and Pungoteague. Early arrangements should be made to cover these troops for the winter, and as soon as you see what may be needed please advise me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 21, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER U. S. FORCES, Cape Girardeau, Mo.

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that General Jeff. Thompson took from the Platte Valley on Tuesday and has now confined in New Madrid two men named William McMillan and James Merkle. These men are citizens of Illinois and were employed in Memphis before the commencement of this war, and had

