
arrested. No cause for his arrest is known to him. Examined Coleman and Mr. Donald, but they do not know him well enough to throw any light on his case. They do not know what character he bears. The prisoners in his examination seemed to be frank and candid and his statement is corroborated by the permission signed by Captain Richmore. I recommend his discharge.

William Wills. -Says he has lived in Raleigh eighteen years. Does not know for what he is arrested. Had nothing to do with the Northern army of the Union men. Says he has always been a secessionist. Says he was a member of the Methodist Church, but when the rupture of that church took place he quit the church because the preachers all adhered to the North. Colonel Coleman and Mr. McDonald can give no information about him. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

J. Massey. -I have nothing to act on bu this man's statement. He says he is a Southern man; never had anything to do with the Northern army or the Union men. He appears to be a fair and candid man. Colonel Coleman and Mr. McDonald can give no information about him. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Peter Miller. -Was born in Canton, State of New York; removed to Ohio when young. Came to Virginia first as a volunteer last spring with the Northern army. Says he was only a three months' volunteer. At the expiration of his time went back to Ohio and returned to Virginia to avoid being called into service. Came to Point Pleasant, and went up to Charleston, Kanawha, while Lee's army was there Staied there a week. Boarded part of the time with one Snyder; the rest of the time witha man whose name he does not know. Paid no board. No bill was asked for or presented. Did nothing there. From Charleston he says he went to Peytona in Boone County. Staid there twoo weeeks. Boarded with a man named Sam Allie; did nothing; paid no board. Says no, there were no Northern troops at Peytona. From Peytona went with the Northern troops to Raleigh. From Raleigh went to Wyoming County. Staid there some time with Jasper Workman. Did nothing there; paid no board; was not charged any. There he borrowed a horse to go to Peytona to get a pair of boots and was arrested by a party of militia on the road going there. Does not know for what. I examined Colonel Coleman and Mr. McDoandl. They testified Peytona was a town in Boone settled by Yankees and Germans in which a company was raised for the Northern army just before the Northern troops went to Raleigh, and that jasper Workman had the character of a disaffected and dangerous man. Mr. McDonald further testified that he was informed by Captain Pach that he had arrested a Captain or Lieutenant Miller. Miller was raising a company of volunteers for the Northern [army], and they wee surprised while forming. Miller attempted to escape up a mountain and was shot while making this attempt. Was captured, and a valuable pistol taken from him, [and] a very valuable black horse borrowed in Wyoming. A quantity of letter paper and envelopes were found on his person. On re-examination Miller admitted he was wounded in the side, and admitted some envelopes and paper and a black horse were taken from him. Colonel Coleman and Mr. McDonald have both heard that while in Wyoming Miller was attempting to find out the position and strength of our forces. I think this man is certainly a Northern emissary and spy. His manner under examination was confused and

