
his statements contradictory. I recommend he be tried by the military authorities as a spy, and as the testimony can be most easily procured at General Floyd's camp I suggest he be sent there for trial. If not tried or if acquitted I advise he be held as a prisoner.

Charles Arundel. -Prisoner says he was born in Fairfax County, Va. Was arrested by orders of Colonel Robinson. Prisoner keeps tavern. Has a blacksmith shop and is a farmer. Never was in enemy's lines. Had had no communication with them. Was in Washington last January. Has not been there since. Did not know for what he was arrested. Was told by ex-Governor Smith who interested himself in his case that he was charged with selling whisky to our soldiers. Says he never did so. Picket was stationed, the officer and men took their meals with him, but he never sold spirits to the men. He was an original secessionist. Voted for seccesion from the beginning. At the last election of Confederate States went to Prince William to vote for Davis as President and for William Smith for Confederate Congress. Has a son in the Confederate army. Colonel Brawner and Mr. Thomas state prisoner is a man of good character, and was always a secessionist. I recommend the discharge of this man. H. W. Thomas, senator, and Colonel Brawner, representative from Fairfax, Prince wiliam County, proves he is a secessionist. Always voted the Southern ticket and voted for secession. Has procured provisions and forage for our troops, and has done blacksmith work for them. I recommend his discharge.

Samuel Bays. -Born in Fayette County, Va. Lived some time in Boone County, and returned to Fayette last spring. Offered to vote for secession in May last, but his vote was rejected because he had not been in the country twelve months. Has always been a Southern rights man. Was probably arrested because there was a general removel of the citizensin the rear of General Floyd's army. Bays' brother-in-law was in the army. He is a man of good character, and of a family sound in the Confederate cause. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance. Witnesses, Colonel Coleman, W. Atchison.

Isaac Williams. -Aged fifty-one. Born in Giles County, moved to Fayette. Says he was arrested by Caskie Rangers when he was going to mill. Does not know for what cause. Says he supposes he was charged with being a Union man. Denies he was a Union man. Admits he voted against secession but says he did not know then the Union was broken. Says as soon as he understood the Union was broken he stood by the State of Virginia and the South. Man of good character. Opposed Peirpoint's government. Witness, Coleman. I recommend Williams' discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Stewart Armstrong. -Born in Greenbrier. Moved to Fayette when he was a boy. Twenty-five years old now. Voted against secession, but turned when he heard the Union was broken; supported the South. Is opposed to the Federalist Never saw the Yankee army or had any communication with them. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. Fair character. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

John Hanaher. -Boy of sixteen. Lives with his father and was arrested at home in the absence of his parents. Says his father is a

91 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

