
Methodist connected with the Southern Church. Has had no connection with the enemy in any way. Mr. Coleman says the general impression is his father is connected with the Northern Church, but since secession may have changed. This boy's examination is not satisfactory, but as no connection with the enemy appears I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance. Witness, Coleman.

John Deekens. -Says he was born in Grayson County, Va. Has lived in Raleigh since he was ten years; old; now forty-nine. Does not know for what he is arrested. Think s it was from malice of his enemies. Never saw a Yankee. When he heard they were going to Raleigh he took to the woods. Helped to support the families of the Southern volunteers. Worked for them and divided his grain with them. Was not called on to do more. Voted against secession, but says it was an ignorant vote and that he repended and struck to the State of Virginia when she went out of the Union. I recommend this man to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

Isaac Motes. -Born in Rockingham County, Va. Says he does not know for what he is arrested. Was arrested when going to get salt. Staid all night on Cahan at Jack Pear's. Was arrested next morning. Saw the Yankees on the road from Raleigh. Voted against secession, but says he holds to the disunion party. admits he has two sons in the Northern army. Two others went to Ohio this summer. I cannot recommend the discharge of this man. I think he is a dangerous man and ought not to be released while the country is in possession of the enemy.

Isaac Motes, Jr. -Fifteen years old, son of the above. Talks very indistrinctly; so badly that I could not understand him without the aid of his father. He was arrested at the same time with his father. He is dressed in a U. S. uniform which he says his brother gave him. I cannot recommend his discharge. His father and himself may be hostages for the good conduct of his brothers who are now in arms against us.

F. Stover. -Aged sixteen. Born in Raleigh. Says he is Southern. Does not know why he was arrested. Has two brothers in Captain Adams' company, Floyd's brigade, Captain Adams recruited several men in his neigborhood beside his brothers. Saw Captain Caskie's Rangers several times in his neighborhood. Never saw the Yankees. Says his father voted the secesion ticket. Colonel Coleman proves his father was a man of good character and reputed to be Southern. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William McKinney. -Says he was born in South Carolina and came to Richmond with the soldiers. He was reported to me as deranged, and on examination I find him to be so. I am satisfied he is unable to take care of himself. He is nearly naked and in every respect an object of charity. I recommend he be sent to some of the asylums for the insane in Virginia as soon as it can be done and in the meantime he be properly clothed and taken care of.

Samuel Pach. -Prisoner says he was born in Lawrence County, Ky., and moved to Wayne County, Va. He says he was arrested by Captain Withcer on suspicion of being a Union man. Denies he is a Union man.

