
Says he is with the South. Affirms he never had any connection with the Northern army or the Union men of Kentucky or his own neighborhood. He lives near the Kentucky line on the Sandy River. I can procure no information about him and judging from his conduct under examination I should think he was an hones man. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

George Pach. -Prisoner says he was born in Giles County, Va. Removed to Lawrence County, Ky., and then to Wayne County, Va. Is the uncle of Samuel Pach. Lives near Sandy, across from Louisa, Ky., and about twenty-eight miles distant on Twelve Pole River from that town. Says he voted for members of the convention held at Richmond and never voted since. Is a Southern man. Never had anything to do with the Union men of Kentucky or of hi neighborhood. Says some of his neighbors went to Ceredo and got arms from Zeigler. He remostrated against it at the beginning of bloody times at home. Took the part of the South. I have no information in reference to this man except from his own examination and his manner creates some doubt in my mind of his sincerity. But heis a very old man (near seventy) and his health much broken by his confinement. He is willing to take the oath of allegiance. I recommend he be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

Robert White. -Citizen of Fayette. A feeble old man of seventy, incapable of doing mischief. Says he is a Southern man. Never had anything to do with the Yankees or the Union men. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. I recommend his discharge. Proved to be a man of good character.

George W. Fox. -Born in Nelson County, Va. Lived in Fayette for twenty-five years. Says he does not know for what he was arrested. Taken to Floyd's camp at Gauley just before the battle of Carnifix Ferry. Was under guard across the river during the battle. Voted for secession and says he is a secession man. Never had anything to do with Yankees or Union men. Mr. Alderson proves he is a man of good character. All the votes at Fox precinct were for secession, but does not know whether Fox votes. Mr. McLaughlin proves Fox a man of good character and was understoood to be a secessionist. Says May, a noted scout in that country, told him Fox had agreed to give him thirty bushels of corn if he would kill fifteen Yankees. I recommend his discharge.

James Kincaid. -Born in Fayette; moved to Nicholas last March. Arrested by some of the Wise Legion who called him a Union man. Says he is a volunteer in Captain Newman's company. Floyd's bigade, Colonel McCausland's regiment. Says he was taken sick and permitted to go home. On his recovery he went with the militia to Cotton Hill and remained there eighteen days. He then started to join Floyd's brigade; was arrested on his way. He is now hoarse from his sickness but expresses a desire to join his company. Mr. Robinson, the prosecuting attorney at Nicholas, proves him to be a man of good character, and he knowshe volunteered in Newman's company. The man appears to be honest and candid. I suggest he be released from prison and be sent to his company.

