
quently very imperfect. He represented himself to be a secessionist and firmly friendly to our cause. Colonel Brawner proves he was a man of good character, friendly to the South, and who voted for the President of the Confederate States and member of the Confederate Congress. This man is in such feelbe health that his longer confinement will endanger his life. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William Weston. -Sent with the three above-named men. Says he was born in Fairfax County, Va. Is twenty-seven years old. In June last went to Washington as a hand on board the Lady of the Lake, a boat owned either by Samuel Dentz or Silas Dentz. Silas Dentz, son of Samuel dentz, was captain. The boat was loaded with wood, twentysix or twenty-seven cords, a full load. The prsoner says the boat was loaded at Accotink Mills. He was there and went up the see his sister who was married to James Water, of Washington, intending to bring her back. Dents said it was the last trip he would make. Prisoner says he was taken sick and remained in Washington two months. He then left in company with F. Magruder. Magruder bought a skiff in which he and Magruder escaped from Washington, In nine days after his return he was arrested. Daniel Regan was a hand on board the boat. Prisoner says he had mustered in Pohick Church in May with some of the home guards, Burk commanding. In this case May with some of the home guards, Burk commanding. in this case the trip of the prisoner to Washington in the latter part of June and his remaining there for two months properfly subjected him to suspicion and I cannot at present recommend his discharge. But the subsequent examination of F. Magruder satisfied me Weston was sick, and anxious to escape from Washington and I therefore recommend his discharge.

Joseph Plaskett. -Born in England. Lived in Fairfax nearly eight years. Has remained closely at home since the war began. Has only once in ten weeks been to mill. Says he is friendly to the Southern cause. Gave one valuable horse to a Fairfax company of cavalry; another impressed for the Southern army. Has had no communication of any kind with the enemy. Mr. Hunt and Mr. Thomas proved him to be a man of good character. I recommend his dischaerge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Elias Beach. -Says he was born in Fairfax. Lives two miles and a half from Occoquan within our lines. Passed our lines once to go to mill at Accotink. Has had no communication with the enemy. Has not been to Alexandria since the middle of June, when he went to bring from Alexandria the cousin of his wife, Alfred Beach. Alfred Beach was a soldier in the Confederate service. Messers. Hunt and Thomas proved him to be a man of good character. I recommend his discharge.

Fielding Magruder. -Prisoner says he was born in Charels County, Md. Removed to the city of Washington in the year 1830. Was engaged there in keeping a wood and lumber yard. Twelve years ago he purchased land in Virginia on Occoquan Bay. Three years ago he started a steam saw-mill on this land and fixed his own residence there, going up to Washington every three or four weeks on Saturday night and returning on Monday. His wife and his son reside in Washington. His son keeps a wood yard there. Prisoner considers himself now a citizen of Virginia. His place was within the Federal lines when he was taken. Says he went to Washington a day or two after Alexan-

