
dria was taken. The Federal provost-marshal gave him a general pass to go up and return at pleasure. Went up to Washington once or twice after Alexandria was taken and before his last trip. Prisoner says he was taken sick at his residence at Occoquan and called in Doctor Whitehead. The doctor remained with him several days and advised him to go to Washington where he could have the attention of his wife and be better nursed. He went to Washington, where he was sick three weeks, and after his recovery remained some weeks. He says he found the state of things in Washington so much worse and distasteful to him than it had formerly been that he did not apply for a passport, but determined to make his escape. He applied to several longboatmen to bring him down, but they told him they had been required to give bond and security in &amp;500 not to touch on the Virginia shore and would not take him. He met William Weston (mentioned above), who had been sick in Washington, who agreed to escape with him. He purchased a skiff and in the night went down the river on the Maryland side until after they passed Alexandria, when they went over to the Virginia side. On the Monday after his return he went to the picket at Mrs. Wiley's and reported himself and was permitted to return home. Subsequently he was arrested with others, taken to Dumfrees where he lay several weeks in jail and thence was sent here. Is a slave-owner. I knew Mr. Magruder in Washington before he started his steam mill in Virginia. His general character for veracity was good. He was considered an honest man. I was satisfied from his general character and from conversation with him he was a Southern man in his political feelings and opinions. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance. (NOTE: On the statement he makes of Weston's sickness and desire to escape from Washington I recommend the discharge of Weston.)

Clinton Buskirk. -Born in Pennsylvania, at Johnstown; has lived in Pennsylvania and Ohio and Logan County, Va., until the spring of 1859, when he removed to Piketon, Ky. Was arrested by Colonel Williams. Says two of his brothers are in Floyd's brigade. On his examination was confused, and I had great difficulty in extracting anything from him. Refused to take the oath of allegiance. General Johnson, of Kentucky, knows nothing of him. Mr. Wilton knows nothing of him except that he had heard he has two brothers in Floyd's brigade. Mr. McDonald, delegate from Logan, proves while in Logan he bore a good character and has one brother in Floyd's brigade. I cannot recommend his discharge, but think he ought to be held as a prisoner to be exchanged for some of our men taken in Kentucky.

William Ferguson. -Born in Montgomery County, Ky. ; arrested by Colonel Williams' command while attempting to serve process issued by Apperson, commissioner of the United States, for two witnesses in Magoffin County, Ky., summoned to testify in the cases of two men arrested as friends of the South. Says he sustains the present Government of the United States although he detests Lincoln; sustains the old government of Kentucky. Will not take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States, but will take an oath to be neutral, and that he will not take part in the war or give any information to the enemy. General Johnston proves him to be a man of good character, who will stand by his oath. I cannot recommend his discharge, but think he should be held to be exchanged for our friends arrested in Kentucky.

