
Andrew Tennison. -Says he was born in Fairfax; believes he was arrested from a malicious charge preferred by Henry Sartain. Says when the Federal troops were going to Bull Run they took him and Joseph Lyles prisoners, destroyed his garden, and used his parlor as an office. Afterwards, when the confinement of his wife was approaching, she begged him to go to the store and get her some rice and other articles. On his way met Horace Edsal guiding a party of Federal soldiers under command of Colonel Taylor. Edsall said prisoner was a good secessionist and could guide part of them and he would go with the others. He tried to beg off, saying if Sartain saw him he would be sure to report him. Taylor then drew his pistol and threaened to shoot him if he did not guide them. He submitted and went with them to the brick house. They brought him back to the railroad and discharged him. Sartain saw him on the way and told General Stuart prisoner was guiding the enemy. Says he is a Southern man in his feelings and went with Virginia. Refers to Captain Murray mason, of the Navy, as a man who knew he was a Southern man. Says he is a Souhern Methodist andnever agreed with the Northern men. Mr. Huntt gives him a good character. I think this case cannot properly be investigated here. If evidence exists to fix improper intercourse with the enemy on the prisoner it must be found at Manassas. No specific charge is made against him. If the prisoner is to be judged on his own statement then all that statement must be taken and on his statement his guidance of the enemy was compulsory. I advise he be returned to Manasas with direction if there be other prof against him to have it taken and the facts on which he is detained ascertained. If there be no specific charge against him of criminal connection with the enemy he ought to be discharged on the ground that his long imprisonment is a sufficient punishment for a venial offense. If there be criminal conduct which amounts to an offense against military law he ought r to a military tribunal for trial. If the offense be against the civil laws he ought tobe turned over to the civil tribunals for trial. I would suggest that in every case in which a prisoner is hereafter sent to headquarters at Richmond a statement of the facts and names of the witnesses be sent with him.

Wilson Arthur. -Born in Randolph; moved in 1819to the place he now live sin Webster County. Says he does not know for what he was arrested; supposes it was because he had been against secession, but he says when the State went out he went with it. Has never had anything to do with the Yankess or their friends in Virginia. Says he never fought the Yankees because they did not come to his neighborhood. He is too old to go after them, but he lent his gun twice to young men to go after them. He is fifty-five years old. Mr. McLaughlin proves him to be a man of good character. Says he was arrested because of malicious charges preferred by a man he sued for killing a dog. Some persons doubted his fidelity. mr. McLaughlin did not. Mr. Alderson gives him a good character. Says he voted for a secessionist to represent him. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

John O'Brien. -An old man; says he was born in Harrison County; moved to the head of the Little Kanawha, thence to the Sandy Fork of Elk, thence to Webster. The old man has spent his life in the woods hunting and seems to be very ignorant of what is going on the settle-

