
ments. Has a great respect for the old Commonwealth of Virginia and great contempt and hatred for the attempted government at Wheeling. Does not seem to know much of the difference between the United States and Confederate States, but is willing to take the oath of allegiance to the old State of Virginia and any government she belongs to. Mr. McLaughlin proves he is a man of good character ignorant of all thigs going on in the settlements. He lives remote from settlmeents in the woods, and makes his living by hunting and digging ginseng. Mr. Robinson, prosecuring attorney of Nicholas, proves his general character is good. Has a son in Swann's company, Tompkins' regiment, Wise Legion. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Miles O'Brien. -Son of John O'Brien; does not know for what he is arrested; has had nothing to do with the Union men or Yankees except to go with some of his neighbors to Sutton to fight them when he heard they were coming here, but they did not come; lives with his father; does not know much of what is going on in the settlements; stands for the old government of Virginia; is a cooper and farmer; hunts and digs ginseng. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance.

Sampson Stover. -Born in Franklin; moved to Lawrence County, Ky., where he was separated from his wife; moved back to Raleigh, where he has lived sevaral years. Says his children left him several years ago and went to Ohio. Has heard nothing from them. Says he has had nothing to do with the Yankees or Union men. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. I have no evidence about this man, and from his examination I can find no cause for detaining him. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

J. Wills. -Aged thirty; born in Grayson; went to Raleigh twelve years ago and bought land there. Does not [know] for what he was arrested. Thinks it was from a malicious charge of Jasper Cole that he was a Union man. Says he is a Southern man. Is a Methodist. When the church divided he went with the Southern Methodists. Has never had anything to do with the Yankees since. Voted against secession, but when the State went out he went with it. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. I have no evidence about this man. His examination shows no cause for detaining him. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William Deekins. -Of Raleigh; says he is a Southern man in his feelings and action. Had nothing to d with the Yankees or Union men. Saw some of the Yankees passing to Raleigh. Had not communication with them. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Isaac Scarborough. -Fifty-one years old; says he was born in Monroe; moved to Fayette, near Raleigh; when arrested was within two miles of home going with a load of beeswax and ginseng down toward Kanawha to sell. Does not know to whom he expected to sell it. Had heard a man named Levens bought ginseng. Heard he kept a store; cannot says who told him so. Thinks Mr. Guss' people told him so. Denies he had any connection with the Northern or Union men. Arrested by the Caskie Rangers. They took his horse; told him they had orders to take back all the-. Said there was no chargeagainst him. Says he voted against the ordinance of secession, but supports

