
the South. Gave Caskie Rangers a horse worth $100 and fine beef-cattle. His arrest was just before the Northern men went to Raleigh. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. I have no evidence about this man except his own examination. His conduct in starting to Kanswha just before the Yankees went to Raleigh is very suspicious, and justifies his arrest. But it amounts to no more than suspicion, and after his long imprisonment I think he may be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

Isaac Bays. -Says he was born in Fayette; moved to Boone, and moved back to Fayette last spring. Does not know for what he was arrested; was told all the men from that end of the county were to be moved. Says he had nothing to do with the Northern men or the Union men. Says he always held to the Southern side. Says he agreed to take care of the family and property of his brother-in-law if he would volunteer, which he did. Has now the family and property of his brother-in-law under his charge. Wanted to vote for secession, but his vote was counted out because since his return from Boone he had not lived long enough in Fayette to enable him to vote. I have no evidence about this man excpet his own. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Isaac Williams. -Says he was born in Giles, near Fayette. Lives in Fayette; arrested because it was reported he was a Union man. Says he voted against secession, but did not know then the Union was broken; has no learning. As soon as he heard the Union was broken he stuck to the South. Has not seenthe Northern army. Was opposed to the formation of a home guard. I have no evidence about this man other than his own examination, and if that be true he ought to be discharged. I therefore recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Stewart Armstrong. -Born in Greenbrier; moved to Fayette. Does not know for what he is arrested. Voted against secession, but when the State went out felt bound to sustain it. Opposed to the formation of a home guard. Had nothing to do with Northern army or Union men. Prisoner was proved by Mr. Alderson to be a man of good character. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

John Honaker. -A youth. Born in Fayette. Says he was always a secessionist. his father voted for secession. His father and mother were from home when he was arrested. Says his horse was taken. He went to get him and was arrested. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William A. Kelly. -Says he was born in Giles County, Va. Lives on Lyle Creek, in Fayette County, near Cotton Hill. Says when he was arrested he had been to Anderson Wilson'sto look for a young steer. Was told he was arrested because the army wanted neither friend nor foe to pass. Says he is a secessionist but did not vote. Let the secession party have some oats and grain. Has several times seen the Yankee army at Fall's Mills (Fall's Mill are opposite the mouth of Gauley, on New River). Says he went to Fall's Mills because all the other mills were dry. Had no communication with the Yankees. Colonel Coleman proved the prisoner was a man of bad character, both for veracity and

