
Floyd Cook. -Born in Giles County, now Boone, near where he now lives; living near William Workman. Says a company was oraganized to protect their property from horse-thieves. Was arrested one mile and a half from home. Had gone to Amos Workman's to persuade the men assembled there to disperese. Saw some men there; saw John Gunnoe (not the one in prison), B. F. Perry and some men from Raleigh he did not know. Saw another Perry and Micajah White. These men had assembled because they were informed a horse-stealing party would be in their neighborhood in a few days. This party had Morris Cook and Clay in custody as prisoners. Does not know what party left Amos Workman's and was arrested on the road home. William Workman was arrested immediately afterward. The party then proceeded to Amos Workman's. He does not recollect who he saw there at that time except his son who had just gone in from the mountains. Says the Gerald byos were arrested soon after he was. They had been out hunting cattle. Says he saw where some trees had been cut across the road and he saw some brush thrown up on the side of the mountain which were any logs and stones in it. Says he was a member of the company organized in the neighborhood to keep off the horse-thieves. Says his son, William Workman, Amos, James and Lawson Workman were members; also M. G. White and his two sons; the Gunnoes, W. Walker, B. F. Perry and Benj. Workman; does not remember the others. Had nothing to do with the Southern or Northern army or the Uniom men. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Mr. McDonald knows nothing of his own knowledge of Floyd Cook's course since the act of secession, but says it was understood in the neighborhood Cook was a member of the company which obstructed the road, fortified it, threatened Wyoming with invasion. Says Morris Cook and Henry Clay, the militia scouts who were arrested and disarmed by this party, say Floyd Cook was the principal actor and that it was done within the breast-works. I think this man ought not to be released. His examination compaed with Workman's satisfies me he was a member of a most dangerous and treasonable organization. They were attempting to take possession of mountain passes at the head of Coal River on the most direct route from Kanawha to East Tennesse. If the organization is not broken up it may give the Federal army most important aid in any movement toward Tennessee. I think inquiry ought to be made if testimony of the facts states by McDonald can be procured, and if it can be procured the man ought to be put on his trial.

Parris Gerrold. - Says he was with three others, his cousins, hunting some cattle when he was arrested by Pate's company. He was stated by Workman and Floyd Cook to be a member of that company and was arrested when the party at the fortifications was taken, and was probably one of the persons taken in fortifications and was armed. I recommend he should be held as a prisoner of war.

Samuel Dentz. - Born in Fairfax County, Va. Prisoner says when he was arrested he was told it was for furnishing the enemy with wood. Denies he did so. Says he is a farmer and sold wood to the longboatmen. Says he did not own a boat, and did not seel wood after the boats ceassed to run to Washington whento governor's proclamation issued. Says he did not hold communication with the enemy in any way. Says he is throughly Southern; voted for and supported the secession movement. Says his son, Silas Dentz, twenty-nine years of

