
age and who is independent of him, owned a boat for which he (Silas) paid about $1,500. To prevent this boat being destroyed Silas took it to Washington. Prisoner says he remostrated with him and urged on him it was better to lose the boat, but Silas would not regard his remonstrates. Does not know what become of Silas after he went to Washington. Mr. Huntt proves prisoner to be a man of good character, a man of honesty and veracity. He owns land and slaves; has always been on the Southern side and voted for secession. Witness think the boat belonged to Silas Dentz and not to the prisoner. Colonel Brawner and Mr. Thomas prove the prisoner is a man of good character. Dr. Richard C. Mason (who was for some time a praciting physician in this neighborhood and has been for many years a justice of the peace) proves prisoner was a man of excellent character, a Southern man and a secessionist. He proves that in February or March last prisoner was present in a metting held to expel form the country a man who suspected to entertain incendiary opinions. Dentz is sent here by an order of the provost-marshal at Manassas on the 19th of November, 1861, which states he is represented as an unsafe man to go at large. Colonel Robertson, commanding the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, represents him as a notorious traitors, he having recently taken license to furnish the Federal Government with wood. The evidence satifies me that up the ratification of the secession ordinance by Virginia Dentz was a true Southern man, voting for sustaining the secession movement. Since then I have no evidence of his conduct except such as is afforded by his examination. On what evidence Colonel Robertson believed he had taken license to furnish the Federal Government with wood I do not know. I think it probable the offense of the son was charged on the parent. But the charge if there be evidence to support it ought to be tried in a criminal court instead of sending him here. He ought to have been sent to a justice of the peace it institute a prosecution against him. I have no evidence to justify the institution of a prsecution against him. If such evidence should exist a discharge now will be no bar to a legal prosecution. I recommend his discharge.

First Olden. - Born in Alexandria; lived near Clochester eighteen years; longboatman by profession. This spring made three trips to Washington in a boat belonging to Mr. Trice. Stopped running when the governor's proclamation issued. When he stopped boating worked his garden until havrest. After harvest marketed to our camp; never had any intercourse with the enemy. Says the Southern pickets ate at his house and got fodder. Says he often helped Marylanders who came over to join the Maryland regiment. Mr. Huntt and Mr. Thomas testify to his good character. Sent here with the order of the 19th of November. Colonel Robertson says must be sent to Richmond as a person whom it is not safe to have at large. No charge is made against him. A large discertion must be vested in our military officers, yet when they arrest citizens and send them to Richmond they ought to send some evidence on which they may be lawfully detained. As there is no evidence on which this man may be lawfully detained I must recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William H. Williamson. - Citizen of Fairfax County; resides where he was born two and half miles south of Burke's Station, Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and four miles from Occoquan; place called Williamson's Cross-Roads, two and a half miles from Marshall's

