
in the Southern army. Has had no intercourse of any kind with the enemy; proved to be a man of good character. He is included in the same order with Issac Hall. No specific charge made. I recommend his discharge on the same grounds I recommend Issac Hall's. To take the oath of allegiance.

Elibeck Hall. - Nehpew of Issac Hall; this young man's character is good. His feelings and associations are with the South. Included in the same order with Issac and Peyton Hall. For reasons given in Issac Hall's case I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

George Bayless. - Born in Alexandria; farmer and overseer. Says he never has been inclined to the North; always a Southern man. This year he is overseer for Mr. Lemoine. Says the scouts of the enemy often came onto the plantation of which he is overssser, but he always kept out of their way when he could. Never gave them information or aid. Believes he was arrested on the information of one Milstead, who was a tenant of Mrs. Lemoine's, and with whom Bayless had some difficulty about a field, which Mrs. Lemoine told Bayless that Milstead had not rented, but which Milstead claimed. Proved by Mr. Huntt and Mr. Thomas to bear a good character. Doctor Mason says he has known him for many years, and his character is as good as can be. Says his impression, founded on coversations with Bayless, is, he was a Southern man. Says Mrs. Lemoine is in Louisiana and all her property is in Bayless' care. The charge agianst Bayless is active communication with the enemy. It is not directly made. It is said he was understood to be active in communicating with the enemy. No proof is before me. If any exists, Bayless as a citizen is entitled to its production, and to have the charge tired before the proper tirbunal. No evidence has been furnished me to institute proceedings in any form. A prosecution in the proper forum for this charge will not be barred by his discharge now. For want of evidence, I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

A. Abott. - Prisoner says he was born in England. His father moved when prisoner was four years old to Andover, Mass., and eight years afterward to Concord, N. H., where prisoner lived eight years. From there he went to Camden County, Ga., and engeged in the lumber business, which he has followed since. Has three partners, two in Maine, one in Nove Scotia. His lumber was shipped to the North from Charleston, but afterward sent from Satilia River, Ga. Says his last cargo was shipped the 16th of June last consigned to a New York house. He went on with it to get an advance on it. He failed to do so and after staying in New York four or five days returned to Charleston and Savannah; thence went to Camden County, in Georgia. Then he took care of his teams, placing them with Taylor; then took passage in a lumber sloop to Baltimore. Stiad there three or four days and came to Virginia. He assigns the folliwing reasons for coming to Virginia. He says a year ago last spring he purchased from one Wilson, then and now a clerk in the Treasury Department, one-fourth of 400 acres of land in Fairfax County, Va. For this he paid $2,000. He does not know whether Wilson ever made him a deed. The other threefourths were owned by Snow, Smith and by Wilson. Snow lived on the land, but paid no rent. Money was advanced to improve the land.

