
Wislon called on prisoner to advance money for this purpose. When he arrived in Baltimore he met Wilson who informed him Snow was a prisoner, and offered to pay him $50 a month to go on the land and take care of it. Prisoner accepted the offer; left Baltimore, came across the Patuxent, and crossed the Potomac above Aquia Creek. There he was arrested by a part of General Holme's command and taken to Fredericksburg, where he was imprisoned. After some days he says he was examined by General Holmes and the mayor and permitted to go to him farm in Fairfax. The day after he got to the farm Snow returned home. He says he then went to find Chester Avery on business of Lant &amp; Harris, of Baltimore. Was arrested and taken to Manassas. Says his memorandum book and papers were taken from him at Manassas. From this man's statement and from his manner under examination I am satisfied he is a spy, and it was obvious to me that he was giving falso accounts of his counduct in South Carolina and Georgia and Virgina. I think he oguth to be held in custody as a spy until evidence sufficient to try him can be procured.

E. Brich. - Says he was bron in Alexandria County; is twenty-seven years old; lives with his father near Falls Church. His father went regularly to Washington under a general pass until August last. Prisoner has not been to Washington since 1st of August, then he got a pass from General Summer, who he says told him he would not give him another unless he moved within the lines. General Stuart's pickets were stationed at his father's house from the middle of August to last September, when prisoner was taken and brought away. He refuses to take the oath of allegiance but is willing to take an oath of neutrality. I think he should be retained as a prisoner of war.

George W. Cook. - Son of Floyd Cook, one of the Union company formed in Boone County, who fortified the pass at Little Coal River. He was taken when the fortifications there were taken. I suggest he be held as a prisoner for war.

J. McDonald. - Born in Hardy County, Va; lives six miles from Moorefield, on Looney Creek; age twenty-eight. Says after State went out of the Union he wanted to go with the State, but was persuaded by leading men to join the home guard. Was advised by others not to join it. Joined the home guard at Greenland. Says he was four days with them at Shell's Gap. He received a musket and bayonet. The evening before his arrest he went home to get his supper. Returned and stood guard at Rhinehart's Mill. Was arrested next morning by the Rockbridge Cavalry. Was arrested on Saturday, the 6th of September, he thinks. On Monday afterward the first raid was made on Petersburg. Had not heard anything since about this attack on Petersburg before he was arrested. Says the home guard had some beef-cattle, which he was informed were taken from one of the Weltno's, a secessionist. The muskets issued to the company came from Wheeling. I think this man should be held as a prisoner of war.

George W. Mangold. - Born in Hardy County, Va; is twenty-eight years of age. Says he is a secessionist and goes with Wirginia and the Confederate States. Says his brother Henry joined the home guard. Prisoner says he never did. He was urged by his father-in law and others to do so and to satisfy his father-in-law he went one day to the camp of the guard at Shell's. He found they were a rascally set, com-

