
mitting thefts and robberies on the citizens opposed to them, and intendent to support the Northern army. He made his escape. Says he is willing to take the oath of allegience to the Confederate States. Says he wishes to go into service in Harness' regiment. Wilthite says in his deposition; Mangold was with them eight or ten days, when he returned home dissatisfied with his captain for threatening to punish him for leaving without permission. I recommend this man be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance, and as he has expressed the wish to serve in Harness' regiment, now with General Jackson, near Winchester, I recommend he be sent there.

Noah Getz, Hardy County. - Says he voted for the Union but is willing to abide by the decision of Virginia to secede. Supports the State. Has never joined the home guard. Says he had intended to move to Ohio since he was married. He started to go there and was stoppoed by the home guard at Shell's Gap and turned back. Staid a day with his family at Shell's Gap. Served with the militia and fought against the Yankees at Petersburg. Says he will support the South and is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Of this man Wilhite in his deposition says: Was with them several days at Shell's Gap. Wanted to move his family to Ohio, but could not get through. He been in a fight in Petersburg of the side of the South. Was with them at Mill Creek and has drilled with them. He seems to be an ignorant man not acquainted with the condition of the country, but I think is with the South. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

J. B. Bowman. - Says he was born in Montgomery County, N. Y. Has lived in Fairlfax twelve years. Lives at Vienna Station, near Falls Church. Says his employment for the last five or six years was getting timber for the Loundoun and Hampshire Railroad. Says he goes with the South in this war. Furnished a horse to get up Ball's cavalry. Would have volunteered himslef, but for a defective ankle which unfits him for military service. Says his teams have been employmed for the Southern army. Is willing to take the oath of allegience. Thinks he was arrested on an [article] printed in the Dispatch taken from some Northern newspaper, but says he does nto know anything about it. No charge is sent against this man. Having no evidence I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegience.

M. L. Kendrick. - Born in Loundoun County, Va. ; lives eight miles from Leesburg in the direction of Fairfax Court-House. Arrested 3rd August. Marketed to our camp at Fairfax Court-House. Was well acquainted with the men in Rogers' artillery. Had a brother in that who had been sick with the measles. Says the soldiers requested him to bring them some whisky. He bought four gallons; sold to two men each one pint. General Stuart ordered his whisky to be seized and arrested him. Before it was seized he gave two gallons to a man named Connell. The whisky was poured out. Says he is a Southern man. Would have volunteered, but when his brother left home he was the only person to take care of an aged and infirm mother and his sisters. No charge has been sent against this man. His long confinement here is a severe pusnihment for his offense. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

John A. Sites. - Born in Hardy County. Says he never belonged to home guard; was solcited to join them and refused. Says he was

