
over with them at Shell's Gap. Got there in the evening; left the next morning; was taken sick and remained within two miles for several days. Says he never was with the guard at Alleghany. Says he never belonged to the home guard. Is willing to take the oath allegiance. Wilhite in his deposition says: John A. Sites joined their company; did the duty of a soldier; was in the first raid on Petersburg and sick at the time of the second raid. I think this man ought not to be discharged. During his examination he affected deafness. When a question was aked him it was difficult to get a direct answer and his whole manner impressed me with the belief he was studiously withholding the truth.

William Sites. - Was a member of the home guard; received a Northern musket and did with the company he says eight or ten days. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Polycarp Sites. - Says he never joined the home guard; never was aksed to do so. Wilhite says he was at Shell's Gap once. Does not know what he was doing. Says he thinks he mustered with them once. Prisoner is very young and in bad health. Says he never joined the home guard. I recommend he be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

Josiah Sites. - Denies he ever joined the home guard. No proof against him or that he was ever concerned with the Northern troops. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

D. Shears. - A boy of seventeen years of age; joined the home guard; had musket given him; stood guard at Rhinehart's Mill; was taken prisoner there. I think this boy must for the present be held as prisoner of war.

J. Keplinger. - Another youth; joined the home guard; taken prisoner at Rhinehart's Mill. Says he received his musket from Daniel Shell. I think this boy should be held as prisoner of war.

T. R. Connell. - Sixty-two years of age; miller at Rhinehart's Mill. Denies he had anything to do with the home guard. Says he saw some of them on the turnpike a mile from the mil. Next morning they brought their breakfast to his house, and his wife permitted them to eat it on the porch. Says all he heard of the guard was from May, a millwright, who was reparing the mil. Other prisoners say the mill was guarded at Connells' request, and that he permitted them to eat their bearfast on his porch. He says he has twelve children, one of them an idiot helpless; some in the West. I cannot think this old man was candid in his examination, but as he is very infirm and sickly and offers to take the oath of allegience I recommend his discharge on taking the oath.

William Connell. - A boy of seventeen; hardly. Taken with the home guard at Rhinehart's Mill. Says he had left his father and was in Keller's store when he joined the home guard. Says he was persuaded by Daniel Shel. Says his father was much distressed when he heard it. Is the son of T. R. Connell. As this youth was taken with arms in his hands I suggest he be held as a prisoner of war.

92 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

