
L. Kurtz. - Arrested July 18. Born in Maryland; has lived for twenty-five years in Pennsylvania. Lives now in Waynesborough, ten miles from Hagerstown. Brought four officers of the U. S. Army from Waynesborough to Hagerstown. Says he then sold a load of bacon to one Hurst in Smithfield, Va., and agreed to deliver it. Went home for it and came with it to Hagerstown. Says he went from Hagerstown to Martinsburg. Accounts for going to Martinsbug by saying he had tursted some business to a lawyler in Hagertsown, who went West and left his his business with one Luster. He heard Luster was in Martinsburg, and went to see him. He was not there. Then went to Smithfield to deliver his bacon and was taken. Does not know that the purchaser of the bacon lived in Smithfield, but he told him he did. Denies all connection with the U. S. Army. Owes allegiance to Pennsylvania. I suspect this man was a spy, but do not find evidence to try him. I suggest he be held as a prisoner of war.

Joshua McCumpsey. - This man went with Kurtz; was arrested with him the 18th July. Says he is a canal boatman carrying coal for the Borden Mining Company. Owes allegiance to United States. I think he ought to be held as a prisoner of war.

James. R. Connell. - Born and lives in Loundoun County, Va. Has two brothers and one brother-in-law in our army in the Loundoun Artillery. Went with Kendrick in his market wagon to see his brothers. When Kendrick's whisky was condemned by General Stuart he claimed what Kendrick gave him. Was arrested and sent on here. Is a Southern man. Desired to volunteer, but was rejected because he was disabled. I think this man ought to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

Thomas Cooper. - Born in Ireland; came to New York in the fall of 1853; staid there two weeks, then came to Washington. Became a citizen of the United States. Remained in Washington until July last, when he became servant to Captain Franklin, of the U. S. Army. Was taken after the battle of Manassas between Manassas and Centerville. Says he did not join U. S. Army. Disabled for military duty by an injury to his hand. Says he never has taken part in the war in any way. Wishes to go home on parole of honor. Was groom in Mr. Buchannan's stables; thinks President Davis known him. I cannot on the information I have recommend his discharge. I think as he was the servant of an officer, and taken of the battle-field, he should be treated as a prisoner of war.

Thomas James Martin. - Born in King George or Westmoreland County, Va. Has lived at his mother's in Washington. Says he is a kind of sailor; sailed in Chesapeake Bay, and made a voyage from Baltimore to Rio Janeiro. Says this summer he has been our of employment. Came down to his brothers in King George. Started to go to Washington two or three times and was turned back by our pickets. Fourth time he was arrested. I think this man's intelect is unsettled. He is badly can, and seems to be suffering for watn of clothing. He is not a suitable person to be permitted to go at large about our lines. I recommend he be held as a prisoner until it it ascertained whether he is deranged, and then some humane disposition made of him.

Thompson Moulding. - Born in Fairfax County, Va; has lived in Washington since December, 1858. Boatman. Was taken in Novem-

