
ber or ealry in December on a wood boat at Accotink, seeking a load of wood to take to Washington. His second trip. The captain and another hand escaped. Says he could not make a living in any other way. Says he holds up for the South. He hestitates much about taking the oath of allegiance, unless he can be sent to his sister's in Fairfax. He is ignorant, and something of his reluctance may be from ignorance. He says he will be forty-five the 21st February. He looks like a man of from thirty to thirty-five. As this man was taken in a illicit commerce with the enemy, and he does not clearly show an attachment to our cause, I think he should be held as a prisoner of war.

Albert Peacock. - Says he was born near Baltimore; was taken when a child to Fairfax County. Lives about three miles from Great Falls. Is a farmer; two years previous to the last worked on Danville railroad in Charlotte County, Va. Last year lived at home. On the 26th September was taken prisoner by Northern army; taken to Washington; was discharged fourth day, then took the measle. Remained a month in Washington. Said he was not sick all the time, but goind about the streets. We across the river to Virginia. Stopped at Mr. Croker's, within the Northern lines, until he got well. Starter for home and was stopped by Northern pickets. Had a pass to go to the pickets, not through them. A skirmish took place. During the skirmish he passed the pickets with Mr. Croker's son, who had a pass to go through. Was arrested by our scourts before he got home. Declines taking the oath of allegiance because his property would be endangered. Says he is willing to serve with the militia. I think this man ought not to be discharged.

J. Visser of Visser. - Born in France. Came to United States twenty-five years ago. Is a naturalized citizen of the United States; has lived in Washington fifteen years. Keeps a fancy store Numbers 301 Pennsylvania avenue, near old market. Says he owns an interest in a farm near Dranesville. Between 3rd and 10th April last went to his farm. Overseer left him and he was compelled to remain. Has not heard from his wife nor any one in Washington since. Knows nothing of the Northern army. Has had no communication with it. Was arrested at his farm. Says he is friendly to the South, but will not take the oath of allegiance. I think he should be held as an alien enemy.

G. Pollock. - Born in Ohio. Came to Guyandotte to join a regiment which Wheelre was raising for the U. S. service. Was captured at Guyandotte by Colonel Clarkson. This man should I think be held as a prisoner of war.

S. Gosnell. - Says he was born in Maryland. Is a blacksmith. Came to Virginia twelve years ago. Worked in Petersburg and Richmond. For five years past has carried on his business in Fairfax County near Accotink. Was arrested by a party of [the] South Carolina Legion. Says he is true to the South, rather agianst secession, but goes with Virginia. Has had no communication with the enemy. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. Has lost the sight of one eye. Mr. Clemens testifies Gosnell worked in Richmond five or six years ago. Was a good, quiet man of good behavoir, but not a good workman. Has seen him work in Baltimore. He is proved by J. Weller to be a Baltimorean, but has been absent from that place ten or twelve years. No charge

