
the benefit of your proclamation I have thought best to consult you before doing so. Please advise me in this regard at your earliest convenience.

I am happy to inform you that the discipline of the troops now here under the rigid system of police established by me is now good. None of those disorders which marked their first entrance into Virginia and which both annoyed and surprised me have occurred.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 23, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Will you have the kindness to furnish this Department at your earliest convenience with a list of the prisoners now in your custody at Forts Lafayette and Hamilton, New York Harbor, stating their places of residence and the date of their reception by you?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

(Same to Colonel Justin Dimick, Fort Warren, Boston; Major General John A. Dix, Fort McHenry, Baltimore; Major General John E. Wool, Fortress Monroe, Va. ; Brigadier General Andrew Porter, provost-marshal, Washington; Colonel G. Loomis, Fort Columbus, N. Y. ; Major General N. P. Banks, Seneca Creek, Md.)

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 23, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: Herewith I return the letters* addressed to John Monroe &amp; Co. which were received from you this date. You will please deliver them to Messrs. Monroe & Co. and tell them that the State Department has intercepted letters which place their loyalty under suspicion, and which afford conclusive evidence that they have been engaged in transmitting letters between the insurgents and their agents in Europe, and that you have been instructed to require them not to hold any correspondence themselves with persons residing in any of the insurrectionary States nor be engaged in forwarding any; and that if any letters are received by them from or intended for parties in those States they will promptly deliver them to you to be sent to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Boston, November 23, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: * * * I wrote you on the 19th instant with regard to the political prisoners at Fort warren and am still waiting for Colonel

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

