
was made against this man. He says if released he will ge up to Manassas to get his tools and return ro Richmond or some other place to work. He is willing to take the oath of allegiance. I recommned his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Abe Hamiton. - Born in Washington. For seventeen years has been a fisherman and boathman on the Potomac. Last summer was fishing in Saul Gibson's boat about Freestone Point, Chopawamisc and Evansport. The fish were taken to the Washington market. Ran one trip from Blackiston's Island to Washington in John Gibson's boat. After the fishing season was over worked in Mason' Neck. Was taken there gathering fodder. Says he is friendly to the South and opposed to the North. Could have joined the Northern army, but would not fight against the South. Wishes to have nothing to do with the war, but if he goes in the army will go into the Southern army. Says he is unwell, suffering from cold and cough, but if permitted to go to his father's near Stafford Court-House will volunteers when he gets well. Willing to take oath of allegiance. This young man seems to be candid and has excited my sympathies. I can get no information it appears he has spent the summer in fishing for the enemy and in the vicinity of points important to us to keep the enemy from. I will if I can inquire further into his case. At present I must advise he be retained as a prisoner.

W. Randle. - Born in New York, Madison County. Married Miss Jones, a Welch woman. Moved to Wisconsion on the solicitation of E. R. Jones, his brother-in-law. Moved in the year 1859 to Loundoun County near Fairfax line and near Dranesville. Has not been from home excpet to go to Dranesville for a year. Has not in any way communicated with the enemy. Is ready to take the oath of allegiance. There is no charge against this man. I have no evidence about him. From his examination I think there is no reason him, except that he was born in New York and lives in Wisconsion. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

E. R. Jones. - Born in Wales. Came to New York in 1850. Married a girl of Welch and German parentage. Settled in Madison County, N. Y. Remained there three years. Did not like the people and came to Virginia in 1865. Settled in Loundoun near the Fairfax line, about two miles from Dranesville. Has kept close at home. Knew nothing of the Northern army. Had no communication with it, direct or indirect. Was arrested and taken to Dranesville. Was there three nights and two days. Was permitted to go about without a guard until several of his neighbors were arrested. Then they were sent to Fairfax, thence to Manassas, thence to Richmond. Does not know for what he was arrested. Say he took the incipient steps to become a citizen of the United States while in New York. Never took the final oaths. Says he is willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States and the State of Virginia. Says as Virginia could not get rights she ought to have seceded, though he wished in his heart peace could have been preserved. Says he served in the militia when the Loundoun and Hampshire Railroad was destroyed and aided in taking up the rails. Says William Randle married his sister. Was an easy kind of man an persuaded him to leave Wisconsin and come to Virginia. I recommend Jones be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance.

