
Thomas McDonough. - Born in Philadelphia; lived in Boston seven years; returned to Philadelphia. In October, 1860, he came South. Worked in Wilmington, N. C., eight months. Left Wilmington in July last. Says he traveled on foot. Went to Raleigh; thence he came to Petersburg and Richomnd; thence attempted to go to Baltimore. Was arrested and imprisoned at Frederick and was released. He then attempted to get to Baltimore and was taken at Dumfries and sent here. Says he was in search of work. Will not take the oath of allegiance. I think he should be held as a prisoner.

F. Filmer. - Born in Germany; came to America three years since. Lived in Baltimore. Came to Alexandria 19th or 20th April. On the 23rd April volunteered in the Virginia volunteers. We regularly and honorably discharged for disability last fall. Says he went from Richmond to Fraquier to get his clothes. Was arrested and sent here. Says if discharged he will go to work in Richmond. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegience, but that no transportation be furnished him.

J. M. Smith. - Says he was born in Alabama; moved when seven years old to Indiana. Came to Pocohontas, Va., to seen an uncle and was arrested. After a long examination admitted his uncle was commissary in the Indiana brigade on Cheat Mountain; that he had traveled in a United States Government wagon. He was arrested within the lines of the U. S. Army. Owes his allegiance to the United States. Although I think this man was not candid in his statement as he was not in our lines I do not see how he can be treated as a spy. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Daniel Scully. - Born in Ireland; came to Canada 1842. Returned to Ireland and came to New York about 1848. Lived in New York and Canada about ten years. For years ago was in Virginia and worked for the Loundoun and Hampshire road. Worked at Louisia Court-House. Went to Moore County, N. C., and worked for Sowers. Came to Richmond and worked near here. Last spring went back to North Carolina; then started to go back to New York and Canada. Is a wagon maker. Says he is still a British subject and not a citizen of the United States or Confederate States. Seems reluctant to go to work unless he can be better clothed than he now is. Desires to get to Canada. This man seems to be a harmless wanderer. Perhaps he had better remain in prison until something more can be learned about him.

Floyd Gerrold. - Aged twenty-one; arrested by Pate's company on the day the fortification on Coal River near Amos Workman's were taken by Pate's company. Prisoner says that Simon Gerrold, Parris Gerrold, Jackson Gerrold, Irvine Gerrold, Harrison Wall and himself had been hunting cattle in the mountains the day before their arrest. Night came on them near Amos Workman's. They lay down in the woods and slept. In the morning they got breakfast at Amos Workman's. His party each had is hunting rifle. Says several men he did not know breakfasted at Amos Workman's. After breakfast his party started home and were arrested or eight miles from Workman's near Gunnoe's. Says he never was a member of the home guard. Never knew of such an orgainzation. Says he and his companions carried their rifles because it was their habit to do so whenever they

