
went into the mountains. Knew nothing of the fortifications. Had no intention to resist any authorities civil or military. In his examination before me William Workman stated the Gerrolds belonged to the home guard. Of the lives Gerrolds, three, Simeon, Jackson and Irvine have died in prison. They are all youths related to each other and from seventeen to twenty-one years of age. I cannot help believing they were part of the force dispersed at Amos Workman's fortifications by Pate's company. But I believe they were except of older men engaged in this treacherous rebellion, all of whom except William Workman and Floyd Cook have escaped. I think the boys may hereafter be proper subjects of mercy; but at present, as his country is in possession of the enemy, I cannot recommend their discharge.

Harrison Wall. - Aged twenty. Another youth arrested with the Gerrolds. His case is similar to Floyd Gerrold and the remarks made on that case apply to this case.

Samuel Clothier. - Born in Winchester, Va., and lived in that vicinity till he was twenty-one. Went to Lewis County, Va. Was taken at foot of Powell's Mountain, in Nicholas County. Says he went from home to the post-office. While from home a company of Northern troops on the way to Cross-Lanes impressed his wagon and team and his son as driver. Says his son was in bad health, and he could not procure his release except by taking his place. He was promised his release at Sutton. Was taken on to Cross-Lanes and Gualey. There he was discharged on the urgent solicitation of friends from his county, whose teams had also been impressed. On his return a party of scouts from Meadow Bluff arrested him. His team was confiscated and he was sent here as a prisoner. Says he had always been a Democrat, but voted against secession. Never had had anything to do with the Whelling government. Voted for Jackson Arnold to come to the legislature in Richmond. Arnold was not elected, but went to Wheeling. He is willing to take the oath of allegiance, and as far as he can support the South. Belongs to the old Methodist Church. Did not see cause to quit it when it spilt. James Bennet, surveyor of Lewis County, former member of the legislature, testifies: Clothies has always been a man of good character for veracity. Had the character of a Union man. His sons, who were of age, were acting as guides and pilots for the Northern troops. Has no doubt if Mr. Clothier takes the oath of allegiance he will firmly adhere to it. He thinks in the present condition of that county Mr. Clothier's discharge on taking the oath will be beneficial. His connection is large and divided. He thinks Mr. Clothier if discharged will procure the release of several secessionists who are prisoner. Has known Clothier thirty years. Mr. J. M. Bennett, auditor of Virginia, has known Clothier near twenty-five years. Says he is a man of truth and honor. If he takes the oath of allegiance will adhere to it. Says he think his release will have a good effect. Concours in the reasons assigned by James Bennett. Mr. Brandon, State sentor, has known Clothier twenty years. Says as a man he stood high in society. Is a man of truth. Says when our difficulties occurred he was considered from his associates indetified with the Union party. Says Clothier belongs to a church which has created most of the difficulties in that county. Mr. Brandon concurs with Messrs. Bennett in the opinion the Clothier's release now will be beneficial. Rev. Mr. Crook's, a Southern Methodist preacher, who was two years ago preacheing in Lewis County, concurs in the opinions of Clothier's character

