
expressed by the other witnesses. He and Clothier belonged to different churches. Has been absent from Lewis County two years, and can express no opinion on the effect of his release. Believes if he takes the oath of allegiance he will firmly adherre to it. In this case the circumstances under which Clothier was arrested make him clearly liable to be held as a prisoner. The question of his relase is therefore one of mecry and policy. Of this question I am not able to judge from information before me; but as the tree gentlemen who recommend his release are all leading men in this region, men of character, intelligence, influence and actively indefitied with our cause in the county, in deference to their judgment and as matter of mercy and good policy I recommend his relase on taking the oath of allegiance.

Simeon Nelker. - Born in Kalish, Russian Poland. Educated in part in Kalish; completed his studies at Berlin; Jewish rabbi. In pursuance of the arrangements of his church traveled before he could assume the ful functions of his order. Traveled through Great Britain and in May, 1860, came to New York; staid there two or three weeks, then went through several other cities to New Orleans; went from New Orleans to visit Solomon Franklin of Richmond, Ark., who he says in his cousin. Returned to New Orleans; thence to Mobile; traveled through Alabama; went back to New Orleans; then to Saint Louis and through to Canada. Visited the cities of Canada as far as Quebec. Then back through Detroit, Chicago, Saint Louis to New Orleans; then came to Tennessee and through Lynchburg to Warrenton, Fraquier. On his return from Fraquier he was arrested on the cars and sent to Richmond. Says he wishes to go to Solomon Franklin's, in Arkasans, and remain there until the war is over or until can return to his own country. Says his father is a man of great wealth. Says he never inquired into the condition of our armies, or gave any iformations, directly or indirecly, to the enemy. I inclose with this examination Provost-Marshal Boyle's order sending him here. Jacob Peck, of Richmond, tailor, testifies: He knew the prisoner in Kalisch. They went to the same school. He is the son of a rich merachant in Kalisch, and was educated as a rabbi. Witness came to the United States several years ago, and has lived in Richmond two years. Samuel H. Rich testifies that he (witness) came to Richmond two years ago. Was to have came to the United States when Nelker left Kalisch but could not get off. Says he knew Nelker. He was educated as a rabbi and traveled according to the regulations of the church before he was fully inducted into his position. Colonel Robert Johnson, member of Congress from Arkansas, informs me Solomon Franklin is a firm friend of the South. I recommend Nelker be discharged and be furnished when he requests it with a passport to go by Memphis and Nepoleon to Richmond, in Arkansas.

Leonard Noyes. - Born in Connectiut. Went at twelve years of age to New York to learn a trade. Left his master at sixteen. Lived several years in various places in Connecticut. Then went to Key West in a fishing smack. Lived there, fishing, wrecking and working at his trade. Returned to New York. Went to California in a sailling vessel. Reurtned in another vessel by way of Sandwich Islands. Afterward went to Key West, where he remained as fisherman, wrecker, &amp;c. Was taken prisoner in a Northern fishing vessel by one of our privateers. Says he once his allegiance to the United States. I suggest this man be held as a prisoner of war.

