
Hamilton Smith. - Born in Ohio. Says he came to Guyandotte to bake for a man who had the contract to bake for the regiment Whaley was raising for the United States. Was taken prisoner by Jenkin's men before he commenced baking or concluded a contract to do so. Says he owes his allegiance to Ohio and the United States. I suggest he held prisoner as an allien enemy.

Thomas Wauldron. - Born in Ireland; came to Philadelphia in 1851. Has lived in Philadephia and New Jersey, and a short time in Maryland. Came to Prince William to live with Mr. Cutts. Was arrested at Mr. Cutts'. Says he is a naturalized citizen of the United States and cannot take the oath of allegiance. I suggest he be held as a prisoner.

Sanford Thomas. - Born in Breckinridge County, Ky. When twelve years old removed to Cass County, Ind. Has for twelve years roved about the country. Lived the last three years in Born County, Ohio. Was promised the appointment of sutler to Whaley's regiment. Went to Guyandotte to make his arrangements; was taken prisoner before the regiment was raised. I suggest he be held as a prisoner of war.

G. Thornton, alias Thornton Gunnoe-This man was examined before me on the 7th of January and then stated: He was born in Morgan County, Va; was raised in Morgan. Lives on Sir John's Run; shoemaker by trade, but sickly and unable to follows his trade. Has worked for several years for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad repairing track, &amp;c., quit work when the bridges were destroyed. After he quit work on railroadwent to Berkeley County to work in the havrest field for Pitzer and for Sybert. Says he never had anything to do with the Northern men or their friends. Says he went to see his sister-in-law in Federick, Mid., and in so doing passed through the Northern amry at Williamsport. Says he was recommended by Richard Greogry, of Hancock, to Mr. Kennedy who gave him a written pass. The men who arrested his destroyed Gregory's letter. On his return came through Middleton, cut off from Hagerstown and Williamsport, and crossed the river way below; does not remember where. Came up through Hancock and around home. His brother, one of the company raised by General Carson's orders, was shot by Rector, a Union man. Says he voted for Michael to go to the legislature and Kennedy to go to Congress. On the 10th (to-day) he was called up again for examination in the presence of Mr. Sherrard, the delegate from Morgan. He had previously passed in prison by the name of G. Thornton. Mr. Sherrard recognized him as Thornton Gunnoe, of Morgan County. Prisoner said he had told the cleark of the prisoner several times his name was Gunnoe. He said he forgot when examined to tell me so. Gave the same account of his brith and residence he gave on his first examination. Said his brother was killed by Cornelius Springs and Henry Rector. Says he got over the river by a pass procured by Gergory. Says Shanks was with him when he was arrested, but Shanks made his escape. Denied he belonged to Dyke's Union company. Had not seen Dykes for four days before his arest. Says he ran when he arrested, but did so because he was scared. Admits he was one of the party guarding Capon bridge to prevent it being burned by a parcel of rowdies; but says John B. Stuart, the superintendent, ordered them not to resists if the Confederate troops came to burn it. Mr. Sherrard says Gunnoe is an ignorant man led by the employes of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad

