
hands he is properly a prisoner of war. I would recommend him to further mercy if I saw how it could be properly extended. For the present I must advise he be held as a prisoner.

Oliver Jarrett. - Lives on Cabin Creek, Kanawha County, six miles above its mouth. Voted against secession, but when States seceded went with it. Has never had anything to do with Northern troops. Once saw a party passing down the creek, but he kept out of their way. Has been from home once to buy groceries. Went to Malden; saw no Northern troops there. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. I recommend this man be discharged on taking the oath.

Seth Jarrett. - Brother of the above; makes the same statement with his brother, except he says when Wise's Legion was on the Kanawha he worked of fix guns and swords for Slusher Brady, Augustus Manser and other persons who were going to join the Southern army. Will take the oath of allegiance. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath. Note that these men were in the hospital when the other Paint and Cabin Creek men were examined, and the general remarks I made as to those men apply to the two now under consideration, viz, I think all these men were removed as a measure of precuation when our army was on the Kavawha.

James M. Cornan. - Born in Greebrier County; removed to Nicholas County; is a farmer. Says he did not vote on the question of secesion. Was a Union man until Virginia seceded; now he is for the Confederacy. Says he was arrested at home. When the enemy tok possession of the country they camped near his house. He says they came to his house in search of corn. He could not resist them and permitted them to take what they wanted, and they told him if he would go to their camp they would give him coffee for the corn they had taken. He went to the camp and got coffee. Says he served in the militia till he was honorably discharged by his commanding officer. He has a brother serving in the Wise Legion. He is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Mr. Anderson, senator in the State legislature, and Mr. Robinson, prosecuting attorney, both give this man a high character for integrity and veracity and say he has the character of a Southern men. I recommend has discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

W. L. Watsoh. - On prison books D. Wartrous. Was born and raised in New York. Left there early in July last. Came through Philadelphia, Wilmington, Baltimore to Washington. Says he swam across the river between Chain Bridge and the Aqueduct. Went to our pickets. Was taken to General Bonham's camp with a view of coming to Richmond to work. Was a member of the workingmen's committee. Was opposed to the policy of Linclon. Sustined the course of South Carolina and was compelled to flee from New York because of his political opinions. Says he was master mechanic on the Panama Railroad. Was in Cuba as a steam-boat architect and in Mexico building lighters for the Pacific steam-boats. In each of these places he was ivloved in political troubles and made his escape from prisoner. His last employment in New York was as engine dispatcher on the New York and Erie Railroad. Says he was a voluntary contributor to the New York Daily News. Thinks probable General Smith would know him. Says he has a plan for steam-boats which he thinks might put

