
an end to the war. Says he left the plan in Washington with a friend with directions to sen it to Richmond if he heard him in two weeks. If no to return it to New York. Expresses as unwillingness to submit his plan to navy officers because of their prejudices. Prefers submitting it to merchants in Charleston and Savanna, but says he will submit it to naval men if relieved of suspicion and from confinement. He will not take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States but desires to be released on his parole of honor. In this case it is clear the prisoner is an allien enemy, and as such may be rightfully held. It is not clear he is not a spy, but as General Smith's testimony may show him to be a political refugee I hope he will be written to on the subject. I cannot recommend his discharge, and for the present I recommend he be held as a prisoner.

James Kincaid. - Boy of sixteen; born in Fayette County; son of James Kincaid; lives on head of Loop Creek. Says he never hand anything to do with the enemy or the home guard. Was arrested in August; has been in jail since. Willing to take the oath of allegiance. Colonel Coleman says this boy lives in a disaffected neighborhod. His father is a quiet man, and it is understood he and his family are not of the disaffected party. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Thomas H. Duke. - Born in September; raised there, and worked in the mill of Alexander Boteter until July, 1860; then went to Antietam Mills, in Maryland. Staid there till Christmas, 1860; then returend to Shepherdstown and worked for two months for William Sherrard; then went back to Antietam Mills and worked off and on there until haverst; then went back to Antietam and worked until he came over to see him mother, when he was arrested. Says he got there on Thursday and was taken on Friday, and taken to Colonel Ashby's camp. This boy is strongly suspected to have guided the party that seized Captain Alexander Boteler when he (Captain Boteler) was taken by the Massachusetts men. Duke acknoweldges he came over that might and returned the next morning. He denies all connection with the affair, and says the party was led by one Kezer, a deserter. He is also suspected to have come over when he was taken as guide to a party intending to attack Colonel Ashby's camp. He admits he was with the party, and escapted them by promising to return; but says he gave information to prevent Ashby's surprise. Says he was withe the some party when they crossed the river some nights before; that he was compelled to go with them but pretended he did not know the road and they turned back. I do not like this boy's manner, and strongly suspect him to be in complicity with the enemy in these two affairs. He is near twenty-one years old. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance and is desirous to enlist. I think the best disposition that can be made of him is to permit him to enlist provided he is sent to the South.

George W. Smith. - Born in Albemarle County, Va. ; lived in August and Rockingham; volunteered; was sent to Harper's Ferry; was discharged by the surgeon of his regiment; went home and worked as a hand till the corn crop was laid by, and then went to hunt the soldiers; was taken up by some wagoners and brought here. This is the account this young man gives of himslef. He is I think of feeble and deranged intellect. I would advise he be examined by a medical board, and if it be proper to do so, he be sent back to Augusta County.

