
Edward Barnes. - Says he was born and raised in Upper Canada. Left Canada a year ago last summer. Worked two weeks in New York. Came through Pennyslvania by way of Pittsburg to Virginia. Gives no account of the route he traveled. Professes great ignorance of his route. Edvades every question asked. Says he worked ten months for Mr. McLauglin, in Pocohontas, on Tygart's Valley River. Says he was arrested in Pocohontas, and afterward said he was arrested near Meadow Bluff. I believe this man is a spy, but I have no information of the time or place of his arrest of the charges against him. My conclusion is formed from his examination. I must express a regret that officers in command send citizens prisoners here without any evidence or reports that may aid in ascertaining their true character. I would advise this man be held as a prisoner.

Joseph F. Griffin. - Says he was born in Eaton, Ohio. Was arrested at Gauley Bridge. Pretends to be stupid. I think he is acting a part. I have no return or information about him. I recommend he be held as a prisoner and further inquiry be made about him.

Armstead Magaha. - Born in Loundoun County, Va. Lives a mile and a half from Lovettsville, between that and the river. Says he carries on a blacksmith shop at Berlin, in Maryland. Has done so for five years. Rents the shop from year to year. His lease expired last Christmas. Before the bridge was burned at Berlin he crossed every day. Says after the bridge was burned he boarded in Berlin and crossed frequently until the enemy's pickets were placed on the river. Says since the 1st of July he never crossed until the night he was taken. Says he got a skiff and evaded pickets. Afterward he said on the night he was taken was permitted by the captain in command of the pickets to cross in company with Rouse, Smith and Slater. They got a skiff and crossed. They promised the captain to return that night. Says they had nothing to do with the gondola boat. Were going to their skiff when arrested. Says he had bout $2,000 due him for work on the Maryland side of the river and his object in remaining there was to secure it. I submit the report of General Hill and the affidavits of S. Price and S. Crumbaker. I recommend this man to be held as a prisoner.

E. Rouse. - Lives in Lovettsville, Loundoun County, Va. Says for thirty years he has worked as a carpenter in Berlin at times. This spring did some work for C. F. Weimer, and early in July went to finish a house for him and worked until within a month past. The enemy would not permit him to return. Says on the night he returned he, Magaha, Slater and Smith were permitted to come over on promise to return that night. They got a skiff and came over and on their return were arrested. Denies they had anything to do with the gondola boat. I refer to General Hill's report and the affidavits of Price and Crumbaker filed with it. I recommend this man be held as a prisoner.

W. J. Working. - Born in Adams County, Pa. Lived there till he was twenty-one; then his father moved to Frederick County, Md. Says he lived in Hamilton, west of Leesburg. Wento to Maryland some time in July. Was stick two weeks and when he desired to return could not get permission to pass the pickets. At last a corporal put him secretly over the river. Says he had forgotten the corporal's name. I file the affidavit of Elijah White and refer to General Hill's report. I think this man ought not to be discharged.

