
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 16, 1862.

Acted on and James M. Cornan and James Kincaid ordered to be discharged.

R. O[ULD].

JANUARY 19. - George W. Smith ordered to be dicharged.

R. O.

Miles Johnson. - Was born on Loop Creek; son of William Johnson. Was arrested at Light's Mill on Loop Creek. Had gone to get corn ground. Never had anything to do with the home guard. Never saw the paper or had anything to do with it. Did not know who were in it except from reports. Is Southern and willing to take the oath of allegiance. Wento to Paint Creek to his uncle's, Jesse Jarrett, to help him in his work. Was there the first time the Caskie Rangers were in his neighborhood. Says the Southern soldiers have been at his house. He boarded the men. Sold them all his potates and gave them his apples. Says the Northern soldiers passed up the creek on which he lives once. Did not serve in the militia when called out because he did not get notice. Witness A. C. Bailey, captain of militia in Fayette County, says Miles Johnson is a man of good character; known little of his position. The neighborhood is disloyal and Johnson has to keep very quiet. His father-in-law is a firm Southern man and his father is also Southern. Captain Caskie, of Caskie Rangers, by whose he might properly be discharged. I recommned his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

James Morris Fayettee. - Says he was born in Patrick County, Va. When he was twelve years old his father moved to Marsh Fork of Coal River. Prisoner says he new lives on Sand Lick Creek, a fork of Coal River. Says he was arrested at home by a part of Phelps' company. They stated he was deserter from Captain Adams' company. Says he was with Adams'company awhile, perhaps a month. Mustered with them out never signed a paper or was sworn in. Says he was never regularly mustered into service. He says when While retreated from Kanawha his captain gave his company leave to go home, but to meet again to go to Greenber. Says only twenty-four met a place of rendezous. He want sent by the captain to get fifteen of the men to return. Names eight only of them. He represents he was riding about the county hunting for these men until he was arrested. Says he went three times at Jacob Petries'. Was on Paint Creek the 15th of October; cannot tell why. Was as Brownstown purchasing goods for his family. Does not remember from whom he bought them or whether it was from and old store or one newly established. Will not tell where he was the day before him arrest. (Note. - He was arrested on the 25th of October; the 24th, the day before, was the day of the election held by the usurping government of Wheeling.) Captain Bailey says he knew the prisoner as a citizen and a soldier. As a citizen he was generally regarded as a dissipated men. As a soldier all he knows was stated by Captain Admas before a court-martial in which this man's case was heard. He was regarded as a faithful soldier until this desertion. Says the case was postponed by the court until further evidence. After the prisoner was sent to the guard room Doctor Moss, who had been requested to appear as a witness, appeared. Doctor Moss said he came to the pris-

