
oner's house immediately after his arrest and the soldiers who arrested him found an Enfield musket and a Northern uniform in his house. The prisoner was re-examined and stated the musket and uniform were left the night before in his absence by one William Workman, a cousin of the man now in prison. What they were left at his house for he does not know. I called at the adjutant-general's office but the adjutant-general and Colonel Chilton were out and I was informed there were no returns of Adams' company in the office, but the clerk made no examination. In this case I am satisfied that Morris is a deserter from Adam's [company], Floyd brigade, and that after his desertion he was actively going about the country and among the disaffected tories and was no the Kanawha near the enemy. He does not account for the uniform and Enfield musket found in his possession. I think he should be held and further inquiries be made to bring him to justice as a deserter who joined the enemy.

Issac Slater. - Aged eighteen; born in Loudoun County. For the past five years lived in Lovettsville as a clerk for Stoneburner. Soon after the 19th of April says he went to Washington to say with his father, who is a clerk with A. &amp; T. A. Richards, brickmakers. Says his father is poor and he had been in the habit of sending him his wages, and fearing trouble he went to his father to aid him. Says he staid in Washington till 14th of August when he went to Berlin, in Maryland. Was a clerk there for Hoffman & Howell; then for C. F. Weimer, and lived with him till he was taken. Came over with three other persons to see his friends andacquaintances the night he was captured. They got permission from a Northern captain to come. Came in a skiff; knew nothing of the gondola boat. Was taken going past it to the skiff. Says he came across two or three time before. Denies any participation in taking Stoneburner's house. Says he was in Berlin when it was taken. Says he never thought of citizenship. Was willing to take the oath of allegiance if I would advise him to do so. Says William Smith who was taken with him is his cousin. Refers for his good character to H. M. Fellers, Jacob Stoneburner and various other citizens of Loudoun. Is much subdued and anxious to be released. I file the affidavit of Cruzen. I refer to General Hill's report and deposition. I think favorably of this young man's deportment and apparent candor on his trial. If I could see how with propriety he could be discharged from prison I would suggest it; but although my sympathy for him is strong no mode of extending mercy to him occurs to me. I must suggest that he be held as a prisoner.

William Smith. - Born in Loudoun; went to Maryland 17th of June. Says he staid below Fredericktown working on the farm of his stepmother's brother. Several times came to Berlin. Crossed over 2nd of August; returned 4th of August. Was not interrupted by the pickets. Crossed again when he was arrested. This is one of the men sent by General Hill. I refer to his letter and the affidavis filed with my last report, especially Crumbaker's. The impression of this man's character made on me by his examination is that he is a bold, aftful, unscrupulous man who went over to the enemy when the militia were called out. I think he is able to play the part of a spy. I recommend he be held as a prisoner.

Robert Power. - Born in Loudoun County. His father lives six miles from Leesburg. For more than a year prisoner has lived at his uncle's,

