
Thomas Gheen, four miles from Centerville, working on his farm. Says before Christmas he went up to his aunt's, Mrs. Rose, of Loudoun, to get some money. His aunt gave him some eggs which he took to the post nearest to him to sell. He was arrested and taken to Colonel O'Neal, of the Ninth Alabama Regiment. Was told they were in search of Shelton Ambler, who had passed Indiana money on some of the soldiers. Suspected him to be a partner of Ambler's; thought he had given notice to Ambler, and suspected him to be a spy. Declares he is innocent of the charges. Says he has never had anything to do with the enemy. Says last summer he was at his brother-in-law's Bodine, and saw the tents across the river. He was at Leesburg and saw the Yankee prisoners brought in after the battle. These are the only times he has seen Yankees. Has a brother and several brothers-in-law in the Southern army. His brother is in Mead's Loudoun Cavalry. Two of his brothers-in-law are in the Loudoun Artillery. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Mr. Huntt, delegate from Fairfax, says he does not know this young man, but he knows Gheen, his uncle with whom he worked the last year, is true to the South. Colonel Ball, of the senate, from Loudoun, says his brother and several of his brothers-in-law are in the Southern army. His whole connections are faithful Southern people. Does not know him. Colonel Ball handed me the petition of Power's brother for his release and the petition of officers and men of the Eighth Virginia Regiment for his release, herewith sent. This young man is modest, and I think true and honest from his examination before me. No charge has been sent on with him. I unhestitingly recommend his release.

Charles Holland. - Born in Saratoga, N. Y. ; his father is an Englishman; came to Prince William County, Va., when prisoner was a child; prisonr is now twenty-six years old; lives five miles from Occoquan. Says he was arrested under a charge of selling spirits to men in Hampton's Legion. Says he was imprisoned and afterward acquitted of that charge, and when he was about to be dismissed he was accused of disloyalty and sent on on that charge. He says he fell under bad influences about Occoquan, and under false information he voted for Linclon and against secession. Says he has repented sorely of these votes and goes cordially and earnestly with the South. Says his brother is a volunteer in the Southern army. He (prisoner) offered to volunteer but was rejected because his leg is so injured he cannot perform military duty. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Says he lives within our lines and has never crossed them. Since the war began he has never two miles from home. Captain Aylett Nichol, of the Prince William Militia, examined as a witness, says Holland has a brother in the Southern army who stands high as a soldier. Says prisoner's general character is good; has seen him rarely since the war commenced; has heard reports unfavorable to his political character; has heard that before the war he was involved with the Underwood party. Mr. William E. Goodwin, sheriff of Prince William, says Holland has a brother in the army who is a good and and faithful soldier; says he conversed with the prisoner last spring and summer and reprimanded him for his votes. Prisoner said he had been misled and was very sorry for what he had done; said he wished to go into the army with his borther but his disabled leg prevented his doing so. Witness says he has been frequently in the prisoner's neighborhood and has kept his eye on him in consequence of his vote, and he believes Holland has staid quietly at home and has not been connected with the Northern army

