
or with its friends. Says the prisoner is a man of good general character. Mr. Lynn, delegate from Prince William, says prisoner acted witparty up to the secession vote. After the course of Virginia was known prisoner declared he had bee misled, expressed his sorrow for his course and his determination to stand by the South. He says in consequence of prisoner's vots witness wached his course. He says Holland separated from his Union associates; remained quietly at home; most of his associates ran off; he believes Holland has behaved quietly and properly since the war. All three of these gentlemen think if Holland takes the oath of allegiance he will keep it faithfully. They say he is a man of truth. There is no charge filed against Holland. His vote for Lincoln indicates a state of political feeling when it was given which subjects him to suspicion then and ever afterward, but it is not an offense for which he can be legally punished. It certainly would give an unfavorable color to any subsequent offense; but the man express penitence. He has been closely watched and nothing wrong observed in his conduct. Under the circumstances before me I do not see how he can be held as a prisoner without trampling on the constitutional rights of citizens. I recommend his discharge.

NOTE. - After this report was prepared I received the papers sent me herewith in an envelope. I have examined these papers and they have not materially affected my opinion. The omission of Slater's name in Stoneburner's affidavit is unfavorable to him. Magaha's statement that he had rented a shop in Berlin is confirmed, but it was to say the least a serious error in him if he was true to the South to attempt to carry on business in the enemy's lines. His crossing back and forward afforded opportunities for communication with the enemy that might seriously endanger our interests. In the affidavits submitted some revengeful expressions are proved to have been made by him. I think it probable if the enemy had arrested him in Berlin he could have made a much stronger case of fidelity to them than he has to us.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 19, 1862.

Acted on, and Miles Johnson, Robert Power and Charles Holland ordered to be released.

R[OBERT] O[ULD].

Samuel Reeves. - Cripple; age twenty-four; born in Prince William, at Occouqan; arrested by Prince William Cavalry. Says he was told he was arrested on suspicion of infidelity. Voted for Lincoln; expressed pentinence for his vote. Voted for reference to the people of the action of the convention. Did not vote on question of secession because he found he was going wrong and wanted to separete from the persons who had deceived him. Says his father is a shoemaker, and he (prisoner) has been a cripple since he was two years old. Depends on his father for his support. Usually voted with his father, but got to drinking with Gould and other Northern men. They presuaded him Lincoln was the best men for the Presidency and would make money plenty and give good employment. His only occupation has been on wood boats and fishing. Has not been on would boat for a year. Has been fishing since the difficulties commenced with Captain Gray and Marshal Davis. Did not go out of Occoquan Bay but once, and then went only three-fourths of a mile out. Caught nothing but while perch. Met no boats except boats from Occoquan. Had no communica-

