
tion of any kind with the enemy or persons connected with them. Had no communication with Mr. Abe Lincoln associates. Has completely separated himself from them, and goes with the South. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Mr. Lynn, delegate from Prince William, says he knows the father of this man well. He knew his brother well. They are all of truth and true Southern men. He knew less of the prisoner. He has always been a cripple. He was led off by the Underwood party. They had plenty of money and prisoner was led to frolic and associate with them. He voted with them until the troubles began. He then separated from them and has since continued separate from them. He knows when that party left prisoner could have left with them, but he chose to separate himself from them. He says prisoner in consequence of his vote and association with the Underwood party has been watched, and is satisfied he has behaved with propriety since our trouble began. He says the willage of Occoquan is purified from the tories and the prisoner could not communicate with the enemy if he wished, but thinks he does not wish. He thinks this man is a man of truth and integrity. In this case there are no charges against the prisoner. There is no evidence he has committed any offense either aginst Virginia since secession or against the Confederate Government. He is too much cripped to be a soldier, and from Mr. Lynn's testimony cannot do injury as a spy if he were so disposed. He seem to be honest and truthful. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 21, 1862.

Acted on and Samuel Reeves ordered to be discharged.

ROBT. OULD,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Robert Scott. - Born in Monogalia County, Va. Went to Maryland. Enlisted in the Regular Army of the United States. Served in the Mexican war in Company F, Third Artillery. Was discharged in California in 1849. Has lived in California until March last, then came through Texas to Fort Smith. At Fort Smith found General McCulloch's courier was sick. Carried dispatches back to Texas. From Fort Smith came to Tazewell County, Va. There for a month he drove cattle from Tanzewell to Champan's army. Hansbarger employed him from Champan. Says he was discharged from this service at the Salt Sulphur Springs, in Monroe. Went to Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, where he was arrested and discharged. Then he went to Frankford, Greenbrier County, where he was arrested by citizens; his horse, saddle, bridle, revolver and bowie-knife taken from him and he was sent on here. General Champan says this man was employed by Hansbarger to drive cattle from Tazewell to Monroe for General C. 's brigade. Says he was mounted on a mustang and he had a Mexican saddle. He did not suspect anything wrong. General Haymond informs me the Scott family of Monogolia are Southern in their feeling. Two Scott were in the Regular Army in Mexico. He was not present at the examination, and did not know whether this man was one of them. Scott is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Says if his horse, saddle and bowie-knife and pistol are returned he would be willing to volunteer in a cavalry company; but he is forty-two years old, and would not be willing to serve in an artillery or infantry company. Assuming this man's

93 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

