
statement to be true as far as it goes he is a citizen of California. Has traversed the whole extent of the Confederacy. Has not disclosed his purposes and intentions to any one. He ought therefore to be dealt with as an allien enemy passing through the country improperly. But I am not satisfied his statement is true. His account of his trip from California through Texas to Fort Smith and from Fort Smith to Tazewell is too meager to be satisfactory. I cannot avoid the suspicion he is a spy. For the present I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Caleb Wriston. - Born in Fayette County. Raised on the Clear Fork of Coal River. Now lives on Johnson's Branch of Loope Creek, near its head. Says he has been at home all summer except to go to mill and to go twice to his father's on the Clear Fork of Coal. Says he moved last spring from Paint Creek and this spring has had part of his crop on the place from which he moved, four or five miles from where he now lives. Does not know who were members of the home guard except from report. Saw the Northern troops the day he was arrested. They were stationed on Loop Creek. William Johnson, prisoner's brother, John Wriston, prisoner and another neighbor came down the branch going to mill. They were stopped by the pickets and on request of William Johnson were suffered to pass. Did not hear the conversation between Johnson and the officers. Does not know what Johnson said. They went to the mill and were arrested by Caskie Rangers. He says this was the only time he ever saw the Northern troops. Another time they came up Loop Creek but he did not see them. He says when Caskie Rangers before this came up Loop Creek all the men on the creak ran off. The men on Johnson's Branch remained at home. Says when Jenkin's cavalry came up the branch he sold them his grain and gave them his apples. The Northern men afterward threatened the men on the branch with destruction because they were 'secesh". Captain Caskie and Mr. Ticknor, private in the Caskie Rangers, aided me in the examination. Both of them say they know nothing against this man. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

John Wriston. - Born on Clear Fork of Coal River. Lives on Johnson's Branch of Loop Creek. Says [he] voted against the ordinance of secession but when the State went out he went with it. Says he has not been from home this summer except to go to places in the neighborhood. Had nothing to do with the home guards; knows only from report who belong to it. Says he saw the Northern troops they day he was arrested. Says he went with his brother Caleb and Mr. Johnson to mill. Does not know what Johnson said to induce the pickets to let them pass. Denies there was any concerted story. Says he went to mill because he was out of meal. He was arrested at the mill by Caskie Rangers. Says he saw the Northern troops at another time. They came up the creek. He had gone to a neighbor's to get some snap beans and saw them pass. Never gave information in any was to the enemy. Captain Caskie and Mr. Ticknor, private in Caskie Rangers, know nothing against this man. There is another John Wriston, the uncle of this man, living on Paint Creek who has been active in aiding the enemy, and another man of the name of Wriston whom it was desired to arrest. I think it probable these two men have supposed to be the two dangerous men. I have no information which justifies holding this man a prisoner. I therefore recommend his discharge on taking oath of allegiance.

