
James Mayner. - Says he was born in Raleigh [County], on Clear Fork of Coal River. Raised where he was born. Was arrested half a mile from home at John Stover's. Two men were with him, Sampson Stover and Creed Mayner. Creed Mayner ran and was shot. Sampson Stover was arrested with prisoner but afterward discharged. Says for the last year he lived with his brother on the Pound Fork of Sandy, in Wise County. There are no Union men there. Says he is not a Union man- is a Southern man. Never had anything to do with the home quarrel. Had not been at home two weeks when he was arrested. Heard Captain Dunbar, who lines on Coal River, was trying to get up a Union company, but he, prisoner, had nothing to do withit. Heard this from some men who had been down on Coal, but he would have nothing to do with it. Says he saw Dunber once after he came home but had no conversation with him. Is willing to take the oath of allegiance. Heard an election for the Wheeling government was to be held on Coal River but he did not anything to do with it. Captain Linkons of his neighborhood says his boy was away from home, he supposes in Wise County, when the Union company was formed. As there is no charge against this youth and I can find no one who makes any charge and as he seems to be fair and trutful I recommend his discharge.

Jasper Melum. - Not sixteen years old. Had on a Northern fatigue uniform. Says Captain Dunbar gave him this uniform and a gun. Says he had not volunteered or joined Dunbar's company. Says Dunbar was recruiting for the Northern army and his company had been stationed at Charleston. Says he was arrested at Jacob Harper's, on marshes of Coal River. Says part of the company had been on Coal River and he had been with them. He was taken up by two citizens. Captain Linkons testifies this boy was suspected to be one of a company Captain William Dunbar was raising for the U. S. army on Coal River. This boy seems to be truthul and honest and well disposed, but I do not see how he can be discharged. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Otey Fellows. - Born in Patrick County, Va. Lived in Montgomery County. Married a Cassidy. Moved to Fayette. Lives on Laurel Creek. Says Kennedy Cassidy and James Cassidy, his brothers-in-law, were decidedly for the United States and against the Confederate States. Says he did not agree with them in opinion, but wanted to be neutral between the United States and Confederate States. Says a home guard under command of James Cassidy, his brother-in-law, was gotten up in his neighborhood. Was asked by Kennedy Cassidy and others to join it. Says he told them they might put his name down. Says he sent three sons to the Southern army. They were volunteers in Captain Adams' company, Wise's brigade. One was wounded at the battle of Scary[town] and died from his wounds. Of the other two he first said he did not know what had become of them. Afterward he admitted they came to his home. Said Captain Adams had permitted him to go home to rejoin his company and go to the White Sulphur Springs. Said the enemy took possession of Fayette Court-House and his sons could not join the army. It afterward appeared from the examination of the prisoner by Captain Caskie that the enemy remained only one day at Fayette Court-House and his sons had remained in the county, making prisoner's house their home, but had visited the enemy and had piloted in their invasions of his part of the country, and on one occasion when the Yankees took a double-barreled shotgun

