
his son James got it, and this gun was taken to his house. Captain Robert Caskie, of Caskie Rangers, says he heard a Union company had been formed in this neighborhood. Sent a detachment composed of militia and some mem from his rangers to disperse them. They were fired on near Fellows' backsmith shop; returned the fire, took some prisoners and returned next day. He sent a detachment to arrest the men suspected to have been at the shop. The prisoner was arrested by them. Mr. Ticknor, private in Captain Caskie's rangers, says he was one of the party that arrested Fellows. They went to Fellow's house. Ticknor was born in New York. When they entered the house the females asked him who he was. He told them he was from the North. Was told prisoner was in the yard. He was found there on his way down to Lieutenant Wood's party. Witness asked prisoner if he was one of those who was firing last night. Prisoner told him he was asleep in his backsmith shop. That he came out and had a good chance to fire with his barrels, but did not know who the parties were. If he had known it was Sam Woods and his damned rebels he would have let them have both barrels. Says Spragg Laurence was a noted Union man acting as a scout for the Northern army, and made Fellows' house his headquarters. Prisoner on this statement said he was at his shop near Cassidy mill that night. Some of James Cassidy's home guard were there. Says his two sons were there, Spragg Laurence was there, and Kennedy Cassidy and his son James Arthur and one of his sons. Ben Mallory and his son were there. Denies he had a double-barreled gun. Says when he told Ticknor if he had thought it was Woods and his damned rebels he would have fired both barrels he did not know Ticknor was a Southern; he thought he was a Yankee. If he had thought he was a Southern man he never would have called them rebels. Says he was in a hard place. Had to make fair weather with both parties. Says he could not fight eithr army and had to do the best he could. Says when the firing began he was in the shop. It was so dark he could not find his gun, and got out and went home without it. I think this old man desires to hold with both sides, but the influence of his brothers-in-law, the Cassidy, made him go over to the enemy. He has joined the home guard and was found with them in arms. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Kennedy Cassidy. - I as a local preacher of the Northern Methodist Church. Says a man named Gregg was the circuit rider in 1859-60. Says he was from Pennsylvania; spent much of his time in trading in lumber at Point Pleasant and much in gelogizing. Says he did not fill Gregg's appointements when he was geolozing, but says he did when he wast at Point Pleasant selling lumber. (Note. - From several prisoners and citizens I learn Gregg had made minute and accurate maps of this portion of the State which are in the hands of the enemy, and this man Cassidy filled appintments while he was doing this.) Cassidy denies he knew anything of Gregg's making maps. Denies he was a memeber of James Cassidy's home guards. Denies all connection with the Union troops or Northern army. He says he went to Montgomery in Kanawha County about the middle of August. Arthur, Spragg Laurence and James Cassidy were with him. Went to hear Colonel Ruffner speak. (Note. - Colonel Ruffner was an active officer of the Whelling government.) Ruffner did not speak. They were stopped by Yankee pickets. A man they called Cop appeared. Says it is likely some of the party had some conversation with him. It is likely they

