
had some conversation about arms left by Governor Wise when he retreated from Kanawha. They all were permitted to pass through the pickets and return. Says the night he was taken he was in James Cassidy's mill grinding corn. There was a swell in the creek and they had to take agavantage of it. There had been a long previously. He heard some firing. Says he does not know by whom. Got a musket which was hid in the mill; started home. Heard somebody making a noise first like a whipporwill, then like an owl. Thoguht it was some of the Fellows boys trying his nerves. Went to them and was taken prisoner. Captain Caskie proves he sent out this party composed of militia and some his rangers, under command of Lieutenant Woods of the militia. The party reported they had been fired on and returned the fire and took two prisoners. Cassidy was one of the prisoners. Mr. Ticknor says he was of the party. They were fired on near the mill and backsmith shop. Some of the party gave the signal of the tories imitating the whip-poor-will and owl. Kennedy Cassidy came across the bridge to them and was taken. He was armed with a Virginia musket marked "Princess Anne". Cassidy, being examined, said the musket was left in the mill by James Fellows. It might be the musket he had when he left the army or one gotten from deserters after Wise's retreat, or one gotten at Gauley out of the muskets left there by General Wise. This man is obviously in part a negro. He is man of fine natural intellect, self-possessed, artful and insensible to the obligations of an aoth. I recommend he be held as a prisoner.

Tallison Stover. - Belonged to Captain Adam's company. Left it in August. Says he asked Captain Adams for a furlough. The captain refused it and he went home. Says he only volunteered to go to Charleston. He was raised in the woods; had never been so far from home and so long from home in his life. Says he wishes to go back to his company; says he staid quietly at home. I can find no evidence that this young man had any connection with the tories. He denies all connection with the Union men and the Northern men. Captain Adam's company is now I understand attached to McCausland's regiment, Floyd's brigade. It seems to me his case is more within military jurisdiction than the commissioner's. I suggest the rolls of Adams' company be examined. If he is a deserter, as I believe, that he be handed over to the military authorities.

Issac Siers (on the book Sias). - Born in Monroe. Removed to Braxton, then to Nicholas County. Was a volunteer in Captin Chilton's company, in the regiment of Colonel Tompkins, now Colonel Jackson's. Says he was wounded in the right arm in a skirmish near Charleston. Was permitted to go home till his wound was healed. Says before his wound was heald he was arrested on suspicion and sent on here. Says he never was sworn in. Mr. Alderson, senator from this district, and Mr. Robinson, prosecuting attorney of Nicholas County, both say Siers is a man of bad character. Has been prosecuted for passing counterfeit bank notes and for other offenses. They say when he volunteered he was in jail in Nicholas on a charge of petit larceny. He is a good-natured man, but it is said he deserted from cowardice. Reference to the muster-rolls of his regiment ought to show whether he is deserter. No political offense is charged against him. I recommend he be turned over to the military department.

