
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 28, 1862.

Acted on, and James Mayner ordered to be released and Stover and Siers to be turned over to the military.

ROBT. OULD,

Assistant Secretary of War.

William Working. - Re-examined. I return the petition of citizens of Loudoun for the release of William Working with the indorsements of Captain Ball of the senate and Mr. Harrison of the house of delegates. I have re-examined my note in this case and think this man may lawfully and properly be held as a prisoner. But I know some of the singers of the petition and the two gentlemen who indorse it. They are citizens of Loudoun, well acquainted with the prisoner and the state of things in their county. On the question whether mercy should be extended to the prisoner they are better judges than I can be. General Hill's report excepts him from the class of prisoners who were sent on which him. I recommend that as an act of mercy he may be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

J. L. Grudd. - Born in Loudoun County. Lives between Lovettsville and Harper's Ferry. A Virginia constable. Says he spent the principal part of the summer at home. Has gone over to Maryland at various times to get his goods and groceries. Once in the summer he went over to testify before Captain Stedman, of the U. S. Army, on behalf of Samuel W. George and Gideon Householder, citizens of Loudoun, who were charged with riding with secession soldiers and pointing out persons to be arrested. George was accused of dining with secession soldiers at his uncle's and going with them in the evening. Prisoner proved Geroge could not have been there. Was asked by Stedman how he voted and replied he voted against secession. Says he was once arrested in Maryland as a secessionist. Says the citizns of Virginia going to Maryland usually went in skiffs. Were arrested by the pickets; taken to hedaquarters and got passes. He says he got a pass when he testified in favor of George and on some other occasions. Does not remember what they were. Says passes were so difficult to be procured that he did not go even for what he needed. He says he went over in September. Several men had left Virginia on whom he had claims. He went over to collect them and to collect the debts due George Wright &amp; Co. A. J. Everthart was trustee and made him agent. Staid among the relations of his father. Says he was taken sick; was sick for several weeks. Before he was in condition to travel dragged himself home. Says he came to the river and the picket would not let him pass. He was informed several Virginians would go over that night and if he was smart enough to manage it he could go over with them. A party of whom he names A. J. Everthart and six others went over. He went with them. Does not know by what means they got permission to go over. He went over with them; parted with them on this side of the river. Was sick with chills and fever and remained at his father's and at home until he was arrested. Says wheermitted to come over they promised to go back. All who came with him returned. He gave no promise but was informed a party of soldiers would be sent to take him back. Did not know any of the men who came over with him. Does not know whether they belonged to a company of Virginia refuges raised by Means. Says while he was in Maryland he was informed White and Smith Read

