
wished some friend in Maryland to get back some runaway slaves. He went to Colonel Geary to get them back. Was not acquainted with Geary. Failed to get them. Geary said the owners must make personal application and give assurance of fidelity to the Union before they could get them back. Says he owned property in Virginia and had debts due him; some coming through Hindman. The citizen of Virginia in Maryland heard their property was to be confiscated. They were much enraged and determined if it were so they would do something desperate. All the men who came over him partock of this feeling. In this state of feeling he heard Hindman had attached his property Supposed it was the beginning and wrote to Hindman. Had Hindman's affidavit shown him. Says he was much excited at the time. Does not remember what he wrote, but thinks the letter will not sustain Hindman' statement. Says he stood to the Union as long as he hoped it would be saved, but now the North and South are so divided that they can never unite and he goes with the South. I refer to the report of General Hill, returned with the cases of A. Magaha, E. Rouse, William Smith and William Working, and to the affidavits of S. H. Price therewith returned. I return now the certificate of Mr. M. Harrison, delegate from Loudoun, and several affidavits sent on by General Hill, noting especially Hindman's. I think the letter of Grubb referred to by Hindman should be written for. I think Grubb should be held as a prisoner.

H. Dane. - Aged sixty-seven. Born in New Hampshire. Staid there til he was twenty-three years old. Lived in New York till he was forty-eight. Now lines in Prince William County, six and a half miles from Occoquan. Famrmer; sells wood to longboatmen. Has sold none since last spring. Trades to Occoquan. Was an acquaintance and political associate of J. C. Underwood. His sentimentals similar to Underwood's. Did not vote at the last election. As to allegiance he says he is inclined to the Government of the United States. Was not able to after his mind when the State went out of the Union. Hoped to keep along and take sides with neither party. Went to look for his cowns. Went up to the pickets and was arrested he believes on the information of A. D. Rowe. Mr. Lynn, delegate from Prince Wiliam, says he cannot say for this prisoner what he said for Holland and Reeves. Sasy prisoner was an ablitionist and of the Underwood party and has given no evidence of change of opinion. I think this man should be held as a prisoner.

Henry Stone. - Aged nineteen. Born in New York. His father died when prisoner was four years old. He has lived in Cincinnati. Says he belongs to Second Kentucky Regiment; joined it at Gauley. Was sent by General Cox to find where the militia were in Fayette. Went in citizen's dress; says he had no uniform. Spent first night at Huddleston's. Does not know whether Huddleston is a Union man. Did not disclose his objects. Went next night to McCoy's. Was arrested next day in Fayette. I cannot learn from him by whom he was arrested. He has passed in the prison as a citizen until to-day. I am satisfied this man is a spy, but as there is not now sufficient proof I can only suggest that he be held as a prisoner under suspicion of being a spy.

Spencer Lloyd. - Born near Great Falls of Potomac, on Virginia side. Raised there. Lives one mile north of Dranesville. Was not told for what he was arrested till he came to Richmond. Was then told he was arrested because he had in the camp of the enemy. He says he

