
never was in their camp. He says on one occasion they passed up through Dranesville Saturday evening and returned that night. Sunday morning he went out to look for his cattle. He passed through some cedars and saw where they had cut off the twigs and laid them out for beds, but they were all gone. Another time he was gathering corn one cold forsty morning near the river on some ground he had rented. All negro man in another part of the field had brought some fire in a pot and had it burning. Some Northern soldiers came into the field and asked him if he was not late getting his corn. He said he was, that he had been delayed by the frequent firing over the field. They asked him if he had heard any bullets that morning. He told them he had not. They then said they were firing at the fire, supposing it to be our pickets. They said they supposed their bullets fell short, and went away. This was the only time he had ever seen them nearer than across the river. Colonel Thomas testifies Lloyd is a man honest, industrious; stays at home and attends to his own business. Mr. Huntt testifies that Lloyd is a man of integrity and veracity. Says since the war commenced he has rarely been in that part of the country and knows nothing of Lloyod's course. Mr. Harrison says Lloyd had a suit in Fairfax in which he (Mr. Harrison) was his counsel. He saw Lloyd quite frequently and thinks him an honest, straghtforward but ignorant man. Lloyd says he had no communication direct or indirect with the enemy except as above mentioned. I have seen no charges against Lloyd, and my only means of forming an opinion are from his examination and the testimony of his character. I recommend his discharge on af allegiance.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 10, 1862.

Acted on, and Working and Lloyd ordered to be released.

ROBT. OULD,

Assistant Secretary of War.

A. C. Staunton. - Born in Augusta County, Va., and raised there. Shoemaker by trade. When he was of age he removed to Alleghany County, where he engaged in business. His business was in Alleghany and Pocahontas Counties. Says he quit business there and returned to Augusta. Last summer he went to Alleghany and Pocahontas to collect money due him and get any jobs of work he could. From Pocahontas he went to join the Wise Legion. He says he volunteered in Captain Pollock's company, Wise's Legion. He had a pair of pistols he offered for sale soon after he got to the camp and before he was regularly mustered into service. A man who wished to purchase his pistols was examining them with him. While prisoner had one of the pistols in his hand it went off and wounded a man in another tent. He was arrested and sent on here. Says he is a Southern man. Wishes to support the Confederacy and is anxious to volunteer. Mr. William Tate, delegate from Augusta, says he has known the father and family of the prisoner for a good many years. They are very much respected in their position in life and are true to the Southern cause. Some years since Mr. Tate removed form the neighborhood in which Staunton lived to another part of the county and has not since seen much of the prisoner and heard he had gone to some [sic]. Is a respectable man and his statements may be relied on. Mr. H. W. Sheffey, delegate, and Collonel Christmas, senator from Augusta, both say Staunton's family are respectable and on the Southern side. They have no particular knowl-

