
edge of Staunton. If this man is here as a military prisoner there ought to be some notice of him in the War Department. He is returned to me as a citizen prisoner. If he be a citizen prisoner I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance and that he be permitted to join some company.

Nicholas King. - Claims to be a citizen of California but desires to join the Confederate service. Sent here from Manassas by an order dated November 7, herewith inclosed. I inclose with it a letter from King. King swears his statement in this letter is true. He says he was born in Fairfax County, Va., and was taken to Washington when young. Lived there till he was thirteen, then lived in Virginia till his father was appionted surveyor-general. Prisoner was then seventeen or eighteen years of age. He remained in the office of the surveyorp-general as a draftsman until his father was removed, and one year with Captain Hays, his father's successor. Was then connected with surveyos of public lands. In the spring of 1858 went with Captain Stone, now General Stone, of the U. S. Army, into the northern provinces of Mexico on a surveying contract. They were driven away by the Mexico authorities and came to Washington to settle their accounts and prosecute their claims for damages against Mexico. Refers to his written statement for his course since this war commenced. Says he did not see his Virginia relations until October, 1861, when he paid them a visit of a day or two. Says H. T. Pairo, broker, of Richmond, married his mother's sister. Says he never heard his father was accused of embezzling funds or being a defaulter. Says his father could not have been either, because the funds were in bank and could only be drawn on checks. Denies he ever made checks in his father's name or drew money wrongfully. Says he never heard he was suspected of doing so. Says he never went from Fairfax Court-House or did anything to cause suspicion against him. H. T. Pairo, who was summoned as a witness, testifies Nicholas King is the son of a sister of Mr. Pairo's wife, and witness has known him nearly all his (King's) life. When King was sixteen or seventeen years old his father placed him in the revenue service. King soon left it, Mr. Pairo heard, as a deserter. King's father had influence to have the matter passed over. A few years afterward King's father was appointed surveyor-general of California. The reports from there were King had forged his father's name and caused his father's defalcation, but witness does not know these reports were true. Says King came to Richmond before the battle of Manassas and staid two or three weeks. Owing to the trouble he had got his father into Mrs. Pairo, his aunt, took no notice of him, but witness saw him quite frequently while he was here. When King was in Richmond he represented he was in the employment of General Bearegard in the engineer service. King was very anxious to visit Yorktown and Nortfolk. Witness did not countenance him in these efforts and thinks he did not go. From his impression of King's character witness cautioned his own sons, who were at Manassas, to have nothing to do with King unless they found he (witness) was mistaken. He thinks King a man of fine talents and address, and if so disposed de could be very useful to the Confederacy; but if his disposition were not good he could do much mischief. I think King under the law of Virginia must be regarded as a citizen of California and not of Virginia. He is therefore an alien enemy. He professes great friendship for our cause, but from his bad character, his connection with

