
General Stone and the suspicions excited in the mids of our officers I do not think he ought to be permitted to take the oath of allegiance or be treated as a citizen. I recommend he be held as an allien enemy prisoner.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 10, 1862.

Acted on, and A. C. Staunton ordered to be released.

ROBT. OULD,

Assistant Secretary of War.

A. Bailey. - Says his name is A. Lincoln Bailey. Says he was elected President of the United States and went to Washington to discharge the duties of that office. Does not tell me how he got to Virginia. Says he was born in Pennsylvania; has lived in New York and New Hampshire. He says he was in Richmond some years since in the store of J. Winston Jones, who he says is now dead. Says he was once a watchman and timekeeper in Joseph R. Anderson's works. He says he was arrested near Charlottesville attempting to make his way to Washington through the Valley. I examined this man carefully and can discover no symptoms of derengement. I think he is feigning derengement to coneceal his true character. His own statement makes him an alien enemy and I think he is a very suspicions one. I recommend he be held as an alien enemy under suspicion of being a spy.

James Dutton. - This man is stated on the return of the clerk of the prison to me to be deranged and he probably is. He says he was born in Nova Scotia and went to Mobile in 1858. He joined the Dan Boone Rifles of Mobile. Says he came to Lynchburg with his company. They were mustered into service of the Confederate States. He was taken sick. Went into the hospital at Lynchburg. Was for some time an attendant on the hospital under charge of Doctor Owens. Says he left his papers with a clerk of Doctor Ownes. Says he has never received either money or clothing. He is now without a shirt or stockings and is in want of clothing. I return with this report the letter of Captain J. Taylor committing him. I think this man is probably deranged, but his case ought to be inquired into at Lynchburg. Doctor Ownes can say whether such a man was there. I would also respectfully ask that the rolls of his company may be examined and if anything is due him that it may be applied to his use. I would also respectfully suggest some provision be made for his comfort.

C. R. Branch. - Says he was born in Sumter County, Ala. Was first a printer. Was in the office of the Mobile Registr in 1848, 1849 and 1850. His health gave way and he turned sailor. Was on oyster boats in Mobile Bay and in schooners trading in lumber to New Orleans. In 1859 went as a sailor on the brig American to Liverpool. Was on the oyster boats in Mobile Bay till 1860 when he went to Baltimore on the schooner Adair; then went on the schooner Sun Flower from Baltimore to Boston. Sailed several times between Boston and Baltimore. Says when the war broke out he desired to come to the Confederate States but could not. Was making money and did not leave till the schooner on which he sailed was laid up in Baltimore. He then came from Baltimore. Came in an oyster boat of Captain Fallon to Northumberland County, Va. ; landed at Wicomico; went up to Heatsville; came to Union Wharf and came to Fredericks-

