
and scouted on the Potomac to get a shot at the Yankee who were expected to cross. He wishes to go either into a cavalry company or the Eight Virginia, as his relations are in that regiment. He is a brave and true Southern boy and I hope his wishes will be gratified.

William Stallins. - Agged nineteen. Born in Loudoun; moved to Fairfax and volunteered in the Seventeenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers. At Lewinsville he got scared and went to his home and was turned out of his regiment, dishonored and branded with cowardice. This boy is proved to be faithful to the South and seems pentient for his conduct. He admits he behaved badly and was scared, but he is very anxious to volunteer and redeem his character for courage and good conduct. He was going with Fisher to volunteer when arrested. I recommend and opportunity be given him to redeem himself and that he be permitted to volunteer again.

Daniel Hunt. - Born in Lowell, Mass. ; lived in Boston; moved to Richmond twenty years ago; has lived here since and never been farther north than Baltimore. Prisoner married the daughter of Mr. Rixey, of Fauquier. He owned two houses in Richmond and some negroe on which he owned money, and when he closed business five or six years ago Mr. Rixey paid the balance due on them and they were secured to Mrs. Huntt, and all Mrs. Huntt's interest in her father's estate is in slaves. In his old age Mr. Rixey married a Yankee woman. Eighteen months ago Mr. Rixey was taken sick and after lingering nearly a year died. When he was taken sick he sent for Hunt and his daughter. They went up to see him and remained with him till his death. When they went up they closed housekeeping and their furniture stored away. Since his death they have been trying to get a house in Richmond. When our army fell back from Centerville Mrs. Rixey, the stepmother, prepared a flag which indicated her wish to make peace with the Yankee and showed it to Huntt. Huntt did not object until he went to Warrenton and saw young Mr. Rixey, who sent him a message disapproving it and refusing to consent to it. This message was delivered by Huntt, who also expressed then his disapprobation of the proceeding. Hunt is willing to take the oath of allegiance but his health does not permit him to enter the army. He is now over forty-five. I have inquired carefully into Hunt's character and course in Richmond and find he was always a good citizen; for a long time a Whig but for the last seven or eight years acting with the Democratic party and with the secession wing of this party. I am satisfied he is a good citizen and entirely Southern in his feeling. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

Elias Love. - Born in Loudoun. Says he does not know what he was arrested, but says his son left him in December and denies he knew where he went. Says he does not know now. Passed the pickets returning home from Leesburg without permission. Says his son was a teamster in our army; returned home, and on close examination says he thinks he intended going to the West. Says he has taken no part in this contest to vote for the Union. Is willing to support the laws of his county but cannot tell whether he is for the Union or the Confederacy. Wishes to take the oath of allegiance to the country where he lives but cannot tell whether it is the Confederacy or the Union. He is obiously an intelligent man and quibbling about his allegiance. I recommnend he be held as a prisoner.

