
John Rowzie. - Arrested February 10, 1862, for getting drunk and fighting at Herndon; aged fifty-seven; born in Loudoun, Va. ; lives near Great Falls, one mile from the river. Commenced life an overseer; now owns a plantation and negroes. His three negro men are hired to officers in the Confederate Army. Says all his dealings have been with the Confederate Army. He has refused to deal with the U. S. Army. He is represented to me by several highly respectfuable witnesses as a true Southern man. I hand in with this a letter of Lieutenant Emack, who was aided to cross the Potomac by Rowzie, and General Stuart's order sending him here. I think Rowzie is a true Southern man and has been sufficiently punished for his offense. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance. I think although he is too old to be a soldier he would be a valuable man as a manager of hands.

Samuel T. Walker. - Born in Fairfax; lives near Great Falls. Was in our service as a wagon-master from 1st of September to Christmas, when the transportation was turned over to Major Barbour. Walker continued at Centerville with a Mr. Hubbell, going with his teams to Gainesville and Manassas. In Febraury he received a letter from his wife informing him of the death of one of their children and her own sickness and asking him to remove her within our lines. He procured a pass to go out by Picket Numbers 5, but finding this would delay him too long he procured the officer in charge to alter it to Numbers 7. On his return he was arrested for his offense. I am satisfied from the testimony of various witnesses that Walker is fathful to the South and is a truthful and respectable man. He is the same man mentioned in Lieutenant Emach's letter returned with Rowzie's case. I think he has been sufficient punished for his offense. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William P. Spear. - Age fifty-two. Born in Essex County, N. J. ; moved to Virginia in 1840; carpenter. Owns a farm but no negroes; hires hegroes. Was a Breckinridge Democrat and a secessionist. Arrested by order of General Stuart. Says he had no communication with the enemy. Has fed the pickets without charge and nursed the sick Confederates at his house. He is proved to be a man of good character. General Winder informs me he can employ this man as a carpenter. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance and agreeing not to go to our lines ecampments.

David Watkins. - Born in Accomack Country; lived there till he was twenty-one, then moved to Staten Island where he lived for seven years; then he came to Gloucester County and about four years ago went to Philadelphia. Has been engaged in the oyster and lumber business. Quibbles about the oath of allegiance. Says he wishes to live in the Union in peace. I recommend he be held as a prisoner.

Issac Wybert. - Born in Saratoga, N. Y. ; lived in Virginia fifteen years. Denies all communication with the enemy. Would rather not take the oath of allegiance. Calculates to abide by the laws of the place in the which he lives. I cannot recommend his discharge.

James Oscar Wren. - Born in Fairfax. I submit with this case General Stuart's order and the statement of Messrs. Thomas and Huntt.

