
He says he never passed our pickets knowingly. Never weas a dealer in liquor. Says he kept liquors and sold some to his neighbors as medicine. Says when the army fell back last October he took a negro woman and his other movable property to Prince William and staid there till Christmas. He then returned, got his negro man and took him back to Fraquier out of reach of the enemy. Owns only two negroes and he has placed them in our lines to save them from the Yankees. He says on his return from Fauquier he heard he had been charged with selling whisky and thinks the reports were got up by Thompson to injure him. He voted for secession. This man is said by Messrs. Thomas and Huntt to be a man of good character. It is difficult to reconcile his statement with General Sutart's order, but as General Stuart says he is regarded as a dangerous man to be beyond the outposts and is faithful to the South, I recommend he be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance and promising not to go to any place in the vicinity of our camps.

C. White. - Born in Columbia, N. Y. ; left there young; came to Virginia; lives in Fairfax. Voted the Union ticket but adheres to the South. Renounces allegiance to the Union States, and is willing to take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States. Has done all in his power for the South. I submit the letters of Mr. Word and Messrs. Huntt and Thomas in relation to this man. I recommend his release on taking the oath of allegiance.

William P. Food. - Born in King George; raised in Jefferson County, Va. ; lived in Winchester. Agent for several Virginia insurance companies. When General Jackson retrated from Winchester prisoner promised Colonel Ashby to procure a horse I Culpper. He had some claims due his societies to colect in Culpper. He made his escape from Winchester. He had a letter for one of Colonel Radford's men and rode through his lines to deliver it. Prisoner says he did not know he was acting improperly. He was arrested by Colonel Radford and sent on here. Lieutenant Turner testifies he has known prisoner for several years and he is a man of good character. I submit the letter received from Mr. Boteler in relation to this man. I have no doubt he is faithful to the South and recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

James. E. McCabe. - Born in Leesburg, Va. ; was engaged as overseer of negro hands employed on works for the army. These negroes were always placed under a guard. When our troops moved to the Plains Lieutenant Atkinson selected the quarters and placed the negroes in it under guard. Afterward Colonel Chancellor arrived with some militia and ordered prisoner to give up the quarters to the militia. Prisoner remostrated on the ground the negroes were placed there by direction of the provost-marshal and if they were turned loose some of them might run off, and asked him to refer the matter to General Hill. Chancellor refused to refer it to General Hill, saying he would take the quarters by force. Prisoner wentto find General Hill and did not find him, but found his aide, Mr. Rodgers. Mr. Rodgers told him not to give up the quarters without General Hill's orders, and gave him two more negroes to put under guard. Prisoner returned with them. Chancellor had forced the quarters and the negroes were under guard in the yard. Prisoner opened the gate to put the two additional negroes

