
under care of the guard. Chancellor resisted him and struck him with the hilt of his sword and continued to press on him. It was dark and from the noise of the sword prisoner thought Chancellor wad drawing it to strike with the edge. Several to the bystanders called on him to fire. He believed it was necessary to preserve his life and did fire. Chancellor was wounded. Prisoner was arrested and General Hill considering it was case proper for investigation by the civil tribunals declined investiganting it. I submit the written statement of Mr. Thomas L. Edwards, who I know is a gentleman of as much character as any in Loudoun. I have learned from many sources that McCabe is an honest, good man. His bearing and demeanor under examination were that of a gentleman. H is faithful to the South. McCabe is not under the Articles of War and the writ of habeas corpus had not been suspended then. General Hill therefore properly considered his case one for examination by the civil authorities; but an examination by the proper authorities cannot now be hed. The discharge from custody will not exempt him from prosecution if hereafter one should be instituted. I do no think his case one which requires confinement idenfinitely. If discharged he may be useful to our cause. I recommend his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

William Ayres. - Merchant of Philadelphia. Says he was not conpected with the army. Had business in Washington with Colonel Irvin, of Pennsylvania regiment. Came over to see battle-field of Manassas. Was taken prisoner. I recommned this man be held as prisoner of war.

E. Githen. - Railroad contractor, New Jersey. Had been working on the railroads near Washington. Went ove to Manassas to get a contract to repair roads from Alexandria into Virginia; was taken prisoner. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

Daniel Paterson. - Dentist; from Boston. Says he was seeking an office in the Treasury Department at Washington. Came out to see battle-field of Manassas; was taken prisoner. I recommend he be held as prisoner of war.

B. F. Copeland. - Born in Maine; has lived in Missouri, Iowa and Illinois. Is a carpenter. Says he was working at Washington last winter. Was promised a job at Alexandria. Went up to see Bull Run; was taken prisoner. Citizen of United States, but manifests a desire to take the oath of allegiance to Confederate States if he can thereby get work and get back to the North. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

F. B. Coburn. - Born in Preston County, Va. ; learned his trade in Uniontown, Pa. Was in Kansas during the revolution; says he took no part in it. Returned to Virginia; stole a horse; was in the penitentiary two years and a half; was discharged in March. Arrested passing our lines on suspicion of being a spy. He says he has lost his citizenship in the State of Virginia by being sent to the penitentiary, but wants to clain citizenship in the United States. I recommend he be held as a prisoner of war.

