
to General Johnston at Harper's Ferry. From this officer I came with a pass to Richmond, arriving here Saturday, June 8. I that day called on the Assistant Secretary of State, with whom I had long been in familiar correspondence, and him in the evening related to Mr. Toombs in his own rooms the substance of Mr. McLane's communications to myself. I remained in Richmond at the hotel, constantly seeing Mr. Browne, Mr. Attorney-General Benjamin and other personal friends until Tuesday, when I left for Charleston. I there went to my sister's house and remained several days, calling on various and publishing in the Courier of Saturday, June 15, nearly a column of comments upon the financial and other apects of the war at the North.

On Monday, June 17, my brother-in-law, a citizen of Charleston, coming home advised me to hasten my departure North, as he had learned that certain persons calling themselves a vigilance committee had determined to annoy me if I should stay. I was indisposed to accept this advice, but my sister being in delicate health earnestly deprecated my remaining any longer I accordingly consented to leave via Louisville the next morning. I did so, explaining the reason of my departure to some of my friends, and taking with me two communications from his Imperial Majesty's consul at Charleston to the French minister and chancellor at Washington. These were confided to me as a personal friend but bore the official seal of the consulate.

At Augusta stopping only to dine I did not register my name at the hotel until I was requested by one Mr. Evans, calling himself a concilman, so to do. I then did so, stating to this person who I was, and exhibiting to him my address and letters in my possession. I reached Atlanta at midnight and was there arrested by the marshal, who exhibited a telegram from the mayor of Augusta describing my baggage, giving my name as Hilt, and denouncing me as a suspicious person. I at once demanded an examination. This was accorded to me by the Honorable B. C. Yancey, who pronunced the charge unfounded and recommended my immediate release. I voluntarily proposed to await replies to telegrams which I dispatched to friends in Charleston, and to Messrs, Browne and Benjamin at Richmond.

On Wednesday, June 19, Mr. Browne and Mr. Benjamin replied that I "was unjustly accused and should be immediately released". Mr. Yancey having also of his own motion telegraphed to Mr. Toombs (a note from whom lay among my papers), that officer replied that he had no personal knowledge of me. This circumstance, taken in connection with the arrival on the same day of a violent personal attack made on me in the Richmond Examiner of June 17, exicted so much popular feeling against me that Mr. Yancey advised my waiting a day tel in Atlanta. The next day brought another article denouncing me as a spy in the Charleston Mercury, with telegrams to the same effect from several persons, none of them pesonally known to me. My cousin, Rev. E. P. Palmer, of Marietta, Ga., coming over on this day to see me, joined with Mr. Yancey in advising me not to face the populace thus excited or to pursue my journey through Middle Tennessee. My brother-in-law and sister coming to Atlanta the next day, Friday, took the same view. Mr. Yancey receiving telegrams demanding me from Augusta and from Charleston replied that while I sought justice in Atlanta I should not be surrendered to any othe authority.

I then proposed to leave for Richmond, asking an escort of the mayor and offering to pay the expenses of any intelligent person who would go with me to relate the true state of the case to the authorities here. This offer of mine was accepted by one Mr. W. S. Bassford, and Mr.

