
he sent the note* which is hereto appended. Finding that the reply of Mr. Toombs was not satisfactory to the governor (rather as I supposed on account of its from or mode of expression than any substantial deficiently) I sent another note to Mr. T. politely asking (if possible) a modification on his note to suit the governor's views. To this note I received no reply.

I ceased to trouble Mr. Toombs, though (as counsel for you anxious to discharge my duty) I have not ceased to endeavor to secure your release or an avowal somewhere beyond newspaper articles that there were grounds patent or latent for your confinement. So far I have been unable to get any anchorage beyond what the bare fact of your imprisonment and the circumstances I have detailed afford.

Ah, yes! It has been alleged in private circles that in 1856 while in Europe you wrote an article for the Edinburgh Review in which you gave an unfavorable view of slavery. Now, Mr. Hurlbert, I have not read it but it was wrong of you and I do not doubt you regret it, but I could not think it a sufficient ground for your arrest when I remember how many Southern men have at some period done the same or worse; and they are not confined.

Permit me to add on my personal account that in an acquaintance formed under circumstances eliciting necessarily confidential interviews and communications I have found you always frank, open and honorable. I have seen some of your private correspondence with Southern men and others, and any man may be proud of the position which they assign you. After all that has transpired within my knowledge your confinement in a felon's cell for more than a month has been to me something of a puzzle, as I have not on the one had been able to conceive that the Government is so much wanting in strength as to fear to avow the causes of your dentention, or so unjust as to protract it without cause on the other.

Very truly, &amp;c., yours,

A. JUDSON CRANE.

RICHMOND, Augusonorable R. M. T. HUNTER.

SIR: It is now some weeks since I invited your attention to the part played by the Confederate Government in my detention at this place. I have received no reply from yourself, but I have been unofficially informed that you did not feel at liberty to reopen a "case closed by your predecessor in the Department of State". This I was sorry to learn, since a decided difference of opinion as to the finality of Mr. R. Toombs' action in the case seems to exist between yourself and the governor of Virginia, of which difference I remain here the innocent victim.

But I now learn from the Honorable T. R. Cobb that "indisputable evidence now is in the possession of the authorities to prove me a secret correspondent of the New York Times traveling in this country to convey information as opportunity should offer". As Mr. Toombs never made nor pretended to make such a charge or any charge against me, openly at least, and as no such evidence was ever heard of under his administration I respectfully submit that if your Department or any Department of the Confederate Government now possesses such evidence it is my right to insist upon open prosecution of the charge and the production of the evidence, which truly does of itself reopen the case most emphatically.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

