
States, &amp;c. I inclose a form for the purpose, marked B. If they decline giving their parole in the form prescribed you will send them to Fort McHenry.

Second. As to civil officers. It is desirable that the administration of the civil and municipal concerns of the two counties should go on if possible without any interruption whatever. If any of the civil officers now in the execution of their trust have taken an oath of allegiance to the Confederate Govenment they should be required to take the oath inclosed, marked A. * it is especially desirable that the courts should hold their sessions as usual so that justice may be administered without adding to the law's delay.

Third. If the people return to their allegiance to the United states they should make such temporary provision for their own government not inconsistent with the Constitution of the United States as they may think best. For the time being it seems to me that it would be well for them to act with Western Virginia, and hold elections by proclamation of the governor as you suggest. Before taking any action on the subject myself I should like to know the views of their discreet men and see what is done in the meetings about to be held. I think it very important on their own account that they should be represented in the next Congress, and I have very little doubt that a member duly elected will be received if they act in concurrence with Western Virginia. As preliminary to this it seems to me very desirable if not necessary that they should send a member to the legislature of Western Virginia.

I intended to have stated in connection with what I have said in regard to the officers you have secured that I suppose them to belong to a volunteer force raised in the two counties, although you call them officers of the Confederate Army. My information, was different, but if I mistaken in this particular you will hold them till I can obtain the direction of the Government as to the disposition to be

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

B.

I, --- ---, do give my parole of honor that I will do no act in hostility to the Government of the United States; that I will not go beyond the limits of the country of --- without permission of the commanding officer of the U. S. forces in said county; that I will report myself in person to the said commanding officer once in seven days; that I will surrender myself to him whenever required to do so, and that in the meantime I will hold no correspondence or conversation with any person on political subjects, and have communication direct or indirect with the States in insurrection against the United States or with any person within the said insurrectionary States.

CONFIDENTIAL.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 26, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I transmit to you a letter+ which I have received from the Honorable Seth C. Hawley, of New York, who was deputed

---------------

* Omitted.

+ Letter of the 24th.

---------------

