
Case of Dr. Stephen Hagadorn.

RICHMOND, July 30, 1861.

President DAVIS.

MY DEAR SIR: Can you be prevailed on under the circumstances to release a poor distressed man, one that is laboring under rheumatic pains, one whose general health is poor, and of a broken-down constitution? I am here a prisoner, not because I have waged war against anybody; only on account of possessing a parent's anxiety to know if my son was alive, who enlisted in Wisconsin, not having seen him in many months. I reside when at home at Bath, Steuben County, N. Y. ; left on the evening of the 17th instant, promising to return last week, I am sure that no one's happiness is increased by keeping me here. I was not in any way connected with the army, neither had I any arms about me; was robbed of all my money when taken. I beg to be released. I beg to have a hearing. Don't, for humanity's sake, continue my suffering longer while it is in your power to relieve me. I am not in office of any kind; am a practicing physician and have a home, and oh! could I go and enjoy it once more. Can I? It is in your power to say. General Beauregard was made acquainted with my circumstances at Manassas and sent for me; as I was taken in the night, I was lying on the ground asleep and the officer said he could not find me. What will you do with my entreaties for mercy?

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. HAGADORN, M. D.

RICHMOND, July 30, 1861.

HON. SECRETARY OF WAR, C. S. A., Richmond.

MY DEAR SIR: My condition is the most unhappy of all men. I am imprisoned here for what I am not guilty of doing any, public or private wrong. Have not directly or indirectly been engaged in the present disturbance existing in our country. Left my business, which is the practice of medicine, on the evening of the 17th instant, intending to return last week. I am a resident of Bath, Steuben County, N. Y. Came for the express purpose of seeing my son who had come in the Second Wisconsin Regiment. Having learned when I got to Washington on Friday that a battle had been fought at Bull Run came over only to see whether he was dead or alive, and my anxiety led me to venture too far, and consequently am here. Will you as an act of humanity and kindness have the goodness to liberate me from this very revolt which I am placed? I came entirely unarmed except with money to defray expenses, which was taken from me when I was taken. It is now power to relieve suffering humanity. Will you do it? Do, I pray you, but submit I must to whatever you are pleased to direct.

Yours, in faith and submission,

S. HAGADORN, M. D.

To the WAR DEPARTMENT, Confederate States of America:

I had no time when my name was registered to give a statement of my case, which I will briefly do at this time. I left my home and business on the 17th of July to return as soon as the 27th. Did not come as an invader, having no weapons of any kind. I am in the fiftieth year of my age; am a physician, Stephen Hagadorn by name, and live at

