
Bath, Stephen County, N. Y. I came only to see a son who had enlisted in Wisconsin. Found on Sunday that a battle was being fought. Anxious as a father could be to know whether my son was alive, was too venturesome, consequently am a prisoner. My son is a prisoner here and must of course be held as such until disposed of. I ask mercy at your hands, and a release that I may go to my distressed family. When taken I was robbed of over $100 in money and papers that were valuable to me, and am as unpleasantly situated as mortal man can be on account of being detailed from my family, who of course must be much distressed on account of my absence. Will you, my dear fellow beings, let me go I pray you? I have done nothing to offed you therefore I pray you let me go.

S. HAGADORN.

BATH, STEUBEN COUNTY, N. Y., October 14, 1861.

Hon. JEFF. DAVIS, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: Among the prisoners taken at the battle of Bull Run was a Dr. S. Hagadorn, a quiet and peaceable citizen of this village. Owing to some family difficulty his son, S. H. Hagardon, had some months previous left home. As the doctor was about leaving for New York to purchase medicines, &amp;c., he learned that his son had joined some one of the regiments that had gone to Washington. With a father's anxiety he concluded to visit Washington immediately, saying he "might never see his son again should he go into battle. " On his reaching Centreville he learned that the command had moved forward, He did not see any fighting the day of the battle but went toward evening about two miles (he should judge) beyond Centreville in hopes of seeings his son if returning; if wounded to dress his wounds and to do all that affection could dictate, but your cavalry came up and he was taken prisoner.

This is the simple and truthful statement of the case given to me by his almost distracted wife, and I have written to you hoping that when you are assured he was a non-combatant, a quiet, peaceable citizen, you will release him. Dr. S. Hagardon is a man about fifty I should think, a gentleman and a Christian, and will respect his parole.

Perhaps you have forgotten me, but I remember General Jeff. Davis, who was wounded in Mexico, and whom I had the pleasure of entertaining at the month of the Rio Grande when he and his suite were en route for New Orleans. Mr. Davis, a compliance with my request will be an act of humanity and great kindness, and I will esteem it a personal favor.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

ELIZA E. OGDEN,

Widow of the late Major E. A. Ogden, U. S. Army.

[First indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

If on inquiry this case seems to be well stated let the prisoner be released on parole.

J. D. [AVIS.]

[Seonc indorsement.]

General Winder for report, in accordance with the President's indorsement.

[J. P. BENJAMIN.]

