
that I am well acquainted with the said Doctor Hagadorn and hereby freely indorse the statement and certificate foregoing and know it to be true and correct.

In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed my official seal at Bath, this 18th day of October, 1861.

O. J. AVERELL,

Deputy Clerk.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

RICHMOND, November 7, 1861.

General WINDER.

DEAR SIR: You wish to know what General Beauregard promised me. I did not see the general. The officer of the guard told me in the morning that he sent for me in the night but that he could not find me. He was so busy during the day that I could not get an opportunity to see him. I never was in Virginia until the 21st of July, about noon, and then in search of my son, to learn whether he was dead or alive. I stated the circumstances to the officers, who told me they had no doubt but not in arms; left my home and business only for a week to learn the fate of this son who had enlisted from the State of Wisconsin, having left his me and gone West some months previous.

Yours, with much respect,

S. HAGADORN,

Bath, Steuben County, N. Y.

P. S. - The officers at Manassas said they had no doubt I would be released as soon as my case was known at Richmond. My case is one that needs as much sympathy as any one's. I learn my family are in great distress.

Yours,

S. H.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, November 11, 1861.

Brigadier General J. H. WINDER, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that Dr. Stephen Hagadorn be released on parole and allowed to go to the United States.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

Case of Doctor Hilleary.

STAUNTON, August 7, 1861.

[JOHN BRANNON, Esq.]

MY DEAR FRIEND: I have been arrested and brought here by the order of Colonel Jackson or Governor Jackson, charged with having conducted the Federal troops to the top of Rich Mountain, which charge is false and I can prove it false by the whole army then stationed at Camp Garnett or Rich Mountain. I can prove also that I was with the army off and all the time it was there, working for the army day and night. My family and I never left the army until the word retreat was given and then came down to Baker's and there got Baker's carriage, hitched my horse to it and brought Captain William Ervin off. He had three of his ribs broken from a fall he received in camp and was brought

