
out to Baker's on Monday before the battle. I carried him home within a few miles of the Warm Springs. I then went on to the Springs to see my daughter and children, at which place I was arrested on Friday following and brought to this place and turned loose on parole. I do not know the meaning of it, but [am] still under arrest.

I have written to Colonel Jackson about in and asked of him to give me a hearing or a trial and I would prove to him and the whole world that I was innocent, and that when I did that I wanted to be honorably acquitted and also full satisfaction of those who perpetrated such unfounded falsehood; that I should not be satisfied until that was doell that I was a witness to a great deal of their mismanagement and bad conduct as it respects that battle, and afterward the miserable retreat of Scott's riflemen and the situation it placed Garnett's army in, and think by playing this trick on me they will get clear of it. Let me get this arrest settled up and I'll let them know that I will let the world hear of it.

My loss is great by the Federal troops and more than I shall ever recover, but that I care nothing about so we can our independence. They can have all, so that I can say I am once more a free man. Please attend to this. I have written to Governor Letcher and you will see him in person if you please. Mr. Morrall will say a few words in this case.

I remain, yours, with the greatest regard and respect,

DR. WASHINGTON HILLEARY.

[First indorsement.]

JOHN BRANNON, Esq.

DEAR SIR: I am entirely satisfied that Doctor Hilleary should be released. I know that he retreated with the army. I saw him at Huttonsville with a sick gentleman in his carriage, and also at Greenbrier River. I consider it an outrage upon him to have him detained here. I have nothing to write about our army, having heard nothing definite. I shall not leave until to-morrow. Have him released if possible.

Yours, &amp;c.,

L. D. MORRALL.

[Second indorsement.]

I have known Doctor Hilleary for several years. He has always been a true Southern man, and I am greatly surprised that any suspicion of unsoundness should have attached to him. Of course I know nothing of the charges against him, but cannot from my knowledge of him suppose for a moment that he has been guilty of any act inconsistent with his known devotion to the Southern cause or in the least affecting his integrity as a man.

JOHN BRANNON.

[Third indorsement.]

AUGUST 14, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I am satisfied from my knowledge of Mr. Brannon, State senator from the district in which Doctor Hilleary resides, and of Mr. Morrall, a resident also of the district, that neither of them would ask for the release of an unfaithful or disloyal man. Both of these gentlemen have been driven from their homes in consequence of their loyalty and devotion to the cause of the South. Their statement satisfy me that Doctor Hilleary has been improperly arrested and ought to be discharged. he is confined at Staunton, Va.

JOHN LETCHER.

