
RICHMOND, VA., August 14, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

I have learned with regret that some person has had Dr. Washington Hilleary, a former resident of Randolph County, Va., arrested on suspicicion of having piloted the Federal army around our camp at Rich Mountain. Knowing that these suspicions are entirely unfounded I feel that great injustice is being done to one of our friends. I therefore make the following statement of facts, hoping that they will be sufficient to procure his immediate release:

Doctor Hilleary resides about two miles west of Camp Garnett (Rich Mountain), at Roaring Run, and he and his family did all in their power to befriend and relieve our little army while it was at Camp Garnett, and when he heard that the Federal army was approaching he asked us to send our teams down to his house to bring to our camp all his grain, saying that he did not want it to fall into the hands of the Yankees, and he for safety fled to Beverly in the rear of our camp, and left there in company with other refugees and came on to the Walley of Virginia, where he was arrested and taken to Staunton. A young man by the name of Hart (as I learned while a prisoner) acted as pilot to the Federal army in their march through Rich Mountain.

Yours, respectfully,

J. M. HECK.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 14, 1861.

This paper has been handed me since I sent the papers in the case of Doctor Hilleary to you an hour since. Be kind enough to file it with the other papers.

JOHN LETCHER.

[Second indorsement.]

I have mad inquiry and find no record of any such person as Dr. Washington Hilleary as prisoner. There has been no such a prisoner since I have been in charge. I understand there are two prisoners in the penitentiary who do not properly belong there. It may be possible that one of them be Doctor Hilleary.

Respectfully,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

Inquiry has been made at the penitentiary and no such person is there.

J. H. W.

Case of Chaplain John F. Mines.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, August 8, 1861.

General WINDER.

SIR: Mr. Mines, who represents himself as an Episcopal clergyman, is a prisoner on parole, and is staying with the Rev. Mr. Peterkin, the pastor of Saint James Church Richmond. This Department has good reasons to believe that he does not deserve to be put on parole. You will therefore have him arrested at once and confined in prison.

By order of the Secretary of War:

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief of Bureau of War.

