
by me to go to Fort Warren and examine the condition of the prisoners there. I get to ask your attention to his suggestions, especially those which relate to the insecurity of the fort. You will perceive that this communication is one that for obvious reasons should be confidential.

Very truly, yours,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 26, 1861.

JOHN S. KEYES, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Boston, Mass.

SIR: Herewith I inclose several orders* for the release of prisoners from Fort Warren which I will thank you to execute.

Representations have been made to this Department that a certain person who obtained a permit to visit the political prisoners confined in the several forts has abused this privilege by seeking to be employed as an attorney to intercede for their release from confinement. You will therefore please inform all the prisoners confined at Fort Warren that this Department will not recognize any person as an attorney in such cases, and that if the fact comes to the knowledge of the Department that any prisoner has agreed to pay any attorney a sum of money or to give to him anything of value as a consideration for interceding for the release of such prisoner that fact will be held as an additional reasonf or continuing the confinement of such person. You will also please say to the prisoners that it is the wish of the Government that they should communicate whatever they may have to say directly to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washignton, November 26, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

SIR: The permit to visit political prisoners which was granted some time since to William H. Ludlow, esq., has been revoked.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

(Same to Colonel Martin Burke, Fort Lafayette, N. Y., and Colonel G. Loomis, Fort Columbus, N. Y.)
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a list of prisoners at Fort McHenry on the 19th instant. No additions have been made until to-day. A man by the name of Coe has been sent there, but I am not prepared at this moment to report his case. It would be a great convenience if all these prisoners including Thomas (Zarvona) could be sent away.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Seward to Dimick, November 26, case of Kearney, et al., post.

---------------

