
worm might be pardoned if he turned again. When I was leaving Manassas Colonel Hatch hold me that it (my coming to Richmond) would make no difference as to my parole; that those who were sent home would go via Fort Monroe, so I supposed the matter was settled as far as I was concerned, but if not let me make to yourself the same plea as to him and referring to honored clergy of my order as to my character let me beg the restoration of my parole. God is my witness (an let my past character testify to the solemnity of the oath) that never by thought, word or deed have I intentionally violated the solemn parole that I hold still binding upon me.

Since I have been here I have met the Reverend Doctor Quintard, a personal friendn of a Tennessee regiment; and Bishop Atkinson is here, who knows me by reputation. They know that I belong to a church that was always peaceful; that my own sermons strove for peace to the last; that my word and character are unimpeachable, and that I have assured them of a total change in my impressions and opinions since my stay here and my consequent desire to go back with words of peace. I have by my parole freely and fully acknowledged the independence of the Confederate States of America. I did it freely and without conditions of exchange annexed. I am glad to say that every day strengthens my conviction as to my duty to have done so and to labor for peace, and I appeal to you, sir, whether one who for humanity's sake remained behind the disgraceful flight of the 21st would ever intentionally utter unprovoked or dishonorable words? Let them who know me and my unspotted character as a presbyter of the church plead against such an accusation. At Manassas I sought to comfort the wounded and dying. I soothed the last hours of Major Ballou; spent a night with Lieutenant Adrian, of the Louisiana Special Battalion, treated with kindness to be forgotten; and Mr. Sprague, one of the six rescuers of Colonel Gardner, will tell you that he dates the dawn of a new life from a Sunday spent with me in the barn at Manassas. Here I do all in my power, ready and glad to work. Young and with a young family, a non-commissioned and not strong physically, I make this plea, that as for humanity and religion's sake I remained behind the rout so for humanity's sake I may be placed on my parole and released.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your humble and obedient servant,

JOHN F. MINES,

Chaplain Second Regiment Maine Volunteers.

P. S. - I beg leave to refer to the Reverend Doctor Quintard, of Memphis, Tenn; to Bishop Atkinson, of North Carolina, and the Rev. F. Fitzgerald, late editor of the Church Intelligence at Raleigh, and now chaplain; to Reverend Doctor Peterkin, and to Lieutenant Adrian, of the Louisiana Special Battalion, &amp;c.

NOTE. - Wednesday night, July 22, I spent with Lieutenant Adrian, of the Louisiana Special Battalion, having long conversations with him. He will gladly testify, I doubt not, to the moderation of my sentiments and words. Other officers could do the same if I could recall their names.

LABURNUM, November 16, 1861.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &.

MY DEAR SIR: There is a Yankee chaplain named Mines now in confinement in Richmond as a prisoner of war who is most importunate to be released. Having been arrested at my suggestion his appeals

