
that time. We mt in the hospital not far from the field on which Sherman's (Ricketts') battery was captured, which was filled with your wounded countrymen who had been abandoned as hundreds of others of them were by their army, their surgeons and their chaplains, in misery to die upon the field if not rescued by the brave and kindhearted men whom they had sought for destruction. I found you apparently well, in the grab of an officer, in the midst of the wounded and dying and in sight of the battle-field which though filled with graves was still covered with your slain. You seemed to be intelligent and I asked permission of you to propound one or two questions to you. You gave it and I said, " Will you have the kindness to tell me what view of the subject induced you to invade our country and take part in a war which has brought upon your own people (pointing to the wounded) so much suffering and was intended to inflict greater ills upon us?" You replied: "I am a chaplain, an Episcopal clergymen. I had escaped beyond the reach of harm, but my conscience made me come back to look after the wounded. " I then expressed my surprise that you should be here, as at the North the only religious denominations which had mae any show of resisting the war and defending the rights of the South were the Episcopalians and Catholic; to which you rejoined that "more than half the chaplains in the army were Episcopalians and Democrats who had been changed in a night from opponents to advocates of the war by the firing on Fort Sumer," and you proceeded to justify the war not only on that ground but upon the ground that the North could never acknowledge the right of secession, but must treat secession as rebellion and put it down, and upbraided us for our inconsistency in denying to the revolting portion of Northwestern Virginia, whose conduct you justified, the right of secession which the South claimed; and when I pointed out the difference in the cases, showing first that the northwest did not propose to secede, and secondly was acting in plain violation of the statute of Virginia which denounces as treason any attempt to set up another government in Virginia in opposition to the existing government and in violation of the Constitution of the (late) United States which forbids the division of any State without the assent both of Congress and the State legislature, you still defended the Peirpoint government, saying that you were familiar with the Constitution, though you afterward confessed that you hince you left school. You expressed these sentiments in an excited and as it seemed to me in a most vindictive manner.

The result of the whole interview was to impress me, as it did our excellent surgeon, Doctor Smith, of the Seventh Louisiana Regiment, who was attending your wounded, and my brother-in-law, Major Penn, of the same regiment, who were auditors and spectators of the scene, with the conviction that you were a most improper person to be at large and especially among the prisoners. In addition to this Doctor Smith afterward told me that you intermeddled with his treatment of the wounded prisoners and endeavored to dissatisfy the with it, and he believed that you also repressed in them any tendency to penitence and stimulated them to the maintenance of your own views. Of the correctness of these opinions, certainly of the first, I had the evidence of my own senses before I left the hospital. In addition to these things I heard you spoken of at a subsequent time in terms of condemnation by others, who expressed the opinion that you ought not to be at large.

When therefore I heard that you were in Richmond I felt in my duty to communicate all that I knew about you to the honorable Secretary of War and express the opinion that you ought to be arrested,

