
I inclose you acceptance for $1,200, which I could have sent but hoped to hand it in person. I am a thousand times obliged to you for your ready response to my letter. In these hard times it is very welcome; I shall have money soon, and am in hopes to realize a good sum from some of my labors here during the winter, but I can't get it just now. I am glad to hear what you say about Tennessee - that awful leech on all of us. Woodward has my bonds and stock. I will direct him to send them to you, to be used as you think best. It is a perfect godsend to get anything from that quarter.

I am happy to say that the warm weather is taking the stiffness out of my fingers and that I can handle my pen with more ease. My right hand is pretty good; the left is still ailing. I cannot find words to express my feelings to you and your most estimable wife for the loss of that sweet child, Sallie. I can appreciate your feelings, for you know we h ave lost five. Each one seemed to break a heartstring. Afflictions crowded on us, but still we managed to hold up and look upon them as dispensations of Good, and we must not murmur at His decrees. Present my most affectionate regards, to Mrs. Abrams and talk to her in this way, as I have a hundred times to Mrs. Harris under similar circumstances.

I shall be at Versailles, Woodford County, Ky., in about ten days. Please write me there, and whatever you have not send me let it be on New York. Remember me to all of friends.

Yours, truly,

A. HARRIS.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

VERSAILLES, KY., August 18, 1861.

DEAR ARNOLD: Your letter of the 9th instant was received on yesterday, the only we have had from you since your arrest. It afforded great relief to us, as we had not heard a word from you direct since I left you in Washington. At no time, however, have we ever thought that you were in any personal danger, or that you were not well cared for by the many friends you would doubtless meet in Richmond. I have written you several letters since I parted with you in Washington (by mail), none of which I suppose you have received.

The moment it was known in Washington that you had gone for Colonel Cameron's body all the Republicans of the city pitched into the Secretary of War hot and heavy for sending a rebel within the lines of the enemy from Washington City at so critical a time. You were denounced in unmeasured terms by them. Had the Confederates made an assault upon Alexandria, Arlington or Washington within a day or two after you left it would have been evidence sufficient in the minds of all Republicans to establish the fact that you were a rebel spy, and had reported their demoralized condition.

After the battle of Manassas many of your friends who desired you to go on the errand you did regretted it much, after they saw the course events were taking after you left the city. When I reached Kentucky I saw the governor immediately. He wrote to Jeff. Davis - I fear with but little effect, as he knew but little about your case. I will see J. C. Breckinridge to-day in company with Tom Hawkins, and if we can effect anything I will get him to write to President Davis. Rest at ease in your mind concerning the welfare of your family. I will keep in my care, and attend to all their wants until you are released, and as soon as I find they are not safe at my home in Kentucky I will take them with my own "little flock" to some safe harbor

