
we will have a good time during the race week at Lexington and Louisville.

You must write us as often as you can, and we will do the same. All join in love to yourself and Magraw. You are too wise man to be thus victimized.

Yours,

A. BUFORD.

If my services are acceptable to Jeff. Davis, and he is willing to trust a man who has fought as long and honestly as I have for the neutrality of his motive State, he can command them.

A. BUFORD.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

LEXINGTON, KY., August 18, 1861.

Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.

DEAR SIR: At the suggestion of Colonel T. T. Hawkins and other gentlemen I now give you the substance of a conversation between Mr. Arnold Harris and myself the morning after the battle of Manassas:

He came to my rooms that morning; spoke of the great excitement in Washington; alluded to the fact that at the outbreak of hostilities he had been urged to take command of a regiment, which he refused to do; informed me that late the night before he had been urged to take a command, and threatened in case of refusal; said that his reply was that he would not enter the U. S. service; stated that he considered himself in danger and desired to leave, and earnestly advised me to leave the city on account of threats against my person which had come to his ears. I think Mr. Harris was regarded in Washington as decidedly Southern in his views and sympathies.

I had no knowledge, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.

Hon. PHILIP DANDRIDGE.

MY DEAR SIR: * * * Mr. Arnold Harris, whole hand is crippled, is present and requests me to add that Zollicoffer ought to be instantly re-enforced to enable him to penetrate to Lexington; otherwise he will be driven back, and the Federals will take possession of the railroad north of Knoxville, thus cutting off all communication between Virginia and the Southwest. Not less than 5,000 men should be sent to him at once. A strong force should also be sent to Prestonville to move forward simultaneously with Zollicoffer. The arrival of these two converging corps would swell the Confederate army by 20,000 good men. Send all the Tennessee troops that be spared from Virginia for this service.

The Northwest is pouring its hordes into Kentucky. No less than 12,000 entered the State last week at Cincinnati and Louisville. They volunteer under the belief that the Kentuckians are in the fight and that they are marching to the rescue against the fire-eating invasion. If Johnston does not advance and dispel this delusion they will have 200,000 men disputing with him their passage into Tennessee before the middle of December.

I shall write to Beverly on gun and financial matters to-day.

Your friend,

GEO. N. SANDERS.

