
Lieutenant Gibbons' detachment, in which two of the latter were killed. Lieutenant Gibbons states that his party crossed the Rio Grande without his knowledge or consent.

On the 14th instant I returned to this post and sent First Sergt. T. L. Wilson with five men to recall Lieutenant Gibbons and party to this post, but too late to remedy the evil the lieutenant has caused, as the two men were killed on the night the latter detachment left this place. The two parties returned to this post on the evening of the 18th instant, when I placed Lieutenant Gibons under arrest until such time as I receive instructions from you how I shall proceed in his (Second Lieutenant Gibbons') case.

I also inclose a copy of a letter from the commandant of Presidio which will more fully explain the transaction at that place. I have likewise reported the affair to the regimental headquarters and inclose a copy of Colonel Baylors' order. I also inclose official documents from the Mexican authorities, which I send in the original as I have no person to translate them correctly. When you have them translated please return the original for future reference.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. ADAMS,

Captain, Second Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Donna Ana, October 3, 1861.

Captain W. C. ADAMS, Commanding Company.

SIR: I am informed that there is a man at Presidio del Norte by the name of Wulff who is a spy. I want him enticed over on this side of the river and taken prisoner and sent to these headquarters in irons.

Respectfully,JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comd. 2nd Regiment Texas Mounted Rifles, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

OCTOBER 16, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF PRESIDIO DEL NORTE.

DEAR SIR: I gave my men permission to come on your side of the river to see the place, and of your citizens invited them to come and pass the night, and as they were treated so well in the forepart of the day I gave them permission to come and spend the night and there are two of my men missing. You will please let me know what became of them. You will also please let me know all about the difficulty.

As commander of the party I will have to give account of these men that are missing; therefore you will please let me know all about it, and by so doing you will oblige, yours, truly,

GIBBONS,

Lieutenant.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

PRESIDIO DEL NORTE, October 16, 1861,.

Lieutenant EMORY GIBBONS.

DEAR SIR: Your favor was received and am sorry to state that your two men are now killed and buried on this side of the river. There were five of your men in company with Mr. Joseph Leaton at a dance, and at 3 o'clock this morning they disappeared from the dance. Four of them knocked at the door of Mr. A. F. Wullf, and as he asked what

