
they wanted they answered him in a friendly way and asked him for hospitality until morning, and total him that it was cold. As Mr. Wulff opened the door two of them walked in and caught said Mr. Wulff by the hair and forced him out of the door. While so doing he let out a cry for help, when they presented two pistol and told him to stop that or they would kill him. They then took him along, and as his wife let out loud cries and woke up the neighbors and asked for I felt it my duty to order the citizens to go after Mr. Wulff; not with the intention to fight or kill anybody, but as the men caught up with them they asked for Mr. Wulff, and the first thing they did was to get out their pistols. They shot one of my citizens and came very near killing him. Two of your men kept up a regular fire, and the other two that came behind them killed one of my men. These four were the only ones that showed fight. The other one ran through the bushes with J. Leaton and escaped; also the two that came behind escaped. If they had given up the man and had not shot first nothing would have happened. The balance of the particulars you will find out from the commanding officer at Fort Davis.

I remain, yours, respectfully,

BENIGNO CONTRERAS.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

PRESIDIO DEL NORTE, October 16, 1861.

Captain ADAMS, Commanding Officer, C. S. Army, Fort Davis.

DEAR SIR: Although I have not the honor to be acquainted with you personally you will excuse my addressing you in stating what has been committed here by persons styling themselves C. S. troops belonging to your post and your company.

Yesterday morning some four Americans came over here to town and after awhile to my store, Mr. Joe Biehl alone with them, introducing one of these as Tom Krain or Wrain. (This one used to keep in the years 1854 and 1855 a bar-room between the old bridge and the blackish shop on the main street in San Antonio.) After I offered them a drink, which only one of them accepted, they inquired for Lieutenant White and Mr. Murphy, whom they expected to find still here. Tom, as I will call him inquired if I had any corn of the quartermaster. I replied that I had not, on the ground that my contract was indirectly with Mr. Murphy, and my not knowing the men.

They left, and returning in the afternoon commenced conversation. I learned from them that they had been out on a scout for thirty days and that part of their animals were broken down; that they wanted to exchange some American horses for Spanish ones. Tom inquired what a man could do for making a living in this country, stating that San Antonio was no place at all for the present. From all this I suspected them to be deserters from one of your posts. At 3 o'clock this morning I was awakened by repeated knocks at my door and I recognized by the voice said Tom, who requested me to let him have a place to lay down as he was in the street and did not know where to go. I hesitated awhile in answering to his request, but they renewing their knocks at the different doors of my house and my wife having lighted a candle, by which means they could see where I and my family were sleeping, I thought it better to open for fear they might commit some wrong. I went to open to them myself, but as soon as I got in their sight two, Tom and another one, got hold and told me that I was their prisoner. I hallooded for help, but in the same instant they drew

