
their pistols, putting them to my breast and threatened to shoot me at once if I would make any noise and got with them. I begged them to have mercy on my wife, whom I heard crying, but they pulled me off. One man was left to guard the door so that nobody could get out. My wife trying to get out was repulsed. One man was following me from a distance.

I wanted to know the reason for this treacherous and barbarous act, but all I could learn was that I had to follow them on the other side for the purpose of signing a document for lands belonging to Mr. E. Hall, Joe Leaton and orphan children, as they said, and which the Mexicans from this side intended to take away from them and that I was the leader of the Mexican. They mentioned also your name - that they were waiting for you. Captain White will be able to give you more information about these lands than I can, as I always keep out of business concerning Mr. Hall and Joe Leaton.

While I was led away one of my wife's brothers succeeded in jumping over the wall of my corral. Meanwhile the one that guarded the door had left and joined those that were leading me. My wife, who as I heard say got nearly crazy, was running berefooted in the street and crying for help. My brother-in-law went to the president of the place and by his exertion and my wife's clamors a party of men was soon afoot. They reached us and passed those that were going behind, although they were threatened to be shot. We were about 500 yards, I suppose more than that, being a good was off below the hill. The good people of this place got in about fifteen yards from me and called my name. Tom's help let me got at once and faced the Mexicans, pistol in hand, which they had both all the way as well as those behind me. I tried for a moment to hold Tom's arm, so as to prevent him from shooting me or any of the Mexicans. He had threatened me before that if any help should come he would me first. Being consideration frightened and excided I let him go and escaped him whil and from that moment there was a continual firing; there must have been exchanged at least fifty shots.

One of the Mexicans was killed, as also Tom and my other leader. Two of them escaped - there were six in all over that night counting Joe Leaton. Joe and some one else were seen passing the river as soon as the affair over. I am confident that Joe Leaton, whose character is sufficiently known without my saying anything about it, was the leader of the outrage committed on my person and homestead by trespassing into Mexico.

These, dear sir, are the facts I have to state, leaving it entirely to your judgment and justice how to act. I have to say in the meantime that on the Texas side there is no proper authority. I inclose you also a communication from the president of this place. The authorities of this place have always manifested the most friendly feeling to our Government of which they have at different times given example, and on the recent visit of Lieutenant White they expressed the same disposition as ever.

I suppose you are aware that Mr. P. Murphy and myself are furnishing your post with hay; and furthermore that I agree to furnish your post for the present with 1,000 bushels of corn and also some small quantity of wood. But considering that my life in my own house is exposed as it has been - as I really had not the least hope of ever returning - I do not wish to expose my property on a road which no doubt cannot be considered safe. Besides I know I will not be able to

