
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 27, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th instant inclosing a list of prisoners confined at Fort McHenry and suggesting that it would be a great convenience if they could be sent away. In reply I have to request that you will send them all to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 27, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: The Secretary of State has been informed* that Mr. William H. Judlow has represented to some of the prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette that he posseses or can use some influence with the Government in their behalf, and has made it a ground for obtaining from them money in hand or engagements for money or other valuable considerations.

Discoutenancing and repudiating all such practices the Secreteary of State desires that all the state prisoners may understand that they are expected to revoke all such engagements now existing and avoid any hereafter, as they can only lend new complications and embarrassments in the cases of prisoners in whose behalf the Government might be disposed to act with liberality.

All prisoners can communicate directly by letter to either the Secretary of State through Colonel Burke himself or any unpaid and disinterested agent whom they may find for that purpose.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

(Same to Colonel Justin Dimick, Fort Warren, Boston.)

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, DISTRICT OF MASSACHUSETTS, Boston, November 27, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: * * * Colonel Dimick had received no orders relating to Fort Independence and I am therefore still waiting for him before transferring the prisoners to that fort. I am still qutie desirous that it should be done as in every way preferable to the present location. I have no additional facts to report in the matter of H. C. Wainwright. +

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KYES,

U. S. Marshal.

---------------

*See Hawley to Seward, November 25, p. 149.

+See case of the Messrs. Maury p. 1041, et esq.

---------------

