
find any Mexican to work for me on the other side of the river and consequently I will be unable to fill any contract for your post, if you cannot give me sufficient protection. I do not know whom to blame besides Joe for this act of barbarism. This morning I learned that a party of twenty-seven men was at Fort Leaton; they certainly must have some commanding officer if they are, as I am now convinced, regular troops of the Southern Confederacy and belonging to Fort Davis. This morning when the affair took place they were encamped on the bank of the river and while the shooting was going on they saddled and left for Fort Leaton.

On the Americans that got killed and [who] have been buried since, two due bills were found, due to John B. Bowles for C. S. services, one for $100 and the other for $10, the first signed by H. P. Courtney and the second by John McNamee, witnessed by Thomas Wilson, proving the men to belong to your company - Captain Adams, Company C, Second Regiment. The original notes I hold for your disposition. Mr. E. St. Marc, from San Antonio, arrived from Chihuahua the night before and intended to leave for your place; but is now so much afraid that he does not want to risk his person and money until I hear from you. At about 12 o'clock to-day eight men of the party have been seen on this side of the river, and the main party is still at Fort Leaton. Tom was a thick underset them with red whiskers.

Hoping, dear sir, you will excuse my long and somewhat tedious communication and requesting your answer to this by the bearer, remain, dear sir, your obedient servant,

A. F. WULFF.

PRESIDIO DEL NORTE, November 16, 1861.

DEAR FRIEND MURPHY: I escaped once more. Providence seems to protect me - this time I did not expect to see my family again. I am too excited yet to give you the details. Captain Adams, to whom I am sending an express, will no doubt communicate to you the contents of my letter, besides the bearer will be able to tell you all about it. My poor wife was as much and perhaps more frightened than I, although as I say I did not expect to return. Joe Leaton was the one that laid the plot no doubt, and it will I hope be proved by Captain Adam's men. Two of his men got killed and one Mexican. Dear Pat, do what you can to have Joe apprehended. If my men need some provisions to go home let them have it and say how much. I am revising the contract business also; please inform yourself regarding it.

Yours, in haste,

A. F. WULFF.

P. S. - Write my also by bearer and state me your opinions and views about matters. I believe we might just as well give up furnishing Fort Davis. I don't know who I will get to work for us on the other side of the river under these circumstances. I suspend everything until I hear from Captain Adams. I hope the hay cutters will not be disturbed; the intended calling them back but nobody wants to go.

Case of S. A. Pancoast.

S. A. Pancoast is a native of New Jersey and a Quaker. For his history and character see the affidavit of Robert B. Sherrard (marked Inclosure No. 14). Mr. Sherrard is a gentleman of known standing and character. Pancoast so excited the suspicions of his neighbors

