
agreeably to the little king's desire or order. I have been worried about they clothes, thinking they must have given out and no money to replace them, little thinking even they were kept from thee. How uncomfortable on that score! I don't see how thee has done. Surely a blessing cannot attend such things. I do hope the lawyer will see and attend soon to thy case. Doctor Tapt's wife has a brother who is a lawyer, the name Haxall. Doctor says he wrote to Martin Maddox, proprietor of a hotel in Richmond, to supply thee with money and anything thee needed to make the comfortable. Has the heard from him? Emily inclosed at $5 note in her letter sent with mine and under the same cover about two weeks ago which doctor said must be directed in care of the provost-marshal. She thought it might aid thee in reaching home or at least procure some comfort in thy prison; heartrending to think of it. If every one around them was a true and honorable in feeling as thee they would have little to fear. It seems there is a man in Romeny who was formerly conductor on the railroad while thee was doing business and had the agency that said he knew thee, which is even made a handle of. Oh! what a world we live in and in what sad times! I always heard the South were a generous, hospitable, whole-souled people, and with such we thought we should like to live, and left our own comfortable home and friends to cone here, for what? to be suspected, abused and trampled on. I have said to myself they are civilized and gentlemen, surely redress will speedily be given; but day has succeeded day till two months have passed by without it. We feel as if we could set out and walk to Richmond to see the President if it would avail anything. Oh! if he only knew thy integrity of character not the shadow of a blot would remain in his mind. I wish he would see thee himself. I fancy thee sick and sad, crushed down with no one to care, and pray these days may speedily be ended and we suffered to pass our few remaining ones in quiet peace in this our home of adoption. It makes the heart ache to know all thee has been subjected to. I went up to Emily's for the first time since thee left us, or was taken from us, on Monday to assist her in sausage making, &amp;c. We did not get throught till late on Tuesday night, and next day she had such a violent attack of sick headache I could not leave. Mollie and Mamie staid with their unties till Wednesday evening; they had had colds but are now I believe all pretty well. I don't know whether doctor has returned to camp but expect so. He promised E. to bring S. Reed up soon to stay with him. Thee is not tell us how thee blistered thy hand, or how thy time is passed; whether thee can have books or is made in any way or degree comfortable, but has many a wary hour I know. Doctor still holds the same position of assistant surgeon. He calls here occasionally, and is as kind I believe as his nature and disposition will amid of. He says the pood little pigeons are in Winchester and cared for. I hope they are. We have written to George and directed to his uncle some weeks since but have heard nothing. Shall also write to President Davis, to go on in company with his, begging his attention to thee and the facts of the case from thyself. May a merciful Father direct him, that thee may soon return to home and us. Philip is kind and interested for us and thee. I don't know how we should have got along without him. We have kept pretty well in health of late, but I should think if this war goes on many a one will lose their reason. Would have could have peace again. We are having very cold weather these few days past and is now hailing; snow on the ground but not very weather. If thee only was here we could endure cold and privations. Do write soon and say

