
what is the prospect, unless thee is acquitted so soon as to render that needless. Surely they do not wish to oppress and tyrannize, and as they hope for justice will be willing to award it. Flo and Lilly talk of writing; the one has a hadeache and the other face ach this evening, so as not to feel well enough; hope to be well to-morrow. Neither thee nor us passed a pleasant Christmas or New Year. May the days grow brighter. The girls send a heart full of love to thee, in which joins sadly thy fondly affectionate wife,

R. M. P[ANCOAST].

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, January 14, 1862.

S. S. BAXTER, Esq., Commissioner, Richmond, Va.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to refer the inclosed letter to you and to request that you will give it early attention.

Respectfully,

A. T. BLEDSOE,

Chief Bureau of War.

[Inclosure.]

BLOOMERY, January 6, 1862.

President DAVIS:

My object in addressing you is to ask for you interference in a matter where a most grievous wrong has been done and a most unjust act perpetrated. My husband has been arrested an taken to Richmond where he is now kept a prisoner. The order for his arrest came I believe from General Jackson, whose mind I am assured has been poisoned by an enemy of my husband and through whose influence Mr. Pancoast was removed to Richmond prison. I received a letter from him a day or two since, the first I have gotten since his removal to the latter place. He informed us that he had no hearing and is kept in jail without any of the comforts to which he is accustomed. He is entirely innocent of the charges laid to him and is in every respect a true and loyal citizen. He told me in the letter above named that he had written to you but believed the letter had never been sent. Also mentioned having written to myself several times which letters I have never received. I suppose they would have arrived safely if permitted to leave Richmond. We have written to him but he has never seen a line from us. His arrest occurred on the 11th of November, and since that time he has been kept from us, who are needing him at home, under utterly false charges and disgraceful suspicions without being allowed even a trial. President Davis, I entreat you to give your attention to this latter. I and my two daughters are left entirely unprotected. Mr. Pancoast'sg way and what he is enduring is sufficient to make his reason also. He is all the world to us. Be just to him; give a hearing; there can be nothing proved against him for he has done nothing and in justice and mercy allow him to return to his home. In doing this you will receive our ever grateful remembrances and respect.

RACHEL M. PANCOAST.

RICHMOND, January 16, 1861.

SIDNEY S. BAXTER, Esq.

SIR: I herewith send you this letter relating to Mr. Pancoast's case, and has I presume you have every inclination, will give him the benefit of an early hearing.

CHAS. FAULKNER.

