
he designed only to bring in a few sacks. Two or three weeks after this communication with Carson he started on this salt business; he went to Paw Paw depot and crossed the river there at a private crossing place distant twelve miles from his residence; after crossing the river he went to Hancock; he stated he wanted to see General Coope and was permitted to pass the enemy's troops without molestation; he went so Williamsport where Colonel Kenly was in command; says he had not seen Cooper and stated to Colonel Kenly he wanted to get salt; Kenly repulsed him roughly; he then asked if he could go to see Linclon; Kenly replied if he got permission to transport salt it should not pass, but he would not be molested in going to see Linclon; says he want from Williamsport to Hagerstown, from Hagerstown to Frederick, from Frederick he went to Washington; at Washington he says he put up at the National Hotel; he did not know a soul; did not make the acquaintance of any one; told his business to no one; employed no agents and interested no one in his business; says on the two days succeeding his arrival he went to the President's house, waited in the anteroom and had no opportunity to get admission; he says on the third say early in the morning he breakfasted and went to the Presdident's before the President's breakfast, and sent in his card; he was called in the room where Mr. Lincoln was in the hands of a barber, who was shaving him; he stated he was from Hampshire and asked him if by his (Lincoln's) last proclamation he intended to strike Hampshire out of Western Virginia? He explains this question thus: Mr. Lincoln had issued two proclamation arranging military districts. In the western the people passed to other States without molestation, in the eastern they could not. He thinks Mr. Lincoln did not answer the question but said he sympathized with them; says the conversation did not last five minutes. Mr. Lr his writing desk and wrote a note to General Scott to permit him to transport salt; he took the note to Scott; Scott sent him to Cameron who said it was Scott's business, and on his return Scott gave him the letter (Inclosure No. 6); says he never mentioned the business to anyone. Immediately, in less than half an hour, left Washington and took the cars to Philadelphia; arrived there that night and there for the first time learned his son was in the Northern army. Left early the next morning; went to Frederick, saw General Cooper, there got a permit from him to pass salt. This permit was taken from him by Kenly who refused to pass salt unless he would limit the quantity; he says he then came home, went to Colonels Monroe, McDonald and General Carson and got their permission to import salt; afterward he returned to Washington. General Scott was displaced and he, Pancoast, got Camp to aid him and Camp procured the renewal of the order from General McClellan. When asked who Camp was he said he was one of the proprietors and editors of the New York Tribune; when pressed as to commencement of negotiation between Camp and himself, he said after he got General Scott's order and was in the cars going to Philadelphia Camp came to him in the cars and asked to see Scott's permit; when he saw it Camp and said it was worth $50,000 and pressed to be let into the speculation. Pancoast agreed to meet him the next day in Philadelphia; Pancoast says he left Philadelphia in the next morning's train to avoid Camp, but says when he had gone to Williamsport and found Kenly would not let the salt pass and after he got the permits from Monroe, McDonald and Carson he returned to Washington. Scott was then displaced and he could not get access to McClellan. He met with Camp, who renewed the conversation. He agreed to let Camp have one-third of the profits to be made form the speculation. Camp

