
without a single question, told the secretary to write me an order for Hampshire County. The secretary asked under what restrictions. He said, "None, sir, only under the direction of General Cooper. " I then asked him to have Governor Thomas' name included as I had formerly been acquainted with him. General Cooper at once gave me an order to Colonel Kenly to pass into Virginia with salt, groceries, &amp;c., which was directed to Kenly. I then saw Thomas, who wanted me to give him information and assistance in having some men arrested on our side of the river, which I so bitterly opposed that he would not only render me no assistance but went ahead of me to Kenly and got him to take and keep my permission of Cooper's, but to send me back to Washington again, saying I was a secessionist and would feed the whole rebel army. Instead of going immediately back I thought it best to come home after taking in a partner (John A. Green, who is strong Southern in his feelings) and get authority from the head of the army here. I did go to General Carson, Colonels McDonald and Monroe, all of whom gave me such articles of consent-right that I thought I had full authority and was doing a good fact for my country South. I then with these papers went no again, after waiting several days to see McClellan, and finding it impossible almost for me to do it alone I agreed to give Mr. Camp, from New York, one-third of the profits if he would get him to renew it. After several days' detention he brought it to me signed. I objected as it named Union men, by the lawyer said who drew the contract that the language used by McClellan renewed the first in all its purity and so I thought it was, and after making arrangements with Mr. Green to purchase salt, &c., and started as soon as practicable. I came on to got to Richmond to see President Davis, get his approval to it and to ask him and the governor to grant permission for those small farmers who have no market along the harbor to trade their grain, hay, hoop poles, &c., for salt and groceries to make them comfortable and save them meat. My wife some eighteen months ago was presented by her brother in New Jersey with a half dozen little tumbler pigeons, which being of so slow a flight have been all but one caught by the hawks, and passing through the market in Baltimore, and seeing some, I gave 62 1/2 cents a pair for two pair, and a pair of ruffle necks, which I brought home with me and for which the house was searched and the pigeons taken and kept up to this time, I hear, for carrier pigeons. My enemies hunting that hard to injure me, having nothing else, try to make something out of that, but I here positively assert that from the time of my signing the oath up to the time of my arrest that I have not broken that oath either in thought, word or deed. I was arrested by my house being open the night of my return and taken to Capon Bridge, the same day to Winchester, where General Jackson ordered me to be imprisoned, but Colonel Byrd, who was acquainted with me, thought I was too old a man to be put in the guard house for what I had done; put me on my parole. I remained a week, when Byrd told me he had resigned and placed me in charge of Batts, who at once put me in the guard house filled with body lice, and where for ten days I have suffered awfully for one who thinks he has done no wrong.

S. A. PANCOAST.

I omitted to state that owingmas' objections to my carrying salt, groceries, &c., into Virginia on account of feeding the army here that I came to Generals Carson, McDonald and Monroe to get a statement that they would not have the salt impressed. After

