
that I went back to fulfill the arrangements, and which papers, with the agreement with Green and Camp, are in the hands of General Jackson, and at the time that this was going forward they were the only officers in command in this part of the country. General Jackson was not here and having done nothing only by consent of the authorities in command I think it hard that I should suffer.

[S. A. P.]

[Inclosure No. 2.]

[RICHMOND], January 14, 1862.

Judge BAXTER.

RESPECTED SIR: I find that I made a mistake in my statement. It had entirely slipped my memory that after I saw General Cooper at the Eutaw House where he gave me that letter to General Scott that I went back to Washington from there and it was then and there I again saw Camp and Green, Green for the first time, who was sent for by Camp and who returned with me to Baltimore to see Cooper. Not finding him at the Eutaw we went on to Frederick, where we found him and where I took that memorandum thee showed me yesterday. From there I third the horse and buggy for Romney and Winchester. thee is mistaken where Camp Carroll is. I am told here that it is within a mile and three-fourths of the Eutaw House and that General Cooper made Eutaw House his headquarters. So much for his heading his letter Camp Carroll. The other doubt in thy mind against me as regards influence with the President I cannot as yet satisfy thy mind, but will if life lasts. I also send a letter from wife* to me; not so much to parade here feelings as to show thee that she did send me a former letter in which my married daughter put $5, which was directed to the provost-marshal, Richmond, and to ask thee if thee pleases to inform me how I will find it is it has not been heard of by me. For the return of my letter with such information I will be much obliged. Excuse this freedom for I have none else to ask.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. A. PANCOAST.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

VIRGINIA, County of Frederick, to wit:

Private John Allery this day made oath before me, a justice of the peace in and for said county, that a few days ago in conversation with him Samuel A. Pancoast, who resides at or near Bloomery, in Hampshire County, Va., inquired of him "If thee had a near relative who was a Union man and he inquired of thee the way to a particular place what would thee to - would thee tell him or not?" To which affiant replied, "Considering the state of things now I should certainly as a true Virginia arrest him. " He then asked affiant if he thought that would be treason. I replied, "I do not know. " He then said, "If thee call that treason, then I am guilty," as he had told two men the way to a particular place; that those two men came to this house and inquired the way to a particular place and he told them to way. This statement was accompanied by such question on the part of Samuel Pancoast as induced the affiant to believe that the two men referred to were passing from the South to the North.

Given under my hand this 31st day of August, 1861.

GEO. W. WARD,

Justice of the Peace.

---------------

*Omitted here; see p. 1531.

---------------

