
VIRGINIA, County of Frederick, to wit:

Private B. J. Engle this day made oath before me, a justice of the peace for said county, that before the adoption of the ordinance of secession by the popular vote of Virginia, but after its passage by the convention, the above-named Samuel A. Pancoast remarked to affiant that he (Engle) was born in Virginia and when therein he supposed he would go with the South, but that he (Pancoast) was born and raised in the North; as was natural his sympathies were with the North.

Given under my hand this 31st day of August, 1861.

GEO. W. WARD,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

CAPON BRIDGE, November 11, 1861.

Colonel McDONALD:

I have taken the responsibility of having Samuel A. Pancoast arrested. His own admissions satisfy me that something is wrong. The evidence will be furnished as soon as possible.

A. HARPER,

Commanding at Capon Bridge.

N. B. - Nothing has occurred since my last that I know of worthy of note.

A. H.

[Inclosure No. 5.]

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH BRIGADE OF VIRGINIA MILITIA, Winchester, Saturday, August 31, 1861.

We, the undersigned having been discharged from custody on our parole of honor, dot heath for himself promise and declare that he will be a true, faithful and loyal citizen to the State of Virginia, in war as well as in peace, and full and perfect obedience render to her States of America, of which said State is a member, so long as he shall reside therein; and that he will in no wise nor to any extent give aid or comfort the her enemies, or to those of said Confederate States, especially to the United States, who are now waging war against her and them, by furnishing information or otherwise.

S. A. PANCOAST.

GEORGE KEITER.

Test:

GEO. W. WARD.

[Inclosure No. 6.]

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, September 25, 1861.

Mr. Samuel A. Pancoast will be permitted, with the approbation of the Hon. Frank Thomas or General James Cooper, of Maryland, to take salt into Hampshire County, Va., for the use of families residing there, under such regulations as the gentlemen last named or either of them may deem proper to establish.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., November 2, 1861.

The within permission to furnish salt to Union men in Virginia is extended until further orders.

By order of Major-General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff.

