
[Inclosure No. 7.]

ROMENY, VA., October 15, 1861.

Samuel A. Pancoast, of this (Hampshire) county, having as I am informed made an arrangement with John A. Green for supplying the citizens of Hampshire and Morgan Counties with salt, coffee, &amp;c., being fully satisfied that such arrangement would be of incalculable advantage to hundreds of families I give my most cordial approval and sincerely hope that for the sake of effecting the charitable design for which it is intended that no obstacle will be raided to hinder or oppose it, assuring Mr. Pancoast that my command shall in no wise interfere to prejudice his purpose.

A. MONROE,

Colonel 114th Regiment Virginia Militia.

[Inclosure No. 8.]

ROMNEY, October 15, 1861.

Being informed that S. A. Pancoast and John A. Green have made arrangements for supplying the citizens of Hampshire and Morgan Counties with salt, &c., I hereby assure them that the supplies furnished the families will not be taken by any of my command.

ANGUS W. McDONALD,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

[Inclosure No. 9.] SPECIAL ORDER.] DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Winchester, Va., October 16, 1861.

The property of Samuel A. Pancoast and John A. Green shall be exempt from impressment.

JAMES H. CARSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 10.]

CAMP CARROLL, October 23, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief, Army of United States.

DEAR SIR: After having given Mr. Pancoast permission to transmit small quantities of salt from Hagerstown via Hancock and the great tunnel into Virginia, I felt constrained from the abuse to which I saw the permission would be liable to countermand it. If large quantities of salt should be either stored on the line of Virginia or carried into that State it would soon undoubtedly find its way to the rebel camp. Instead of administering comfort to a suffering population it would be employed to strengthen the hands of the rebels, raised for the purpose of pulling down the Government. If the license to supply the population of the counties bordering on the Potomac be accorded to a single individual, however worthy he may be, it will be a subject of complaint to every dealer on both sides of the river. Every one will claim a similar privilege. A license to furnish salt to the suffering inhabitants would be worth tens of thousands of dollars annually to the license. But the objectionable feature most apparent is that the party holding such a license would be an object of jealousy to every trader on the river, all of whom have to pay a license for liberty to sell their wares and merchandise, and who would be justly annoyed at a permission

