
accorded to another to exercise without paying for it a privilege which is denied to them although they have paid for exercising it. The difficulty of establishing rules for transmitting, storing and selling salt will become manifest the moment you begin to reflect how it is to be carried into practice. Still I would gladly see some regulation by which the suffering families on the Virginia side of the river might be supplied with this most indispensable article. Perhaps if Governor Thomas were consulted he might be able to furnish the names of such loyal traders on the Maryland side of the river as might be permitted to receive small quantities, say twenty-five bushels each, and sell it out at retail, not more than a peck at a time, unless a certificate from some loyal person was furnished to show that a larger quantity was needed for some special purpose, as that of salting the witner pork of beef for a family. This is a mere suggestion which I have no doubt might be improved, and which might be so guarded probably as would leave little to be apprehended from the salt falling into the hands of the enemy.

With the highest regard and respect,

JAMES COOPER,

[Brigadier-General.]

[Inclosure No. 11. - Memorandum.]

General Cooper says ask permission of Secretary Cameron to carry salt, &amp;c., for the use of the suffering families in Hampshire and Morgan Counties, storing it in Maryland at or near the canal tunnel and taking it across the river at our option.

[Indorsement.]

Panocast says this permission was after date of letter of Cooper to Scott. This memorandum is in Pancoast's handwriting. Says this was the same day after his letter.

S. S. BAXTER.

[Inclosure No. 12.]

HDQRS. THIRD Regiment, MEADE'S [SECOND] Brigadier, McCALL'S DIV., PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS, Camp Peirpoint, October 21, 1861.

MY DEAR FEATHER: Thy most welcome letter came this evening and I was just thinking how I should manage to get over early in the morning to see thee when orders came to be ready to march at an early hour to-morrow morning with two days' provisions. Two days' rations are all the men well carry with them and more may be sent on so that we may not return for a week though we have now no orders to that effect. I hope very much I can get to see thee before thee leaves Washington. I am anxious to hear how thy arrangements are progressing, what thee can do, &c., and how successful thee has been thus far. Also what they are doing at home, &c., and how they received the news of my being in the army. I received a notice from that army board the day after thee left to report on the next day for examination but I was so situated that I could not. I wrote a note to them stating the case and went in on Saturday. They agreed after hearing me to examine me at once, which they did, giving me a pretty thorough examination. When they were through they promised to let me know be mail on Monday the result but did not. I therefore sent a note to them requesting an answer. They said they reported favorably upon my case, which is all I have heard and I have not been able to get

