
in since. I suppose I shall not hear until I am wanted, when I will be ordered to duty at once. If I cannot get to see thee please write me a long letter and tell me all end everything thee can imagine that I wish to know. I am glad I passed that examination creditably even if I should not get the appointment which I hope for. Mr. Newton received me kindly when I was in and told me what thee had done so far as he knew, but nothing was fixed when thee last saw him. If thee sees Uncle Joseph give my love to him. I wrote him a few days since and also to under and sisters. Kiss them all and give them a great deal of love from me if I do not see thee, but I shall try hard to do so, and thee come over if thee can.

With much love, affectionately, your son,

GEO. P. LANCOAST.

[Inclosure No. 13.]

These articles of agreement witness: Wherear Samuel A. Pancoast, by the assistance of the two hereinafter other named parties to these articles, has obtained from General Scott permission to transport salt into Virginia according to the terms of an order dated on the 25th September, 1861, and indorsed by authority of General McClellan on the 2nd November, 1861: Now, therefore, these articles witness that, in the first place, for and in consideration of the sum of $1, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, the said Pancoast hereby assigns to B. F. Camp and John A. Green, respectively, each a third interest in the said order received as aforesaid. And in the second place these articles witness that the said B. F. Camp, John A. Green and Samuel A. Pancoast, in consideration of good and valuable considerations reciprocally moving, hereby agree to and do enter into a copartnership for the transportation of salt according to the provisions of said order and subject to the conditions hereinafter mentioned. True and just accounts are to be kept of all merchandise bought and sold, moneys received and paid, and of all transactions of the firm. Every thirty days a settlement shall be had, or at such times as the parties hereto may otherwise agree, and after paying whatever expense may be incurred the profits of the business are to be divided equally and proportionably, share and share alike. It is further agreed that during the continuance of these articles in force neither of the parties hereto shall on his personal account or in any other way engage in the said business. Such agents as may be necessary may be selected, placed at such points as may be desirable, and subject at all times to the control of the parties hereto. And further it is agreed that any matter of difference which may arise in the prosecution of this business may be determined by the judgment of two of the three parties hereto. The style of this association shall be Camp, Green &amp; Pancoast, but the only one authorizme of the firm shall be B. F. Camp, who is to be controlled, however, in such by and abide the direction of a majority of the parties hereto. In witness whereof the said parties have hereunto interchangeably set their hands and seals this 6th day of November, 1861.

B. F. CAMP. [SEAL.]

S. A. PANCOAST. [SEAL.]

JNO. A. GREEN. [SEAL.]

Test:

W. CAMERON GREEN.

ALBERT RITCHIE.

