
[Inclosure No. 14.]

WINCHESTER, VA., November 11, 1861.

The undersigned having been arrested upon charges involving his fidelity to the Commonwealth of Virginia hereby promises and declares that so long as he any continue a citizen or resident thereof he will be true and faithful to and support the constitution of said Commonwealth, and that he will not directly or indirectly give or afford said or comfort to here enemies or to those of the Confederate States of America, of which she is one, and that he will not depart from the town of Winchester without the permission of the military commander thereat.

Given under my hand this 11th day of November, 1861.

S. A. PANCOAST.

Test:

THOS. K. CARTWELL.

[Inclosure No. 15.]

WINCHESTER, VA., November 13, 1861.

Samuel A. Pancoast moved from New Jersey to Bloomery, Hampshire County, Va., some twelve or fifteen years ago, and has during that time resided within two miles of my place of residence and within thirteen miles of the Potomac River. I know him well and he is known to most of the residents of Hampshire and the adjoining counties, either personally or by reputation. When he came to Virginia to engage in the iron business he had a family of a wife, three daughters and one son. His wife and two of his daughters are still at Bloomery. His other daughter is maried and lives a few miles from her father's home. His son left Virginia several years ago study medicine with his uncle, Dr. Joseph Pancoast, of Philadelphia, and has not permanently resided here since, but had visited his parents once or twice a year. He came to Virginia about the commencement of the war and after spending some weeks here he returned to the North, and entered the Northern army as a surgeon. When Samuel A. Pancoast first came to Virginia he made a very favorable impression upon most of our citizens. He was taken for an intelligent, active and energetic business man, but a few years' residence here disclosed his real character, and some few years ago he failed in business, our citizens sustaining heavy losses by him, and all the real estate he ever had passed into the hands of his brother, Dr. Joseph Pancoast, of Philadelphia, and Mr. James Magee, of the same place. Those who know Samuel A. Pancoast best are satisfied that his word cannot be depended upon; that he is far from being an honest man; that he is treacherous and disposed to be mischievous. That he has always been an abolitionist is well known, and none of his neighbors ever had any doubt as to the side with he sympathizes in this war. He is a man of the worst sort of character, and is by our best men regarded as an exceedingly dangerous one to be allowed to go at large in times the present. He has within theee months visited Cumberland, Md., Washington City, Baltimore, Philadelphia, and perhaps other places north of the Potomac, twice. The first time he went North he stated before going that his purpose was to visit Lincoln, to get from him permission to carry salt and groceries into Virginia. He was absent some two or three weeks, when he returned and stated that he had been to Washington, had seen his son, who is in the Northern army; had had an interview with Lincoln and General Scott, and that they had given him written permission to

