
bring salt and groceries over the river. He returned to his home and after visiting Romeny and Winchester again started back to the North and has been absent ever since, until last Sabbath night when he came home. He brought with him from the other side of the river four or five pigeons that I had reason to believe were carries. I heard of his arrival and determined to have him arrested. It is somewhat remarkable that one of the visits of the Yankee forces to Romney was made a few days after Pancoast went over the river the first time, and that the last attack upon Romney, which resulted so disastrously to Colonel McDonald's command, was only a few days after Pancoast left Virginia on his second visit to the North. Another during our citizens wonder at is that Pancoast can cross the river when and where he pleases, a thing that no one else can do. I have the best reason for believing that Southern men living in Maryland are amazed that the authorities here do not put a stop to his crossing into their State, and that his true character is much better understood there than here. He has no ties binding him to the South except that one of his daughters is married to a Southern man. With that exception all his own and his family connections are residents of the North. He has always had a most contemptible opinion of the Southern people and of everything Southern, but has been as cautious as a man can be about showing it. He has denounced the present war as an infernal one, for which South Carolina is most to blame. He is a New Jersey Quaker, and with every feeling of his heart in favor of the North he is unprincipled enough to do anything to injure the South that may come in his way. The more investigation that is given to his case the worse it will appear. His son-in-law is a true and loyal citizen of Virginia, and no one in Pancoast's neighborhood has a worse opinion of him than that son-in-law has. The facts I have stated and more that I could stated did time allow can be substantiated, I believe, by the testimony of witnesses. I have no personal dislike to gratify, and if I know my own heart am not disposed needlessly to harm him or any other being. He has been mey neighbor, and I have sustained losses by him, and for these reasons I have refrained from taking an active part against him as long as it was possible for me to do so. I do it now no little risk to myself, my family and property.

ROBERT B. SHERRARD.

FREDERICK COUNTY, to wit:

This day Robert B. Sherrard appeared before me and made oath that partly from his own knowledge and from the best information that he has been able to get the statements made in the paper hereto annexed are substantially true.

Given under my hand this 13th November, 1861.

J. S. DAVIS,

Justice of the Peace.

Case of John Minor Botts.

HENRICO, March 22, 1862.

President DAVIS:

I appeal to your kindness to get you to answer me a few questions. First, what was Mr. Botts taken from his family for and cast into jail?* Second, why is he kept there now three weeks without allowing him a

---------------

*The date of Bott's arrest in unknown; the order of arrest and proceedings in his case cannot be found.

---------------

