
trial? Mr. Davis, what has he done to cause his confinement? Could you but know the anguish of his distressed family you would not keep them tortured as they are. A family of girls without a mother, and their idolized father torn from them at such a time of danger as his! Have you children? How would you feel about them? Are you a member of the Church of Christ? Remember the Savior's holy words, "Blessed are the peacemakers. " Answer this speedily if you please, and direct it to

MISS M. M. BLAIR,

(Care of Crosby Anderson, Richmond, Va.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 11, 18962.

Hon. J. B. BALDWIN, House of Representatives.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant inclosing a note from Miss Botts addressed to yourself* I have the honor to inform you that General Winder has received instructions to permit interviews between Mr. Botts and his daughters in the presence of an officer, and that a court of inquiry had been ordered on his case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, April 18, 1862.

General GEORGE W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: The undersigned having acted as counsel for Mr. John Minor Botts in the late investigation before a court of inquiry beg in his behalf to express the hope that in case the general finding of the court shall be approved it will be your pleasure to allow Mr. Botts to remain at his own home, under such restrictions as may seem necessary, instead of removing him to a different locality as suggested by the court as an alternative. It seems to us that all the purposes contemplated might be fully secured by confining Mr. Botts to his own premises, by for biding all intercourse by correspondence or otherwise except by permission of the authorities with any persons except the members of his own family, and by requiring his parole and if necessary bond and security to insure his compliance with these conditions. This you will observe is the first alternative proposed by the court, except that the court seem no to have contemplated the parole or the bond. We suggested it now in consequence of a conversation had with you this morning by one of us, Mr. Joynes.

We have the honor to be, your humble, obedient servant,

WM. JOYNES.

A. T. DANIEL.

A. JUDSON CRANE.

[Indorsement.]

Think that for the present Mr. Botts should not be in the neighborhood of Richmond, and have therefore ordered his discharge on parole if he will retire to the interior and pledge himself to do or say nothing prejudicial to the Confederacy or its Government.

G. W. RANDOLPH.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

