
WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, April 22, 1862.

Messrs. W. T. JOYNES and Others, Richmond, Va.

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of the 18th instant has been received. I think that for the present Mr. Botts should not be permitted to remain in the vicinity of Richmond, and have therefore ordered his discharge on parole if he will retire to the interior and pledge himself to do or say nothing prejudicial to the Confederacy or its Government.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 28. Richmond, April 25, 1862.

A court of inquiry having assembled at Richmond, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 81, April 9, 1862, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, to examine "into the causes of the arrest of John Minor Botts and to report the facts in reference thereto, and whether in the said John Minor Botts; and the court having made such examination and reported the result withi the evidence in the case to the Secretary of War, the following are his decision and orders thereupon:

The Secretary of War having considered the record of the examination in the case of John Minor Botts, and the report of Brigadier General J. H. Winder as to the practicability of confining him to his house and premises in the manner recommended by the court of inquiry directs, that he be discharged from confinement on his delivering to General Winder a writen parole of honor to the following effect:

That until otherwise permitted by the Department he will sojourn in Lynchburg. Danville, or Raleigh, or in such other place in the interiors as may be selected by himself with the consent of the Department; that he will proceed without unnecessary delay to the place of his sojourn; that he will not depart therefrom or go more than five miles from this residence; and that while on parole he will do nothing to the injury of the Confederate Government, nor express any opinion tending to impair the confidence of the people in the capacity of the Confederate States to achieve their independence.

Mr. Bott's family will passports to join him if desired.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Case of Isaiah Respass, Mayor of Washington, N. C.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO, Richmond, May 5, 1862.

Hon. G. W. RANDOLPH, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to report that Isaiah Respass was sent to Richmond as prisoner by General Holmes. The inclosed letter from Captain W. S. G. Andrews explains the cause of his arrest. I inclose also a copy of the charges u tried before a courtmartial. The court acquitted him of all the charges and specifications, though the first specification to first charge and specification to seventh charge were clearly proven.

In the order publishing the proceedings of the court-martial Mr. Respass will be required not to go east of the railroad leading from

