
Richmond to Wilmington, N. C., as the commanding general in North Carolina does not wish him to go back to the neighborhood of the enemy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

GREENVILLE, N. C., April 3, 1862.

Major General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Department of North Carolina.

SIR: I send you with this dispatch Isaiah Respass, mayor of Washington, who has been arrested by a detachment of Major Walker's cavalry under orders from Brigadier-General Ransom to arrest him and under your own order to arrest all suspicious persons. I have heretofore written you a full account of his trip to New Berne and have received only this additional: Colonel S. T. Carrow, of the militia, Joseph Potts, I. Respass, B. F. Havers and James R. Grist went on board a Yankee ship at Washington and drank with the officers. Captain Murray, commanding the ship, gave this toast: "Here is to the reconstruction of the Federal Union, a plantation in Georgia and 100 negroes, with a summer residence in North Carolina," which they all drank. Colonel Carrow, commanding the militia, dined with them. This I have from an eye-witness and is true. I deem it best to forward Respass directly across to you, rather than by the railroad via Tarborough and Rocky Mount.

Very respectfully, yours, as ever,

W. S. G. ANDREWS,

Captain, Tenth North Carolina Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Charges and specifications against Isaiah Respass, of North Carolina.

CHARGE 1. - Holding correspondence with the enemy.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at New Berne, N. C., did hold unlawful correspondence with the enemy.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington, N. C., did hold correspondence with the enemy with the intent to give them aid and comfort.

CHARGE 2. - Giving intelligence to the enemy.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at New Berne, N. C., did unlawful give intelligence to the enemy.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington, N. C., did give intelligence to the enemy with the intent to give them aid and comfort.

Specification 3. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at divers other places in North Carolina did unlawfully give intelligence to the public enemy.

CHARGE 3. - Harboring the enemy.

Specification. - In this that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862 at Washington, N. C., did knowingly and unlawfully harbor the public enemy.

CHARGE 4. - Protecting the enemy.

