
Specification. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington, N. C., knowingly and unlawfully did protect the public enemy.

CHARGE 5. - Giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

Specification 1. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington and divers other places in North Carolina did unlawfully circulate the proclamation of the commander of the forces of the enemy with the intent to give aid and comfort to the said enemy.

Specification 2. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington, N. C., did unlawfully endeavor to persuade the citizens of said North Carolina to submit to, acquiesce in and sustain the rule and authority of the enemy.

CHARGE 6. - Uttering treasonable language.

Specification. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 28th of March, 1862, at Washington, N. C., did declare and say that the people of North Carolina ought to seek the protection of the enemy and that said enemy should be received as friends, or words to that effect.

CHARGE 7. - Piloting the enemy.

Specification. - In this, that the said Isaiah Respass on or about the 18th of March, 1862, did unlawfully conduct and accompany the commander of the forces of the enemy from New Berne, N. C., to or near to Beaufort, N. C.

L. R. PAGE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONVENTION, Raleigh, April 30, 1862.

Hon. H. J. ASHE.

MY DEAR SIR: Judge Badger this day introduced a series of resolutions asserting great abstract political propositions in regard to civil liberty, &amp;c., and wound up with a certain resolution asserting that a certain man by the name of Isaiah Respass (I think the mayor probably of Washington, some little town in the east) had been unlawfully seized by the military authorities and hurried off to Richmond where he is now incarcerated (to be tried, as he says in his spech, by a drumhead court-martial), and his resolution asks the convention to demand of those having him in possession to restore said Respass to the State so that he may be tried by the civil authorities of the State. I suppose he means of course by the Confederate courts of the district in which the offense was committed. Your advertisement for arms and particularly for impressing them came in for its share of comments. The question sprung suddenly upon the house, and we ask time for some reflection and deliberation in order to be in possession of the facts of the case, particularly as to the man Respass. Please inform me at your earliest convenience all you know of the facts causing the arrest of Respass; what he had done and for what and by whom he was arrested, and how it is proposed to try him. I am sorry to perceive a disposition in certain quarters to lose no opportunity to assail either the administration or any of the military for any and for every act that by the most forced construction can be made to appear wrong. For one I stand ready always to construct favorably the conduct of those who are now carrying on this war in whose successful termination is involved everything dear to a Southern man, and I give it as my deliberate and solemn conviction

