
frequently heard of his contributing largely and freely in organizing companies and for other purpose for the Confederacy; he knows that he had an interest in a ferry-boat (Mark R. Cheek); and recollects to have seen it in the Memphis papers as an advertisement that the proceeds of the boat after paying expense would be appropriated to the Southern Confederacy; and that he is the last man he would suspect of disloyalty to the South.

H. T. Calloway and William T. Dowdy depose and say that they are late of Crittenden County, Ark., and that they have known said Asa Hodges for the last two years, and know him to be a good and true Southern-rights man - as true to the South as any one of their acquaintances - and that he had been the most liberal contributor to the Southern cause and volunteers in his county; that he was interested in a ferry-boat across the Mississippi River, and that he had in his partner gave all the net proceeds of the ferry-boat to the Southern Confederacy; that he has been a great suffer in the destruction of a large quantity of cotton, &amp;c. ; that no one who knows him ever questioned his loyalty to the South; that the boat was captured by the Federals and his partner arrested and put on his trial by the enemy; that he attended the trial at Memphis from day to day and staid until it was over, when he left immediately as soon as he could get off, took his family and came with them to Okolona, in this State.

J. M. Patrick testifies that he is a citizen of Memphis, Tenn., and is acquainted with said Asa Hodges; that he has been a familia acquaintance for the last two years, his office being in the same building with that of Messrs. Pickett, Hodges & Ward, factors and commission merchants, of which firm said Hodges was a parter, that he has had frequent conversation with Mr. Hodges since the commencement of the war in which he always expressed himself warmly in favor of the Southern cause; that the witness knows that he was actively engaged with his brother in the purchase of army supplies for the Confederate army at Saint Louis and Louisville just before the prohibition of the exportation of merchandise from those cities by the Federal authorities, and has never heard his integrity or his motives questioned until his arrival here (at Columbus), having ever since his acquaintance with him entertained a high regard for him as a gentleman identified with us in feeling and interest, &c.

Thomas H. Check states that he has known Colonel Asa Hodges for two years and a half ultimately and well and knows of his own personal knowledge of his being fully identified with the South in feeling and in interest; that he has given freely and largely to the army of the South; that every company raised in his section of the county has been liberally aided by him in contributions of money, provisions, clothes and horses, and that he has given two negroes to aid and assist the soldiers leaving his neighborhood; that he kng upon any and all occasions when called upon; that immediately upon his arrival Colonel Hodges called upon witness at the Government machine-shop in company with Mr. John M. Seely and told witness of the arrest of his father in Memphis by the Federals, and stated that he (Colonel Hodges) had been summoned from his plantation to Memphis to give evidence in his, the witness', farther case, and got a permit to do so, and that he went down to Memphis for that purpose, and that as soon as he found the father of the witness safe he left in his carriage with his family for his brother's in Mississippi, and further said that it was impossible for any of us to live among the Yankees. The witness further states that said Hodges was and is now a part owner in the steam ferry-boat

