
M. R. Cheek, which runs from Memphis to Mound City, and that all the profits of said ferry after paying expense since it began were given to the Southern Confederacy; that all Confederate soldiers were only charged half-price, and frequently when Colonel Hodges was present and a company of soldiers were crossing he would charge their ferriage to himself; that the witness was captain of said boat and knew said facts of his own personal knowledge. In addition to the foregoing said Thomas H. Cheek testifies that the above case against his father, and on which said Hodges was summoned and went to Memphis as a witness, was an arrest of the father of the witness by the Federals after they had captured Memphis, on a charge of having been concerned with a mob about twelve months before in hanging a man named Beaman as an abolitionist; that his father made a speech at the time in opposition to the hanging of Beaman, but advised that as he was in the wrong place he ought to be required to leave the country,. The witness further says that Hodges in the conversation testified about above stated as an additional reason for his leaving Memphis and coming to his brother's in Mississippi, that the Federals might attempt to make him take the oath of allegiance to the United States, which he said he was determined never to take. And further the witness says that as to the business of Hodges he knows that he had an account against the Government of about $500 in favor of Streeter &amp; Co., of Memphis, and that he called on the superintendent at the Government shop to get his approval or certificate of the correctness of the account before Colonel Hunt would pay the same; that the superintendent approved the account, and Colonel Hunt being absent Mr. Hodges left the account with the witness to be presented to Colonel Hunt when he returned. The account was for machinery furnished the Government at Memphis.

John M. Seely says that he has known said Hodges over twelve months in the county of Crittendens and State of Arkansas, some ten miles from Memphis, Tenn., and knew him to be a gentleman of high standing, truth and veracity, truly and warmly advocating the common cause of the South, and knows that he contributed largely s and to our army from his own individual means; that the witness met Colonel Hodges here in Columbus last Thursday morning a week ago, and soon after his arrival here; that he inquired of witness if he could tell him where he could find Thomas Cheek, son of Captain Cheek, of Mound City, who had been under a late arrest at Memphis by the Federals, and said he wished to see Thomas to tell him of the fate of his father; that witness replied to him that Thomas was at the Government marchine-shop and that witness would accompany him there, which he did as he was a watchman of said shop. The witness says that Colonel Hodges told him of the arrest of Captain Cheek and that he was summoned to come from his plantation where he resides to Memphis to give evidence in Captain Cheek's case; that he got a permit so to do, that his and Cheek's ferry-boat was seized; that he said as soon as he got Captain cheek safe he took his carriage and family and left for his brother's at Okolona, Miss. ; and that he further said by way of caution to witness that no man of any Southern feelings could ever live among the Yankees; that of this he was fully satisfied, and that the first chance he got he left.

John R. Mason states that Colonel Asa Hodges called at the office of Cozart & Mason, of which firm the witness was a partner, and settled an account for James Streeter and received a balance from witness due Streeter of some $700 by order from Streeter.

98 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

