
What right had he to be "gloomy or despondent," and what right had he to think for himself, or feel his losses had a citizens whose life, liberty and fortune were all staked upon the struggle to give his opinion as to the conduct and management of our public affairs to a sound Southern man, and argue the matter with him in extenso?

Upon the whole Mr. Hodges may not have acted very wisely. And who does who enters into these useless and idle discussions with street politicians, cocked and primed and ready for "high debate? That Mr. Humphreys achieved a victory is clear, for he landed his opponent in jail. But what benefit the cause of Southern independence is to receive from incarcerating citizens who have done so much good as the accused, and whose faith has been evidenced by such active and by such continued works, is for "the powers that be" to determine. In our humble opinion this is no time to indulge in ungenerous suspicions of and harsh treatment toward those who have heretofore been openly, actively and zealously our friends.

JAMES T. HARRISON,

C. R. CRUSOE,

ISHAM HARRISON, JR.,

Of Counsel for Defendant.

Abstract of facts in the case of Asa Hodges charged with being is loyal to the Confederate Government. Opinion of Brigadier-General Adams founded on testimony of A. S. Humphreys.

A. S. Humphreys. - Substance of his testimony as follows: That in an argument of some two hours' length he regarded him as unfriendly to the Confederate Government and especially its management.

Billeps and Williams. - Heard same argument but did not regard him as unfriendly to Government, but desponding, having had 600 bales of cotton burnt by order of Government and being once in favor of the policy of burning cotton but having changed his opinion on witnessing the effects of this policy within the lines of the enemy, seeing that the wives and children of the soldiers could not use Confederate money under the order of the Federals and only having cotton with which they could purchase the necessaries of life. Billeps and Williams agree in their testimony that they did not think him from the arguments employed in the conversation with Humphreys, unfriendly to the Southern Confederacy, but regarded him a good Southern man afflicted at the time with great despondency and complaining more of the management than of the Government.

NOTE. - Billeps and Williams are represented as being men of first respectability in point of wealth, intelligence and patriotism to the South in the State of Mississippi. It further appears in testimony versus defendant that A. S. Humphreys was publicly known as an avowed secessionist and a Southern extremist at the time of the conversation with Hodges.

Abstract of testimony for defense.

No. 1. - Letter from A. S. Humphreys changing opinions as to defendant's disloyalty and giving him all due credit for an earnest desire for success.

No. 2. - Voluntary oath before provost-marshal of Columbus, Miss., to the Confederate Government renouncing all allegiance to the United States Government.

