
No. 3. - John E. Logwood testifies that his character in Memphis was that of a good Southern man contributing liberally to the cause.

No. 4. - John R. Mason states that defendant's business to Columbus money on the same from Cozart &amp; Mason.

No. 5. - H. W. Reed, and acquaintance of twenty-five years' standing, states that Hodges made large contributions to the Confederacy and gave particular instances; states fully his fidelity, and says that he is the last man that he would suspect of disloyalty to the South.

No. 6. - Calloway and Dowdy testify to his ample contributions to the Southern cause and to his undoubted fidelity to the South and high standing as a man and give special instances.

No. 7. - T. H. Creek testifies that Hodges was a partner of witness' father in ferry-boats across the Mississippi River at Memphis; that the net proceeds of said ferries were given the Confederacy; that often Hodges had the soldiers' ferriage charge to himself; that his going to Memphis and remaining with the Federals was upon the occasion of his partner's being on trial before the Federals and he being subpoenaed at his home and taken there as a witness. Witness also testifies fully to the loyalty and liberal contributions of defendant to the South; that he refused to remain at Memphis and save his boats but left with his family for Chickasaw, Miss., on the fear that if he remained the Federals would try to compel him to take the oath to the United States Government.

No. 8. -J. M. Patrick testifies unconditionally to defendant's loyalty- an old Memphis acquaintance.

No. 9. - J. M. Seely testifies unconditionally to defendant's loyalty, his liberal contributions and a part of the motive of his visiting Columbus. Special attention is called to this witness' testimony.

No. 10. - J. A. Carnes, being a member of the vigilance committee at Memphis, never found cause to suspect the defendant, but supposed him to be sound, but was so informed by a gentleman in whom he had implicit confidence; had he been otherwise thinks he would have heard it.

NOTE. - The foregoing is a fair abstract of the substance of the testimony in the case of Asa Hodges.

F. H. JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, MISS., July 1, 1862.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Department, No. 2, Tupelo, Miss.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on or about the 23rd ultimo I was informed by a citizen of high respectability in this community (Mr. A. S. Humphreys) that Mr. Asa Hodges, who resided above and near Memphis, Tenn., and had property interests in Memphis, had recently arrived here on a pretended visit and had given utterance to language of a very suspicious and disloyal character. The language having been repeated to me by Mr. Humphreys and regarding it as indicating the presence of a dangerous domestic enemy and perhaps a spy I ordered Mr. Hodges' immediate arrest. He was taken at Okolona and brought here, and I had him at once confined in jail. On the 26th ultimo I examined Mr. Humphreys and other witnesses, Messrs. Williams and Billeps, under oath and had their testimony taken in writing, and also received testimony in his behalf of affidavits which I herewith inclose. *

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

