
attempts to dissuade others from an open and public declaration of their allegiance to the United States. And if you have good reasons to believe that any on of them is exerting a secret influence against the Government you may with perfect propriety send for him and require him to take the oath.

Now let me say one word to our Union friends. I understand their feelings perfectly. I have gone through the same process have which you are passing through in Accomac County. I have succeeded with the aid of a very judicious police in re-establishing order and bringing back the State to its true allegiance; but I have been constrained to differ frequently from our Union friends. They ask to much. They looked more to forcible measures than to a quiet, firm and steady adherence to fixed principles. Our Union friends in Accomac must not be unreasonable. They must act boldly and decisively, and they will beat their adversaries without difficulty. With all we have done and are doing to support them; with the certainty that they will be sustained under all circumstances, they will have no excuse if they do not come out fearlessly no matter what the course of secret traitors may be. As men of sense they cannot fail to see that treachery cannot long be kept secret, and that their game is a sure one. I trust therefore they will come out promptly and strongly and set the authors of the past mischief at defiance. If these mischief-makers continue their operations you will soon detect and bring them to punishment.

I send $2,000 in specie per Captain Tyler. The Kent will wait till Monday if necessary for the Seventeenth Massachusetts.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 29, 1861.

Right Hon. Lord LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant in which after referring to your note of the 10th [6th] ultimo, relative to the manner in which the master and crew of the British schooner Revere appeared to have been treated subsequently to the capture of their vessel by the U. S. ship Cambridge, you request this Government to take into its serious consideration certain statements concerning another case of the same kind, to wit, that of the Louisa Agnes, in which two of the crew of that vessel also were placed in irons after here capture by the Cambridge, and the master did not meet with that considerate treatment which might have been reasonably expected.

In reply I know have the honor to inclose to you the copy of a communication of the 23rd instant from the Secretary of the Navy on the subject, to whom these cases were referred.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to your lordship the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 23, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 12th instant with inclosure from Lord Lyons in relation to the treatment of the master and part of the

