
would admit and that they should be made as comfortable as possible. As no complaints made by them while here I cannot but construe it as an afterthought on their part.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. PARKER,

Commander.

[Inclosure to sub-inclosure No. 2.]

U. S. STEAMER CAMBRIDGE, November 17, 1861.

Commander WILLIAM A. PARKER.

SIR: Having received orders to give a written statement of the treatment of the two men comprising part of the crew of the schooner Louisa Agnes (taken as a prize by this vessel), placed under my charge on the 9th of September, 1861, according to orders received from my executive and boarding officer I proceeded to place them in single irons, the boarding officer having this order executed before leaving me in charge. I kept them in irons three hours and liberated them until 8 p. m. ; them put them in irons for the night, and on the 10th took them out of irons at 7 a. m. ; at 8 p. m. put them in irons again for the last time, and liberated them the following morning, it being left optional with me to keep them in irons in the daytime cut explicitly ordered to confine them during the night. They were in single irons twenty-five hours out of the fifty-six hours of passage to New York and their treatment while under my care was a good as circumstances would permit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. MAIES,

Master's Mate.

After a careful examination of the foregoing statement I am willing to testify by oath to its correctness.

WILLIAM H. MAIES.

[Inclosure to sub-inclosure, No. 3.]

U. S. STEAMER CAMBRIDGE, November 17, 1861.

Commander WILLIAM A. PARKER,

U. S. Steamer Cambridge.

SIR: Having received orders to make out a written statement of the treatment of the two prisoners on board prize schooner Revere, placed in my charge on the 10th of September, I have the honor to make the following report:

On taking charge of the vessel I proceeded according to orders received from the executive officer to place two men in irons, the object as stated being to prevent their rising and retaking the vessel. For the first two or three days the men were confined in single irons in the daytime and boule at night; after that as they were quiet and orderly I allowed them their during the greater part of the day but confined them at night. They were treated as well under my orders as the circumstances would admit.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. WELLS,

Master's Mate.

After carefully reviewing the foregoing statement I certify that I am willing to take oath that it is correct.

HENRY W. WELLS.

