
OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF METROPOLITAN POLICE, New York, November 30, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: On the arrival of the Aspinwall steamer with Colonel Buchanan's regiment the detectives on board were informed that Lieutenant Scott had talked in a disloyal manner on the passage; that he was a son of Rev. Doctor Scott, of California, formerly of Virginia. This information was obtained for me by my detectives from his fellow-passengers. His name being given to them as Robert N. Scott they very naturally supposed he might be Robert G. Scott, late U. S. consul at Rio Janeiro, whom they had orders to arrest on his way home by the way of Europe. He was accordingly brought to my office.

I discovered their mistake at once, but to avoid doing anything that would bear the appearance of rebuking them for their extra vigilance I directed to be held until his baggage could be examined and sent one of them, Officer Roach, back to the steamer for the baggage, directing it to be brought to headquarters for examination. In the course of two hours the officer reported to me that when he went to the steamer Colonel Buchanan interposed and prevented him from obtaining possession of it, on which I directed Colonel Buchanan to be brought to the office in person. I was not in when he arrived, and having to wait the colonel seemed to have lost his temper somewhat with this time. I found him in the office of Mr. President Bowen in company with Mr. Bowen and Mr. Commissioner Acton. He complained at having been brought there and explained as the reason for stopping the baggage that the officer who was sent for it was not in uniform; that he did not exhibit a written order; that he did not show to him any evidence that he was an officer. My reply to which was that officers on detective duty were not required to wear uniform; that it was as unusual to give a private policeman an order in writing as it was to give written orders to private soldiers; that if the detective had been required to show his authority he would have produced it on demand. After reaching my office and before I had an interview with him he had written an order to the purser or the ship to deliver up the baggage to my officer which he handed to me. A few unpleasant words were used that it is not necessary to repeat and he was allowed to go.

In the conversation he was very indignant that I should suspect Adjutant Scott, one of his staff in whom he said he had the utmHe was much excited at the time and spoke as people do under such circumstances. He spoke warmly in favor of Adjutant Scott.

This is in reply to a telegram I have just received from the War Department signed B. F. Davis [Lieutenant U. S. Army] whom I don't know.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

CAMP WRIGHT, Oak Grove, San Diego County, Lower Cal., November 30, 1861.

Colonel JAMES H. CARLETON,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Los Angles, Cal.

COLONEL: I take advantage of the departure of Senor Sepulva, Ramon Carillo's brother-in-law, to inform you of the arrest of the Showalter party, Showalter with them. It consists of sixteen men, each

