
armed with rifles and a pair of revolvers. They gave us a hard chase but we finally captured them. They parleyed but finally concluded not to resist, although against the advice of Showalter.

The names of the party are: T. A. Wilson, Tennessee; W. Woods, Missouri; Charles Pendroth, Kentucky; William Sands, Tennessee; T. L. Roberts, South Carolina; R. H. Wood, Mississippi; T. W. Woods, Virginia; J. W. Sampson, Kentucky; S. A. Rogers, Tennessee; J. Lawrence, Arkansas; Levi Rogers, Alabama; Henry Crowell, Pennsylvania; William Turner, Georgia; Dan Showalter, Pennsylvania; A. King, Tennessee. Retook two of the party on the 27th near the post, viz, E. B. Summers and F. V. Chum. They were the advance party, eighteen in all. I am now examining them, and will send you by express that will leave here to-night some time full particulars. They now regret that they did not resist; if they had they would have given us a hard fight. There is no doubt that every one of them is a secesionist and are on their way to lend aid and comfort to the enemy. I would like to know as soon as possible what to do with them. They have pack-mules and are well fitted out and a desperate set of men.

I am under great obligations to Francisco Ocamp for my success. It is reported that some eighty men are getting ready and on the road. I will keep a good watch for them.

Very respectuflly,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Major First Infantry, Commanding Camp Wright.

P. S. - They were captured at daylight on the morning of the 29th at John Winter's ranch near San Jose Valley.

EDWIN A. RIGG.

[For correspondence between Major-General Halleck and the President relating to the writ of habeas corpus and the President's order authorizing Halleck to suspend the writ at this discretion within the Department of the Missouri, see Vol. I, this series, pp. 230 and 231.]

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, December 2, 1861.

Hon. MONTGOMERY BLAIR,

Postmaster-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: His Excellency Governor Andrew directs me to inclose to you a copy of a letter which was sent to him by Hon. George Morey, one of our most experienced and influential citizens, who was one of the Pressidential electors and whose views and opinions therein expressed he believes are worthy of the serious attention of the government. The latter as you will see by its date was sent to the governor during his absence in Washington or it would have been forwarded earlier. His excellency hopes that you will take an early occasion to present the substance of Mr. Morey's views to the President with the assurance from him that Mr. Morey's anxiety is shared by many of our most prominent and discreet citizens.

Yours, very truly,

THOMAS DREW,

Assistant Military Secretary.

