
[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, November 21, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW.

DEAR SIR: The number of ordinary prisoneres at Fort Warren, in our harbor, is about 700, and the number of state prisoners is something more than 100 as I am informed. Amongst the state prisoners are several persons of great ability and energy. There are some possessed of large means. There is a banker from Savannah whose name I do not recollect who is said to be very rich. Our banker, George B. Blake, assures me that this Savannah banker is worth several millions. It is supposed he has made this year not to two millions by speculations in cotton. In a short time the arch traitors Slidell and Mason with their secretaries are to be added t othe congregation at the fort. Slidell is very wealthy, and Eustis, his secretary of legation, married the daughter of Corcoran, the rich banker at Washington who is worth three or four millions, and is without doubt a secessinosit.

I am very sure of Corcoran's proclivities from what he said to me last May in Washington. Now when it is considered how much talent, energy, deviltry and wealth are congregated in this one fort it seit infinite danger that a successful escape may be made, especially when the men placed there to guard these rascals are only 300 or 400 raw troops. I think the arch traitors, say thirty or forty of the whole number of the state prisoners, ought to be placed in the vacant cells of the State prison (especially as the Confederate Government has now put many of our officers in separate cells at Charleston and Richmond), or if not in the State prions let them be kept separate at Fort Independence or elsewhere. I hope you will confer with the President and powers at Washington before you leave and see that measures shall be taken of the most effective character by which these rascals shall be secured against all possibility of escape. Why should not one or more shops of war be stationed near Fort Warrne? Suppose some strong iron-clad steamer should come along and co-operate with those prisoners?

*		*		*		*		*		*

GEORGE MOREY.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Baltimore, Md., December 2, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette.

COLONEL: Major D. P. De Witt, of the Second Regiment Maryland Volunteeres, will deliver to you political in his custody viz: Richard Thomas Zarvona, arrested July 8, 1861; George Julius, citizen of Hagerstown, Md., arrested October 16, 1861; Robert W. Rasin, citizen of Baltimore, Md., arrested October 26, 1861; R. C. Holland, citizen of Dorchester, Md., arrested November 4, 1861; Thomas Mortimer, citizen of Baltimore, Md., arrested November 8, 1861; Jamese Martin, citizen of Baltimore, Md., arrested November 8, 1861; Jonah Potterfield, citizen of Harper's Ferry, arrested November 13, 1861; Edward C. Cottrell, citizen of Princess Anne, Md., arrested Noveber 16, 1861; Charles H. P. Coe, citizen of Baltimore, Md., arrested November 26, 1861.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

