
exercise of justice and moderation so far as these proceedings affect Great Britain and other friendly powers, and therefore a copy of these papers will addressed to the flag officers of the blockading squadron, accompanied by an instruction from the Secretary of the Navy to use rions only when and so long as necessary, and in all cases to practice the utmost kindness consistent with the safety of captives and prizes toward seamen captured in attempting to break the blockade.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to your lordship the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 3, 1861.

Rigth Hon. LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD; I refer again to your lordship's note of the 30th of November for the purpose of saying that the case of the seamen of the British schooner Louisa Agnes which was captured on a charge of attempting to run the blockade seems to stand so nearly on the same footing with that of the two seamen captured on board of the British schooner Revere which I have discussed in a previous note of this date, that I pray your lordship to accept my reply in the latter case as expressing the opinion of the Government upon the former case also.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your lordship's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

MAUCH CHUNK, December 3, 1861.

SIMON CAMREON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: Prdon me for calling your attention to a treasonable sheet published in this place by the name of the Carbon Democrat and edited be one George Bull, the last issue of which I transmit you by mail. You will see by the tone of the paper that it is a dangerous sheet, and we would here found a true bill against it, but as our judge is a Democrat it is uncertain that anything will be done with it. In one of the former issues it came down in the strongest terms against the last Congress, calling it a bloody Congress, &c. If signatures of suppression would be of any use we could get a majority of names of the most respectable people in this place. Please give it your attention and let us know antying can be done.

From your unacquainted friend,

WILLIAM L. RICHARDS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 4, 1861.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have the honor to invite your attention to the fact that your communication to me of the 23rd ultimo relative to the cases of the shcooners Reserve and Louissa Agnes contained no explanation in regard to the alleged maltreatment of the captain of the last-named vessel on board of the U. S. steamer Susquehanna. As it is desirable to furnish the British Government will as full information as possible on the subject I will consequently thank you to enable me to do so.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

