
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 4, 1861.

Right Hon. Lord LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acquiant you that I have invited the attention of the Secretary of the Navy to the fact adverted to by you in your note of the 30th instant [ultimo] that his communication to me of the 23rd ultimo contained no explanations in regard to the alleged maltreatment of the captain of the schooner Louisa Agnes. No time will be lost in sending to you a copy of Mr. Welles' anwer on that subject.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your lordship's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 4, 1861.

ALEXANDER H. STOWELL, Esq., Detroit, Mich.

SIR: You are hereby appointed a special agent of this Department for the period of two months from the date hereof at a compensation of $50 per month. You duties will be to act in conjunction with W. H. Barse in arresting disloyoal persons, particuarly those from the insurrectionary States, and in detecting and suppressing treasonable correspondence between the insuregents and their sympathizers in the loyal States, the Canadas and Europe. You will particularly on the watch for such persons who may pass into or from Canada on their way to or from Europe. In the exercise of your duties you are expected to be cautions not to arrest or detain any persons against whom no well-founded suspicion is entertained, but on the contrary when there is such suspicion you will promptly arrest such person, secure his paperes and give immediate notice by telegraph to this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 5, 1861.

DAVID L. PHILLIPS, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal for the District of Illinois, Springfield.

SIR: It is represented to this Department that there is strong ground for the belief that treasonable organizations are in existence in the southern part of the State of Illinois. You will please send a proper person to that quarter to examine into the truth of the matter, and in case any well-founded evidence should be discovered against any person or persons you will give notice to this Department by post. In cases will not admit of delay, however, you will first arrest the person, secure his paperse and give immediate notice by telegraph to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Louisville, Ky., December 5, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: The disposition of prisoners accused of giving aid to the enemy is a subject attended with much labor and inconvenience,* the plan

---------------

*See Attorney-General Bates' letter to the Secretary of War, p. 182.

---------------

