
of the affair that Cross betrayed Causten into the hands of the enemy; that Cross never came back from Virginia until about the time of his arrest; that General Stone had kept a watch on the place and had set several traps to catch White and Cross, but did not succeed while he (Owen) was in the vicinity.

From a letter of James H. Causten, of this city, on file in my office dated December 5, 1861, I learned further that his son, Manuel C. Causten, the above-mentioned captive of the rebels, is now a prisoner in Raleigh, N. C. ; that a few days after his capture the same or some other rebel party forcibly took from the stable at the same place his horse and equipments and strill retain the sam; that sine the capture of his son he has on the recommendation of the Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, been appointed a first lieutenant in the new Nineteenth Regiment of the U. S. Army, his commission as such as the father understands now awaiting his release from the rebels.

I further learn from refuge Union parties from the vicinity of Dranesville, Va., opposite Edwards Ferry, that Jack Cross has always had the distinguished credit in that neighborhood of having betrayed his own brother-in-law (Causten) from his Maryland home into the hands of the rebels, and that Jack has always been a great crony of the Virginia rebels, freely and fully enjoying their hospitality until their pressing invitations to carry one of their muskets and if necessary stop the balls of the Federal muskets so annoyed him and conflicted with his idea of personal safety that he again sought the quietude and felicity of his Federal-protected fireside, with that result the foregoing report discloses.

I also understand from parties from the vicinity of Seneca, Md., that at the time of the capture of Causten an Ill feeling existed against him on the part of Cross (growing out of family affairs) which it was thought led to the treacherous and disloyal conduct of the latter.

Unless Benjmain Jacksonn Cross (as I understand his name to be can satisfactoliry explain the foregoing charges against him - where he was on the day of Causten's capture, &amp;c. - I submit that there is but one true course for the Government to pursue and that is to hold Cross if not as a hostage for the return of Causten and his property (and it is not likely that the rebels would entertain such a proposition) at least until Causten returns or the war is at an end. While it is very hard for Cross to be thus separated from his wife and children it is no less a hardship for Causten separated from his young wife to be pining in a Southern prison white while the Government is in need of his services in camp and in the field.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON. (Received July 1, 1862.)

MY DEAR MRS. MORRIS: Will you be kind enough to present the statement which I have made below of Mr. Cross' case to the Confederate Government? Poor fellow, he has been here a long time and he wishes that you would interest yourself for him. He is a young man and a right good fellow. Please answer my last.

Yours, truly,

MANSE.

Statement.

B. J. Cross of Montgomery County, Md., was arrested 9th of October, 1861, charged with having his brother-in-law, M. C. Causten, of Washignton

