
City, a Federal soldier, arrested in June, 1861, by the Confederate soldiers and imprisoned at Raleigh, N. C. The Federal Government state that they hold Mr. Cross as a hostage for his brother-in-law and will release him on condition that M. C. Causten is exchanged for any Confederate soldier. Mr. Cross desires to call the attention of the Confederate Government to the matter, as by the release of Mr. Causten they will secure a Confederate soldier and also effect his own release.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 7, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The General-in-Chief has received several communication in reference to the safety of the prisoners at Fort Warren. Although he has full confidence in your vigilance he thinks it not amiss to caution you against any attempt either from the land or sea which might be made to overpower your garrison and set free men of such political and personal wealth as many of the prisoners under your charge are possessed of. In this view a coopy of instructions from the Secreteary was sent you November 26 restricting intercourse with the prisoneres, and you were asked by telegraph the 4th instant what additional force you would require for the safety of the post.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, New York, December 7, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: On the 1st of November I had the honor to address you a letter* marked "confidential" calling your attention to the importunities of certain lawyers to obtain the release of political prisoners confined in Fort Lafayette, and alluded especially to the case of J. K. Millner,+ who had offered as much as $2,000 to any one instrumental in procuring his discharge. On my recent visit to Washington I mentioned the circumstance to the Assistant Secretary, and that a lawyer named Ludlow had taken a peculiar and suspicious interest in Millner's case. The Assistant Secretary replied that Mr. Ludlow had most positively assured him he was actuated solely by friendly and disinterested motives, and that he had never received or claimed of Millner one cent for his services. I now beg to inclose you an order from J. K. Millner on Lieutenant Wood in cahrge at the fort to pay Ludlow the sum of $150, together with Lieutenant Wood's letter to me on the subject. With these documents in your possession you will pershaps be able to judge for yourself after this what Mr. Ludlow's pretensions to disinterestedness and truthfulness are worth.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ROBT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

---------------

*Not found.

+For case of Millner, see post. Also see Hawley to Seward, November 25, p. 149; Seward to Colonels Dimick, Burke and Loomis, November 26 and 27 pp. 151,153, respectively.

---------------

