
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 10, 1861.

J. A. KENNEDY, New York:

It is deemed probable that Beverly Tucker, late consul to Liverpool, will soon try to embark for Europe in disguise or with a fraudulent passport. Look after and stop him. He is a large man, upwards of fifty, florid complexion, plaussible and boisterous manners.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

(Same to Jonathan Amory, Boston, and E. L. O. Adams, Portoland.)

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 11, 1861.

Captain GEORGE E. LEIGHTON,

Provost-Marshal, Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant and its inclosures. In reply I have to request that you will hold the prisoner Joseph M. P. Nolan in custody until further orders from this Department. I notice your observations respecting Her Britannic Majesty's consul at that point, Mr. Wilkins, and have to state that the Government of the United States appreciates the impartiality manifested by him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 12, 1861.

W. H. BARSE, Esq., Detroit, Mich.

SIR: The fund out of which you have heretofore been paid having been nearly exhausted I have to inform you that the Department will be compelled to dispense with your services and those of the two agents employed by you after the 15th instant.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 12, 1861.

Hon. S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury.

SIR: In a latter to you of the 5th instant I mentioned in connection with a recommendation of two peresons in Accomac and Northampton Counties, Va., for the offices of collector and surveyor that all my information from these counties was very satisfactory. I have to-day received a letter from General Lockwood in which he says that he summoned all the magistrates of Accomac County before him; that they all took the oath of allegiance as well as the sheriff and his deputies and clerks. He adds: "After this there was quite a rush of smaller officers to do likewise. " He was to go in a day or two after to Northampton and pursue the same course. He has made but a single arrest for disloyalty.

I consider the restoration of these counties to the Union complete, and if our troops were to be entirely withdrawn I am satisfied that there would be no movement against the Government. Of the 3,200

