
communication with them whatever, and further that the information elicted from such persons shall be immediately communicated to the major-general commanding or to the chief of staff and to no other person whatever.

The major-general commanding further directs that a sufficient guard be placed around every telegraph station pertaining to this army, and that such guards be instructed not to allow any perseon except the regular telegraph corps, general officers and such staff officers as may be authorized by their chief to enter or loiter around said stations within hearing of the sound of the telegraph instruments.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 19, 1861.

Hon. MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Postmaster-General.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Mr. William L. Yancey, an agent of the insurgents at London, England, has directed his friends and correspondents who post their letters in the loyal States to address him under cover to "Arthur Dare, 15 Half Moon street, London. " I deem it advisable therefore that the postmasters at New York, Boston and Portland be instructed to detain all letters to that address and to forward them either to the Post-Office or to this Department. It is presumed that this course will be approved by you. If so will you have the kindness to notify this Department?

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

D. L. PHILLIPS, U. S. Marshal, Cairo, Ill.:

Convey Christopher Ledwidge, Francis Lowe and S. R. Burnett to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

HEADQUARTERES OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK,

First Artillery, Commnading Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

COLONEL: The following is the decision of the Secretary of State in relation to certain privileges to be allowed prisoneres confined in Fort Warren:

There is no objection to the prisonerse at Fort Warren reading any newspapers which they may themselves obtain. Their receiving them through a third party, however, cannot be sanctioned as this might lead to the serious abuses.

I am, colonel, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

