
CONFIDENTIAL.] BARNUM'S HOTEL, Baltimore, July 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON.

SIR: To be short: I have a plan for securing the persons of Jefferson Davis, Floyd, Cobb and others prominent in this secession movement and should be glad to submit it to your judgment.

I believe the time is not far distant when these gentlemen (?) rebels will be obliged to flee the country. My strategem would have to do with them at that particular juncture and could not possibly fail of "bagging" some if not all of them. It could be done without much cost comparatively, and so far as I might be concerned would ask of Government the opportunity of executing it. Should you desire I will lay the whole matter before you at any time you may designate. It may be proper to add that when necessary I can present suitable credentials from some of your warmest friends.

Yours, very respectfully,

THOS. DENNY SARGENT,

Of Massachusetts.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, NEW YORK,

Collector's Office, July 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: James D. Bulloch, of Savannah, Ga., is now in England, and has purchased there ten war vessels and is fitting them out at an expense of about $750,000 for the use of the Southern Confederacy as a naval force. These vessels will sail from Liverpool under the flag of the Confederacy and will operate upon our merchantmen and navy ships.

This information was communicated to me to-day by Mr. J. A. Roosevelt, of the well-known and highly respected house of Rooselvelt &amp; Son, of this city, a nephew of Judge Rooselvet, a family connection of Mr. Bulloch, and who has seen letters from him directing his property here transferred to other parties so that it may not be confiscated by action of the United States Government. Of course I know not the grounds of this apprehension, but give it as I have given all the statements in this letter on Mr. Roosevelt's authority exclusively. Mr. Rooselvelt is an ardent Union man and would feel bound to denounce a brother probably to save the Government, but he does not wish his name used if it can be avoided.

I am, dear, sir, truly, yours,

HIRAM BARNEY.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representatives, July 12, 1861.

Resolved, That the Attorney-General be requested to lay before this House at his earliest, convenience a copy of the opinion mentioned in the message of the President delivered to this House on the opening of its present session, and also a copy of the General Order suspending the writ of habeas corpus.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 13, 1861.

TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

The Secretary of State to whom was referred that part of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 12th instant which

