
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 21, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal for the Southern District of New York.

SIR: In reply to your several letters I have to state that such of the prisoners to whom they refer as were captured in vessels charged with breaking the blockade as may not be required as witnesses may be discharged. Those captures in vessels of the insurgents should be held as prisoners of war and transferred as such to the custody of Colonel Burke or Colonel Loomis.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 21, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 25th ultimo* inviting my attention to the case of Charles T. Temple, a British subject arrested at Frederick on the charge of being a deserter from the U. S. service, I have the honor to inform you that the matter was referred to General Banks, a copy of whose report in the case I now transmit for the information of Lord Lyons together with the inclosures+ therein referred to and an unopened letter addressed to Temple. These papers contain all the information in the possession of this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

FREDERICK, MD., December 11, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS, Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

SIR: I have the honor to return to you by your direction the inclosed papers relating to Charles T. Temple, a supposed prisoner at Frederick and to accompany the same with a full statement of facts connected with Temple's detention here. It appears that he was arrested as a spy some two months since by the commander of the home guard and that a few days after he escaped from custody since which time he has not been heard from except by a threatened appeal to the British minister on account of his arrest. I inclose also an unopened letter addressed to Mr. Charles T. Temple by the British consul, I suppose from the superscription, at Baltimore.

I am, s ir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 23, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq., Superintendent of Police, New York:

Mr. John E. Ward, late U. S. minister to China, is expected to arrive with his family on the Arago. He is to be left free to land and otherwise.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

*See p. 147.

+Inclosure omitted.

---------------

