
searching his person I found concealed in an overcoat pocket one large druggist's jar containing thirty ounces of quinine, one package of letters addressed to parties in Europe and a number of photographs. I also found in Wilson's hat very ingeniously concealed twenty ounces of quinine. From reliable information received since the arrest I am satisfied that Wilson is no other person that the notorious Billy Wilson, of Saint Mary's County, Md., and the individual for whom the Government recently offered a large reward. Wilson had on him when arrested British papers and a British passport showing that he had traveled throughout Europe as an Englishman. Wilson is now confined at Fort McHenry awaiting the orders of the State Department. I consider him a very unsafe man to be at large.

Yours, very respectfully,

L. C. BAKER.

U. S. MARSHALS OFFICE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, New York, December 31, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In obedience to your order of the 28th instant I have released the crew of the bark Empress and of prize ship Lida unconditionally. Caspar Klock and William [Brown] I liberated on the conditions stipulated in your special letter ordering their discharge.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

ANNAPOLIS, December 31, 1861.

General HUGER, Commanding Department, Norfolk.

DEAR SIR: My servant Robert Halloway, a negro, was taken prisoner at Bull Run. He is now cook for the Federal prisoners at Richmond and is known to most of the officers of your service who were formerly in our Army. As he has been with me for many years I of course am anxious to get him again, and Commodore Goldsborough has kindly offered to interests himself in the matter. Will you be kind enough to communicate with your Government on the subject and inform me through the commodore how I may if possible get him? General McClellan tells me that he released in Western Virginia a large number of officers' servants.

Very truly, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Found with the above.]

ON STEAMER S. R. SPAULDING, Off Roanoke Island, February 17, 1862.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: General A. E. Burnside having released to us our servants, slaves included, we respectfully request that his servant, Ro. Halloway, captured at Manassas in July last and now held a prisoner in Richmond, be restored to him. This release of our servants by General Burnside

