
containing clothing obviously intended for transfer to the enemy and for their use, also five letters addressed to persons within the enemy's lines containing correspondence of a treasonable character. It is alleged by Captain Gwynn that the boxes in question were left with his wife in his absence, and that she on perceiving the directions tore them off intending to return the boxes to the lady from whom they were received.

The colonel who arrested him states that "the written directions on labels upon the boxes had evidently been recently removed as I found labels corresponding with the directions upon the boxes concealed in a small box on the mantelpiece. " The addresses on the labels are "Mrs. Monlmia Cary, Hospital, Culpeper Court-House, Va. " and "Lieutenant Charles S. Contee, First Maryland Artillery Company, stationed at Aquia Creek, Va. "

Since the receipt of the papers on which the preceding statements are based documents inclosed to the Hon. W. H. Seward, Secretary of State, have been forwarded to this office from the State Department. They consist of statements by Mrs. Mary Harford and Mrs. Eleanor Gwynn, wife of Captain Gwynn, indorses by Dr. G. H. Bayne, of the Maryland senate, and Hon. Charles B. Calvert, of the U. S. House of Representatives. Mrs. Harford states that the boxes in question were left with her by a young and inexperienced girl (name not given) to be sent to Piscataway; that Mrs. Harford took them to Captain Gwynn's residence to be sent, and Captain Gwynn being absent left them with his wife; that a large portion of the articles in question were old clothes and other articles of little value not intended for army purposes; that some of them were articles sent by a widow to her sick son, who left before the outbreak and was not permitted to return, he having taken no part whatever in the rebellion. She alleges most positively that Captain and Mrs. Gwynn knew nothing whatever of the contents or destination of the boxes in question; that Mrs. Gwynn did not even see the boxes until after she (Mrs. Harford) left, and that Captain Gwynn was not at home. She further states that whatever responsibility there is in the case belongs to her rather to Mrs. Gwynn; that two of her brothers died in the service of this Government, &amp;c.

Mrs. Gwynn's statement is to the same effect so far as her and her husband are concerned. She also states that on perceiving to whom the boxes were directed she tore off the labels intending to return the boxes to the lady from whom they were received; that Captain Gwynn never had any direct or indirect connection with the Southern Army; that his numerous friends and neighbors can give unequivocal evidence in his favor.

Dr. George H. Bayne, senator from Prince George County legislature, feels warranted in fully indorsing Mrs. Gwynn's statement "from a long and intimate acquaintance with Captain and Mrs. Gwynn. "

Hon. Charles B. Calvert, U. S. House of Representatives, considers Mrs. Gwynn's statement indorsed by his friend Doctor Bayne entitled to be received as unquestionably true. The circumstances previously known at this office concerning Captain Gwynn are as follows:

It appears that last spring he was concerned in an attempt to get up and drill a company or companies of militia in the county in which he resides. It being deemed by the military authorities that the organization was covertly intended as an aid to the rebellion it was broken up. Apprehensive of being arrested for his share in those proceedings Captain Gwynn fled to the rebel portion of Virginia where he remained some months. The testimony is very conflicting as to what he did

