
requested the Attorney-General to lay before the House a copy of the order suspending the writ of habeas corpus has the honor to report that three several orders upon this subject have been issued - one by the President of the United States to the commanding general of the Army of the 27th of April; the second by a proclamation of the President of the 10th May last, and the third by an order of the President to the commanding general of the Army of the 2nd instant. A copy of these orders is hereunto annexed.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

The COMMANDING GENERAL RMY OF THE UNITED STATES:

You are engaged in repressing an insurrection against the laws of the United States. If at any point on or in the vicinity of any military line which is now or which shall be used between the city of Philadelphia and the city of Washington you find residence which renders it necessary to suspend the writ of habeas corpus for the public safety, you personally or through the officer in command at the point where resistance occurs are authorized to suspend that writ.

Given under my hand and the seal of the United States, at the city of Washington, this 27th day of April, 1861, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President of the United States:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas an insurrection exists in the State of Florida by which the lives, liberty and property of loyal citizens of the United States are endangered; and

Whereas it is deemed proper that all needful measures should be taken for the protection of such citizens and all officers of the United States in the discharge of their public duties in the State aforesaid:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do hereby direct the commander of the forces of the United States on the Florida coast to permit no person to exercise any office or authority upon the islands of Key West, the Tortugas and Santa Rose which may be inconsistent with the laws and Constitution of the United States, authorizing him at the same time if he shall find it necessary to suspend there the writ of habeas corpus and to remove from the vicinity of the United States fortresses all dangerous or suspencted persons.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 10th day of May, A. D. 1861, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

The COMMANDING GENERAL ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES:

You are engaged in repressing an insurrection against the laws of the United States. If at any point on or in the vicinity of any military line

