
there; some persons allege positively that he was in the rebel army while others again are equally positive that he was not. Moreover I have not evidence showing whether his flight took place after or before the President's proclamation of non-intercourse with the rebel States.

After his return home he came to this office voluntarily on the 25th of November and expressed his wish to take the oath of allegiance to this Government. Having no authority to comply with his request I recommended him to call for that purpose on Thomas C. Donn, justice of the peace of this city, by whom oath was administered to him. The oath and signature are now on file in this office. The evidence in this case proves the following facts, to vit:

That having been engaged in a military company of very questionable loyalty either as regards its composition or its objects he fled to a rebel State, apprehensive that if he remained he would be liable to arrest for his connection with said company; that after his return he voluntarily came to this city and took the oath of allegiance; that two boxes containing articles and correspondence unquestionably designed to be conveyed to rebels for the purpose of giving them aid, comfort and information were found in his residence under very suspicious circumstances.

I therefore respectfully recommend that as the testimony in this case is very contradictory and Captain Gwynn has been but a short time in custody he be retained until the military authorities stationed in that vicinity are able to institute further investigations. Herewith I inclose to you the statements* of Mrs. Eleanor Gwynn and Mrs. Mary Harford, with Doctor Bayne's and Hon. Charles B. Calvert's indorsements,* which the Secretary of State requests should be transmitted to him with your report on the subject.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

CITY OF WASHINGTON, January 16, 1862.

I, Ellie M. Poole, a resident of the city of Wheeling, State of Virginia, by profession a teacher, now imprisoned in the city of Washington and charged with treasonable conduct against the Government of the United-States, do hereby give my parole of honor and solemnly pledge my word and faith that on condition of my release from imprisonment I will hereafter keep myself from all connection with the existing rebellion against said Government; that I will not engage directly or indirectly by communicating information or otherwise in the service of the Confederate States so-called or either of them against the United State, and that I will not in any way engage or assist in any resistance to the authority or forces of the United States. I do hereby request of said Government of the United States that I may be sent by said Government to Fortress Monroe and be permitted to pass thence to the city of Norfolk, Va.

Witness my hand on the day above written.

ELLIE M. POOLE.

Subscribed in my presence at Washington, D. C., January 16, 1862.

THOMAS M. KEY,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

