
glorifying over the result disturbed them in their deliberations, and procuring a locomotive lantern so placed it that all who came from the hall were recognized and names put down. Since then they have been more secret in their operations, but there is good reason to believe that they have not discontinued their meetings. Mr. William M. Connelly, room No. 6, police headquarters, New York City, is a shrewd and experienced detective and operated with me last December in investigating some supposed frauds upon the revenue, and suspected operations of some parties in movements and designs of running the Southern blockade. He has an original certificate of membership in the order of Knights of the Golden Circle, and informed me that if any lodge of the kind did exist in this city he could find it out and obtain admission. It would be a desirable thing to have these matters investigated, inasmuch as this city is the focus and center of the seccession sympathizers in this portion of Connecticut. I had some correspondence with the honorable Secretary of the Treasury in relation to those parties who were suspected of running the blockade, and will refer you to him as to whether any statements from me are reliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. H. THOMPSON,

Deputy Collector.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 22, 1862.

Hon. HANNIBAL HAMLIN, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note* of this date, accompanied by one addressed to you by G. S. C. Dow, esq., in which that gentleman expresses a wish to correspond with a chent at New Orleans and asks if it is possible or proper for him to do so. In reply I have the honor to acquaint you that the interruption of correspondence with that quarter has been occasioned by a military exigency. To the general regulation upon the subject there has been occasional exceptions. It is impracticable for me to determine beforehand whether ce in which Mr. Dow wishes to engage ought to be one of them. If, however, he will send open to this Department any letter which he may wish to address to his client the expediency of forwarding the same to its destination will be taken into due consideration.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

COLONEL: I will thank you to inform Mr. William T. Wilson, a prisoner confined at Fort Lafayette, that in consequence of the doubts as to his idenity you have been instructed to discharge him from custody. You will also please inform him that in view of his having secreted about his person also please inform him that in view of his having secreted about his person at the time of his arrest an unusual quantity of quinine, and of other suspicious circumstances which have come to the knowledge of the Government, a watch will be kept over his future movements. You will please discharge him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

