
or more I found his accedemical character not only unsullied but remarkable for all that adorns youth in the eyes of the good and wise. I pray that these facts may have weight, and thent (should his speedy release be denied) may be as little as possible rigorons. It is my earnest hope that his discharge may be deemed comopatible with the demands of the public good.

I remain, &amp;c.,

A. CLEVELAND COXE,

Rector of Grace Church, Baltimore.

It may be proper to remark that although Doctor Coxe preaches to a Baltimore congregation of which a large portion are known to entertain treasonable sentiments he is nevertheless considered a decided Union man. It has since been ascertained by inquiry at the Department of the Secretary of State that that portion of the prisoner's statement is correct in which he mentions his unsuccessful application for a passport to go South.

The evidence in this case establishes the following facts: That the Rev. Bennett Smedes having made application at the State Department for a pass and having failed to obtain one, the honorable Secretary of State not considering his case on in which the same should be issued, finding himself thus unable to attain his object in a legitimate manner did clandestinely, contrary to law and with knowledge that he was acting unlawfully, attempt to circumvent the authority of the United States by entering one of the States in rebellion; that inasmuch as the act of crossing the Potomac in this manner is in contravention of the proclamation of the President and highly detrimental to the efficiency of our military operations it is necessary that strong measures should be taken to discourage such attempts by the punishment of all concerned in them no matter what may be their character, standing or purpose.

I therefore respectfully recommend that Rev. Bennett Smedes be confined until the conclusion of the war or until such time as by the advance of our amies he may be enabled to visit his relative without violating the President's proclamation.

All of which is duly submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

[Inrosement.]

Let him be detained for the present.

W. H. S[EWARD].

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington January 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor.

SIR: Your letter of the 21st instant has been received, and in compliance ith your requeset I inclose herewith 100 copies of the prescribed oath of allegiance. You will observe that the words "and further, that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law," is applicable to those only who hold office under the Government and may be omitted when administered to private citizens.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

