
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Wheeling, Va., January 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of Western Virginia.

SIR: I call your attention to the inclosed newspaper paragraphs in relation up certain loyal citizens of Virginia threatened with an ignominious death by the traitors assembled in Richmond; George W. Aubrey (printed Aufrey), A. W. McDonald and Henry A. Ault, all of Hardy County. These men were in a State military company and by orders were when taken acting under the U. S. military officers stationed at Fort Pendleton, near the southwest corner of Maryland, and were to all intents and purposes of war a military company in the U. S. service, and for its members this government demands the protection of the United States. John Alford has never been in arms and is charged with being a candidate for the legislature here. I have been unable to procure information respecting Messrs. Bone and Bergdale, but it is probable they were members of the Hardy County company aforesaid. In the name and on the behalf of the restored government of Virginia and by the direction of the executive thereof I earnestly appeal to you to take such in the premises as will relieve these men from the perils which environ them at Richmond; or if the suggestion of the traitor Benjamin is adopted and our loyal friends die for devotion to our flag a signal example of retributive vengeance will be executed that will deter the cowardly traitors assembled there from the perpetration of like cruelties there afterward. The prisoners as far as known are respectable, worthey men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

HENRY I. SAMUELS,

Adjutant-General of Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Wheeling, Va., January 24, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

The within letter states facts which show that the persons alluded to cannot be hung or otherwise punishe without violating the principles of humanity which have hitherto been acted on and tending to frightful reprisals.

W. S. ROSECRANS,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

ARREST OF UNION PATRIOTS.

The following was sent to the Virginia senate on Thursday by Governor Letcher:

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., January 10, 1862.

JOHN RANDOLPH TUCKER, Esq., Attorney-General.

SIR: I respectfully inform you that the following-named persons now confined in jail here have been examined by the Hon. James Lyons, as commissioner for this Department, and he reports them as being in his opinion traitors that ought to be hung. This being a matter that concerns the civil authorities I deem it my duty to give you their namese, as follows; viz: First, George W. Aufrey; second, Henry A. Ault; third, Benjamin Bone; fourth, John Bergdale; fifth, Aaron W. McDonald; sixth, John Alford.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

