HEADQUARTERS, Balitmore, January 24, 1862.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Nineteen persons were arrested last week at a place of rendezvous from which they were to go t othe insurgent States. Several haveb een released on taking the oath of allgiance, the evidence not being perfectly clear in regard to them. There are twelve who should be sent away as there is no room for them at Fort McHenry. One of these men, Thomas C. Titzpatrick, is claimed to be a British subject, and I am told was discharged from Fort Warren or Fort Lafayette on the application of Lord Lyons. I do not know what was the charge in recruiting for the insurgent army and that he was the leader of the party arrested. They were under on oath not to divulge the purposes of their organization.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 25, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: Referring to your letter of the 24th instant the receipt of which has heretofore been acknowledged I have the honor to authorize you to convey the twelve prisoners (names not given) referred to by you to Fort Lafayette, New York Harvor. Will you please transmit to this Department a list of their names together with a report of the proof upon which they are held?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary of State.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 27, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: In the case of Nathaniel N. Clabaugh, of Morgan County, Va., a prisoner confined in the Old Capitol Building, I have the honor to report in obedience to the request of the honorable Secreteary of State as follows:

Said Clabaugh was received at this office from General Bank's division, Upper Potomac, on the 18th instant, accompanied by the following charges:

First. That said Clabaugh was one of a party of four instrumental in conveying information from Maryland to Winchester of a treasonable nature.

Second. That he harbored rebel officers and soldiers.

Third. That he oppressed the Union party of that section of Virginia in which he lived.

Fourth. Refused to take the oath, declaring he was a Virginia and Virginia had declared her independence.

Fifth. That he aided and abetted in connection with Van Arsdale and Fleece, of Morgan County (reported at Frederick), to sustain the rebel Government and was very violent in opposition to the Federal Government.

These several charges stated before me.

JOHN G. HOVEY,Lieutenant Thirteenth Regiment Massachusetts Vols., Provost-Marshal, Williamsport.

Witnesses: Lieutenant Grafflen, First Virginia Brigade; Captain J. Kearns, First Virginia Brigade; others can be obtained.

