
had never bee in his company or passed a line with him diretly or indirectly since the occasions above mentioned taking place last spring; that Van Arsdale has not been a near neighbor of his, and as he (Clabaugh) never had any business with him of any kind he had not even seen him for ten months or more to his knowledge until they met in Wiliamsport, and that he had never passed a word with him about the war either since or before it commenced; that all of his family are uncompromising Union folks, &amp;c.

The above charges and statement is all the evidence that I have beena ble to collect in this case. The prisoner is quite an old man of frank and earnest manners, and I have no doubt but that his statement is correct. He suggests that his property is all without our military lines, and that it would be unnecessarily jeopardizing it to require him to take the oath of allegiance to the United States at the present time. I understand that he is willing to give his parole of honor not to interfere in this contest.

In conclusion I am inclined to think that Nathaniel N. Clabaugh, of Morgan County, Va., may safely be released from custody on taking the usual oathof allegiance, stipulating that he will not go beyond our meant and he the rebel States.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 29, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: * * * Will you please proceed to the different forts wherein persons captured while attempting to run the blockade are confined and release all who are not citizens of the United States and whose testimony is not required in the administration of justice. Please return this inclosure with your eport thereon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., January 31, 1862.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I desire an investigation of my case, and it is for the purpose of giving you an insight into the circumstances attending my arrest that I now address you. I left Hickman, Ky., November 19 to go to Cairo, Ill., to pay taxes on land that I own on Bird's Point, Mo. On my way thither I meet with Colonel Wallace at Charleston, Mo., and went with him to Bird's Point. Arriving there I ascertained that my agent was at Cairo. I then asked the colonel for a pass to Cairo which he granted. After giving my taxes to Mr. Falls I was arrested and held for five weeks atthe above-named place when I was sent here, arriving at my present quarters on the 29th of December. I know of no charges against me nor have I heard of any reason for my arrest. For proof as to my loyalty I refer you to Captain D. L. Duffy, of the flag-ship Benton.

I remain, yours, respectfully,

C. LEDIDGE.

N. B. - If it is required I am perfectly willing to take the oath of allegiance.

