HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 31, 1862

Brigadier General JOSEPH HOOKER, Commanding Division.

GENERAL: Your communication with accompanying papers concerning the arrest of James T. Blackiston, of Leonardtown, Md., was received at these headquarters some time since. Pressure of public business has caused the delay of this reply. The report of Major Chapman, the officer making the arrest, expressly states that no proof exists that the prisoner had either committed, aided or abetted any treasonable act against the United States nor do the papers show the slightest ground for suspecting that he entertained any such desing. The commanding general directs me to say that the unnecessary arrest of any citizen is much to be regretted, and that that of Mr. Blackiston seems to have been without sufficient cause and is therefore not approved. Mr. Blackiston has been discharged.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 1, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: For your information I have the honor to inclose herewith an extract* from an intercepted letter which seems to indicate that Mr. N. D. Falls, president of the Bay State Line, Baltimore, is or has been engaged in transmitting correspondence to the insurrectionary States. Will you have the kindness to cause an examination as to the facts to be made and reported to this Department?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,Washington, February 1, 1862.

J. L. McPHALL, Deputy Provost-Marshal, Baltimore, Md.:

Young Wise, son of General Henry A. Wise, was seen here to-day dressed in uniform. Suspected to have left on 5 p. m. train disguised as an invalid, wearing black pants over uniform pants. He is about twenty-four years old, five ten inches high, slim build, very darkbrown hair and eyes large. Youthful appearance. May have mustache and goatee but no whiskers. Look close for him.

A. PORTER,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, February 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I understand from a reliable source that Senator Bright, of Indiana, will be expelled Tuesday next. I am thoroughly convinced from facts coming to my knowledge that he intends going South as soon as opportunity presents itself. Should he not be put under surveillance at least if not arrested?

Yours, most respectfully,

L. C. BAKER.

---------------

*Not inclosed.

---------------

