
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, February 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Sandusky City, Ohio.

SIR: * * * There are now here about fifty-eight prisoners of state. The Government has furnished these with bedding and common furniture.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Sandusky City, Ohio, February 3, 1862.

Colonel LUTHER DAY, Judge-Advocate of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio.

COLONEL: I have in my possession petitions for the release of certain prisoners of war now at Camp Chase, and in order that their cases may be properly laid before the Department of State I request of you the favor to inform me of the facts and circumstances as far as they are known to you connected with the arrest of the following-named persons, viz: G. A. Davis, Matthew Bright, George T. Henderson, J. Allen Harwood, W. H. Wise, Lewis S. Farell, A. W. Jones, J. W. Wigal, W. H. Peterson, J. B. Smith, G. S. Grove, John W. Coffman, John Barneto and Thomas W. Tillman. If there is anything known to you why the cases of any of the above named should not be favorably considered I will be obliged to you if you will mention it. Will you also have the kindness to inform me if the prisoners at Camp Chase have a sufficient supply of bedding which they can bring with them when they are transferred to the depot near this city? Is it public or private property? The depot is supplied with bed sacks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighth Infantry, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 4, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL: I inclose a confidential letter addressed to me from London by Mr. Joseph L. Chester, and will thank you for any information which you can communicate touching the Mr. Wethered to whom it refers. Please return the inclosure with your answer.

I am, general, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

LONDON, January 18, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, &amp;c., Washington.

SIR: I feel it my duty to call your attention to the fact that a person who has been for some time in this country representing himself, and I believe correctly so, to be the agent of Union men in Baltimore who hold a Government contract (concerning wool or woolen goods) openly avows himself a secessionist, associates constantly with that class here,

