
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 4, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, &amp;c.

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose for your information a letter* from an agent of the Government of the United States containing a list of disloyal persons at Alexandria and in its vicinity who are in the habit of applying for papers to cross the river back and forth. It is recommended that passes hereafter be withheld from any of the parties therein mentioned unless they shall furnish satisfactory evidence of loyalty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

WASHINGTON, February 4, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &c.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of a letter which I have received from Mr. Thomas Craggs who states himself to be a British subject, and who is it appears confined in the Old Capitol Prison in this city. I shall be very much obliged if you will give me any information which it may seem proper that I should receive concerning his case.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

[Inclosure.]

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, January 28, 1862.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS.

MY LORD: I have the honor to state to your lordship that I am held in this prison, having been arrested on the 12th instant at my home near Pohick, Fairfax County, Va. ; that I am a British subject, native of County Durham in England, and that I have resided in America eight years without ever taking any steps whatever toward becoming a naturalized citizen of this country. I have to assure your lordship that I have in no manner had any connection with the disturbances of this country, and am satisfied that no charge can be brought against me with the least show of justice on this score. I have therefore to ask your lordship's kind interference on my behalf to the end that I may be set at liberty.

THOMAS CRAGGS.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, FOURTH AUDITOR'S OFFICE,

February 4, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to inclose a copy of an official letter addressed to myself by James J. Waddell, late a lieutenant in the U. S. Navy, who was dismissed from the service on the 18th ultimo. I also inclose a copy of his resignation forwarded to the Secretary of the Navy. I desire respectfully to add that this correspondence is transmitted from a sense of duty and with no reference to the request made in his communication of the 1st instant.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOBART BERRIAN.

---------------

*Not inclosed.

---------------

