
[Inclosure No. 1.]

HOBART BERRIAN, Esq., Fourth Auditor, Treasury.

SIR: Your communication of this day's date is before me and in reply to it I have to say that if the Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State, will permit me to go South to collect the money my account can be settled in compliance with the order dated April 26, 1861. Otherwise I desire my account settled after the usual custom.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES J. WADDELL.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

U. S. SHIP JOHN ADAMS,

Saint Helena, November 20, 1861.

Honorable GEDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: The people of the State of North Carolina having withdawn their allegiance to the Government and the State from the Confederacy of the United States-owing to these circumstances and for reasons to be hereinafter mentioned-I return to His Excellency the President of the United States the commission which appointed me a lieutenant in the Navy with other public documents, asking acceptance thereof.

In thus separating myself from associations which I have cherished for twenty years I wish it to be understood that no doctrine of the right of secession nor wish for disunion of the States impel me, but simply because my home is the home of my people in the South and I cannot bear arms against it or them.

I am, sir, respectfully,

JAMES J. WADDELL.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 4, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have received and confined at Fort Lafayette twenty-eight prisoners from Marshal Murray.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Third Artillery.

P. S. -There are now 118 prisoners at the fort. The largest number ever there at one time was about 130.

M. B.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, February 7, 1862.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War with the suggestion that a part of the prisoners-mostly political-now confined in Fort Lafayette be recommended to the Department of State to be transferred to Fort Warren on account of the want of means to make so many men decently comfortable in Fort Lafayette at this season.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

