
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, February 5, 1862.

SECRETARY OF STATE:

Upon inquiry of the officers in charge of clothing contracts at New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore I learn that they have now no contracts with the house of Wethered Bros., of Baltimore, but that Colonel Charles Thomas. formerly in charge of the clothing depot at Philadelphia, made a contract with Charles E. Wethered for 32,500 yards of six-quarter dark blue kersey at $1,69 per yard, which contract was completed on November 21, 1861. This probably is the person and the contract referred to in the confidential letter from London referred to me by the State Department and returned yesterday. I presume Mr. Wethered had visited Europe to purchase wool at a time when its increased price in this country bore heavily upon contractors for army cloths. I know nothing of the person himself.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., February 5, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL: In the case of Isaac Ballenger, a prisoner confined in the Old Capitol Building, I have the honor to report as follows: On the 27th of September last the following letter was received at this office:

CAMDEN, September 22, 1861.

JAMES LESLIE, Esq.

DEAR SIR: A man by the name of Isaac Ballenger, a native of Burlington County, N. J., but for the last five or six years a citizen of Saint Joseph in Missouri, is now in this place. He left Saint Joseph, Mo., last Wednesday according to his own account and arrived here Saturday evening. He is now visiting his relatives in New Jersey. he is a violent secessionist, and I understand admits that he was arrested before he left Saint Joseph by the Union men. His mother, a very estimable woman lives in Virginia between Alexandria and mount Vernon. She is the wife of David Walton, a Union man, formerly of New Jersey. He has a brother, John Ballenger, who lives close to Walton, in Virginia, who is also a Union man. I understand he (Isaac) is about to visit Washington on his road to Virginia. He will no doubt apply for a pass to visit his relatives in Virginia and will most likely pass himself off as a Jerseyman. If he gets over into Virginia he will carry information to the rebels and do us mischief. You had better watch out for him and put the authorities on their guard against him. His relations in Virginia are all from this State-loyal and very clever people.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

THOMAS H. DUDLEY.

On the 7th of November last the following letter was received at this office:

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Fort Lyon, November 6, 1861.

Brigadier-General MONTGOMERY, Alexandria.

GENERAL: By the direction of General Heintzelman I send you a man by the name of Isaac Ballenger who was arrested and brought to these headquarters. He has strong Southern proclivities, and came to Alexandria under a pass belonging to another party, not being able to obtain one for himself. He wishes to go to New Jersey. The general requests you to take charge of him to-night and forward him with a guard to the provost-marshal in Washington.

Respectfully,

ISAAC MOSES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

