
as a rebel and he consequently told them he was a rebel to wind up his statement of the case I suppose get rid of the plebeian public servants who were humbly endeavoring to ascertain his true relation to the Government.

Of course it is not necessary for me to say to you or the honorable Secretary of War that we are not in the habit at this office of confounding Democrats and rebels and that a man's civil politics or religion has nothing to do with his examination or disposition at these headquarters; and any full-grown man that would resort to such a miserable subterfuge and falsehood to effect his release does not deserve to succeed in his attempt.

The undertaking of Dundas after essaying to clear himself by this miserable prevarication to set himself up as a court-martial and coolly recommend the simultaneous release of one of the most dangerous characters confined in the Old Capitol Building is too ridiculous to be laughable these serious times.

Of course it is unnecessary for me to suggest that the safety of the country demands as a military necessity that this pert sprig of aristocracy-so full of secession venom that he would gladly forswear his foster Government, swear allegiance to the Confederate States and glory in being called a rebel-should be kept in close confinement until the end of the war for the Union. Of course any oath that he would now take would be merely for the purpose of getting out of confinement and would be but adding perjury to treason.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant.

E. J. ALLEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 6, 1862.

JOSEPH L. CHESTER, Esq., London, England.

SIR: I have to acknowledge and thank you for the information contained in your confidential letter of the 18th ultimo. Having referred it to the quartermaster-General of the United States that officer has learned upon inquiring of the officers in charge of the clothing contracts at New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore that they have now no contracts with the house of Wethered Bros., of Baltimore, but that Colonel Thomas, formerly in charge of the clothing depot at Philadelphia, made a contract with Charles E. Wethered for 32,000 yards of six-quarter dark blue kersey at &amp;1,69 per yard, which was completed on November 21, 1861. This it is thought by the Quartermaster-General is probably the person and the contract referred to by you, and he presumes that Mr. Wethered had visited Europe to purchase wool at a time when its increased price in this country bore heavily upon contractors for army cloths.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 6, 1862.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have received and sent to Fort Lafayette thirty-eight prisoners from Marshal Murray. They were formerly confined I understand

