
in Philadelphia. There are now confined in the fort 153 prisoners, and it is pretty well filled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, FOURTH AUDITOR'S OFFICE,

February 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: On the 4th instant I had the honor to inclose certain official letters in the case of James J. Waddell, late a lieutenant in the U. S. Navy. I beg herewith respectfully to submit a copy of Mr. Waddell's reasons for abandoning the service. The original has been handed me by an officer who served with him in the same vessel and who will bear testimony to his disloyalty.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HOBART BERRIAN.

[Inclosure.]

JANUARY 13, 1862.

TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

I resigned to avoid bearing arms against my father's home, my

father's sons and my relations, all of whom are scattered through the seceded States, and to whom I am bound by the ties o blood and affection stronger than life itself. I prefer to give up my commission in the Navy rather than incur the displeasure and risk the affection of those dear ones. I surrender twenty years' service and an ample support rather than offer bodily hurt to them. I therefore cannot take the oath offered me. Could I subscribe to it why should I have resigned? I am and have been a citizen of the State of Maryland since the year 1848 when I married in Annapolis, and have at the present time a wife, a child and a little property there. I have no property of any kind in the seceded States. I am not hostile to the Constitution and laws of The United States. I am not its enemy. I venerate the flag, and would to God the strife it is now engaged in was with a foreign and not a domestic foe that I might hazard limb and life and shed freely my blood in its defense. I am pained to feel that a suspicion rests upon me and that it is necessary I should be compelled to declare my intention to remain a quiet, unobtrusive person in the city of Annapolis during this civil war. If the Government officials will [not] consider me above suspicion but hold me a prisonerious intent, I am surely at their disposition. I need no watchman, I need no guard. If I am to be consigned to the walls of a prison I will be the bearer of the order to its keeper and will deliver my body to his care until such a time as it may please the Government to order my release. I simply desire to be permitted to occupy the position of a citizen of the United States just as thousands of men are to-day. I have finished.

JAMES J. WADDELL.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio, February 7, 1862.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Sandusky Ohio.

SIR: Your of February 3 to Colonel Luther Day, judge-advocate, inquiring as to a list of prisoners at Camp Chase prison was opened by

