
Governor Tod in absence of Colonel Day. Governor Tod sent me to the prison to see as to cause of commitment of these men, &amp;c. I found that all the persons, viz, G. A. Davis, Matthew Bright, George T. Henderson, J. Allen Harwood, W. H. Wise, Lewis S. Farrell, A. W. Jones, J. W. Wigal, W. H. Peterson, J. B. Smith, G. S. Grove, John W. Coffman, John Barneto and Thomas W. Tillman had been already discharged or sent away. The bedding, &c., at camp is public property but is all needed there. There is none that can be sent with the prisoners worth anything. Jonathan Whisler, sent there from Blue's Gap, Va., as a military prisoner is willing to be discharged on his parole, give security and remain in Ohio and not bear arms. He was a Virginia militiaman and pressed into the service. Is a rheumatic man, and I am satisfied is a non-combatant and ought to be released.

Yours, respectfully,

B. F. HOFFMAN,

For Governor Tod.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 8, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 1st instant I have the honor to report that N. D. Falls is not the president of the Bay line of steamers. The president's name is Moor N. Falls. There is an inaccuracy therefore in the intercepted letter. The person alluded to is no doubt the same. I do not believe fro the examination I have made that he has been concerned in the transmission of correspondence except as the provost-marshal is. Open letters with the Confederate postage inclosed are sometimes forwarded to him and handed by him to the provost messenger on the steamer to be delivered to Major-General Wool for examination before they are transmitted to Virginia.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, February 9, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

To-day the Rev. J. R. Stewart was arrested in the pulpit of Saint Paul's Church in Alexandria for omitting the prayer for the President of the United States by your detective here, Mr. Morton. The omission of that prayer occurred in the same church in my presence weeks since. I reported the fact to the headquarters of the [Army of the] Potomac for the information of the Government, but did not deem it an act that authorized or called for my interference. Had it been a matter of duty I would cheerfully have taken such measures as the circumstances called for and will execute any instructions as may be given in the case, but as it now stands I conceive my rightful authority has been interfered with and the quiet and police order of the city disturbed. May I ask to be put in possession of the Government's views in such cases. My own views and object in the performance of duty here has been to win rather than force back the affections and adherence of Southern people to the Constitution and its blessings. This I have and still believe the true policy to reinstate the Constitution in all its integrity.

W. R. MONTGOMERY,

Brigadier-General.

