
ALEXANDRIA, February 9, 1862.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State:

Attended church over which Reverend Mr. Stewart is pastor. He omitted to read prayer for the President of the United States, also for Congress. I requested him to read them twice. He declined. Ordered him under arrest as a state prisoner. He is a Northern secessionist.

S. W. MORTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 10, 1862.

His Excellency AUGUSTUS W. BRADFORD,Governor of Maryland.

SIR: Honorable R. B. Carmichael has for many months been one of the prime movers of disaffection and disloyalty on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He was the author of a treasonable memorial to the legislature, published and circulated under his own signature while holding a place on the bench. His charges to the grand juries in his district have been inflammatory and insulting to the Federal Government. He has caused military officers to be indicted and has charged grand juries that it was their duty to find bills against all persons who had given information on which arrests had been made by order of the Government. Under his instructions Brigadier-General Lockwood-whose conduct has been marked by the most prudent and discreet forbearance in the execution of my orders which have been by many regarded as too lenient-was subjected to the indignity of an indictment. This man is a dishonor to the bench. He is a dishonor to the loyal State of Maryland. I have forborne to take any measures in regard to him by the advice of gentlemen on the Eastern Shore; but I believe the feeling is now nearly unanimous that his disloyal and vindictive conduct has been endured too long. It was proposed months ago to arrest him and send him to Fort Lafayette. Though he deserves it I prefer to have him sent into the Confederate States to be turned over to he insurgents with whom he sympathizes and whose cause he is doing all in his power to promote. He is unworthy of the protection of a Government which he is laboring to subvert and he ought not to enjoy its privileges. I think he should go where he will find congenial associations. In this matter I should be glad to know Your Excellency's views.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

Extract* from proceedings of the British Imperial Parliament, Monday, February 10, 1862, in relation to the arrest of British subjects in America.

The Earl of Carnarvon said he was anxious to ask a question of some importance of the noble earl [Russell], the secretary of foreign affairs. The House would remember that on Friday last he made some remarks on the case of an Englishman in America who had been taken into custody and sent to prison under the warrant of Mr. Seward. Since Fri-

---------------

*See Executive Document third session Thirty-seventh Congress, 1862-1863, Vol. I.

---------------

