
correspondence and close league with the enemy have been arrested and passes from high military functionaries found upon them.

In conclusion I beg to suggest the great importance to the cause of the Union that more stringent measures should be adopted and a wiser policy pursued in the military administration of the affairs at this point.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. MORTON,

Special Government Agent.

NEW YORK, February 12, 1862.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR:

* * * * * * * *

P. S. -Allow me to observe that there are over 150 prisoners now in Fort Lafayette, a number too large by fifty. Some steps ought to be taken to reduce the number.

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. C. HAWLEY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 13, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: Will you please transmit to this Department a list of all the persons received and held in confinement at Fort Lafayette and Fort Hamilton other than prisoners of war since the 4th of March, 1861, with a statement showing when and on whose order they were severally received, when and on whose order any of them were transferred to any place of detention or discharged, and especially designating such as now remain in custody at Fort Lafayette and Fort Hamilton aforesaid?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

(Same mutatis mutandis to Colonel Justi Dimick, Fort Warren, Boston; Major General John A. Dix, Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md. ; Major General John E. Wool, Fortress Monroe, Va. ; Colonel G. Loomis, Fort Columbus, N. Y. ; Brigadier General Andrew Porter, Old Capitol Prison, Washington; Colonel V. Bausenwein, Camp Chase, Ohio; provost-marshal, Cairo, III. ; Captain George E. Leighton, provost-mashal, Saint Louis, Mo.)

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 13, 1862.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS,&c.

MY LORD: Referring to my note of the 4th of December last relative to the alleged maltreatment of the captain of the schooner Louisa Agnes I now have the honor to inclose to you the copy of a communication of yesterday addressed to this Department by the Secretary of the Navy on that subject.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to renew to your lordship the assurance of mu high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

