
[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 12, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request of the 4th of December last the Department wrote for statements from the officers of the U. S. steamer Susquehanna respecting the treatment of the captain of the English schooner Louisa Agnes, seized for a violation of the blockade. The statements have just been received, and are herewith submitted with a letter from Flag Officer Du Point dated the 28th ultimo. Will you please return them when you shall have no further use for them?

I have the honor to be,

GIDEON WELLES.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

FLAG-SHIP WABASH,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., January 28, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy, Washington.

SIR: On the return to this port of the Susquehanna from blockading duty I called the attention of Captain Lardner to the subject of the treatment of the master and crew of the English schooner Louisa Agnes.

I have the honor to inclose communications from Cptain Lardner, Lieutenant (Commanding) Bankhead and Lieutenant Weaver.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. DU PONT,

Flag Officer, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

U. S. STEAMER SUSQUEHANNA,

Port Royal, January 24, 1862.

Flag Officer S. F. DU PONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Block. Squadron, Port Royal, S. C.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of a dispatch from the Navy Department of December 11 referring to the treatment of the master and crew of the English schooner Louisa Agues together with extract from Lord Lyons' letter to the Secretary of State and an extract from the affidavit of the master, to which my attention is called.

Captain Chaunecey who commanded this ship at the time was detached soon afterward. From the senior lieutenant, Bankhead, now in command of the Pembina, I inclose a statement of the treatment and condition of the men; also one from Lieutenant Weave, of this ship.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. LARDNER,

Captain.

[Sub-inclosure No. 3.]

U. S. STEAMER SUSQUEHANNA,

Port Royal, S. C., January 24, 1862.

Captain JAMES L. LARDNER,

Commanding U. S. Steamer Susquehanna, Port Royal, S. C.

SIR: In reply to your request of this day I have to state that the master of the schooner Louisa Agnes was received on board this ship on the 10th day of September, 1861. He (Robert Nicholson, master of

