
the schooner Louisa Agnes) was furnished with bedding and a hammock and took his meals in one of the messes of the crew of this ship where he was treated as a member of said mess. The said Nicholson would not have been received in any officers' mess as his personal condition was filthy and ragged in the extreme.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. WEAVER,

Lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

[Sub-inclosure No. 4.]

U. S. GUN-BOAT PEMBINA, Port Royal, January 25, 1862.

Captain JAMES L. LARDNER,

Commanding U. S. Steamer Susquehanna.

SIR: In answer to your request to furnish your with the particulars as to the treatment of the captain and two of the crew of the Louisa Agnes while on board of the Susquehanna, of which ship I was first lieutenant, I have to state that the said captain and men after having been transferred from the Cambridge were both messed and berthed. He, the said captain, was recognized by several of the crew as having served on board a U. S. vessel of was in the capacity of seaman at some previous time.

His personal appearance and want of cleanliness was such that I did not feel justified in berthing him in the steerage where I had been in the habit of putting men of his class while on board of the Susquehanna. A ration was issued for himself and the two men, and a place assigned on the forward orlop deck (under a sentry's charge) for their effects. He was treated as well crew of the ship and quite as well as I judged from his manners and appearance he had any reason to expect.

While the said captain and two men were on board of the Susquehanna none of them were put in irons or in any manner deprived of their personal liberty, but were treated with all the consideration which men in their situation were entitled to.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BANKHEAD,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 13, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: There are now about 170 prisoners at Fort Lafayette. I have to request that immediate orders may be given that no more be sent to that post. I have to request if the good of the service will permit that some designated portion of the above prisoners be sent to Fort Columbus or Fort Warren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Executive Order, No. 1, Relating to Political Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 14, 1862.

The breaking out of a formidable insurrection based o a conflict of political ideas being an event without precedent in the United States

