
Colonel Warner addressed to me was sent here by mistake, he being "a deserter from Captain Johnson's company. " He has accordingly been released and returned to Colonel Warner in charge of one of his officers sent here for him.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

J. P. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 15, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Permit me to introduce Mr. L. C. Baker, who has been employed by the State Department in the detective service and who so far as

known has discharged his duties in a manner highly acceptable. In consequence of Executive Order, No. 1, dated February 14, this Department has no further need of his service. He is commended to your favorable consideration as a capable and efficient officer.

I have the honor to be, si, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 15, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter* from H. Dunn, a special agent of the Government employed at Rouse's Point, in which he reports the seizure and detention of bonds of the insurrectionary States to the nominal value of $7,000 together with other property in transit for supposed disloyal purposes. Under the order (No. 1) of the War Department dated February 14 the disposition of matters of this nature is transferred to the War Department and the functions of Mr. Dunn as special agent of the State Department are terminated.

He has been instructed to deliver this letter in person, and I have the pleasure in this connection of commending him to the War Department as an efficient, competent and laborious officer, whose discharge of his duties so far as know has been eminently satisfactory to this Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Columbus, February 15, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of all the persons received and held in confinement at this post other than prisoners of war since March 4, 1861, agreeably to your request of the 13th instant received this morning. Theolitical prisoners nor prisoners of war now at this post. The last detachment (sixteen left behind sick) were sent to Fort Warren January 28 ultimo.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. LOOMIS,

Colonel Fifth Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*Not inclosed.

---------------

