
after a thorough examination thereof, recommending that as an important military necessity they be held in close confinement until the end of the war for the Union. If this fact were intimated to the honorable Secretary of State I have no doubt but that it would be entirely satisfactory to him without our troubling him with a prolix duplicate report for his own consideration. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 19, 1862.

S. W. MORTON, Esq., Alexandria, Va.

SIR: I have to inform you that this Department has no further need of an agent at Alexandria, Va. You will therefore please send your account for services to the date hereof addressed to George E. Baker, esq., agent of this Department.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 19, 1862.

HOLLIS WHITE, Esq., Suspension Bridge, N. Y.

SIR: I have to inform you that this Department has no further need of an agent at Suspension Bridge. You will therefore please send your account for services to the date hereof addressed to George E. Baker, esq., agent of this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HDQRS, CITY GUARD, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,Washington, D. C., February 19, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL: In accordance with the request of the Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State * * * I have the honor to submit to you the following report.

The request of the honorable Secretary of State inquires only in relation to prisoners "confined in the Old Capitol Prison. " In preparing the following report I have, however, given a list of all prisoners arrested by your command or sent to you for safe-keeping. The prisoners arrested by command of General Mansfield I have no record of except the few found in custody at the time you assumed the duties of provost-marshal. Those are embodied in this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1862.

The following report is respectfully forwarded to Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State.

A. PORTER,

Brigadier General, Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Potomac.

