
Cabinet and their policy; that his sympathies are with the South and as soon as he can get his property into money he is going South. As long as he lives under this Government he is too honorable a man to do anything against this Government, but as soon as he gets away he will came out boldly and help the South with all his powers, physically and financially. He does all he can to prevent recruiting. All these charges can be proved by Mr. Barret postmaster, and C. D. Ham, esq. His influence is very dangerous. There are numerous other things connected with him all tending the same way. I was very careful to get well acquainted with him and to know him well before saying anything against him on account of his standing. He is surrounded by a class of men principally from the South and strongly prejudiced against the Government and generally not well educated or intelligent. He would have to be heard to fully understand him or understand the idea I try to convey.

Mr. Thompson Anglen [of Mount Vernon], a native of Tennessee keeps a hotel; is a strong friend of the South but very cautious. He corresponds with a Mr. John Saterfield, former editor of the Mount Vernon Star, who is now in the rebel army. He has charge of the property of Colonel Bagwell, who is also in the Southern army at Bowling Green. I saw a letter from Colonel Bagwell giving a description of the fight at Green River under Colonel Terry, Texas rangers, where Colonel Terry was killed; also several letters from John Saterfield, whose paper was discontinued because of its secession proclivities. Mr. Anglen is also a merchant and magistrate and a man of considerable influence.

James M. Pace [of Mount Vernon], merchant and the principal of the express from Mount Vernon. He is a great politician and reported to be the proprietor of the underground mail route to the South. I was told so by members of the K. G. C. who have a good right to know, and I believe it is so, but of my own knowledge I cannot say. He is violent in his talk againt and has a good deal of influence with the people. A native of North Carolina I think, and

very wealthy.

Williams [of Spring Garden] is a dangerous man to the Government; a native of Tennessee; a merchant and keeps a hotel; is the leader of that country and of the K. G. C. ; violently opposed to the administration. I saw him on the 17th instant and heard him say in speaking of the battle at Forts Henry and Donelson and the killed that he wished it had been Lincoln and his cursed abolition administration; that the North could not whip the South for the South for the South had better men and were fighting for their homes and the G-d d-d abolitionists were fighting for the negro. He has a brother a surgeon in the rebel army, and says he hears from him whenever he wants to. He controls the people in that place and is a dangerous man every way.

Mr. Doyle, of Spring Garden, has been traveling to the South and back three times since the battle of Bull Run. He brought letters with him for several persons in and around Spring Garden. He is carrying the underground mail regularly I think.

Mr. Henry Williams, two miles from Spring Garden, brother of-Williams at Spring Garden, a leading member of the K. G. C. and a leading politician, a large land owner and has in charge a large lot of land of his brother who lives in Tennessee. He has just got home from a town in the South. He says they cannot be whipped. He is violently opposed to this Government. Says he can go South when he pleases and no thanks to the Federal authorities. Says he is opposed to the

