
war and he will oppose it in every way he can. He and his brother commenced to get up a company for the rebel army but failed. A dangerous man to the interests of the Government.

Mr. C. C. Carpenter and Mr. McIlvain [of McLeansborough, Hamilton County] are the agents of the route for passengers for Jeff. Davis' empire the regular events given to me by Mr. Palmore of Mount Vernon. I saw them and they gave me the necessary directions for the rest of the route. Carpenter is secretary of the K. G. C. ; he showed me the minutes of all their meetings in that place. Is a lawyer and has great influence in that place, which he is using to the utmost against the Government. McIlvain is also a lawyer and the most influential in that county and is doing all he can to obstruct the Government. They are both violent, noisy and dangerous.

Doctor Clemerson [of Marion, Williamson County, Ill.], prosecuting attorney and M. D., native of Georgia. The most wicked, malicious secessionist I ever met. He says if the postmaster at Marion and Mr. George Owens of Bainbridge and two others were killed that the K. G. C. would have Williamson County all their own way and he hopes to kill Owens and Land (the postmaster) and he will be satisfied. He says it is no harm to kill a Black Republican; says if U. S. Marshal Phillips ever comes there he will be killed. He is a desperately vicious character and has a great influence with the people by whom he is surrounded. They are nearly all from the Southern States, are very illiterate, and Clemerson's influence is very considerab does all he can in opposition to the Government. He also keeps a grocery and gambling house and that helps him to control the frequenters of is place. He has a sister in the South whom he says he corresponds with at pleasure. He makes no secret of his sentiments, and the friends of the Government are so afraid of him they dare not say a word or they are shot at with impunity by him and his colleagues in secession. He is associated with one notorious James D. Pully, who was arrested once but released. He is so mean and desperate that I cannot command language to describe him. He hurrahs for Jeff. Davis publicly and dares any one to say a word for the Union. He and Clemerson have made the postmaster leave the place on account of being a Union man. They have shot at him and stoned his house and threatened to kill him anyhow. He has relatives at the South and a brother in the rebel army. He has been at the South several times since the war commenced and there is nothing that deters him from his mischief. He is the right kind of man to influence such people. One cannot imagine such a set of God-forsaken creatures. They are a true type of the ignorant class of Southern people.

Associated with Clemerson and Pully is one Captain A. P. Corder, a native of Tennessee; a lawyer; has a son a captain in the rebel army, and also a great many relatives in the army of the South. He showed me several letters from his son and said he had sent him money and a pair of boots and when they were gone he should have more. He said he should send him all he wanted and if that was treason Lincoln could make the most of it; that he liked his son and if he himself was young enough he would be with him. His whole soul was with the South and his only regret was that he was not able to be with them. There are not on earth three more malicious, devilish enemies of this Government than Clemerson, Pully and Corder, and their arrest at this time would do a world of good.

All of this is respectfully submitted.

ALBERT J. DAVIS.

