HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Washington, D. C., February 23, 1862.

Brigadier General A. PORTER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with the order of the Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to you directed under date of February 21, 1862, I released fro confinement in the Old Capitol Prison on Saturday, the 22nd of February instant, the hereinafter-named prisoners on their severally subscribing to a parole of which the following is a copy, to wit:

--, 1862.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, County of Washington:

I,--, of--, hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

James A. Donnelly, E. B. Grayson, Richard Hurst, James W. Savage, Thomas P. Fowler, John E. Rea, O. F. Potter, Jackson Benmen, Lewis [L.] McArthur, Abraham Hornbeck, Thomas B. Hewitt, Clarence Mills,

J. Ignatius Ford, Hugh Adams, George W. Gunnell, A. B. Williams, Withers Smith, Samuel F. Anderson, Isaac Ballenger, Elisha C. Ostrander, Calvert Beach, Vance L. Trumble, William L. Lee, D. C. Lee, Dennis Farrel, William Joy, John Young, Lewis Young, Forrest Olden.

That James Connor and John McDaniel, two of the prisoners named in the order above referred to, refused to subscribe to said parole and are accordingly still retained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison.

I have also the honor to report that in compliance with the order of the Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to you directed under date of February 21, 1862, I released from confinement in the Old Capitol Prison on Saturday, the 22nd of February instant, the hereinafter-named prisoners on their severally subscribing to a parole of which the following is a copy, to wit:

--, 1862.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, County of Washington:

I,--, of --, hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States, and that I will not leave the District of Columbia without permission from the provost-marshal.

Jeremiah Moore, John Harrover, John Haislip, William Hick, Mahlon H. Janney, Henry Simpson, Richard H. Bayliss, Thomas Craggs, Alexander L. McKenzie, Thomas H. Haislip.

That the following prisoners named in the order above referred to refused to subscribe to said last-mentioned parole and accordingly still retained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison, to wit: Summerfield Ball, Bushrod W. Bayliss, Matthew Plaskett, James Haislip.

I have also the honor to report that in compliance with the order of the Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, to von directed under date of February 21, 1862, I released from confinement in the Old Capitol Prison on Saturday, the 22nd of February instant, George W. Hutchins upon his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States. That Henry C. Brown, the other prisoner named in said last mentioned order, refused to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and is accordingly still retained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

