
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 25, 1862.

Major-General DIX, Baltimore, Md.:

All newspaper editors and publishers have been forbidden to publish any intelligence received by telegraph or otherwise respectfully military operations by the U. S. forces. Please see this night that this orders is observed. If violated by any paper issued to-morrow seize the whole edition and give notice to this Department that arrests may be ordered. Order this to be delivered to-night.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to chief of police, New York, and all other cities of importance.)
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: The inclosed papers* indicate the intention of the Government to allow certain persons released from arrest to return to the South. One or two discharged from custody at Fort Warren under your late order have applied to me for the requisite papers. This is a new class of cases and I ask your direction in regard to them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Wheeling, Va., February 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Samuel Clark, of Harrison County, Va., was engaged in assisting the quartermaster of General Morris in getting forage and as a guide in Randolph County, and on the 31st day of July, 1861, was taken prisoners by the Confederate at Big Springs and taken to Huntersville, thence to Richmond and afterward as is reported to New Orleans. I doubt, however, his removal to the latter city, Mr. Clark was not regularly enrolled in any company. He is a heavy-built man, dark complexion, arching eyebrows, black whiskers and a true and valuable man.

I inclose you resolutions passed by the General Assembly of Virginia in regard to the persons therein named. I hope in the exchange of prisoners these men will be remembered. They are worthy non-combatants and ought to be reclaimed if possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

[Inclosure.]

Whereas Matthew P. Wyatt and Charles Levans, old, venerable and respected citizens of Kanawha County holding responsible positions therein, were on the 24th of October last while in the discharge of the legitimate civil duties imposed upon them by them officers and appointments they held under commissions and by the appointment of the governor of this Commonwealth violently and cruelly seized by a

---------------

*Not inclosures found.

---------------

