
which it relates shall be brought before the War Department immediately.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 72. Washington, February 26, 1862.

* * * * * * *

All deserters from the enemy, prisoners and other persons coming within our lines will be taken at once to the provost-marshal of the nearest division who will examine them in presence of the division commander or an officer of his staff designated for the purpose. This examination will only refer to such information as may affect the division and those near it, especially those remote from general headquarters.

As soon as this examination is completed-and it must be made as rapidly as possible-the person will be sent under proper guard to the provost-marshal-general with a statement of his replies to the questions asked. Upon receceiving him the provost-marshal-general will at once send him with his statement to the chief of staff of the Army of the Potomac who will cause the necessary examination to be made. The provost-marshal-general will have thecustody of all such persons. Division commanders will at once communicate to other division commanders all information thus obtained which affects them.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, No. 13a. Nashville, Tenn., February 26, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

Peaceable citizens are not to be molested in their persons or property. Any wrongs to either are to be promptly corrested and the ofenders brought to punishment. To this end all persons are desired to make complaint to the imediate commander of officers or soldiers so offending, and if justice be not promptly then to the next commander, and so on until the wrong is redressed. If the necessities of the public service should require the use of private property for public purpose fair compensation is to be allowed. No such appropriation of private property is to be made except by the authority of the highest commander present, and any other officer or soldier who shall presume to exercise such privilege shall be brought to trial. Soldiers are forbidden to enter the residence or grounds of citizens on any plea without authority.

No arrests are to made without the authority of the commanding general except in case of actual offense against the authority of the Government, and in all such cases the fact and circumstances will immediately be reported in writing to headquaters through the intermediate commanders.

The general reminds his officers that the most frequent depredations are these which are committed by worthless characters who straggle

