
from the ranks on the plea of being unable to march, and where the inability really exists it will be found in most instances that the soldier has overloaded himself with useless and unauthorized articles. The orders already published on this subject must enforced.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

Executive Order, No. 2, Relating to Political Prisoners.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 27, 1862.

IT IS ORDERED:

First . That a special commission of two persons, one of military rank and the other in civil life, be appointed to examine the cases of the state prisoners remaining in the military custody of the United States and to determine whether in view of the public safety and the existing rebellion they should be discharged or remaing in military custody or be remitted to the civil tribunals for trial.

Second. That Major General John A. Dix, commanding in Baltimore, and the Honorable Edwards Pierrepont, of New York, be and they or hereby appointed commissioners for the purposes above mentioned, and they are authorized to examine, hear and determine the cases aforesaid ex parte ad in a summary manner at such times and places as in their discretion they mayappoint and make full report to the War Department.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 27, 1862.

DAVID L. PHILLIPS, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal, Southern District of Illinois, Springfield.

SIR: You will please arrest James D. Pully, A. P. Corder and Doctor Clemerson of Marion, Williamson County, Ill. ; C. C. Carpenter, of McLeansborough, Hamilton County, and Dr. D. Green, of Mount Vernon, Jefferson County, and convey them to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor. You will search the persons and premises of each, and send all reasonable letters or papers found in their possession with your report thereon to this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a report of "all persons received and held in confinement at Saint Louis and Alton other than prisoners of war since the 4th of March, 1861, showing when and on whose order they were arrested, when and on whose order any of them were discharged and especially designating such as now remain in custody. "

