
ROUSE'S POINT, March 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I inclose a letter from "C. M.," but in truth from John C. Brune, a rebel member of the Maryland legislature, and since he has been in Montreal has shown himself as unscrupulous in his secessionism as any there. If it be a fact as he represent that the order for his arrest has been recalled I am confident misrepresentations have been made to the Department, for knowing as much as I do of him I am certain his entire sympathies are with the rebels.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. DUNN.

P. S. -I think Mr. Underwood has some evidence of his disloyalty.

[Inclosure.]

Numbers 9.] MONTREAL, March 2, 1862.

DEAR WILLIAM: Since my last of 20th ultimo we have a complete interruption of travel and mails in consequence of heavy and continued falls of snow, but I previously received yours of 17th (Numbers 13) and now those of 22nd and 24th (15 and 16), consequently Numbers 14 of 20th to which you refer has failed to reach me.

First, in reference to the sugar, I have nothing more to say than to repeat my 'startling cry"-the longer they are held the worse it will be for all concerned, and if others can sell 800 and 900 barrels per day why cannot we dispose of ours? I tell you once more that in my opinion fair refining will soon fall to 6 cents.

Next, as regards my return home, unless I can have some assurance that no only the order for my arrest is withdrawn but that I can go back without any parole and my future as free and open as I fell my past political career to have been innocent, and my poor wardrobe said to be held* at Rouse's Point restored to me, I am not disposed to sneak back somewhat in the position of a felon against whom, at any convenient time, an old or new offense may be trumped up by those holding and relieving in power and utterly unscrupulous in its exercise. At the same time you may readily imagine how happy I would be to see and be with you all-to take my share of the little labor (unfortunately) you have to perform. As to my advice or counsel, that I have given and will continue so to do from here, and so soon trust to learn that the sad and painful topic open between us has been obliterated at however great a sacrifice.

Not having anything to say on the subject to any of the family who I sincerely trust may all understand my position I must leave the matter to be arranged as best they may, taking only my share of pecuniary responsibility and meeting it as soon and fully as I can. Meanwhile let me hope that you may be able to obtain some new commission business, especially from our friends J. C. B. &amp; Co., but I would again beg to impress upon you that the refinery is our best and surest dependence and that if we can retain that agency we should only be too thankful till brighter and better days down. Our commissions from that source should meet my expenses, which will be smaller hereafter as I shall have settled by my next draft for $250 probably all my bills except a small one to the tailor and doctor. Apropos I am glad to say I think my boils have nearly run out. They have been very painful and annoying. In regard to my remaining household effects, silver, glass, books and plate, sell them as well as you can and whenever it may be necessary.

---------------

*See Dunn to Seward, October 17, Vol. I, this Series, p. 602, for allusion to Brune's detained trunk.

---------------

