
I don't suppose I shall ever keep house again if I ever do return to my dear native city.

Remember me to all kind friends and give much love to every member of the family. Tell E. B. H. that I have his of 19th, most welcome, and will answer it in a few days.

Ever yours, dear William,

C. M.

Numbers 10.] MARCH 3, [1862].

No mail went out yesterday, and on re-perusing the inclosed I find I have omitted to give my best thanks to George for his kind interference in my behalf. Let them withdraw the order if they please, and maybe he could obtain an order for the release of my trunk and then I could be guided and governed by events as well as my feelings.

Yours, ever,

C. M.

All (of course) confidential.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 6, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York:

Be on the lookout for Peter Herman, who is expected by every steamer, bearer of treasonable dispatches from Europe. He is about forty-seven of forty-eight years old and has a passport, Numbers 959, dated May 4, 1857, signed Lewis Cases, Secretary of State, and viseed by Samuel Ricker, late U. S. consul at Frankfort-on-the-Main. Arrest and send him to Fort Lafayette; secure his papers and send them to the State Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to John S. Keyes, U. S. marshal, Boston; C. P. Bradley, esq., chief of police, Chicaco; A. C. Sands, esq., U. S. marshal, Cincinnati; Hirma Dunn, esq., Rouse's Point, N. Y. ; chief of police, Detroit, Mich. ; Delos T. Bligh, esq, Louisville, Ky.)

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, March 7, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant and to inform you that your proceedings in the matter of the writ of habeas corpus are entirely approved.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, March 7, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: There has been a falsehood perpetrated on me with regard to a prisoner at Fort Lafayette yesterday, and I have requested Marshal Murray to have the matter investigated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

