
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 6th instant addressed to the Secretary of State and to inform you that your proceedings in the matter of the writ of habeas corpus are entirely approved.

I am, &amp;c.,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 8, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: You may release John A. Hibbs, John Wild, John Lemon, Thomas W. Hollis, George Seeley, John G. Goodin and John Ferris, prisoners confined in Fort Delaware, upon their giving their written parole of honor that they will render no aid comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, March 8, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I have been directed by the Secretary of War to report to yourself and Mr. Perirrepont for duty as clerk of the commission created by Executive Orders, Numbers 2, of the War Department in relation to political prisoners. Will you have the kindness to inform me when and where the commission will meet to organize and in what manner I can serve you? It seems to me that it is desirable to dispose of all these cases as soon as possible. There are now a large number of prisoners confined in the Old Capitol Prison in this city and their cases are familiar to Mr. E. J. Allen, a detective in the employ of the provost-marshal, who I am informed intends to leave the city in a short time. I would suggest therefore that those cases here had better be disposed of first.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. WEBSTER.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, March 9, 1862.

E. D. WEBSTER, Esq., Department of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: Major-General Dix has received your letter of yesterday and instructed me to say that he will communicate at once with judge Pierrepont, his associate, and inform you what arrangements the commissioners will make. The general would be glad to receive from the State Department as early as practicable a list of the prisoners at Forts Lafayette and Warren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. BOLLES,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

17 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

