
has undertaken to disarm a company of militia. This should not have been done without my order. I have never in this State ventured on so rigorous a measure without the approbation of the governor. In my letter to you of the 9th of October I said:

If you can get any legitimate authority, executive or military, in Delaware to direct the disbandment or disarming of companies in that State it should be done. In that case I think the arms had better be deposited at Fort Delaware.

I supposed you would understand that without such authority the measure should not be attempted unless upon specific directions from me. If any of the members of Mr. Bayard's company make demonstrations in favor of the Confederates they should be arrested and the facts reported to me. On the 27th ultimo I wrote you as follows:

If any persons within the limits of your command shouts for Jeff. Davis or Beauregard as charged in Mr. Fisher's letter, or displays any secession emblem arrest him at once and keep him in custody subject to my order. You will please report to me the circumstances in each case. I will not permit where I have the power any demonstration in favor of a political or military organization which is making war on the United States.

I wish this course to be pursued in regard to every man thus offending against the Government and people of the United States no matter what his private or official position may be. But in a State which has give a want of loyalty no step should be taken to break up any military organization but on full consideration and after consultation with the State authorities. Individual members of such organizations may for open acts of disloyalty be summarily dealt with as above directed.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General WADSWORTH,

Military Governor of the District of Columbia:

GENERAL: The attention of this Department has just been called to a gross violation of its orders by publishing information of military movements in the Sunday Chronicle, a newspaper published in this city, yesterday. You will immediately take military possession of the printing officer in which publication is made, arrest the printers and publishers of the paper, take possession of all the papers that can be found and destroy them and hold the parties in custody that they may be dealt with according to the Rules and Articles of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, March 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In reply to yours of the 15th* I have the honor to report that the following-named persons have taken their parole and left agreeably to your order of the 21st ultimo: J. R. Barber, R. S. Freeman, F. D. Flanders, J. R. Flanders, Jose Enligh, James Brown, Robert

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

