
Denison, W. F. McKenew, M. W. Barr, A. Da Costa, Parker H. French, George Van. Amringe, J. Hanson Thomas, P. F. Rasin and G. A. Shackleford.

The following persons have refused to take their parole, viz: William G. Harrison, W. H. Winder, William H. Gatchell, Henry M. Warfield and Charles Keene. Keene was received from Flag Officer Goldsborough, he having enlisted to get South. Failing to do this refused duty and stated that he would not fight under our flag. Since he has been duty and stated that he would not fight under our flag. Since he has been here he has been kept in close confinement; refuses to give his parole of honor not to aid or comfort the enemies in hostility to the Government. I consider him partially insane, and would respectfully recommend that he be unconditionally released and obliged to labor for his support. Evidently this would be the least desirable thing that could befall him.

Edward Baum, William St. George, R. S. Grissons, J. F. Newton, S. F. Newton, E. Sibern, E. C. Myatt, J. A. Douglass and Edward O'Neil, sailors taken from merchant vessels for running the blockade. They are willing to take their parole if they can get South. I have kept them until I could hear from General Dix relative to their getting to their families South. They are poor men and rather remain as prisoners than be released without any means of support or hope of getting to their families.

I have to report that I have released J. D. Sundendorf in order that he may be placed in the asylum in Boston. He has been crazy ever since he has been here, but of late quite troublesome.

Bethel Burton, ordered to be released on 21st ultimo, had already been released by the Secretary's order of the 19th ultimo.

I am, sir, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Wheeling, March 17, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: I have directed Major Darr, provost-marshal-general of this department, to proceed to Washington taking with him to the War Department, first, a list of citizen prisoners* by orders from these headquarters; second, its of prisoners of war at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; third, copies of the evidence against prisoners on which they were committed or are held; fourth, list of prisoners released on parole November 3, 1861; fifth, list of oaths administered since last return; sixth, report of the disposition of prisoners* heretofore released; seventh, list of prisoners sent to Washington to be exchanged for the Guyandotte prisoners, Ninth Virginia; eighth, a letter+ from Governor Peirpoint stating that many loyal citizens of the State have beend ragged off to Richmond, and suggesting the arrest of hostages.

The nature of the testimony and many details were such that the provost-marshal-general's explanations could alone make the matter fully understood. There are many prisoners of state held because they are dangerous to the peace and provokers of secession, sedition or treason. These are held without the least record of evidence of active crime. The evidence against the state prisoners ought to be returned

---------------

*See ante.

+Not found.

---------------

