
FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, April 1, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I send you inclosed an application made by the chaplain of this post for as I take it a general permit to visit the prisoners at Fort Lafayette and preach to them. I do not approve of this. I think, however, that it would be very well if I were permitted to send him over to the fort in cases of extreme sickness where the patient expressed a desire to that effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Third Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

The suggestions of Colonel Burke are approved and he is authorized to exercise his discretion on the subject.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[Inclosure.]

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., April 1, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army, Fort Hamilton.

COLONEL: Since the period of my appointment to the post chaplaincy at Fort Hamilton I have as a Christian clergyman indebted alike to Jew and Gentile, bond and free, greatly desired to have conceded to me the privilege of visiting the political prisoners now consigned to your care at Fort Lafayette or hereafter to be committed to that fort or to any of the strongholds of the harbor of New York within the sphere of our commanding officer's inspection. Will you, colonel, with your wonted kindness and scrupulously vigilant regard for the public good (provided that you are from my position and character satisfied of my loyalty and gratitude to a Government of the beneficence of which I afford even in my own humble person so impressive an example) forward and indorse my application to the proper Department for permission to me as aforesaid to visit as a Christian clergyman and Government chaplain the political prisoners referred to?

I have the honor to remain, colonel, with great respect, your obliged and faithful servant,

JOHN BURKE,

Chaplain, U. S. Army.

MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, April 1, [1862].

Captain ALBERT TRACY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to the commanding general-

First. A list of citizen prisoners in custody at Wheeling.

Second. A list of prisoners of war* in custody at Wheeling now ordered to Camp Chase, Ohio.

Third. A list of prisoners of war* in custody at Camp Chase, Ohio.

Fourth. A list of citizen prisoners in custody at Camp Chase, Ohio.

Fifth. A list of hostages+ released on parole.

All prisoners taken in arms against the Government of the United States are held as prisoners of war subject to exchange or other dispo-

---------------

*Omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

