
sition by order of the commanding general. The release of citizen prisoners has been heretofore granted on their furnishing a petition from their loyal Union neighbors indorsed by the members of legislature and senate from their district on taking the oath of allegiance, and finally by giving bond in a certain sum as some security for their future loyalty.

By order of Brigadier-General Rosecrans I lately reported these maters to the honorable Secretary of War at Washington. I was informed by General Thomas, Adjutant-General, that no further proposition to exchange prisoners with the rebels would be made at present, as the Confederate authorities has so often broken faith with us.

The practice of the rebels in arresting and imprisoning citizens loyal to the United States and non-combatants in Eastern Virginia has been much condemned, and a proposition made to the Secretary of War for his sanction to arrest and hold as hostages for these persons such residents here as are known to entertain no sentiments of loyalty to the United States and to be connected by family ties or other close relationship with the leaders and abettors of the rebellion, anticipating by this proceeding to mitigate if not suppress the evil complained of.

* *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major First [West] Virginia Cavalry and Provost-Marshal.

OFFICE OF COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &amp;c.

SIR: You may release Mr. J. B. Dangerfield and Mr. William H. McKnight upon their giving their written parole of honor that they will render no aid comfort to enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 2, 1862.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, County of Washington:

I, John B. Dangerfield, of Alexandria, Va., hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

JOHN B. DANGERFIELD.

HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, Baltimore, April 3, 1862.

Honorable GILLET, F. WATSON, Senator of Virginia.

SIR: I have received yours of the 30th ultimo. I have been very much pained to observe that the Union felling which was manifested in Accomack in November last has not been fully sustained. I attribute it to the want of courage and firmness in a few leading men. I think the course of Judge Pitts has done more to demoralize Accomack and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

