
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 8, 1862.

Honorable T. O. HOWE, U. S. Senate, Washington.

SIR: In reply to your inquiry of the 4th instant I have respectfully to inform you that John C. Greigg not being in the military service could not be exchanged in regular course for a prisoner taken in arms against the United States. The subject of exchanges has engaged the earnest attention of the War Department, but there does not at present seem to be a corresponding willingness on the part of the rebels to make exchanges.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 9, 1862.

JOHN A. KASSON, First Assistant Postmaster-General.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday inclosing for his consideration and such suggestions as he might think proper a copy of an order which the Postmaster-General proposes to make restoring mail facilities to newspapers which have heretofore been excluded therefrom as a measure of public safety. In reply the Secretary of War respectfully requests the Postmaster-General to postpone the order believing it would be premature, pernicious in its tendency and prejudicial to the public safety if made at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 9, 1862.

Major General J. C. FREMONT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Mountain Department, Wheeling, Va.

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inclose to you Major-General Halleck's General Order, Numbers 9,* publishing the proceedings of a military commission for the trial of offenses which cannon properly be brought before a court-martial. The Secretary approves this form of procedure in like cases, especially in regard to guerrillas of which there are several instances in the order.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL DIX'S HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, April 12, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I returned to-day to look after things here. I have arranged with Judge Pierrepont to go back on Monday morning and complete the examination of state prisoners at New York. I was at Fort Lafayette yesterday. There are over 100 prisoners, mostly prisoners of war and

---------------

*See Vol. I, this series, p. 464, for Halleck's General Order, Numbers 9.

---------------

