
is a matter which must generally rest in the disrection of the district attorney, for it is quite impossible for this office to make preliminary examinations in cases generally or to judge correctly of the circumstances which may make it prudent to advance or retard trials in the various localities. Leaving the conduct of prosecutions mainly to the good judgment of the district attorneys I expect to give instructions only when asked and when there seems to me to be particular reasons for taking that course.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT,Wheeling, Va., April 19, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I continuation of the subject of my letter of April 13 to the Adjutant-General I send you the inclosed* documents taken from guerrillas in a fight at Nicola's Mill on the 31st of March. It is under these commissions that guerrillas are organizing. Combined expeditions from the troops of railroad and Kanawha district were directed upon them yesterday. A similar expedition is ordered from the troops under Schenck and Milroy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 26, 1861.

FOURTH AUDITOR OF THE TREASURY.

SIR: The amount found to be due resigned navy officers from the States which claim to have seceded will hereafter be paid them from the U. S. funds heretofore sent to or deposited in those States except in cases where the Department shall otherwise direct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 28, 1862.

Major-General WOOL, Fortress Monroe:

In answer to a telegram* from Harper &amp; Brothers this Department informed them that their sheet was understood to have been seized at Fortress Monroe for publishing intelligence that would give aid and comfort to the enemy and against the Articles of War; and that if such was the character of the paper the puboishers would be arrested and tried by a military commission. This Department will support you in whatever measures you may deem essential to the public safety.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretay of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

