
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 1, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Judge EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Special Commissioners, &amp;c., New York:

The Secretary of War directs when you make an order for the discharge of a prisoner that you accompany it with an order for delivering up to him his effects if he has any directed to the officer in whose custody they may be.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, May 12, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: Some circumstances have come to my knowledge concerning Major Ludlow's transactions with political prisoners at Fort Lafayette and in such a way that I cannot possibly overlook them. It is necessary in order that I may do justice to myself and the public for me to know other facts which I can only obtain through you. I allude particularly to a letter addressed to you by him denying that he had ever received any money from political prisoners. Will you be so kind as to furnish me with a copy of that letter? You will also oblige me by informing me what was the nature of the authority he received from you to visit the prisoners at Fort Lafayette. You will I know appreciate the delicate relation in which a knowledge of the circumstances referred to places me to Major Ludlow as he has a confidential position on my staff and that you will give me all the information I require to enable me to act advisedly in the matter.

I am, dear sir, sincerely, yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

Resolution adopted by the U. S. Senate, May 14, 1862.

Resolved, That the President of the United States be requested to communicate to the Senate if in his opinion not incompatible with the public interests any information in his possession touching the arrest of persons in Kentucky since the 1st of September, 1861, and their imprisonment beyond the limits of that State.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,

New York, May 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWINretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Within the past few weeks several prisoners captured by U. S. cruisers on board vessels attempting to break the blockade have been delivered into my custody and consigned by me to the care of Colonel Burke, commandant Fort Lafayette, which proceeding on my part you have been pleased in each instance to indorse with your approval.

I learn that among these prisoners there are many foreigners who owe no allegiance to this country, have no interest in remaining here when at liberty, and have in many cases been deceived as to the true destination of the vessel on which they were captured. Their consuls having made frequent application at this office for their discharge, and

