
considering that they are only an expense to the Government and would in most instances immediately leave the country never to return I respectfully ask your authority to examine and release all prisoners of the class above described who are not subjects of the United States willing to give their prole of honor to hold no communication with the insurrectionary States and to commit no act hostile to the Government of the United States.

Soliciting the favor of your early reply, I have the honor to remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

ROBT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, May 20, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Under existing circumstances no objection is entertained to allowing the British consul at New York to visit any of his countrymen at Fort Lafayette who may have been captured in vessels attemting to break the blockade. I will consequently thank you to give directions to that effect.

I am, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, May 21, 1862.

To the SENATE:

In answert to the resolution of the Senate of the 14th instant requesting information in regard to arrests in the State of Kentucky I transmit a report from the Secretary of War to whom the resultion was referred.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1862.

The PRESIDENT:

The Secretary of War to whom has been referred the Senate's resolution of the 14th instant requesting the President to "communicate to the Senate if in his opinion not incompatible with the public interests any information in his possession touching the arrest of persons in Kentucky since the 1st of September, 1861, and their imprisonment beyond the limits of that State," has the honor to report that it is not deemed compatible with the public interests at this juncture to furnish the information desired.

Respectfully submitted.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 21, 1862.

Colonel J. DIMICK,

First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: The Secretary of war directs that you transfer thirty-six of the political prisoners under your charge, selecting them as far as possible from the Maryland prisoners, to Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

