
annoyance as this (properly so termed by you) "wretched affair of Millner. " When my attention was first called to it I was disposed to treat it lightly for I did not then know that I was charged with seeming corruption or breach of trust. I have emphatically denied both and you do me but simple justice in resting upon your early confidence. I have never before during my whole life been charged with or even suspected to either corruption or breach of trust, pubic or private. When you are less pressed by responsible cares and when there is time without intrusion upon public duties to take up cases of individuals and when I am enabled to follow up the necessary investigation I desire to go over this whole matter with you. I think that you will then admit I havenot ated wrongly. Until such time I beg that you will rest upon your old confidence and predilections.

I am, very truly, yours,

WM. H. LUDLOW.

Memoranda of Various Political Arrests-From Record Book, U. S. Department of State, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

This person [Ferdinand Alfons Okelenski] was arrested by order of John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police at New York, June 21, 1861. He was charged with attempting to enter the rebel army. His letter dated April 4, 1861, addressed to the commander of Pensacola Navy-Yard, says:

I have been civil engineer of the city of Montgomery, Ala. My heart was always beating strongly for Southern rights and southern constitution, and now since the Southern Confederacy is established I most respectfully would solicit some sort of employment in the Southern military engineering department.

An order was issued from the Department of State dated June 29, 1861, directing John A. Kennedy to release Okelemski. He was released July 1, 1861.

Thomas C. Fitzpatrick was arrested in Baltimore in July, 1861, and transferred to Fort Lafayette August 1, 1861. He was charged with having been concerned in the seizure of the steamer Saint Nicholas, which was delivered into the hands of the insurgents. Representations having been made to the Secretary of State that Fitzpatrick was a british subject and was not implicated as a party to the seizure of the Saint Nicholas an order was made for his release on the request of the Secretary of State by Lieutenant-General Scott. Fitzpatrick was accordingly released from Fort Lafayette August 19, 1861. About the 15th of January, 1862, Thomas C. Fitzpatrick was again arrested by order of Major-General Dix and committed to Fort McHenry from whence he was transferred by order of the Secretary of State dated January 25, 1862, to Fort Lafayette. This last arrest was made upon the charge that he with others were conspiring to go to the insurgent States, in regard to which General Dix informs the Secretary of State by letters dated January 24, 1862, that "we have satisfactory evidence that he has been engaged in recruiting for the insurgent army and that he was the leader of the party arrested. " The said Thomas C. Fitzpatrick remained in custoy at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

