
William Leland Boggs, of North Carolina, arrived in New York from Bremen on or about the 27th of July, 1861. On the passage he had stated that he was a berear of dispatches for the Confederate States. And on the arrival of the steamer and reception on board of the intelligence of the rebel success in the battle of 21st of July, 1861, he was excessively violent in the expression of his gratification. He was arrested by the superintendent of police of New York, but on searching his baggage and papers nothing of importance being discovered he was discharged July 25, 1861.

The Department of State has no information of the time, place, or cause of this person's [Samuel H. Lyon] arrest. He was received at Fort Lafayette July 31, 1861, having been transferred with other prisoners from Fort McHenry, and has since been sent to Fort Warren. In a letter dated February 5, 1862, he states that about the 6th of January an order arrived at Fort warren directing that six persons-Drane, Dawson, Orrison, Cusick, Murphy and Shepherd-be sent to General Banks' headquarters to be exchanged as prisoners of war; that there was no person named Shepehrd among the prisoners, and the remaining five were sent; that two of these persons, James Murphy and John H. Cusick, were taken at the same time and under precisely the same circumstances as himself. No record is found in the Department of any order for any one to report to General Banks for exchange. In the list of prisoners at Fort Warren Lyon is stated to be from Baltimore. The said Lyon remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Sent to Fort Monroe, Va., November 26, 1862. Exchanged for Captain Schley by order of the Secretary of War.)

A. Dawson was captured in August, 1861, by a portion of General Banks' command. He was a member of a Virginia rebel cavalry company and as a prisoner of war was probably exchanged. (Turned over to General Banks at Fredericksburg for exchange January 6, 1862.)

Robert Drane was captured in August, 1861, by a portion of General Banks' division. He belonged to a Virginia rebel cavalry company, and being a prisoner of war was probably exchanged. (Turned over to General Banks at Fredericksburg for exchange January 6, 1862.)

James Connor was arrested by order of General Mansfield in the month of August, 1861, and commitd to the Thirteenth Street Prison and from thence transferred to the Old Capitol Prison. There are no papers of file at the Department of State showing on what charge he was arrested. The said James Connor remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Refused parole February 22, 1862. Released March 26, 1862.)

Eben Lane, one of the prize crew placed by the privateer Jeff. Davis on board the schooner Encharantress which was ed by U. S. steamer Albatross and brought by that steamer into the port of Philadelphia, was arrested and taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Milward, of Pennsylvania, August 2, 1861. He was brought into court of trial on the 30th day of October, 1861, and was acquitted.

