
Thomas Quigley was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Milward at Philadelphia August 2, 1861, and transferred to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State dated January 31, 1862. He was one of the prize crew placed by the privatter Jeff. Davis on the schooner Enchantress, afterward captured by the U. S. steamer Albatross and brought into the port of Philadelphia. He was brought into court for trial on the 30th day of October, 1861, and convincted. Said Quigley remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Richard Lewis was one of the crew of the privateer Petrel which was captured by the U. S. Frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into Philadelphia, Pa., by the U. S. steamer Glag, and was taken into custody by Marshal Millward August 8, 1861, and afterward committed to Fort Lafayette. The said Richard Lewis remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

This person [Frank Albor] was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Millward, of Philadelphia, August 8, 1861. He was one of the crew of the rebel privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia by the U. S. steamer Flag. Said Frank Albor died in prison at Philadelphia, November 9, 1861.

This man [Austin C. Williams] was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Millward at Philadelphia August 8, 1861, and transferred to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State dated January 31, 1862. He was one of the crew of the rebel privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought to Philadelphia by U. S. steamer Flag. Said Williams remained in custody at Fort Lafayette Fe when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the proceeding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Hugh Monagrow was one of the crew of the privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia by the staemer Flag on the 8th of August, 1861. Monagrow in company with the balance of the crew was transferred to Fort Lafayette February 5, 1862, where he remained February 15, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

This man [Robert Barret] was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Millward, of Philadelphia, August 8, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the rebel privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia by U. S. steamer Flag. Said Barrett remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

