
This man [Thomas A. Brookbanks] was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Millward at Philadelphia August 8, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State dated January 31, 1862. He was one of the crew of the rebel privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia by the U. S. steamer Flag. Said Brookbanks remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

John W. Dearing was one of the crew of the privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia August 8, 1861. Dearing in company with the balance of the crew was taken to Fort Lafayette February 5, 1862, where he remained February 15, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

A. C. Delahay was one of the crew of the privateer Petree U. S. frigate Saint Lawrence and brought into the port of Philadelphia by the U. S. steamer Flag on August 8, 1861. Delahay in company with the balance of the crew was transferred to Fort Lafayette February 5, 1862, where he remained February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the chargeof that Department.

William Bryan was taken into custody by U. S. Marshal Millward at Philadelphia August 8, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State dated January 31, 1862. He was one of the crew of the rebel privateer Petrel captured by the U. S. firgate Saint Lawrence and brought to the port of Philadelphia by the U. S. steamer Flag. Said Bryan was still in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

James A. Donelly was arrested August 22, 1861, and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prison by order of the Secretary of State. He was charged with disloyalty to the Government and having returned from Richmond within a week before his arrest where he had gone for the purpose of assisting the present rebellion. Donnelly was afterward transferred to the Old Capitol Prison where he remained February 15, 1862, when in accordance with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to that Department. (Released February 22, 1862.)

This person [Joseph T. Ellicott] was arrested by order of General Porter, provost-marshal of Washington, and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prison August 23, 1861. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing why on on what charges he was Secretary of State ordered his discharge on taking the oath of allegiance and stipulating not to enter or correspond with the insurrectionary States. He was accordingly released October 10, 1861.

