
Mrs. F. E. Hassler was arrested by order of the Assistant Secretary of War and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prison August 23, 1861, and from thence transferred to Mrs. Greenhow's. She was charged with holding a contraband correpondence with he insurrectionary States. Mrs. Hassler was released by order of the Secretary of war on oath of allegiance and parole October 30, 1861.

On the 24th of August, 1861, A. Q. Keasbey, esq., U. S. district attorney for New Jersey, wrote to the Department of State that he had caused the arrest of a man lately from Columbia, S. C., and about to return soon, on an affidavit of a soldier of Second Fire Zouaves of New York; that the offered him a pass to the Southern army and a captain's commission if he would go and join it, and stated that he had already passed several and was going to send more. August 27 the said discrict attorney (Keasbey) wrote again stating the name of the person arrested to be Phineas F. Frazee, and sending a copy of the affidvait of the soldier on which the arrest was made, which stated that said Frazee came deponent and endeavored to influence him to go South and join the Southern army; that he told the deponent that he had passed men both ways to and from the South, and that if deponent would go he would give him a pass he could go with, and that when he arrived there he would have a captain's commission, and he said he had passed others South and intended to pass more. The said district attorney stated in his letter that Joseph Gabriel, the soldier who made said affidavit, had gone to Washington and there was noe other testimony, and he intimated that no great reliance could be placed upon said affidavit of said Gabriel. The Acting Secretary of State therefore on the 31st day of August, 1861, wrote to the said district attorney advising the discharge of the said Frazee.

This person [Samuel H. Eakins] was arrested in Philadelphia August 24, 1861, and by order of the Secretary of State committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty, and having lately returned from Richmond was suspected of being a spy. While in Richmond he was employed by one Sloat who was in the rebel service. By order of the Secretary of State the said Samuel H. Eakins was released from custody November 6, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance.

Francis M. Fisk is a native of Rhode Island but a resident of New Orleans. at the instance of Governor Sprague at Providence, R. I., charged with the intention of taking his son Frank South to join the rebel army, and committed to Fort Lafayette August 26, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State dated August 24, 1861. The charge against Mr. Fisk is supported by the affidavit of James E. Stevens that he boarded with Francis Fisk, son of Francis M. Fis, in the family of Mrs. Mary Chamberlain; that Francis M. Fisk came to the house of the said Mrs. Mary Chamberlain and told her "I am going to take my son Frank South to pu [him] in the army. " An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 30, 1861, for the release of Fisk on his taking the oath of allegiance and giving his parole of honor to do no hostile act, &amp;c. He was accordingly released October 2, 1861.

The returns from Fort Lafayette set forth that Hilary B. Cenas, of the U. S. Navy, was committed to custody in that fort by order of the Secretary of the Navy on the 28th day of August, 1861; that he was

