
have seized for those purpose would be to attempt to convert the unlawful seizure into a sale and would subject the party so offending to the pains and penalties of treason, and the Government would not hesitate to bring the offender to punishment.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, May 17, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: On the arrival of the family of Mr. Faulkner and of Dr. Gustavus Holland, of Texas, I immediately telegraphed you and requested to be informed whether it was the desire of the Government to detain either of them (supposing at the moment that Mr. Faulkner was himself in company). Not receiving a reply I deemed it proper to act on the rumors rife and made an examination of the papers of Dr. Holland on the morning of Wednesday. Nothing, however, was found on him that was calculated to sustain the unfavorable report of his being a bearer of dispatches from Messers. Mann, Yancey and company to the Confederate States of America. But I found on him copies of four letters (evidently made in the counting room of the writer) of the dates of March 23 and 27 and April 27 and April 27 and 27, addressed to "Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederate States of America," on the subject of loaning money be capitalists in Europe to the Confederate States of America, and refusing to do so until a full recognition of the repudiated debt of Mississippi should be made. I am having copies of these letters made and will forward them to you to-morrow.

Meanwhile a little incident has occurred that induced me to bring the doctor before me this evening when he informed me that an entire change has taken place in his views of the policy the South should pursuie in the few days he has been here, and desire me to inform you that he is anxious to exert himself in restoring his Southern friends to reason; that he can convince them that they need expect no help from Europe; that he induced Mr. Gregory to make the motion in Parliament for the recognition of the Southern Confederacy under wrong information, &amp;c. He expresses himself willing to call on you in Washington, where he can inform you further both in relation to things in Europe and at the South if you desire it. He was about to leave the city for Texas in a day or so, but will not await your pleasure. It would probably be best to notify me of your wishes in the matter, when I could communicate them to him. If you desire to address him direct you can do so sending to Saint Nicholas Hotel.

Very truly, yours, &c.,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, May 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: As I advised you in my note of yesterday I herewith inclose copies of four several letters of the dates respectively of March 23 and 27 and April 27 and 27 from Edward Haslenwood, of 7 Lothbury, East Chelsea, London, to Jefferson Davis, President of the Southern Con-

