
his secret allies and accomplices scattered through many other States which are still loyal and true; a war all the more dangerous and more needing jealous vigilance and prompt action because it is an internecine and not an international war.

This, sir, is my opinion, the result of my best reflections upon the questions propounded by you. Such as it is it is submitted with all possible respect by your obedient servant,

EDWARD BATES,

Attorney-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 13, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington.

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a note* of the 11th instant addressed to this Department by Chauncy Smith from Morrisania, Westchester County, N. Y., alleging that correspondence between that place and Richmond, Va., is carried on through British consuls. As such an officer has no right to claim a privilege in behalf of couriers in his employment I would suggest that no such courier be allowed to pass the lines of the U. S. forces when coming from the South. The existing regulations will it is presumed be sufficient to check any such abuse from couriers who may be proceeding in the opposite direction.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 44. Washington, July 13, 1861.

I. In compliance with a resolution of the House of Representatives the Secretary of War directs that officers report to this office the names and residences of all prisoners that may be hereafter taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States. In like manner officers will report the names and residencies of all prisoners who have been taken and released upon their oath of allegiance to the United States previous to this date.

* * * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 15, 1861.

Major-General BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to say that Major-General McClellan by several recent victories has taken a large number of prisoners. He has been instructed to release the privates who will take an oath and the officers who will give a parole not to serve against the United States unless regularly released from their obligation. The officers, however, who are known or supposed to have recently resigned from the Army or Navy of the United States with the intention of entering the ranks of the rebels are to be sent prisoners to Fort McHenry.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

