
Patrick Crohan was arrested September 13, 1861, by order of Lieutenant - General Scott and taken to Fort Columbus. He was captured in company with some twenty others on suspicion of being on his way to join the rebel army. Beign a British subject he was released by order of the Secretary of State September 24, 1861.

Information having been received at the Department of State that John R. Gwynn was in custody at Fort McHenry the Secretary wrote General Dix September 13, 1861, asking a report in said Gwynn's case as to the expediency of releasing him. General Dix replies September 16, 1861, that said John R. Gwynn was " released about a fortnight since. "

The first information received by the Department of State converning this man [Leonard Sturtevant] was contained in a telegram from U. S. Marshal J. S. Keyes, of Massachusetts, and directed to the Secretary of State under date of boston, September 14, 1861, as follows:

Leonard Sturtevant, of New Orleans, rich, influentia, energetic, thoroughtly secessionist, is here about to return with his family. He brought on large sums; has been in Philadelphia, New York and Maine since on business. The district attorney joins in asking what action shall be taken.

He was arrested by Marshal Keyes and committed to Fort Lafayette September 19, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State. An order was issued from the Department of State dated Septemebr 25, 1861, directing Colonel Martin Burke, commanding af Fort Lafayette, to release Sturtevant on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and giving his parole not to return to Louisiana or any other States now in rebelliion against the authority of the United States Government wiithout leave of the Secretary of State. He was accordingly released September 27, 1861.

This person [Moses Stannard] was arrested by U. S. Marshal

[David H.] Carr at Maddison, Conn., September 16, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State and committed to Fort Lafayette. September 12, 1861, U. S. Marshal Carr, in a letter to the Secretary of State asking authority to arrest Stannad, stated that he(Stannard) is a man who can and his doing great mischief; that he raised a secession flag on his premises. Stannard is also charged with having stated to one Wilcox that he hoped to God the secessionists would capture Washington and burn all the public property and shoot the President and all his Cabinet, and that he would go and help them do it if he could effect it by so doing. Application having been made for his release an order was issued from the Department of State dated October 12, 1861, directing Lieutenant - Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Stannard on his taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Government and stipulating not to enter into or correspond with any of the isurrectionary States. The said Moses Stannard was accordingly released October 14, 1861.

George A. Hubbell was arrested September 20, 1861, by U. S. Marshal David H. Carr, of New Haven, Conn., by order of the Secretary of War and committed to Fort Lafayette. Hubbell was charged with being a noisy secessionist and doing great mischief by his treasonable talk. He was news agent on the Naugatuck Railroad and persisted in selling the New Daily News contrary to orders. He was released September 26, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance, by order of the Secretary of State.

