
The first information received at the Department of State concerning this man [John S. Travis] was contianed in a letter from L. C. Baker, Government agent, and dated Octoebr 10, 1861, in which he says:

On the 5th instant we arested one John S. Travis, a resident of Greant Mills Post - Office, and brought him a prisoner to this

(Washington). Travis is charged with carrying the contraband mails to and from General Dix at Fort McHenry stating that the provost - marshal of Baltimore would furnish me with an abundance of proof against Travis.

No order has been issued or action taken by the Department of State in regard to the case of Travis, he having been released after remaining in Washington a few days on his parole.

Robert Renwick, of Baltimore, was arrested by order of General Dix October 6, 1861, and committed to Fort Columbus, New York Harbor, and from thence transferred to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. There are no papers on file at the Department of State showing on what charge he was arrested. November 11, 1861, from information received from a prisoner discharged from Fort Warren the stables on Renwick's premises were searched and concealed arms found. At the request of the Secretary of War, February 6, 1862, an order was issued from the Department of State dated February 6, 1862, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Renwick on a parole of thirty days. He was accordingly paroled.

Miss Ellie M. Poole was arrested October 7, 1861, in Wheeling by order of the Secretary of State but escaped from custody. She was again arrested November 7 in Louisville, Ky., and after being sent to Washington was committed to the Greenhow Prison. There was abundant evidence showing that Miss Poole was a shrewd and dangerous spy, having made several trips to Richmond since the breaking out to the rebellion. She was released by order by order of the Secretary of State January 16, 1862, on giving her parole of honor to keep herself from all connection with the existing troubles and not to communicate any information which would be of assistance to the so - called Confederate States or in any way to assist in any way to assist in any resistance to the authority or forces of the United States. Miss Poole after giiving her parole was taken to Fortrees Monroe and permitted to pass thence to the city of Norkfolk, Va.

Alfred Da Costa, late of New Orleans, La., was arrested by an agent of Government in Detroit, Mich., October 7, 1861, and conveued to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Waren. The charges against Da Costa were as follows, as contained in a telegram to the Secretary of State received from William H. Barse, a Government agent, viz:

U. S. attorne and myself are perfectly satisfied from Da Costa'a manner, conversation and circumstances connected with his account of himself that he is a rank secessionist and spy and was intending to sail from Quebec.

Seth C. Hawley, esq., of New York, having been requested to examine and report the facts connected with the arrest of and charges against Da Costa, reported to the Secretary of State under date of December 16, 1861, from which the following extract is made:

But he (Da Costa) to me declined to take the oath required, from which it is fairly to be inferrEd that he is not loyal in his opinions or designs and therefor I cannot recommend his release.

