
February 5, 1862, an order was issued from the Department of State for the release of the said A. Da Costa on his taking the oath of alegiance, &amp;c., which he doclined to do. The said Alfred Da Costa remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in accordance with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (February 21, 1862, ordered released. February 22, 1862, released.)

William F. Capehart, John Murphy, Perry While, Isaac swindle, Cartwright Thompson, James B. Hoggard, Stephen Bennett, Charles Williams and Thomas Kelley. - Information having been received at the department of State that there were at Fort Lafayette certain sailors leld as prisoners an order was issued from the Department of State dated October 8, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause to be discharged from custody all sailros not privateers on taking the oath of allegiance. The above - named Capehart, Murphy, White, Swindle, Thompson, Hoggan, Bennett, Williams and Kelley were accordingly discharged from Fort Lafayette October 9, 1861.

Information having been received at the Department of State that there were at Fort Lafayette certain sailors confined as prisoners, among them one George Parker, an order was issued by the Department of State dated October 8, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause to be discharged all sailors not privateers on taking the oath of allegiance. The said Parked being a foreigner was released from Fort Lafayette October 9, 1861, inconditionally.

Information having been received at the Department of State that there were at Fort Lafayette certain sailors confined as prisoners, among them one John Johnson, an order was issued by the Department of State instructing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause all sailors not privateers to be released on taking the oath of allegiance. The said Johnson being a foreigner was released from Fort Lafayette October 9,, 1861, unconditionally.

Information having been received at the Department of State that there were at Fort Lafayette certain sailors held as prisoners, among them one Edward Heinrichs, an order was issued from the Depatrment October 8, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause all sailors not privateers to be discharged from custody on taking the oath of allegiance. The said Heinrichs being a foreigner was released from Fort Lafayette October 9, 1861, unconditionally.

Information having been received at the State Department that there were at Fort Lafayette a number of sailors held as prisoners, among them one Erick Brundeen, an order was issued from the department October 8, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause all sailors not privateers to be discharged on taking the oath of allegiance. The said Brundeen being a foreigner was released from Fort Lafayette October 9, 1861, unconditionally.

Information having been received at the State Department that a number of sailorsrt Lafayette as prisoners, among them one William Brown, an order was issued by the Deparment dated October 8, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray to cause to be released

