
from thence transferred successively to Fort Lafayette and Fort Warren. He was charged with carrying on an illicit correspondence with the rebel States and with having intended to go into their service. An order was issued from the Department of State November 25, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding af Fort Waren, to release Carter on his taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Government and engaged neither to enter or correspond with the insurrectionary States. The said A. R. Carter was accordingly released November 28, 1861.

Mrs. Medora A. Onderdonk was arrested by order of the Secretary of the treasury at Chicago and transferred by order of the Secretary of State October 11, 1861, to the charge of General Porter, provost - marshal, Washington, D. C. She was charged with being a spy in the employ of the rebels. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 13, 1861, directing General Porter to release Mrs. Onderdonk on her taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that she will neither enter any of the States in insurection nor hold any correspondence with any person residing therein. Also that she will do no act hostile or injurious to the United States. She was accordingly released November 14, 1861.

The only information received at the Department of State in regard to this person [R. Williams] is contained in a lette from Major -General Wool to the Secretary of State dated at Fortrees Monroe October 12, 1861, in which General Wool states that Williams was then a prisoner confined in that fort. There has been no evidence received at the Department of State showing what were the charges upon which the prisoner was arrested nor has any action ever been taken by the Secretary of State in the case.

This person [John L. Troxell] was arrested by the military authorities in Washington October 12, 1861, and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prison. He was charged with attempting to procure passage to Aquia Creek, Va., for twenty - five men, offering $ 5 an head. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 30, 1861, directing General Porter to release Troxell on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection nor hold correspondence with person residing in those States nor do any act hostile to the United States. He was accordingly released October 31, 1861.

James W. Offutt was arrested October 15, 1861, at Georgetown, D. C., by order of Captain Ammon, provost - marshal of Rockville, Md., in obedience to the order of Major - General Banks. The charges against Offutt were that he had been for some months in the Confederate Army; that he was concealed furing the day at a Mrs. Claggett's in Rockville about the 20th of Septembre, and at night was in the habit of visiting Georgetown carrying letters and papers with him, and that he had frequent meetings in the night with known and violent secessionists in Rockville, and that he was engaged in treasonable practices. Application having been made for the release of Offutt on the representaion that his health was fast giving way mentally and physically, and that in the opinion of Doctor Steward he would unless released become violently

