
After the arrival of these prisoners the general desires you to send them together with Marshal Kane and the police commissioners,* who are in arrest, and such political prisoners as may not be under indictment by the civil authority to Fort Lafayette, harbor of New York, in an armed steamer and under a sufficient guard. A permanent guard will be ordered to the fort in time to receive the prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Huttonsville, Randolph County, Va., July 15, 1861.

OFFICER COMMANDING THE FORCES COMMANDED BY THE LATE

ROBERT S. GARNETT, Esq.,

Styling himself Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

SIR: As the commander of this department I have protected the persons of all citizens of Western Virginia except those engaged in active hostilities against the United States, and when under a misaprehension of patriotic duty arrests have been made because of political opinions or sympathies I have promptly ordered releases. I have protected all private property by whomsoever owned. My proclamations and general orders on this subject have doubtless been brought to your knowledge.

I am informed that arrests have been made in Western virginia of citizens loyal to the Government of the United States but not in arms for the support of it, and that such prisoners or some of them are within your control. I suggest to you the propriety of releasing all such persons, their detention being not only individual hardship but calculated to increase the troubles of this section of the country without contributing to any military result. Among the prisoners now within your control and belonging to the class above mentioned my attention has been called specially to the following names: W. M. Smith, John Brooks, Quilby Osborn, J. L. Forton, Quillers Herron, and I beg leave to call your attention to those and all similar cases.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 16, 1861.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. WARD,

U. S. Sloop Macedonian, Vera Cruz, Mexico.

SIR: Your resignation as a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States tendered in your letter of the 26th of May last has been received. By direction of the President your name has been stricken from the rolls of the Navy, to take effect from the date of the delivery of the order.

I am, respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES.

---------------

*For case of Kane and the Baltimore police commissioners, see Vol. I, this series p. 619, et seq.

---------------

