
insane an order was issued from the Departmen of State January 9, 1862, directing Brigadier - General Porter, provost - marshal of Washington, to release Offutt from the Old Capitol Prison upon his taking the oath of allegiance to the Unites States Government and stipulating not to visit or correspond with persons residing in the insurrectionary States and to do no act hostile to the United States.

Charles A. Worthington was arrested by order of General Porter and committed to Thirteenth Street Prison, Washington, D. C. He was charged with having been in the service of the Confederate States. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 15, 1861, directing General Porter to release Worthington on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States nor hold any correspondence with persons residing the those States nor do any act hostile to the United States during the present insurrction. He was accordingly released October 16, 1861.

William F. McKewen, of Baltimore, Md., was arrested in Baltimore October 15, 1861, by order of the military authorities and confined in Fort McHenry; from thence he was conveyed to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. At the time of his arrest he was secretary to the board of police commissioners of Baltimore and universally known to be disloyal to the United States Government and in deep sympathy with rebellion. The arrest was made as a measure of military pecaution to guard against the furtherance of the interests of the rebels in Baltimore and the State of Maryland. The said William F. McKewen remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preciding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. released February 22, 1862.)

Rev. N. G. North, of Virginia, captured at Harper's Ferry by Colonel Geary's command October 16, 1861, and by order of General Banks sent to Fort McHenry; from there sent to Bedloe's Island and ferred to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. (Released December 32, 1861, to be exchager.)

Isaac G. Mask, of Baltimore, was arrested by General Dix on the 16th of October, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette from whence he was afterward transferred to Fort Warren. Mask was detected in treasobnable correspondence with persons in Virginia, giving information of expeditions in course of preparation by the Government with the avowed treasonable intent that such information should be communicated to the military and other authorities of the rebels for the benefit of their cause. His guilt was clearly established and is not denied. On the 10th of January, 1862, Mask who is a man in humble position and circumstances was released from custody on taking the oath of allegiance.

Hamilton L. Shields, of Bennington, Vt., was arrested by order of the Secretary of State dated October 17, 1861, by U. S. Marshal Baldwin, of Vermont, and committed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with being engaged in treasonable correspondence with persons in insurrection against the

