
was arrested. Said Adams remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the war Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

William Peirce was arrested by order of the Secretary of State October 20, 1861, at Boston, Mass., and committed to Fort Lafayette; afterwards belonged to a rebel military organization in New Orleans and with being disloyal to the United States Government. He was released by order of Secretary of State November 11, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance and stipulating that he wold not visit any of the insurgent States or hold any correspondence with persons residing in them without the consent of the Secretary of State.

This person [Patrick McCafferty] was pickets up by the U. S. steamer Island Belle while in the act of crossing from the Maryland shore toward Mathias Point October 20, 1861, and was committed to the Old Capitol Prison January 3, 1862. He was discharged January 17, 1862, by order of the Secretary of the Navy on his taking the usual oath of allegiance.

Thomas B. Giles was arrested October 21, 1861, at Laurel, Del., by order of the Secretary of state and confined in Fort McHenry and from there transferred to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. Giles was charged with disloyalty and with three others taking and concealing a Government balloon, thereby thwarting the designs of the Government and its officers. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 3, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Giles on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was released November 4, 1861.

This man [Joseph Bacon] was arrested October 21, 1861, at Laurel, Del., by the order of the Secretary of State and confined in Fort McHenry and from thence transferred to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. He was charged with disloyalty and with assisting three others in taking and concealing a Government ballooting the design of the Government and its officers. An order was ussued from the Department of State dated November 3, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Bacon on his taking the oath of allegiance, &amp;c. He was released November 4, 1861.

John S. Bacon, of Laurel, Del., was arrested by order of the Secretary of State on the 21st of October, 1861, by Major Andrews, of the Second Regiment Delaware Volunteers, charged with conspiring to secrete a balloon belonging to the Government with treasonable purpose and was confined at Fort McHenry. On the 29th of October, 1861, the said Bacon was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance by order of the Secretary of State.

B. L. Hayden was arrested October 22, 1861, by a Government agent at his home in Saint Mary's County, Md., and by order of the Secretary of State was taken to Fort Lafauette. Hayden was charged with disloyalty to the United StatesGovernment and strong sympathy with the rebel cause. He belonged to an organization known as the Lower

