
Maryland Vigilance Committee whose object was to assist the insurgents and oppress the Union citizens. He was released on taking the oath of allegiance January 2, 1862, by order of the Secretary of State.

F. A. Drew was arrested at New York by order of the Secretary of State dated October 22, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with having been in the service of the rebels as masteer of a vessel. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 23, 1861, directing U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, to cause Drew to be released on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accordingly released October 23, 1861.

Application having been made to the Secretary of State by citizens of Parkersburg, Va., for the release of this person [Wigal

Young] who was represented to have been arrested by General Rosecrans and sent to Camp Chase in Ohio for confinement, the Secretary of State by letter dated October 25, 1861, requested General Rosecrans to furnish the proofs on which Young was arrested. General Roescrans replied October 31, 1861, that an order had been issued October 26, 1861, by the propost - marshal of Western Virginia, and released on such terms as Judge Jackson should prescribe.

The only information received at the Department of State relative to this person [John D. Sudendorf] is contained in a report of Major - General Dix dated October 25, 1861, stating that he had sentt Sudendorf with others to Fort Columbus; that he was a citizen or supposed to be so but acting in the capacity of a spy in conveying information to the rebels. The said John D. Sudendorf remained in custody at Fort Warren where he was conveyed november 1, 1861, on the 15th of February, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Turned over to civil authorities to be treated for insanity March 17, 1862.)

Application having been made to the Secretary of State by citizens of Parkersburg, Va., for the release of this person [Mr. Kizer] who was represented to have been arrested by order of General Rosecrans and sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, for confinement, the Secretary of State by letter dated October 25, 1861, requested General Rosecrans to furnish the proofs on which Kizer was arrested. General Rosecrans replied October 31, 1861, that an order had been issued October 26, 1861, by the provost - marshal of Virginia, to be released on such terms as Judge Jackson should prescirbe.

The only information received at the Department of state relative to this person [Brazillian Morley] is contained in a telegram from Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal of New York, dated October 28, 1861, to the Secretary of State stating that Commodore Paulding had arrested and place in his custody the said Morley, late of the U. S. Navy, and that the (the U. S. marshal) had committed him to Fort Lafayette. The action of the U. S. marshal was approved by the Secretary of State.

Information having been received from the U. S. consul at Liverpool that this person [Jeremiah McAuliff] was abou to sail for the United State with rebel dispatches an order was issued by the Secretary

