
Helm is a brother of Charles Helm, former consul at Hanava, now a rebel agent abroad and has also another brother in the rebel army. He was charged with having expressed the strongest secession sentiments and of expressing the wish and hope in the most public manner that the Union troops on their way to the interior of Kentucky would never return alive. About November 25, 1861, he was taken to Louisville on a writ of habeas corpus sued out before Judge Ballard of that city and served by Marshal Sneed. The Department of State has no evidence showing how this case disposed of by the said authorities.

Robert Maddox was arrested about the 1st of November, 1861, by Deputy U. S. Marshal W. B. Smith by order of General Mitchel. Maddox was charged with having uttered in the boldest and most public manner disloyal sentiments and expressing the hope that the Union troops then about moving into the interior of Kentucky would never return alive. About November 25, 1861, he was taken to Louisville on a writ of habeas corpus sued out before Judge Ballard, of that city, and served by Marshal Sneed. The Department of State has no evidence as to how this case was disposed of by the said authorities.

This person [Peter Reilly] was captured on the schooner Colonel Long, which vessel was taken near Charleston, S. C., when attempting to run the blockade. He was taken to Fort Lafayette and thence to Fort Warren. Having made application to the Secretary of State to be released an order was issued from the Department of State dated November 2, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding af Fort Warren, to discharge Reilly upon hs engaging on oath not to visit or hold any intercourse with the insurrectionary States during the rebellion. He was accordingly released November 6, 1861.

This person [Samuel F. Anderson] was arrested by order of General Hancock and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prisone November 2, 1861, and from thence transferred to Old Capitor of General Porter. There are no papers on file at the Department of State showing on what charge he was arrested. Said Anderson remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

This person [Aug. R. Sollers] was arrested in Calvert County, Md., by the military authorities on the day of the State election November 6, 1861, and sent to General Dix in Baltimore. He was charged with having formed with others a plan to take the polls on the day of election and prevent Union men from voting. Major - General Dix having examined the case and charges released Mr. Sollers on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

M. J. Koldenback, of Maryland, was arrested November 6, 1861, at Nottingham, Prince George's County, Md., on the day of election in that State by a lieutenant of the Thirty - sixth Pennsylvania Regiment, and having been taken to Washington was places in the Thirteenth Street Prison and afterward transferred to the Old Capitol. Koldenback was charged with having used treasonable language and having hurrahed for Jeff. Davis and d - d of Lincoln. Application having been made for Koldenback's discharge an order was issued by the Secretary of State December 28, 1861, directing Brigadier - General Porter, provost -

