
marshal of Washington, to release him upon his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States. Koldenback was accordingly released.

Mrs. Ellen Boyd Kennedy was arrested in Philadelphia November 7, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State on request of U. S. Marshal Millward, who stated that she was on her way to join her husband, Captain Kennedy, an officer in the rebel army in Virginia. She was suspected of having in her possession letters an correspondence to be carried to the insurrectionary States and hcarged with intending to proceed to Virginia in violation of the rules and regulations prescribed by the military authorities of the United States. She remained under surveillance in Philadelphia till November 27, 1861, when she was released by order of the Secretary of State on stipulating under oath not to enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States without the consent of the Secretary of State nor hold any treasonable correspondence with persons residing in those States.

This person [W. K. N. Breckinridge] was arrested November 9, 1861, and confined in the Thirteenth Street Prison by the order of Major - General McClellan. He was seen on the 8th of November with General McClellan's staff by Dr. C. A. Henry, formerly deputy marshal of Nebraska Territory, who remembered him as an orderly sergeant of Company C, Second U. S. Dragoons. Breckinridge was that time a bitter secessionist; claimed to be a cousin of Vice - President Breckinridge and stated that he had a commission from the State of Tenessee in the rebel army. He was released by order of General Porter November 13, 1861.

The first information received at the Department of State concerning this man [Christopher L. Keersted] was contained in a letter and inclosures from Marshal Robert Murray date New York november 9, 1861, showing that he was arrested upon a charge of dissuading various persons from enlisting in the service of the United States. That after an examination of his case he had released Keersted on his parole and respectfully equested the approvat of the Secretary of State. The action of the marshal in the premises was approved.

Thomas Mortimar was arrested by order of General Dix at Baltimore, November 9, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry and from thence transferred to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty. General Dix tender him his release on the day following his arrest on his taking the oath of allegiance, which he declined. An order was issued from the Department of State dated January 18, 1862, directing Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Mortimer upon his engagement on oath to report himself within two days from the date of his release to General Dix at Baltimore, and that meantime he will not hold any treasonable correspondence nor be engaged in any nor hold any communiction whatever with persons residing in the States in insurrection against the Government of the United States nor do any other act hostile or injurouis to the United States. He was accordingly released January 22, 1862.

The first information received by the Department of State concerning this man [Jacob mendelosohn] was contained in a letter and inclosures

