
ures from Marshal Robert Murray dated new York November 9, 1861, showing that he was arrested upon a charge of dissuading various persons from enlisting in the service of the United States; that after an examinathe had released Mendelsohn on his parole and respectfully requested the approval of this Department. The action of the marshal in the premises was approved.

The Department of State acquired its first knowledge of this individual [George Shannon] from the British minister who called to represent that he has been applied to in his behalf as a British subject said to be confined at Camp Chase. The governor of Ohio was written to on the 11th of November, 1861, for information in regard to the case, and whether in his opinion the prisoner was a person of sufficient character and influence to make his further detention necessary. On the 5th of December, 1861, a reply was received from Governor Dennison dated December 2 which gave no information of the time, cause or other circumstances of the arrest but stated the governor's opinion that the prisoner was not a person of sufficient character and influence to make his further detention necessary. Shannon was of Irish birth and said he had not been naturalized. On the 6th of December, 1861, he was ordered to be released.

The Department of State acquired its first knowledge of this individual [Michael Reilly] from the British minister who called to represent that he had been applied to in his behalf as a British subject said to be confined at Camp Chase. The governor of Ohio was written to on the 11th of November, 1861, for information in regard to the case, and whether in his opinion the prisoner was a person of sufficient character and influence to make his further detention necessary. On the 5th of December, 1861, a reply was received from Governor Dennison dated December 2, which gave no information of the time, cause or other circumstances of the arrest but stated the governor's opinion that the prisoner was not a person of sufficient character and influence to make his further detention mecessary. Reilly was of Irish birth and said he had not been naturalized. On the 6th of December, 1861, he was ordered to be released.

John Renwick waltimore, Md., by L. C. Baker, a Government agent, November 11, 1861. Renwick at the time of his arrest was found on the premises of his father, Robert Renwick, then a prisoner at Fort Warren, where said Baler was searching for concealed arms which he found in the stable stalls of said premises. Said John Renwick was released on his parole November 11, 1861.

This person [John McDaniel] was arrested by order of General Hancock and committed to the Thirteenth Street Prison November 11, 1861, and from thence transferred to the Old Capitol Prison by order of General Porter. There are no papers on file at the Department of State showing on what charge he was arested. Said McDaniel remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the war Department.

(Ordered released February 21, 1862. Refused parole February 22, 1862.)

The first information received at the Department of State relative to this person [Robert L. Jordan] was contained in a latter from Lord

