
Lyons stating that Jordan was held in confinement at Clarksburg, Va., and claimed to be a British subject. November 11, 1861, the Secretary of State addressed a letter to General McClellan asking a report of the facts and circumstances connected with the arrest of Jordan and received in reply a letter from Colonel Anisansel, of the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, who stated that Jordan was placed in confinement on account of a misunderstanding between him and Colonel Runnion, the Government agent at that post, and that having inquired into the facts he had released him. (Released November 19, 1861.)

J. W. Reynolds and A. Ostrander, quartemaster and sutler of the Seventy - ninth New York Regiment, were arrested at New York by U. S. Marshal Murray by order of General Porter November 12, 1861. Information of the arrest having been received by the Secretary of State he by order dated November 13, 1861, directed Marshal Murray to place them in Fort Lafayette. They were charged with stealing fourteen boxes of military clothing belonging to the United States. No further action in regard to them was taken by the Department of State.

This individual [Samuel V. Leech], a minister of the Methodist Church, statione at Sandy Spring, Montgomery County, Md., was arrested at that place on the 12th of November, 1861, by order of General Banks acting under instructions from the State Department, and was next day confined in Fort McHenry. Leech has been detected in clandestine correspondence with persons in Virginia. An intercepted letter from him dated August 25 and these passages:

The administration agenst are becoming so vigilant that I scarcely expect that this will be received. * * * Father can hear from you now only through me owing to his oath. * * * I fear to comment on political matters as my letter might be sent to Washington. I am true in the storm. The opinion you entertain of things is mine. I wish we could get to you a supply of coffee, sugar, &amp;c., but we cannot even get to you ourselves.

Major - General Dix by a dispatch dated November 14, 1861, asking authority to released John grove gave the first information in regard to this person received at the Department of State. In reply the Secretary of State requester General Dix to exercise his own judgment relative to the released of Grove. There are no papers in the Department of State showing when, by whom or upon what charges Grove was arrested nor what disposition Major - General Dix made of him.

A telegraphic dispatch from Major - General Dix November 14, 1861, asking authority to release George Julius from Fort McHenry was the first information received at the Department of State relative to this person. In reply the Secretary of State requested General Dix to exercise him own judgment in regard to the discharge of Julius. Having refused to take the oath of allegiance he was transffered December 3, 1861, to Fort Lafayette. On the recommendation of General Dix Julius was by order of the Secretary of State dated February 3, 1862, released on his parole of honor to return to the fort and deliver himself againss into custody within thirty days. The said George Julius remained on parole February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transfered to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862.)

