
The Department of State has no record, memoranda or information in relation to this person [Charles Keene]. His name is not in the list of political prisoners confined at Fort Warren and it is therefore inferred that he is held as a prisoner of War. [Fort Warren prison records show that Charles Keene was arrested November 14, 1861. His residence New York. He was released August 4, 1862, and sent to insane asylum.]

This person [Maurice Mayer], a resident of New York City, was arrested by order of the Secretary of State November 19, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty and treasonable correspondence with the enemies of the United States Government. Among the evidence of his guilty practices is an intercepted letter written by Mayer to his friends in Natchez in which he states that he is neurtal before the friends of the Union but when in company with those whom he can trust he does what he can to strengthen the hands of the Confederate. He was released by order of the Secretary of State Government November 22, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Governmeng not to visit or correspond with person residing in the insurrectionary States and do no act hostile to the United States.

It appears from a letter addressed to the Secretary of State dated Fort Monroe November 19, 1861, from Major - General Wool that this person [C. K. Gallagher] was arrested by General Butler at Hatteres Inlet. General Wool says: " I know nothing of him (Gallagher) expect that he was sent to me as a prisoner representing him as a man of talents and of great influence in North Carolina. " Gallagher writes to the Secretary of State from Fort Monroe November 17, 1861, asking to be released on parole to go South and effect an excharge for himself and states that he resude to take the oath oa allegiance, being actuated in so doing by motives of conscience and duty. No action was taken by the Secretary of State in this case further than to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of Major - General Wool with its inclosure from Gallagher.

The first information concerning this man [Captain Arthur

Cavanaugh] received at the Department of State was a letter dated November 20, 1861, from Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Tinelli saying Cavanaugh was arrested for enticing some of his men away from his camp and enlisting then in another regiment; that he repents and will return the men and asking that U. S. Marshal Murray be ordered to release him. An order by telegraph was issued from the Department of State dated November 25, 1861, directing Marshal Murray to release Cavanaugh. He was accordingly released.

This person [Christopher Ledwindge, of Kentucky,] was arrested about the 20th of November, 1861, by the military authorities at Cairo, Ill., and December 20, 2861, by order of the Secretary of State was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty to the United States Government and with being a dangerous man to the peace and welfare of the Union loving people of Kentucky. The said Christopher Ledwidge remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the

