
The said E. H. Jones remained in Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

(Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

This man [H. G. Fuller] was arrested by U. S. Marshal Sands, of Ohio, and committes to Fort Warren by an order from the Department of State dated November 21, 1861. He was charged with being a secessionist and traitor and enlisting men for the rebel army. One Stephen Fuller having written a letter dated November 7, 1861, mailed at Lexington, Ky., directed to William R. Coyle, Detroit, complains that Captain F[uller] cannot perform what he agreed, and therefore he wishes to get back to Detroit, and says: " Mr. Fuller is a secessionist; tried his best to get me to go over to the Breckinridge party. " An order was isssued from the Department of State dated December 13, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to released Fuller on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating to do no hostile act to the Government of the United States. He was released December 16, 1861.

Lieutenant William F. Engle appears by a letter of Colonel John W. Geary addressed to General Dix on the 21st of November, 1861, to have been captured by that officer and by him sent to Fort McHenry shortly previous to the date of said letter. Colonel Geary writes to General Dix in said letter that the prisoner's family are represented as Union - loving people and says that they assured him that Engle was anxious to take the oath of allegiance to the United States Government and to reside in Pennsylvania. General Dix wrote to the Department that Engle was not to go back to Virginia. An order of release upon Engle's taking the oath of allegiance was forwarded November 28, 1861, from the Department of State.

(Released November 28, 1861.)

David C. Hall was arrested by order of the Secretary of the Navy and committed to Fort Lafayette November 22, 1861. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing the cause of this arrest. The said David C. Hall remained in custody February 15, 1862, at Fort Lafayette when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transfered to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole February 22,

1862.)

William P. Converse was arrested in New York November 23, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State and committed to Fort Lafayette. The examination of intercepted letters found on the Maury Brothers, disclosed that Converse was corresponding with persons in the insurrectionary States in violation of the President's proclamation, and that the writers of letters introduced their correspondence with the remark that " Mr. Converse has informed me of an opportunity to send this to you by a party who is going to New Orleans. " Letters were also found without signatures in full and traced to W. P. Converse's place of business addressed to E. K. and W. P. Converse, Jr., New Orleans, dated October 28, 1861, from which the following quotations are taken:

What a thrashing they got the other day on the Upper Potomac; out of 2,400,600 lost. * * * I hope you are all prepared for the fleet which is to take you all and

