
box you up. * * * We have to keep quick for the Hotel de L. is fixed up for the accommedation of such as I am. They talk of superseding McClellan; if they do you will have an easy or comparatry.

It was this proved that Converse was aiding knowingly and became a party to the illegal, expressly prohibited and contraband intercourse with persons in the insurrectionary States by informing others and availing himself of an opportunity to send letters to New Orleand by a person or persons who were engaged in the business of smuggling correspondence through the Federal lines. An order was issued November 30, 1861, from the Department of State directing Lieutenant Colonel Martin burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Converse on his taking the oath of allegiance and stipulating to neither visit or hold correspondence with the insurrectionary States or do any hostile act against the Government of the United States during the insurrection. The said William P. Converse was accordingly released December 2, 1861.

S. R. Burnett was arrested by the military authorities in Pulaski County, Ill,. November 26, 1861, and by order of the Secretary of State of December 20, 1861, conveyed to Fort Lafayette. The charges against him were treason and beinga dangerous man. Said Burnett remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

The first information received at the Department of State relative to this person [R. C. Holland] was contained in a letter from Major - General Dix asking that Holland and a number of other prisoners confined in Fort McHenry should be transferred to some other fort. November 27, 1861, the Secretary of State directed the removal of Holland from Fort McHenry to Fort Lafayette, and he was received at the last - named fort December 3, 1861. February 14, 1862, an order was issued from the Department of State directing Lieutenant - Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Holland on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will do no act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. Having refused to take the oath of allegiance the said R. C. Holland remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

The first information received at the Department of State relative to this person [Jonah Potterfield] was a request of Major - General Dix asking that Potterfield and other prisoner confined in Fort McHenry should be transferred to some other fort. An order was accordingly made by the Secretary of State directing General Dix to transfer the prisoners to Fort Lafayette which order was dated November 27, 1861. Potterfield and the other prisoners were taken to Fort Lafayette Decemebr 3, 1861. Potterfield was a resident of Loudoun County, Va., and was arrested by the military authorities. No information has been received at the Department of State relative to the charges against him. The said Jonah Potterfield remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transeffer to the charge of that Department. (Released April 9, 1862.)

