
in exchange for R. W. Shurtliff, a prisoner in the custody of the insurgents at Richmond, Va. On the 15th day of February, 1862, no reply had been received at the Department of State to the last - mentioned letter. The said A. W. Habersham remained in custody at Fort McHenry February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Discharged April 8, 1862.)

The Department of State has no information in relation to this person [William T. Glassell] except that he is mentioned in the list of prisoners confined at Fort Warren as being from Alabama and having been arrested December 4 and committed to the fort December 5, 1861, by order of the Secretary of the Navy. A letter addressed to him designated him as of the late East India Squadron. (Released July 31, 1862, to be excharged.)

This man [Thomas Newman] was arrested by John Burt, deputy U. S. marshal at Albany, December 6, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State. He was charged with enticing soldiers to desert from the service. An order was issued from the Department of state dated January 16, 1862, directing Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Newman on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will do no act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection, &amp;c. He was released January 19, 1862.

Daniel Gardner is a citizen of Baltimore. The first information received at the Department of State relative to this man was contained in a letter and inclosures from J. L. McPhail, deputy provost - marshal at Baltimore, dated December 7, 1861. It appears that with others he was picked up in an open boat of the U. S. frigate Cumberland of the blockading squadron near Newport New about November 12, 1861, and sent to Fort Warren. At the time of his arrest he was coming toward the vessels of the squardon, claiming to have escaped from the rebels in Virginia. An order was issued from the Department of State dated Decemebr 9, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick to release Gardner on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will do no act hostile to the United States. He was accordingly released December 12, 1861.

The first information the Department of State received concerning these men [John and Josept Shaney] was contained in a letter and inclosures from J. L. McPhail, deputy provost - marshal, Baltimore, dated December 7, 1861. It appears that they were picked up in an open boat by the guard boat of the U. S. sloop of war Cumberland, of the blockading squadron, about November 12, 1861, and sent to Fort Warren. An order was issued from the Department of State dated December 9, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick to release John and Joseph Shaney do no act hostile to the United States. They were accordingly released December 12, 1861.

George J. Mahe, of New Orleans, was captured on the 9th day of December, 1861, in Barataria Bay by the boats of the U. S. steamer South Carolina, Commander James Alden. Mahe represents that he

