
was on a fishing excursion with four friends accompanying him when they were captured by the South Carolina's boats and taken on board of the said steamer. That the commander released his four companions on their taking the oath of allegiance but detained him because he has been an officer in the military service of the rebels, and sent him northward in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island. He was taken to Fort Lafayette and places in custody there on the 21st of January, 1862. He acknowledge that he held the office of captain in the military service of the rebels and served in that capacity from the 2nd day of July to the 11th day of October, 1861, at which last - mentioned date he resigned. He professed his willingness and desire to remain a peaceful citizen of the United States and to take the oath of allegiance as such which he accordingly did on the 25th day o January, 1862, and was thereupon discharged from custody.

The first informaiton received at the Department of State concerning Lieutenant Myers, of the U. S. Navy, was contained in a letter from John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police, New York, dated December 9, 1861, which was referred to the Secretary of the Navy who reported that the only information that the Navy Department possessed concerning Myers was that he was confined in Fort Warren for refusing to take the oath of allegiance.

This person [Bento Pacheco] was charged with being a slaver. The only information relative to his arrest received at the Department of State is contained in a telegram from U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, dated December 13, 1861, stating that the party was about to leave the country and asking whether he should arrest him and take him to Fort Lafayette. In reply the Secretary of State informed U. S. Marshal Murray that Pacheco and his companious should be arrested in due form after affidavits, &amp;c., and then committed to Fort Lafayette.

This person [J. A. Machedo] was charged with being a slaver. The only information received at the Department of State relative to his arrest is contained in a telegram from U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, dated December 13, 1861, asking whether he shall arrest and convey the party to Fort Lafayette. In reply the Secretary of state informed U. S. Marshal Murray that Machedo and his companions should be arrested by legal process after affidavits, &c., and then sent to Fort Lafayette.

Tench Schley was arrested by order of General Hooker and committed to the Old Capitol Prison the 15th of December, 1861. Schley was charged with being a spy and having conveyed information to the enemy. The following extract from a report made by Major Allen to the prov- marshal of Washington and forwarded by the latter to the Secretary of State contains the best information on file in the Department of state relative to Mr. Schley, viz:

Tench Schley is a young man of considerable shrewdness and intelligence and that in my opinion if permitted to be at large even for a day could and probably would find some means of repeating the offense for which he is confined and perhaps be the means of conveying valuable information to the enemy.

The said Tench Schley remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

