
John Hagins, of Magoffin County, Ky., was arrested in Montgomery County in that State about the middle of December, 1861, charged with furnishing supplies of stock to the rebel army under General Williams. The Department of state was advised of the arrest by a dispatch dated Cincinnati, December 17, 1861, from E. S. Samuels, Government agent in Kentucky, and C. B. Pittis, deputy U. S. marshal of the same State, who say that he Hagins was taken while " in transit with cattle for the rebels," and also that they have " plenty of evidence to hang him. " He was thereupon directed to be taken to Fort Lafayette, which was accordingly done of the Department direct from himself and through his attorney Mr. Tenney are contradictory. He states that he had been grazing at a place in Montgomery County some sixty miles from his residence. The statement made through Mr. Tenney is that he was apprehended while on his return from Cincinnati where he had been with some hogs. The said Hagins remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole Feruary 22, 1862.)

The State Department has no papers showing with accutances of this person's [Benjamin A. Jones] arrest or by whom it was made. In a letter dated Williamstown, Ky., December 16, 1861, transmitted to sustain an application for his release it is represented that he " by threats on the part of his father and others was induced to join the band of rebels arrested at or near Winchester in this State (Kentucky) and now in Camp Chase Prison. " The same letter embodies a quotation from a letter received by the written from Jones as follows: " Circumstances which you well know an over which I had but little control induced me to take the step I did. I am not only willing but anxious to take the oath and return home to my business, and when I take it I expected to keep it not only in the spirit. " The letter referred to was sent to the Department of State by the Honorable John W. Menzies from the House of Representatives on the 4th of February, 1862. On the 12th of February, 1862, the said Jones was ordered to be released on taking the oath of allegiance. (Released April 7, 1862.)

W. F. Wells [was] arrested December 17, 1862, by Colonel Thayver, First Nebraska, near Sedalia. Bearer of dispatches from North Missouri to General Price. Case referred to a military commission convened by Major - General Halleck. Prisoner sentenced to death. Sentence afterward remitted by Major - General Halleck to confinement during the war.

The only knowledge the Department of State has of this person

[Lieutenant A. A. Baker] is that he was reported to have been taken by the U. S. frigate Mississippi in the Gulf of Mexico and sent to New York by the steamer Connecticut, charged with deserting from the U. S. Navy and joining the rebels; arriving at New York was delivered to the custody of the U. S. marshal December 17, 1861. Upon this report he was directed to be taken to Fort Lafayette and kept in custody there. He remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

