
therein referred to and their correspondence should it seems to me be watched and any member of the firm arrested against whom there should be probable cause for a charge of disloyal or treasonable practices. If any arrest should be made General Scott will be requested to cause the party to be confined in a fort in the neighborhood of New York.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

LONDON, July 5, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: I feel it my duty to communicate a little information which I have obtained from a source entitled to credit touching the movements of a man called Holland now in London. This is the same man who escaped from America a short time since under strong suspicion which was probably well founded. It is stated that on his voyage he had papers which would have convicted him, but that they were saved by a woman who concealed them in her bosom and who carried them safely to their destination. I understand this to have been on the way out of America, from which he not long since returned. He is now engaged here in procuring and forwarding arms to the South. He professes to be able to get them in by the way of Texas. He also gives it out that he is fitting out a steamer for a privateer. This is probably the same vessel of which the consul, Mr. Morse, has had information.

But the material part of the information is that he keeps up his communications through Paris and a French house in the city of New York, a Mr. Amedee Simonee who transmits the letters from Richmond. He admitted that for a time he had been cut off but the thread was tisaid that he affirms that much of what is done at Washington is known to the Confederates by the treachery of subordinates yet retained by Government. I receive this information in a way which makes concealment of the channel highly advisable.

Very truly, yours,

C. F. ADAMS.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 23, 1861.

Major-General DIX, U. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore:

Can you with safety send to New York your political and other prisoners without waiting for those from Western Virginia otherwise than by a steamer and the ocean? See previous communications to General Banks.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MARYLAND,Fort McHenry, July 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I received your confidential dispatch* last evening with the letter inclosed concerning the Winans arms. Major-General Banks doubts the fact stated and thinks that a search would excite a great deal of feeling among the Roman Catholics. I sent for a special agent of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

3 R R - SERIES II, VOL II

