
William Jones was one of the crew of the English bark Empress captured by the U. S. sloop Vincennes while running the blockade at the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi and was conveyed to New York. U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, having informed the Secretary of State of the arrival of the crew of the Empress and that they were in his custody an order was issued from the State Department dated December 28, 1861, directing the marshal to release Jones and his companions. The crew of the bark Empress were accordingly released.

Michael O'Brien was one of the crew of the English bark Empress captured by the U. S. sloop Vincennes while running the blockade at the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi and was conveyed to New York. U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, having informed the Secretary of State of the arrival of the crew of the Empress and that they were in his custody an order was issued by the State Department dated December 28, 1861, directing the marshal to release Sanger and his companions. The crew of the bark Empress were accordingly released.

William Sanger was one of the crew of the English bark Empress captured by the U. S. sloop Vincennes while running the blockade at the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi and was conveyed to New York. U. S. Marshal Murray, of Ner York, having informed the Secretary of state of the arrival of the crew of the Empress and that they were in his custody an order was issued by the State Department dated December 28, 1861, directing the marshal ro release Sanger and his companions. The crew of the bark Empress were accordingly released.

George Watt was one of the crew of the English bark Empress captured by the U. S. sloop Vincennes while running the blockade at the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi and was conveyed to New York, having informed the Secretary of state of the arrival of the crew of the Empress and that they were in his custody an order was issued by the State Department dated December 2ng the marshal to release Watt and his companions. He was accordingly released.

This man [Arthur Wardle] was one of the crew of the English bark Empress captured by the U. S. sloop Vinceness while running the blockade at the Northeast Pass of the Mississippi and conveyed to New York. U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, informed the Secretary of State of the arrival of the crew of the Empress and that they were in his custody. An order was issued from the Department of State dated December 28, 1861, directing Marshal Murray to release Wardle and his companions. He was accordingly released.

Richard Waltz was arrested by order of General Banks at Harper's Ferry and sent to the Old Capitol Prison December 20, 1861. He was confined on suspicion of being a spy or being engaged in contraband trade, having entered the Federal Lines at Harper's Ferry coming from the Southern States. Upon an investigation of his case at the provost - marshal's office it was found an reported to this Department January 13, 1862, that Waltz was an Austrian, nineteen yeards old and not yet naturalized; that he went South to make collections for his brother and to see a sick friend being unaware that in so doing he violated the President's proclamation concerning non - intercourse with the rebel States; that he returned as soon as he could do no so and gave

