
importance information to the Government officer. An order was issued from the Department of state dated January 18, 1862, directing General Porter to release Waltz on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter the States in insurrection nor hold correspondence with person residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State nor do any act hostile to the United States.

James B. Loker was arrested by Major Chapman in Saint Mary's County, Md., and was committed to the Old Capitol Prison by order of General Porter December 21, 1861. The charges against Loker were that his sympathies and sentiments were decidedly with the rebels; that he owned a boat upon the Potomas River which was used with his knowledge and consent to take men and contraband goods to the rebel army; that Loker himself took a man oveer the river whom he knew was to join the rebels; that at the time of his arrest a large number of letter were found in his boat which were intended for the enemy, conveying important information to them. Information having been received that the wife of Loker had died in Baltimore an order was issued from the Department of State February 6, 1862, directing the provost - marshal at Washington to release said Loker on his parole for five days to attend the funeral of his wife. February 10, 1862, on the application of Major - General Dix, a further parole for thirty days was granted to said Loker on his taking the oath of allegiance to the United States. The said James B. Loker remained on his parole February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released February 22, 1862.)

This person [J. R. Hawley] was arrested by order of the Secretary of State December 25, 1861, in Cincinnati, Ohio, and conveyed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty to the United States Government and exposing for sale at his place of business in Cincinnati envelopes and cards having printed upon them devices, mottoes, &amp;c., used by the rebels an those in sympathy with them. January 1, 1862, Hawley was released by order of the Secretary of State on taking the oath of allegiance an stipulating to discontinue his disloyal practices.

Henry J. Carroll, of Saint Mary's County, Md., was arrested by L. C. Baker, Government agent, December 30, 1861, and by order of the Secretary of state December 31 committed to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with disloyalty and with having counseled and advised a large number of the residents of Saint Mary's County to join the Confederate Army and with contributing liberally of his means to equip and forward recruits to Virginia for the rebel army. A few days subsequently he was released on his parole by order of Brigadier - General Porter, provost - marshal of the city of Washington.

The following - named persons, citizens of Gallatin County, Ky., were arrested by the military authorities in that State and committed to Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio. They were arrested about the last of December, 1861, and remained in custody February 15, 1862, viz: Adolphus Sayre, charaged with having served in the Southern army; James Sayre; brother of Adoplhus, no charge given; Joseph Spencer, no

