
Hoffman replies from Sandusky, Ohio, February 11, 1862, that he has been informed that all of them had been discharged but he is not informed by whose authority, and gives the names of said prisoners, viz; W. H. Wise, G. A. Davis, George T. Henderson, A. W. Jones, W. H. Peterson, G. S. Grove, John Barneto, Matthew Bright, J. Allen Harwood, Lewis S. Farrell, J. W. Wigal, J. B. Smith, John W. Coffman, Thomas W. Tillman.

John E. Rea was confined in the Old Capitol Prison in Washington on the 13th of January, 1862, having been received as a prisoner from the Navy Department on that day. A report made by E. J. Allen through General Porter, provost - marshal, states as derived from Rea himself that he is a native of Baltimore where he resides with and is employed by his father; that he is thirty years of age; that his father has a clothing store in Baltimore and a large amount of outstanding debts in Southeastern Virginia principally in Westmoreland and King George Counties which he was sent to collect; that he came by railroad to Washington, from there to Charlotte Hall, Md., by stage; thence with a companion through the woods to the house of a person whose name he refused to give. He also refused to give any account of his movements after leaving Charlotte Hall till he embarked on the Potomac or the names of any persons who aided and abetted his attempt to cross the river or any information concerning this clandestine communication with the rebels; that he was arrested by a boat's crew from the cutter Howell Cobb at 12. 30 a. m. January 11, taken on board the cutten and there searched; that he had not the accounts with him which he was going to collect; that he only carried a memorandum of them and that was in a package in the boat with his shirts; that as the package and its contents were so badly wet he threw them away; that some of the bills were fishing accounts averaging $ 80 to $ 100 each; that the next day in company with Rev. Bennett Smedes and George M. Gormley he was tranferred to the Island Belle; thence to Colonel Grahan's headquarters; thence successively to U. S. vessels Wyandank, Harriet Lane and Yankee on board of which latter he was taken to the U. S. Navy - Yard whence he was sent by Captain Dahlgren to the provost - marshal's office. No papers were found on him. It is otherwise shown that Smedes and Gormley wee in the same boat and taken at the same time. Smedes and two companions are also shown to have been talking secession shortly before they were taken. The said Rea remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Deparment of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

George W. Hutchins was arrested January 13, 1862, by General Heitzelman and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing what the charges were against this man. He remained in prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order from the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on taking oath of allegiance February 22, 1862.)

The first information that was received at the Department of State relative to the arrest of this man [George T. Henderson] was communicated in a letter from Lieutenant Colonel W. Hoffman, commissary - general of prisoners, addressed to Adjutant - General Thomas and dated January 13, 1862, which letter was referred to the Secretary of State. It stated that

