
police and directed him to station policemen by night and day near the only two nunneries as he thinks in the city and keep them under constant supervision. If they are entered by any unusual number of persons or if any attempt is made to move the arms in case they are secreted there as conjectured the whole police aided by the military will be called out. In half an hour two regiments can be concentrated at either point. In the meantime if any circumstance occurs to confirm suspicion I will not hesitate a moment to institute a thorough examination of the premises.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

List of prisoners (citizens) paroled by order of Brigadier General W. S. Rosecrans July 25, 1861, captured at the battle of Rich Mountain, Va.

Isaac T. Vincent, Samuel W. Vincent, Henry Martin, Jasper Martin, George W. Slus, Joseph Matthews, William J. Matthews, James H. Camp, George H. Easton, William Schiefer, Hugh O'Donell, William E. Lively, Charles Meredith and Benjamin F. Green.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Cairo, Ill., July 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit a report of the names and residences of all prisoners taken and released upon oath of allegiance to the United States by the troops under my command.

With assurances of high regard, I have the honor to be, dear sir, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Alfred Yancey, Hardeman County, Tenn., arrested May 12, released May 13; employe of Adams Express Company.

Oliver M. Russell, Saint Louis County, Mo., arrested May 12, released May 14; rearrested and held since July 2.

Matthew Hale, Joseph Hill, Samuel W. Woods and Thomas Brenna, Hickman County, Ky., arrested and released June 1; arrested at Cairo, Ill.

John Martin, Saint Louis County, Mo., arrested June 3, released June 5; arrested at Cairo, Ill.

Riley W. Murphy, Jackson County, Ill., arrested June 4, released June 6; arrested at Carondale, Ill.

Israel Blanchard, Jackson County, Ill., arrested June 4, released June 8; sent to civil authorities, and subsequently released.

Lewis Thompson, arrested June 5, released June 6; steam-boat hand; arrested at Cairo.

James M. Morgan, Jackson County, Ill., arrested June 5, released June 6; arrested at Carbondale, Ill.

Reuben Morgan, Jackson County, Ill., arrested and released June 5; arrested at Carbondale, Ill.

James Richardson, McCracken County, Ky., arrested and released June 5, by scouting party under Colonel Morgan.

