
to have been deliberate murder. It was advised by Honorable Garrett Davis that Hibler be tried by military court - martial. No information has been received at the Department of State showing what disposition was made of his case by the military or civil authorities of Kentucky.

This person [M. J. Farrington] was arrested by order of the military authorities and committed to Old Capitol Prison January 15, 1862. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing on what charge he was arrested. Saind Farrignton remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862.)

This person [John Digney] was arrested January 17, 1862, by order of General Hooker and confined in the Old Capitol Prison. There are no papers in the Department of State showing where or upon what charges he was arrested. He remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (March 3, 1862, ordered released.)

This first information received at the Department of State relative to this case [Charles H. P. Coe] was a letter from Coe addressed to the Secretary of State dated at Fort Lafayette January 19, 1862, making certain propositions for his release, among others that he might be allowed upon his parole of honor to proceed to Richmond, Va., for the purpose of effecting an excharge for himself, thus confessing his disloyalty and treason. January 25, 1862, Major - General Dix informed the Secretary of State that Coe was a man of little importance and recommended his excharge. An order was accordingly issued February 14, 1862, from the Department of State directing Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to discharge Coe on his giving his parole of honor to return to that fort within thirty days unless within twenty days Mr. E. B. Boutwell, then held a prisoner by the insurgents at Richmond, Va., should be unconditionally released and sent within the lines of the U. S. Army. The said Charles H. P. Coe having given the required parole of honor was released February 19, 1862.

This person [John F. C. Offutt] was arested by order of General Banks and committed to Old Capitol Prison January 20, 1862. He was charged with being a spy in the employ of the rebels. Said J. F. C. Offutt remained in custody at Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

O. F. Potter was arrested by the provost - marshal of Rockville and sent by General Stone, commanding that division, to Washington and committed to the Old Capiton Prison January 20, 1862. Potter was charged with being a rebel spy and with intending to enter the insurgent States on an unlawful errand. He remained in the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

