
Daniel B. Harrington, a deserter from Tantall's rebel fleet, was committed to Fort Lafayette January 21, 1862. Harrington represents in a letter dated January 28, 1862, to the Secretary of state that he was wrecked at sea and escaped in a small boat to Key West where he was impressed in the Confederate Navy; that he deserted the first opportunity and was taken on board the U. S. frigate Wabash where he took the oath of allegiance. He was released February 6, 1862, by order of the Secretary of State.

Francis Collohan was one of a party of six who deserted and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and thence transferred January 21, 1862, to Fort Lafayette. January 26, 1862, Collohan was released upon taking the oath of allegiance by order of the Secretary of State.

Timothy Conovan was one of a party of six who deserted and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and transferred January 21, 1862, to Fort Lafayette. January 26, 1862, Conovan was relesed upon taking the oath of allegiance by order of the Secretary of State.

Edward English was one of a party of six who deserved and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy - Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and were transferred January 21, 1862, to Fort Lafayette. By orderr of the Secretary of State English was released upon taking the oath of allegiance January 26, 1862.

Alfred Johnson was one of a party of six persons who deserves and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and thence transferred to Fort Lafayette January 21, 1862. Johnson was released January 26, 1862, upon taking the oath of allegiance by order of the Secretary of State.

Joseph Parker was one of six persons who deserted and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy - Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and were transferred January 21, 1862, to Fort Lafayette. Parker was released upon taking the oath of allegiance January 26, 1862, by order of the Secretary of State.

James Smith was one of a arty of six who deserted and escaped from the insurgents at Warrington Navy - Yard, Fla., and went to Fort Pickets from whence they were taken in the U. S. steamer Rhode Island to Philadelphia and thence transferred to Fort Lafayette January 21, 1862. January 26, 1862, Smith was released upon taking the oath of allegiance by order of the Secretary of State.

Sidney Bennett was arrested by order of the Secretary of the Navy and committed to Fort Lafayette January 24, 1862. He was charged with having used highly treasonable and disloyal language whilst serving as landsman on board the U. S. frigate Santee then in the Gulf of Mexico. The said Sidney Bennett remained in custody at Fort Lafayette

