
February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Jackson Benman was arrested by order of General Fitz - John Porter and committed to the Old Capitol Prison January 24, 1862. No papers have been received at the Department of State showing on what charges the arrest of this person was made. The said Jackson Benman remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

January 24, 1862, a letter was received at the Department of State from the Post - Office department inclosing a letter written by W. I. Rasin, dated as follows; " Headquarters Second Maryland Regiment Volunteers, C. S. Army, Camp Lowe, two miles from Richmond, Va., October 29, 1861. " The following extracts from the letter show the character and rebel sympathy of the written, viz:

* * * I hope John you will not let the simple fact of my being a rebel turn the friendship you once had for me to hatred as it has done nearly all of those in the North who were once my friends.

* * * If you should be so foolish as to join Lincoln'a army never come to Virginia or Maryland.

WILLIAM I. RASIN,

Major Second Maryland Regiment, C. S. Army.

Rasin was arrested at Unionville, Md., about the 1st of February, 1862, by a Government agent acting under orders received from the Department of State. The Government officer in his report of his arrest of Rasin states that " no letters or papers of importance were found in his possession. * * * Rasin admits that he wrote this letter (meaning the lette above alluded to). The Secretary of State directed Rasin to be places in the custody of Brigadier - General Porter, provost - marshal of Washington, February 4, 1862. The said William I. Rasin remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Under date of January 24, 1862, Major General John A. Dix informed the Secretary of State * that there were twelve persons confined as prisoners in Fort McHenry (names not given) whom he desired to have transferred to some other fort; that " they were arrested the week before at a place of rendezvous from whence they were to go into the insurgent States. " In compliance with that request an order was issued January 25, 1862, from the Department os State directing General Dix to have the said twelve prisoners conveyed to Fort Lafayette and requesting him to furnish the Department with their names and the proofs on which they were held in custody. william Gross with his companions was accordingly transferred to Fort Lafayette but the Department of State. The said William Gross, Isaac H. Weaver, Amos Thompson, Edward 	H. McCubbin and Patrick O'Brien remained in custody aat Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day they were transeferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

