
This person [Charles Smith] was taken on the prize schooner Venus in the Gulf of Mexico and with the vessel conveyed to New York. No information in regard to the date of the capture of the vessel or when he was committed to Fort Lafayette has been received at the Department of State. He remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

This person [Jacob Johnson] was arrested on the prize schooner Venus which vessel was captured in the Gulf of Mexico. The time of the capture of the vessel for when Johnson was committed to Fort Lafayette has not been received by the Department of State. The said Jacob Johnson remained in custody Februaary 15, 1862, in Fort Lafayette.

This person [Andrew Nelson] was captured on the prize schooner Venus in the Gulf of Mexico and with others of the crew of that vessel was brought to New York and confined in Fort Lafayette. The date of the capture or the time when Nelson and his companions of the Venus were committed to Fort Lafayette has not been communicated to the Department of State. The said Andrew Nelson remained in custody in Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862.

This person [Peter Hanson] was one of the crew of the prize schooner Venus captured in the Gulf of Mexico and was brought to New York and confined in Fort Lafayette. The date of the capture or when Hanson and the crew of the Venus were committed to Fort Lafayette has not been communicated to the Department of State. The said Peter Hanson remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862.

This person [Charles Eastwood] was taken on the prize schooner Venus in the Gulf of Mexico and with the vessel conveyed to New York. No info to the date of the capture of the vessel or when Eastwood was committed to Fort Lafayette has been received at the Department of State. The said Charles Eastwood remained in custody February 15, 1862, at Fort Lafayette.

This person [Edward Zickler] was captured on the prize schooner Venus in the Gulf of Mexico and having been taken to New York was places in Fort Lafayette. The date of the capture of the vessel or when Zickler was committed to Fort Lafayette has not been received at the Department of State. The said Edward Zickler remained in custody at Fort Lafayette Febraury 15, 1862.

This man [Alex L. McKeinzie] was arrested by order of General Heitzelman and committed to the Old Capitol Prison January 29, 1862. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing upon what charges he was arrested. Said A. L. McKenzie remained in custody at Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole and not to leave the District febuary 22, 1862.)

James Potter was arrested January 30, 1862, by Brigadier - General Heitzelman and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. Potter was charged with strong secession sympathies and aiding the rebels in arms

