
against the Government. He remained in confinement February 15, 1862, when in conformity with an order of the preceding day from the War Department he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released March 24, 1862.)

This person [Horace W. Bridges] was mate of the brig Joseph which was captured by the privateer Savannah. He was kept in custody at Philadelphia as a witness against said privateer. He was discharged January 30, 1862.

This man [James J. Babbage] was mate of the brig Cuba which was captured by the privatter sumter and a prize crew put on board. The crew of the Cuba afterward recaptured that vessel and brought her with the Sumter's prize crew into the port of New York. Babbage and the rest of the Cuba's crew were taken into custody as witnesses against the Sumter's prize crew. Babbage waas released January 30, 1862.

Josiah E. Bailey was arrested by order of General Porter and committed to the Old Capitol Prison February 1, 1862. He was charged with being a spy in the employ of the rebels. Said Bailey remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Jose English was arrested at Ship Islaand, Miss., and by order of Major - General butler sent to Fort Warren February 2, 1862. He was charged with being a spy in the rebel service. Said English remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

(Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released Febuary 22, 1862.)

Gurden Pendleton was arrested February 4, 1862, by D. H. Carr, U. S. marshal of the district of Connectioncut, at Stonington by order of the Secretary of State. Pendleton was a strong rebel sympathizer and did what he could to prevent the enlistment of men in the U. S. service. He made use of the following expressions in the most public manner on the 15th of January, to wit: " I hope to God that every Northern man who goes to fight the Southerners will be killed, and leave his bones to bleach there. This is amost unjust was against them. Your President Lincoln is a villain and a d - d liar," and much more to the same effect. Pendleton was taken before F. A. Palmer, notary public, where he took the oath of allegiance with stipulations that he was to hold no correspondence with persons resding in the insurgent States. He was thereupon released.

This person [Calvert Beach] was arrested by order of General Heitzelman and committed to the Old Capitol Prison February 5, 1862. No papers have been received at the Department of State showing on what charges the arrest was made. The said Calvert Beach remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding ay he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

