
This person [E. C. Ostrander] was arrested by order of General Smith and committed to Old Capitol Prison February 5, 1862. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing on what charges he was arrested. Said E. C. Ostrander remained in custody at Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in comformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

This person [John L. Shults] was arrested by L. C. Baker, esq., an agent of Government in Washington, about the 5th of February, 1862. February 5, 1862, an order was issued from the Department of State directing L. C. Baker to deliver said Shults to the charge of the U. S. marshal of the District of Columbia which was done. He was not regarder either as a prisoner of war a political prisoner of state.

Vance L. Trumble was arrested by order of General Heitzelman and committed to the Old Capitol Prison February 5, 1862. There are no papers on file at the Department of state showing on what charge he was arrested. Said Trumble remained in custody at the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Depaeceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Ordered released February 21, 1862. Released on parole February 22, 1862.)

B. H. Jenkins was arrested February 5, 1862, at Alexandria, Va., by an agent of the Government charged with being a spy and having recently been in the rebel army acting as sutler and contractor. By order of the Secretary of State dated February 5, 1862, Jenkins was placed in the custody of the provost - marshal of Washington. The report of L. C. Baker, a Government agent who examined the person and papers taaken from Jenkins, shows that Jenkins ha with him at the time of his arrest passes issued by both civil and military officers of the rebel government; also order for cars to transport lumber. After his arrest Jenkins admitted that he voted for the ordinance of secession in Virginia, and voluntarily stated that he was interested in a sutlership in the Confederate army at Manassas Junction up to October last. The said B. H. Jenkins remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

Abraham Hornbeck was arreste by General Smith February 7, 1862, and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. There are no papers in the Department of State showing the charges against this man. He remained in the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in accordance with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released February 22, 1862.)

Mahlon H. Jannery was arrested by order of General Banks and confined in the Old Prison February 8, 1862. There are no papers on file in the Department of State showing on what charges this man was arrested. The said Jannery remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison till February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the

