
War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released on parole not to leave the District of Columbia February 22, 1862.)

Rev. J. R. Steward, of alexandria, was arrested * by S. W. Morton, a Government agent, February 9, 1862, for omitting to read the prayer for the President to the United States and for Congress and declining to do so after being twice requested. The fact of the arrest having been brought before the Secretary of Stahe matter to General Montgomery, the military governor of Alexandria, to take such action as he deemed advisable for the public interest.

The only information received at the Department of State concerning this man [John Barneto] is contained in a letter dated February 11, 1862, from Lieutenant Colonel W. Hoffman, commanding at Camp Chase, Ohio, stating that he has been informed by direction of Governor Tod, of Ohio, that John Barneto, a prisoner at Camp Chase, had been released.

Warren Curtis was arrested in Virginia, February 13, 1862, by order of General F. J. Porter and committerd to the Old Capitol Prison. He was charged with being a spy. Having obtained a pass to cross the Potomac to visit relatives he made his way to the outer lines of the U. S. Army without trying to accomplish his pretended object. The said Warren Curtis remained in custody in the Old Capitol February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. (Released March 25, 1862.)

Dr. Robert Barclay arrest February 18, 1862, by Provost - Marshal -General Farrar [at Saint Louis, Mo.], for general, oper and avowed disloyalty. (Specification not on file.)

The only information had at the Department of State concerning this man [Matthew Bright] is in a letter dated February 18, 1862, from Lieutenant Colonel W. Hoffman, commanding at Camp Chase, stating that he has been informed by direction of Governor Tod, of Ohio, that Bright, a prisoner at Camp Chase, had been released.

J. B. Burnett arrested February 18, 1862, by Provost - Marshal - General Farrar [at Saint Louis, Mo.], for general, open and avowed disloyalty.

George J. Jones arrested February 20, 1862, by Provost - Marshal Leighton [at Saint Louis, Mo.], for publishing for circulation in hand - bill form treasonable and libelous articles from English journals with view of aiding and assisting the rebel cause. Prisoner is a British subject. Case under examination March 3.

Ambrose McFaul arrested February 28, 1862, by Provost - Marshal Leighton [at Saint Louis, mo.], for treasonable language publicly and in presence of soldiers.

---------------

* See pp. 212, 213, 219, 220 for correspondence relating to Steward's arrest.

---------------

