
J. H. Naive, James N. Newell, Z. S. Jett, John Smith, Milton Grissom, James Welsh, Benjamin P. West, George Hargan, Daniel Hargan, George W. Naive, Madison J. West, James P. Davis, Chesley Rhodes, Michael McRedman, Alfred Rush, William Reasor, George W. Wiseman and James McPherson, Scott County, Mo., arrested June 10, released June 11, by scouting party under Lieutenant-Colonel Hammer.

Sylvester Parker alias Holman, Mississippi County, Mo., arrested and released June 12; arrested at Cairo, Ill.

T. C. Tappan, Edward Gray, William B. Gray and A. J. Carter, Scott County, Mo. ; A. S. Lightner, Jasper Colbey and T. J. McClure, Alexander County, Ill., arrested and released June 23; A. R. Newman, Marshall Ellison and Edward Moss, Scott County, Mo., arrested June 23, released June 24, by scouting party under Colonel Morgan.

Michael Flynn (residence not fixed), arrested and released June 26; steam-boat man; arrested at Cairo, Ill.

Peter H. Tiernan and Aubrey C. Howard, Saint Louis County, Mo., arrested July 7, released July 24; arrested at Cairo, Ill.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

Extract from Major General George B. McClellan's reprot covering operations of the Army of the Potomac from July 27, 1861, to November 9, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

SIR:

* * * * *

Immediately after being assigned to the command of the troops around Washington I organized a secret service force under Mr. E. J. Allen, a very experienced and efficient person. This force up to the time I was relieved from command was continually occupied in procuring from all possible sources information regarding the strength, possitions and movements of the enemy. (Mr. Allan Pinkerton was the trustworthy and efficient chief of the secret service mentioned under the assumed name of E. J. Allen.)

All spies, "contrabands," deserters, refugees and many prisoners of war coming into our lines from the front were carefully examined, first by the outpost and division commanders, and then by my chief of staff and the provost-marshal-general. Their statements taken in writing, and in many cases under oath, from day to day for a long period previous to the evacuation of Manassas comprised a mass of evidence which by careful digests and collations enabled me to estimate with considerable accuracy the strength of the enemy before us.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort McHenry, Md., July 27, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 44, Adjutant-General's Office, July 13, 1861, I have the honor to inclose herewith a

