
persist in detraining me here when it is fully assured by its own official after an examination such as has been made that there is no case against me sustainable by the Constitution and laws of the land.

We are all well, and Messrs. Howard, Gathcell and Davis desire to be kindly remembered to you. If you have an opportunity please see Judge Bartol or Mr. Dobbin, either of whom will I am sure see Mr. Addison in regard to the matter and procude from him whatever statement he is willing to make with reference to the examination of the case. I wrote to Brent the day after my arrival here but I suppose he has not received the letter. My kindest regards to Mrs. Mason all your familly, and hoping soon to see you all,

I remain, yours, very truly,

R. H. ALVEY.

P. S. - Direct your communications to me in care of Lieutenant Wood at this fort. Colonel Burke is commanding the post inclusing both forts, Hamilton and this, but Lieutenant Wood is in command at this fort.

R. H. A.

WASHINGTON, September 2, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I take the liberty of presenting the bearer the Hon John Thompson Mason, of Maryland, who desires to make some explanations respecting Mr. Avley. Mr. Avley was arrested some time since at Frederick and Judge Mason thinks has been detained from oversight. I hope you will be able to give him a hearing.

Yours, truly,

M. BLAIR.

FORT WARREN, November 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have been a prisoner kept in confinement since about the 18th of June last. I was arrested in my office at Hagerstown, Md., and have been detained in the several forts of McHenry, Lafayette and this (Warren) ever since. Immediately upon my arrest I requested and urged a speedy investigation but though two several grand juries have sat in the Maryland district since the arrest no action has been had that I am aware of. The imprisonment has not only been exceedingly onerous to me personally but has in a great measure effected ruinours consequences to my family, they being entirely dependent upon my prolessional labors which have not only been suspended but my business itself mainly destroyed and lost. I write now simply to ask of you that will order my release. If tthe Government entertaining any suspicion or apprehension of hostile purposes on my part shall exact as a condition of my release any guaaranty I would be willing to give my parole to commit no act of hostility, or to enter into a recognizance to appear in the proper in the proper court to answer any accusation that may be preferred against me.

Hoping that your determination may be favorable to my request, am your obedient servant,

R. H. AVLEY.

