
arms against it; that I will enter any of the States now in insurrection against the authority of the Federal Government nor hold any correspondence whatsoever with them or any persons in them during the present rebellion without permission from the Secretary of State, that I will do no act hostile or injurious to the Union of the States; that I will give no aid, comfort or assistance to the enemies of the Government either foreign or domestic; that I will defend the flag of the United States and the armies fighting under it from insult and injury if in my power so to do and that I will in all things deport myself as a good and loyal citizen of the United States.

JOHN S. EMERSON, Jr.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day of October, 1861.

THOMAS C. DONN,

Justice of the Peace for Washington County, D. C.

Case of Edward Seymour Ruggles.

June 24, 1861, Edward Ruggles ark on the steamer Ariel from Aspinwall and was ordered to be arrested on suspicion of treason. Amos B. Corwine, U. S. consul at Panama, by letter dated June 14, 1861, dated June 15, 1861, denounced Ruggles as an agent of the rebels in their service on the Isthmus seeking information in regard to the shipments of treasure from California and the measures if any adopted to protect it and bearing dispatches to General [A. S.] Johnston and other miliary officers. After his arrest a letter was found in Rug gles' possession from his father Daniel Ruggles, late a captain in the U. S. Army, now a general in the rebel service, showing that the prisoner had been at Montgomery in March and April, 1861, seeking an appointment in the marine service of the rebels; also a draft of an application for such appointment in his own handwriting. He also wrote and endeavored privately to send a letter to W. Preston Johnston, a known rebel at Louisville, Ky., speaking of his case as bad and urging that measures be taken to exchange him. On his examination Ruggles stated that his only mission to the Isthmus was to deliver a letter to the consul at Panama for General A. Sidney Johnston. On the 15th of July R. W. Shufeldt, U. S. consul-general at Havana, wrote to the Department of State stating that in May preceding Ruggles called on him with a letter of introduction from J. P. Benjamin, late Senator from Louisiana, and left with him a letter to General A. Sidney Johnston addressed and sealed by the said J. P. Benjamin; that he was afterward led to suspect that Ruggles was an agent for the rebels, and on seeing a notice of his arrest in a New York paper he opened the letter so left in his charge and now inclose it to the State Department. The letter so transmitted proved to be from William Preston Johnston to his father General A. Sidney Johnston, dated Louisville, April 26, 1861. The writer informed his father that he had just been to Montgomery and had had an inteview with the President and Secretary of War of the rebel Government and had become satisfied that his father would be second only to President Davis in rebel consideration and position. He urged his father to avoid all Northern ports and endeavor to get into New Orleans, and not to trust himself in the hands of a "pefidious and mercilles enemy. " He informs him that he himself will probably be a major or lieutenant-colonel of volunteers in Kentucky, where he is raising men. From the evidence in the case it appears that Edward

