
report of the prisoners who have been taken and released on their oath of allegiance to the United States at this post.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Major Fourth Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

Nathaniel Stephens, released June 29, 1861, on parole of honor; Timothy corbett, released July 9, 1861, on parole of honor; Frederick Ellenbrook, released July 11, 1861, on oath of allegiance; John L. Hebb, released July 13, 1861, on parole of honor; James Clayton, released July 16, 1861, on oath of allegiance; Richard T. Moran, released July 16, 1861, on otaht of allegiance; Samuel Ogle Tilghman, released July 16, 1861, on parole of honor; Charles D. Hinks, released July 6, 1861, on parole of honor; Eugene Higgins, released July 26, 1861, on parole of honor.

The above report is correct.

W. W. MORRIS,

Major Fourth Artillery, Commanding Post.

An act of the U. S. Congress, approved July 31, 1861.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That if two or more persons within anyState or Territory of the United States shall conspire together to overthrow or to put down or to destry by force the Government of the United States, or to levy war against the United States, or to oppose by force the authority of the Government of the United States, or by force to prevent, hinder or delay the execution of any law of the United States, or by force to seize, take or possess any property of the United States against the will or contrary to the authority of the United States, or by force or intimidation or threat to prevent any person from accepting or holding any office or trust or place of confidence under the United States, each and every person so offending shall be guilty of a high crime and upon conviction thereof in any ditrict or circuit court of the United States hav thereof or district or supreme court of any Territory of the United States having jurisdiction thereof shall be punished by a fine not less than $500 and not more than $5,000, or by imprisonment with or without hard labor as the court shall determine for a period not less than six months nor greater than six years, or by such fine and imprisonment.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 1, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington.

GENERAL: I am directed to communicate to you for your information and guidance the accompanying copy of an order of the President of the United States of yesterday relative to political prisoners in forts of the United States.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

