
United States; that he (Ruggles) had been ordered to join the Morgan here and for that purpose went to Havana, thence to Saint Thomas and thence to this port by the steamer Solent, of the Royal Mail Packet Company's line, which was certainly a very roundabout way to get here.

In conversation with citizens here Ruggles expressed himself as strongly in favor of secession. He went from here to Panama and there represented himself as a midshipman. Captain Robert Ritchle, of the Saranac, met him when he told Captain Richie that he had been in the Navy but had resigned and produced a letter from the present Secretary of the Navy accepting his resignation. Ruggles made many inquiries from citizens here concerning the U. S. naval force at this port, also the amount of treasure usually carried on the California steamers. He goes to the United States in the steamer of to-day (the Ariel). His stories are not only improbable but to a great extent false. I regard him as a suspicious character, and believe the Government will be fully justified in detaining him and prevent his communicating to the secessionists the information which he has obtained here. The U. S. brig-of-war Bainbridge which I observe has been ordered here has not yet arrived. She is now twnenty-five days out from Boston.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. A. ROBINSON, Jr.,

U. S. Consul.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 25, 1861.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH, Esq.,

U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York:

SIR: I am directed to forward you the accompanying copy of two letters addressed to this Department-one bearing date the 14th instant marked private from Amos B. Corwine, U. S. consul at Panama; the other of the 15th instant from Daniel A. Robinson, Jr., U. S. consul at Aspinwasll. Both of these communications relate to certain proceedings of Mr. Edward S. Ruggles, late a midshipman in the Navy, which indicate that he may have been in that quarter for treasonable purposes in the service of the insurgents in this country. As he is suppossed to be now in New York and may continue his practices the expediency of arresting him for examination and prosecution is submitted for your consideration.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, June 27, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your consideration a letter* of the 25th instant and the papers to which it refers addressed to this Department by John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police at New York, relative to Edward S. Ruggles, late an active midshipman in the Navy of the United States. I will thank you to cause the papers to be preserved or to be returned to this Department.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

