
by which he is surrounded under which his intellectual manhood, moral integrity and refined sense of honor as a mere yout are sensibly endangered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., January 24, 1862ECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: In a communication of this date I inclosed a letter of General Wool to myself dated 23th instant in which General W. makes no allusion to Mr. E. S. Ruggles being a prisoner of war. Mr. Ruggles has called and shown me a copy of his parole by which it appears he is released on parole for thirty days unless within that period Captain Edward Taylor is released. General Wool's letter was forwarded on the permit or passport of the Secretary of State in which his usual duplicaty alludes to Mr. Ruggles as a citizen of the United States. Mr. Ruggles takes this up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, January 20, 1862.

I, E, S. Ruggles, a prisoner at Fort Warren, do pledge my word of honor that I will proceed without any unreasonable delay to Fort Monroe, Va., and thence by flag of truce to Norfolk, and that I will do no act hostile to the United States nor convey any correspondence or information beneficial to the insurgents, and that I will return and surrender myself to the commanding officer at Fort Warren at the expiration of thirty days unless within twenty days Captain Edward Taylor be unconditionaly released and put at liberty at Fort Monroe, Va., in which event I may consider myself discharged from my parole.

E. S. RUGGLES, of Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, C. S. FORCES,Camp Benjamin, La., January 24, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit an appointment for my son Edward S. Rugles, now at Norfolk, Va., paroled for thirty days with the expectation of being exchanged for Captain E. Taylor, with the urgent request that it shall receive immediate attention. The commission to which he will be entitled under this appointment will I trust remove any obstructions on the score of rank in effecting an exchange within twenty days and thus prevent his being forced back to prison at Fort Warren. I respectfully urge that his case shall receive your immediate attention and the fullest protection of his Government and that he may be ordered to join me without delay. The distance interposed between myself and son and the increasing responsibility of my present position alone prevent me from giving this matter which has been quite too along neglected my personal attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

