
[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 4, 1862.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War.

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AMERICAN HOTEL, Richmond, January 25, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Confederate States.

SIR: By direction of the President I called on E. Taylor, a Federal prisoner here, who the President said would be discharged in exchange for me, ascertaining certain facts (already transmitted to the President) in regard to his position and standing.

By order I reported at his office and there learned that you were in private conversation with the President, therefore adopt this method of addressing you to ascertain if I can immediately (say to-morrow) depart for Norfolk in charge of E. Taylor, to proceed therefrom tinder a truce and be released from my parole, upon the consumation of which I can communicate to you the subject upon which I spoke at your office.

I would further request that Lieutenant Louis Florance, of Louisiana Zouaves, may accompany me on said duty, he being on furlough at present from the Pennisula.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. S. RUGGLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, January 26, 1862.

Major General BENJ. HUGER, Norfolk, Va.

SIR: * * * Mr. Edward Taylor, of Cincinnati, will be sent you in exchange for Mr. E. S. Ruggles.

* * *

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

Cases of Messrs. Hitchock, Burson and Nettleton.

Thomas Hitchock was arrested by an officer of General Smith's brigade near the Chain Bridge in Virginia the 3rd of July, 1861, and having been sent to Washington was committed by Justice Donn to the District Jail and from thence transferred November 1, 1861, by order of General Porter to the Old Capitol Prison. The charges against Hitchock were that he had conveyed information to the rebel army; with having been guilty of shooting Federal pickets, and hunting up Union men and causing them to be driven from their homes. The testimony of various persons to the above charges against Hitchock has been taken and is said to be on file in the office of Justice Donn, of Washington. The said Thomas Hitchock was released November 25, 1861, by order of Brigadier-General Porter, provost-marshal of Washington, on taking the oath of allegiance.

