
(Same to Secretary of the Interior, marshal of the United States for the southern district of New York and marshal of the United States for the district of Maryland, Baltimore.)

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, July 31, 1861.

The marshals of the United States in the vicinity of forts where political prisoners are held will supply decent lodging and subsistence for such prisoners unless they shall prefer to provide in those respects for themselves, in which cases they will be allowed to do so by the commanding officers in charge.

Approved, and the Secretary of State will transmit the order to marshals, the lieutenant-general and the Secretary of the Interior.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

Resolution adopted by the House of Representiatives August 1, 1861.

Whereas it is currently reported that the forces now in rebellion against the Government have imprisoned loyal citizens of the United States, and among others Honorable Alfred Ely, one of the members of this House:

Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish this House any information he may have upon this subject.

WASHINGTON, August 2, 1861.

TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

In answer to the resolution of the House of Representatives of yesterday requesting information regarding the imprisonment of loyal citizens of the United States by the forces now in rebellion against this Government, I transmit a report from the Secretary of State and the copy of a telegraphic dispatch by which it was accompanied.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 2, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the resolution of the House of Representatives of yesterday requesting the President to furnish to that House any information he may have in his possession on the subject of the forces now in rebellion against the Government having in imprisonment loyal citizens of the United States, and among others the Honorable Alfred Ely,* one of the members of the House of Representatives from the State of New York, has the honor to report to the President that the only information possessed by this Department on the subject is contained in a telegraphic dispatch, a copy of which is annexed.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

*Mr. Ely was captured at Bull Run July 21, 1861.

---------------

