
William H. Paton swears that he was guide for the Union pickets at night when Captain Sorrell, or Maine, commanded; that he took a man with him and watching after persons whom they saw. Heard a rumbling he raised up by the fence and was shot through the hand. Both of them (Patton and companion) retired about 100 yards into the thirty minutes after five men came along. They passed without being hailed by Patton. In one hour after they passed Hitchock came along when Patton halted him and he gave his name. This was about 2 a. m. Hitchock said he was going to market. Patton permitted him to pass. Shortly afterward Patton went to the fence bars and was fired at from the direction in which Hitchock had gone and from the same direction which the ball came which wounded his companion. Patton then retreated back and took another position away from the haycock where he and his companion had been seen by Hitchock. In about half an hour after changing positions Hitchock came along and commenced punching the haycock apparently looking for Patton and his companion. Not finding them he (Hitchock) after having tossed the hay about returned to the bars where he had a horse and wagon and where he remained talking with some persons for ten or fifteen minutes. He then retired and in half an hour afterward Patton went toward the bars when a man snapped a gun at him. Patton went toward the man when he ran, at which time the man was fired upon by one of our pickets. Three days after Patton was out with thirty cavalry when young Sorrell told him that he had seen Hitchock with a double barreled gun. They then found and arrested Hitchock, but at that time he had no gun and denied having had one but appeared a good deal flurried.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., October 21, 1861.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 15th instant I made and submitted to you a report in each of the cases of Alfred Nettleton and John W. Burson, both political prisoners then and now confined in the city jail. That since the making of said reports and in obedience to an order of yourself to me execute two orders of the Secretary of State both dated October 16, 1861, and each addressed to you I went to the city jail on the 18th instant for the purpose of having John W. Burson and Alfred Nettleton released from custody upon their taking the oath of allegiance. That upon arriving at the said jail I was admitted to an audience with the prisoners aforesaid whom I showed the form of oath to which they would be required to subscribe before being discharged. They both expressed themselves willing to take the oath, and they went with me to Justice Donn's the magistrate who had committed them, for the purpose of doing so. On arriving at Justice Donn's office I learned that Burson and Nettleton had been comitted to jail upon testimony which in my judgmen was sufficient to justify their being held in custody until I could make a further report on their cases to you. Accordingly I took the responsi-

