
bility of returning them both to the city jail and into the charge of the jailer. The following is a copy of a letter directed to you from Justice Donn, the original of which is on file in my office:

WASHINGTON, October 18, 1861.

Brigadier-General PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

SIR: The following is the testimony sent me by the clairman of the House investigation committee, Honorable John F. Potter:

Oath of John Hammond- I raised in this city. I know one A. Nettleton. He was formerly a messenger in the Navy Department and was removed for his disloyal sentiments. After his removal he was engaged in this city in persuading men to go into rebel army. I know this. He induceed one Benjamin Lum to go into the rebel army. I saw whim take Lum into his buggy and drive to the steam-boat wharf. Lum went on board and is now in the rebel army. Burson who now resides at Dorsey's Hotel in this city, corner of I am Seventh streats, receives letters from Lum. Burson was an intimate friend of Lum and has tohld me what Lum has written him. He said he (Lum) had written him when Jeff. Davis would be in Washington. Burson is writting all the time and I have no doubt but that he keeps up a constant correspondence with the rebels. Nettleton has been absent from this city for two or three months and Burson told me that he was at Richmond with Lum. He has recently returned here and is now with Burson at Dorsey's Hotel where I saw him. I have summoned Hammond before me to testify in their cases. I also have summoned a man named James Cannon and shall take their testimony and forward it to you.

Respectfully,

THOS. C. DONN,

Justice of the Peace.

The following is the substance of an affidavit made October 18 before Justice Donn; John Hammond swears that he knows both Burson and Nettleton; knows them to the disloyal to the Government; has heard Nettleton say he would not live under the present Government; knows that he carried Ben Lum to the steam-boat wharf to send him South, and that Nettleton he said he was going South; has heard Lum say he was a secessionist and was going South; heard Burson say ten days before the raising of a rebel flag in Connecticut that it would be raised, and it was raised in accordance with his prediction. Burson also said that Nettleton was at Harper's Ferry; knew that Burson refused to take the Oath of allegiance when in office.

The following is the substance of an affidavit made by James Cannon October 18, 1861, before Justice Donn: He swears that he knows both Nettleton and Burson from their conversation and conduct to be secessionists; heard Burson say that Davis would be here and would have been ere this if he could have got over the dead bodies at Bull Run; heard Burson say that within three weeks a secession flag would be raised in Connecticut and it was raised in accordance with his declaration; he said that Lincoln's effigy would be burned there; has heard Nettleton say, "Damn the Union," the South will whip hell out of us. "

Jim Green, another witness sworn before Justice Donn, October 18, 1861, states in substance that he knows Nettleton and Burson; has heard Nettleton say that though Northern born he had Southern principles.

T. W. Dorsey swears in substance that he knows Nettleton, Burson and Lum, the latter of whom had gone South and said to be in the Southern Army; knows that Nettleton took Lum to steam-boat wharf when he started South. Burson boarded with Dorsey and Dorsey knows that Burson corresponded with Lum while the latter was in the Southern Army. Burson became alarmed when Dorsey told him that he must stop the correspondence. Burson was clerk in the Navy Department and was turned out because he refused to take the oath of allegiance.

