
- Dated Montgomery, Ala., April 8, 1861, addressed to John W. Burson and signed by B. F. Lum. In this Lum strongly solicits Burson and Nettleton to send him money to keep him along till he can get good employ. Wishes that Burson could only be there to see the military display. He tells Burson he will tell him facts which he must keep profoundly secret; then goes on to say that as soon as any attack is made on the South President Davis will march on Washington with a large army of men; gives Burson the strongest assurances of the Southern movement on Washingtong. He says it is not known to many persons, and he found it out through the Department. He closes by urging Burson to write him and tell all about Washington and what is going on there.

Numbers 3. - Dated Montgomery, Ala., April 29, 1861, signed by B. F. Lum and addressed to John W. Burson. Lum is very sorry to inform Burson that all his effort to get a situation have failed; that all his - is spent, and that no chance will open a place for him until the volunteers leave for Virginia for there are two canditates for every vacancy; that he has about concluded to enlist in a rifle regiment; he is about as well satisfied with this as with any other position because he wants the pleasure of driving the "Goths and Vandals" from Washington; tells Burson he may rest assured in this being done ere long, and that when he (Burson) sees them he will acknowledge that they far exceed any military company in the metropolis; says he has a list of names down on his book for special attention when he gets to Washington; wants Burson and all his friens to be ready to receive the Alabama chivalry and patriotism; hopes to meet sosme of the wide-awakes; hopes T. W. Dorsey will not let them pass without some marks of respect and gratitude. (This Dorsey is keeper of the house where Burson, Nettleton and Lum were boarding in Washington on Seventh between I and K streets.) Says that Republicanism has come to the very end that he had always expected; tells Burson that he was badly treated by them in Washington and he intends revenge; wants to meet his old friends in Washington and see how they will look in the face of an extreme Southern army; promises Burson to drop him a line as soon as he reaches Virginia.

Numbers 4. - Dated Montgomery, Ala., May 1, 1861, B. F. Lum to John W. Burson. He says after writing the letter of April 29 he has changed his plan and will not start as soon for Virginia as he had before expected; says Burson must tell the boys "that we are coming to help them fight the battles of our good cause. " Says tell T. W. Dorsey not to be dismayed; that he will get something good from Jeff. Davis; says he will make it part of his business to see that the Southern troops to Dorsey and his property no serious damage.

Numbers 5. - Dated May 27, 1861. B. F. Lum to John W. Burson. Tells Burson that he is coming to see him once more. He will start to Virginia on Monday morning if God spares his life; says that on reaching Virginia he will write a note to Burson to let him know how he (Lum) likes army life; if he can get a furlough he is coming from Virginia to Washington; that he is to be a second lieutenant in rilfe company.

The foregoing was postmarked at Montgomery, Ala.

Numbers 6. - Dated Hartford, Conn., August 27, 1861. From A. Nettleton to John W. Burson. He acknowledges receipt of Burson's letter of the 20th instant, for which he tenders him thanks; was sorry to hear of Norris' death for "he was one of us" and could be illy spared; is sorry to heart that other friends were wounded in the Bull Run battle and were taken prisoners, and hopes they may yet live to have sweet revenge for all that they have suffered; is glad to hear that Dorsey is

