
coming to his senses, and hopes that hereafter Dorsey will see facts as they exist, and that his mind hereafter will be less changeable. He says that the action of the Administration for the last few weeks convinces him, as he has always said, that this war was one of subjugation and act restoration of the Union; that the subjugation was to abolish slavery, and this was the only object, which nobody can deny; and scoffs at the idea of this being a republican Government, and says that no crowned head in Europe would have dared to do what Lincoln had for he would lose his head in forty-eight hours; says Lincoln has comnitted acts that would damn him to hell; says his (Lincoln's) party will sustain him and they intend to lay aside all civil and institute military law; says that the Brigadgeport (Conn.) Farmer was attacked by a mob of 500 and entirely demolished, all because it favored the rights of the South, and for favoring the close of this war by a fair and honorable compromise; says that in expectation of an attack upon the office of the Harford Times there had been stationed in the building [men] determined to defend it while life lasted, and determined to sacrifice the three Republican offices if that of the Times was destroyed; says Burson tells him in his letter that B. F. Lum was in the battle of Bull Run, and he (Nettleton) expresses the hope that Lum enjoyed the satisfaction of knowing himself to be a good shot and that he "bagged some of the game. " Sends his kendest regards to his friends Marriott, and tell him the damned abolitionists are too hard for him here. Closes in a postscript saying that he will be in Washington before long, but asks Burson not to let anybody know about it.

Numbers 7. - Dated Wethersfield, Conn., August 9, 1861. A. Nettleton to J. W. Burson, Thomas Dorsey, of Dorsey's Hotel, corner Seventh and I streets. Inquires if Burson is in Washington, and if not what is his address; inquires also for the post-office address of Benjamin Dorsey and James Morris; also to know where Doctor Snowden is; says if the hard times go on much longer laboring classes will revolt; inquires if Dorsey has heard of Lum lately.

Numbers 8. - Dated Wethersfield, Conn., August 13, 1861. A. Nettleton to John W. Burson. Acknowledges Burson's letter of the 10th; says he has done but little for three months except to drink whisky; says he was glad to hear that the "damned sons of bitches of Yankees got defeated at Bull Run. " Says, "It would have suited me if every mother's son of them had been left dead on the battle-field. " Thinks the Yankees as a general thing are a poor, wortheless set of devils, of no use to themselves nor anybody else, and that they are worth 3 cents a pound more dead than alive; that at Bull Run they got what they justly deserved but not as much as he wished they had. Nettleton says he is coming to Washington in the course of three weeks and perhaps may go farther South.

The following is a paper found among Burson's letters and written in Burson's handwriting:

WASHINGTON, September 5, 1861.

Mr. JOHN W. BURSON.

DEAR SIR: You will please call at my headquarters. I wish to see you and employ you as a guide to go with me through to Fairfax as a guide and on the Junction.

Respectfully, yours,

McCLELLAN,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 9. - A note dated August 3, 1861, signed by John W. Burson and addressed to Honorable Simon Cameron, Secretary of War, states that he has heard the friends of the late Colonel Cameron are anxious to obtain his remains and offers his services to obtain the same.

