
Numbers 10. - This is an anonymous letter written in pencil addressed without date to John W. Burson. The writer states that he is about to communicate information to Burson of the greatest importance to the South and that he knows Burson's sympathies to be all with the South. He then goes on to say that he feels a hearty conviction of duty to forewarn the South of their impending danger, and that he selects Burson because he knows the latter carries in his bosom a Southern heart whose sympathies are wholly identified with them.

Says the writer:

Besides I have written to other gentlemen who have not received my letters or have deemed them unworthly of notice. I wrote a letter to Governor Wise last fall prior to the invasion by John Brown, which he needed not. More latterly I wrote one to Governor Floyd stating that there was a plot on foot in the Northwest to invade the South in case of Lincoln's election to whip them into subjection and free the slaves. Mr. Floyd has not received my letter or he has deemed it unworthy of notice. This information I now communicate to you hoping that you will place it in the hands of some Southern gentleman of influence who will exhort the South, especially Virginia, to prepare for the worst, for I call upon high heaven to witness what I have stated is true. I have traveled over the greater portions of Illinois and Ohio and heard it intimated a thousand times. A short time since in Ashtabula County, Ohio, at a political meeting resolution were adopted to invade the State of Virginia between now and the 4th of March or about that time.

On a part of the same sheet is a note written and signed by J. W. Burson addressed to Miss Parsons apologizing for an insulting remark made about her as she was passing by where Burson and another gentleman stood. This note is dated "Washington, D. C., Wednesday morn, 31. "

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 25, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: Having examined the cases of John W. Burson, Alfred Nettleton and Thomas Hitchock I have to inform you that they cannot be released.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: You will please transfer * * * John W. Burson and Alfred Nettleton. * * * to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSION

RELATING TO POLITICAL PRISONERS,

Washington, March 25, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &amp;c.

SIR: You will please discharge Alfred Nettleton * * * prisoners confined in the Old Capitol Military Prison on their giving their paroles of honor not to render any aid or comfort to the enemies in hostily to the Government of the United States.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

