
WASHINGTON, March 25, 1862.

I, Alfred Nettleton, of Hartford, Conn., do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

ALFRED NETTLETON.

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSION

RELATING TO POLITICAL PRISONERS,

Washington, March 26, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &amp;c.

SIR: You will please discharge John W. Burson, a prisoner confined in the Old Capitol Military Prison, on his giving his parole of honor that he will not render any aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

WASHINGTON, March 26, 1862.

I, John W. Burson, of the county of Loundon, Va., do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid of comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

JOHN W. BURSON.

Case of Richard Thomas (Zarvona).

This person, who was indicted by the name of Richard Thomas but who signs his name as Zarvona, was arrested early in July, 1861, and imprisoned at Fort McHenry from whence he was afterward removed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with piracy and with being a spy. He was afterward indicted in the U. S. district court for the district of Maryland for treason in committing the act of piracy alleged against him, namely, the surprise and capture of the steam-boat Saint Nicholas* by taking passage on board of here disguised in female attire, with a large force or band of Confederates disguised as laborers or mechanics, and after departure on the voyage rising upon the master and crew and taking said vessel by force into their possession and into a portion of the State of Virginia then in rebellion. The evidence upon which the said indicment is founded has not been sent to the State Department. It is not know that the defendant has been arraigned on said indictment. The military authorities at Baltimore have objected to Thomas being exchanged, prefering that he be put on trial for the offenses of piracy and being a spy to treating him as a prisoner of war. The said Thomas remained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -

From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

---------------

* The Saint Nicholas was seized June 28, 1861, but no report of the affair can be found in the War Department. But see Naval W. R. Vol. IV, p. 549 et seq.

---------------

