
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 31, 1861.

(Received August 1.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

I am here a prisoner. Ely, Arnold Harris and Magraw are also here.

C. HUSON, JR.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 5, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In reply to your note of this morning* I respectfully suggest that among the persons who have just arrived at New York from California, mentioned in the newspaper slip inclosed in that note, I think it desirable that John Adams, a native of Tennessee, who recently resigned a captaincy in the U. S. First Regiment of Dragoosn, be arrested and held a political prisoner, as I do not doubt that he designs to take service in the rebel army against us. There is no similar reason for confining medical officers even when taken as prisoners of war.

I have the honor to be, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 5, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

SIR: * * * The general also directs that you receive and take charge of any political prisoners or prisoners of war who may be delivered or sent to you by the U. S. marshal or by any department commander.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM STUART, &c.

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your note* of the 1st instant, setting forth that British officers and seamen captured in vessels charged with attempting to run the blockade have without necessity been confined in military prisons and common gaols as prisoners of war; that they have been robbed of their effects, and that an attempt appears to have been made to get certain colored seamen of the Mersey out of the way in order to prevent their giving testimony in favor of the owners.

In reply I have the honor to acquaint you that Her Majesty's Government does no more than justice to the Government of the United States in supposing that it could never sanction such practices and that if in any case it shall be made to appear that a British subject has been treated with undue harshness all proper reparation shall be made. Immediate inquiry with this view shall consequently at once be made

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

