
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 28, 1862.

Brigadier General W. W. MORRIS, U. S. Army,

Fort McHenry, Md.:

Send to this office without delay all the papers on file at Fort McHenry relating to the case of Zarvona alias Thomas.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[No date.]

Colonel Thomas Zarvona, confined at Baltimore as a political prisoner, was an officer in the Confederate service when captured. If evidences of this fact are needed they will be produced. His exchange for an equivalent is asked.

ROBT. OULD,

[Confederate] Agent, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, November 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: There are six sailors in custody at Fort McHenry detained as witnesses in the case of Thomas alias Colonel Zarvona alias the French lady, who is indicted for piracy. These men have now been in custody for several months. Their clothes are worn out. Some of them have wives and children without the means of support. They are entitled to a per diem allowance during their detention, and the U. S. district judge would have ordered it to be paid to them if they had been in the custody of the court. Will you please to give the necessary direction for the relief of these men who are detained by the Government for its own benefit and who ought at least to receive the allowance to which they are entitled by law.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 2, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a memorandum* which has been submitted to me by Mr. Schleiden, the minister from Belgium, relative to John Henry Bargfried who is supposed to be in confinement at Fort McHenry. Will you please ascertain whether his testimony against Colonel Thomas is material. If it is I will thank you to see that he is provided with necessary clothing and that his confinement is made as comfortable as is consistent with his safekeeping. If on the contrary you should come to the conclusion that his testimony is immaterial or unnecessary you may release him.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

