HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., December 2, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MORRIS, Commanding Fort McHenry, Baltimore.

COLONEL: You will please have ready for embarking on the New York steamer which leaves here at 2. 30 p. m. the following-named political prisoners now confined in Fort McHenry to be taken to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor: Richard Thomas Zarvona. * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, December 3, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have this morning received from General Dix the following prisoners from Fort McHenry and have sent them to Fort Lafayette: Richard Thomas Zarvona. * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter* of the 22nd ultimo addressed by me to the Secretary of War in relation to the six sailors at Fort McHenry detained as witnesses in the case of Colonel (Zarvona) Thomas. John Henry Bargfried, referred to in your letter of the 2nd instant, is one of these six persons. At my request Colonel Morris, commanding at Fort McHenry, has examined the case and makes the following report:

The within-named John Henry Bargfried is an important witness in the case of Colonel Thomas alias Zarvona. He together with the other witnesses in the same case was for a length of time after his reception at this post allowed the liberty of the public grounds and lodged and fed as comfortably as the men of the garrison. He made his escape from the post and proceeded to Baltimore where he was arrested by the police and brought back, since which he has been more closely confined but only with such restrictions as are necessary to prevent his escape. The food furnished him has been in all respects the same as that provided for the troops, but I respectfully recommend that he be furnished with suitable clothing.

In accordance with the recommendation in my letter to the Secretary of War I trust these men may receive the per diem allowance to which they are entitled as several of them have wives and children. As they are shut up and can earn nothing by their labor they ought to receive the compensation which is allowed them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LAFAYETTE, December 10, 1861.

Honorable M. F. ODELL, Member of Congress, Washington.

DEAR SIR: * * * I see by to-day's papers that Congres is taking some steps toward an exchange. Independent from that I am well satisfied that if the authorities will consent to an exchange of one

---------------

* Omitted here. See p. 382.

---------------

