
person now in confinement (not as a prisoner of war taken with arms) that for him Colonel A. M. Wood and all the privates and members of the Fourteenth [Eighty-fourth] will be given. I will give the name with the understanding that no publicity shall be given but the case to be kept as secret as possible. I refer to Richard T. Zarvona confined in the next room to mine. I know of what I write. * * * Any communication in relation to the above address me and if the authorities consent obtain the necessary permit to obtain the necessary authority from him. If nothing can be done either for Colonel Wood and Fourteenth [Eighty-fourth] or the other party destroy this. I would suggest you to see personally the authorities as it is at his request that this matter be kept as secret as possible. Excuse the composition of this as I havfe written without copy. Please write me.

Yours, most truly,

WM. H. SUYDAM.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 11, 1861.

Mr. R. SCHLEIDEN, Minister Resident.

SIR: Referring to your memorandun of the 22nd ultimo I have the honor to inform you that I have made inquiries of Major-General Dix concerning John Henry Bargfried and an informed that he is regarded as an important witness in the case of Colonel Thomas (Zarvona) and that after his reception at Fort McHenry he was allowed the liberty of the public grounds and was treated in every respect as the men of the garrison were until he made his escape. Since his rearrest he has been more closely confined but only to such an extent as is deemed necessary to prevent him from again escaping. I have also to state that General Dix informs me that he has recommended the Secretary of War to allow Mr. Bargfried a per diem for the time he is necessarily held as a witness. This if allowed will be amply sufficient to provide him with any comforts he may need. He has already been provided with clothing.

I am, sir, with high consideration, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

89 MADISON STREET, New York, December 13, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

HONORED SIR: The inclosed letter from a witness confined in Fort McHenry to his wife in this city is of a character to require the immediate attention of the proper authorities. The writer is a seman, a member of my congregation. He is not accused of crime and yet appears to be treated worse than those who are traitors to our Government. Will you for the sake of his wife and three children who are now suffering for bread and for the sake of our common humanity read this letter and see that inquiry is made into the case?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. JONES,

Pastor of the Mariner's Church.

[Inclosure.]

FORT MCHENRY, November 26, 1861.

MY DEAR WIFE: In my last I informed you that the trial was put back until next April and that I had promise of having something done for us, but as yet nobody has been here and I am as a loss what

