
we lead. If you could get a lawyer to take your case in hand I thinks the Government would have to support you. I continue to enjoy good health, and I hope this will find you all well.

I remain, your affectionate husband,

CHARLES WILSON.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, December 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to return papers inclosed to me in relation to Charles Wilson and M. J. Koldenback. * Of the latter we have no knowledge whatever. He has never been confined at Fort McHenry. May he not be at the Old Capitol Prison in Washington? Wilson is one of the witnesses detained by the Government in the case of Thomas alias Zarvona, referred to in my letter to you of December 9 and in my letter to the Secretary of War of the 22nd of November last, inclosed in mine to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT LAFAYETTE, December 22, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF STATE, U. S. A.

SIR: I have been held as a prisoner of state as I have been unoficially informed for five months and a half. My health which for several years has been delicate now causes me great suffering. I request you to release me upon parole. I will offer you guarantees which I believe you will consider sufficient that any obligation which I enter upon will be faithfully kept.

Respectfully, the colonel,

ZARVONA.

Numbers 9 MONROE STREET, New York, January 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Please excuse me, but necessity compels me to call your attention once more to the case of Charles Wilson, my husband, now in prison to wait the trial of Thomas the rebel. He is witness against him, and has been in prison at Baltimore since July last. The particulars of the case were sent to you some time in November last by Captain Joseph O' Donoghue, of Company C, Eighty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, and I have been patiently waiting ever since for his release. Wilson was a hand on board of the schooner Margaret, of Boston, when taken by Thomas. Please let him come home or please let me known why not. My three children have been sick for some time and two at present lie at the point of death, and myself in a state of destitution, and have I might say no aid at all. It depends on you whether we live or die. For God's sake let my husband come home.

MRS. C. A. WILSON.

---------------

* No papers found relating to Koldenback.

---------------

