
and if you can conscientiously do so aid the cause of humanity by laying the matter before the Secretaries of War and State at Washington.

Your friends and obedient servant,

R. W. RASIN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 4, 1862.

Honorable CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary of the Interior.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose a letter from William Gitting, who is detained at Fort McHenry, Baltimore, by the Government of the United States as a witness against Colonel Thomas alias Zarvona alias the French lady. There are other persons similarly detained in the same case all of whom are represented to be poor men and some of them having families that are in a suffering condition. General Dix recommends the payment to all of these witnesses of a per diem allowance to which they are entitled. It seems to me that this recommendation is reasonable and that the payment should be promptly made. I inclose also a letter* from Captain O' Donoghue relative to the case of Charles Wilson, another witness similarly detained.

Will you have the kindnes to return these inclosures?

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

FORT McHENRY, MD., Februay 4, 1862.

Major General JOHN A DIX.

HONORABLE SIR: I respectfully solicit your kind attention after a confinement of seven months, as I am entirely destitute of clothing and other necessaries of life. I am held as a witness against Colonel Thomas, of the rebel army, who stands indicted for piracy. I lost a great amount of my clothing when he took possession of the vessel where I was employed, and since being detained in this fort I have not received the least piece of clothing or one cent of money. I pray that you may kindly intercede in my behalf and please let me know whether anything can be done.

With the greatest respect, your humble servant,

W. GITTING,

Witness against Colonel Thomas.

FORT McHENRY, February 4, 1862.

FREDERICK BERNAL, Esq., &amp;c.

DEAR SIR: I, the undersigned, most respectfully inform you that on the 8th of July, 1861, I was detained here as a witness against Colonel Thomas (the French lady). I was a seaman on board the schooner Mary Pierce, of Boston, which was captured by Colonel Thomas on the 29th of June in the Chesapeake and made a prize to the Confederates. On my return here in the steamer Mary Washington Colonel Thomas was a passenger in her likewise. He was arrested here and myself and five others were kept as witnesses against him. During all this time, now near seven months, I have not been able to receive any money or clothing although I have often made application for it an I am now in most destitute circumstances. I most humbly beg of you, sir, if it be in your power to interfere for me and if possible get me part of my pay.

---------------

* Not inclosed.

---------------

