
I am a British subject, been in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Hoping you will kindly take my case in hand and relieve me from suffering.

I am, &amp;c.,

THOMAS INGRAM.

FORT LAFAYETTE, February 6, 1862.

WILLIAM H. SUYDAM, Esq.,

Howard House, East New York.

DEAR SIR: When I last saw you in this fort you made a proposition to exchange a friend of yours for Colonel Zarvona. I then said I could not mention it to the colonel, but if you could do so I would answer for the colonel. I now say if Colonel Corcoran is the friend I can get the exchange if permitted to go to Richmodn. I am as confident as I exist that if there is a man the colonel is that man. I write without his knowledge. Please answer as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. W. RASIN.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 14, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter* from one of the sailors who have been held in confinement at Fort McHenry for several months as witnesses in the case of Colonel Zarvona alias Thomas, and to renew my repeated requests that these unfortunate men may be paid in order that the may provide themselves with necessary clothing and to something for the support of their families.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: Will you have the kindness to inform this Department whether in your judgment Colonel Thomas alias Zarvona alias the French lady ought to be transferred to the list of prisoners of war?

I have the honor to be, &c.,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 20, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to return the letter of Colonel Thomas (or Zarvona) +referred tome on the 10th instant. I did not report on it in consequence of the illness of the U. S. district attorney whom I wished to see. Two days ago the Secretary of War submitted to me the inquiry whether Thomas should be transferred to the list of pris-

---------------

* Omitted as unimportant.

+ Not found, but see Zarvona to Secretary of State, December 22, 1861, p. 386, and also of January 9, 1862, p. 387.

---------------

