
BALTIMORE, April 3, 1862.

Colonel BURKE.

SIR: I have written to Colonel Wood, also Lieutenant Wood, to know how my son, Colonel Zarvona, is situated. My letters have not been noticed by either Colonel or Lieutenant Wood. Excuse a mother's

anxiety in requesting you to inform me of the situation of my son; also the state of his health. Knowing the active mind that my son has I fear much the effect of solitary confinement on his mind. Direct Mrs. R. Thomas, care of St. George W. Teackle, corner of Courtland and Lexington streets, Baltimore, Md.

Yours, respectfully,

Mrs. R. THOMAS.

P. S. - Please let me know if he received my several letters dated March, &amp;c., a suit of clothes, &c., sent by Adams Express March 22, 1862.

APRIL 9, 1862.

Major-General DIX and Honorable Mr. PIRREPONT.

SIRS: Presuming that you have no idea where I am inform you that I am at the house of detention. I am subject to additonal inconveniences and am very unwell. I request you to return me to my former prison. You will oblige me by allowing me to go unattended, and I will report myself this day to the lieutenant commanding, Wood.

Respectfully,

ZARVONA.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, April 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Inclosed you will receive the report of an attempt to escape by a well-known state prisoner from Fort Lafayette. Not the slightest blame in my opinion can be imputed to my officer in command of that post. Unofortunately of fortunately one of the enew soldiers instead of one of the old garrison was sent with him to the water closet by the sergeant of the guard. Had it been one of the latter he would have been shot at once. It was a stormy night, tide ebb and the wind blowing out of the harbor; a few minutes more and he must have been drowned, and it was not by any means a night suitable for lowering a boat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

FOR LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, April 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, Third Artillery, U. S. Army,

Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report: At half past 9 o'clock last night Richard Thomas Zarvona, the French lady, a prisoner in close confinement at this post, informed the sergeant of the guard that he wanted to go the water closed. The sergeant sent him out attended by a member of the guard; when he had reached the water closet (which is situated on the sea-wall) instead of entering it he

