
jumped overboard and attempted to escape by swimming to the Long Island shore. The guard immediately gave the alarm, when the barge belonging to the post was manned and he was recaptured before he has succeeded in getting but a short distance. To prevent a recurrence of this I have had a police tub placed in his room.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: In reply to your letter of June 24 concerning a pass said to have been given Mrs. Thomas to visit her son, the French lady, the Secretary of War directs that you revoke and take up the pass referred to and hold as before the prisoner Zarvona in close confinement; also that should any passes be presented to visit the said Zarvona you transmit them to Washington for authentication and instruction before permitting them to go into effect.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, July 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington City, D. C.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from the War Department dated JUne 27, 1862, Washington City, signed E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, directing all passes for the French lady to be sent to Washington City for verification, I herewith inclose one from the War Department allowing Mrs. Richard Thomas and Mrs. Henry W. Thomas to visit Zarvona, a prisoner at Fort Lafayette. Please telegraph an answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

WASHINGTON, July 10, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton:

Two passes have been issued to enable parties to see a prisoner at Fort Lafayette,- one of them calling himself Thoma, which you declined to recognize because as is said he had been committed by the name of Zarvona, and the other calling him Zarvona which it is alleged you have also refused to recognize. Please advise the Department of the difficulty in the premises.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. P. WOLCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

