
compatible with the public interests an advantageous exchange can be effected for him. I understand from Captain Mulford, the officer who brought down Feneral Pope's officers, that Mr. Ould informed him an exchange coudl be speedily effected for them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General, Seventh Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort McHenry, Md., September 28, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram received this moment, 5. 30 p. m., and inclose you the papers relating to the case of Zarvona alias Richard Thomas of Maryland. The paper signed "R. " and addressed to "Dear John" supposed to be his cousin, was found in a book belonging to Zarvona. The handwriting I think can be proved to be Zarvona's. The witnesses in the case are here and ready at any time to give testimony to the capture of the steamer Saint Nicholas, &amp;c., by Colonel Thomas alias Zarvona. Lieutenant Kibbe will hand you this.

Respectfully,

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA TO RICHARD THOMAS ZARVONA,

greeting:

Know you that from special trust and confidence reposed in your fidelity, courage and good conduct our governot in pursuance of the authority vested in him by an ordinance of the convention of the State of Virginia doth commission you a colonel in the active volunteer forces of the State to rank as such from the 1st day of July, 1861.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my name as governor and caused the seal of the Commonwealth to be affixed this 2nd day of July, 1861.

JOHN LETCHER.

CITY OF RICHMOND, VA., to wit:

This day appeared before me, Joseph Mayo, mayor of the city of Richmond, Richard Thomas Zarvona and qualified to the within commission by taking the oaths prescribed by law.

Given under my hand this 2nd day of July, A. D. 1861.

JOSEPH MAYO,

Mayor.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, July 3, 1861.

Permit Colonel R. T. Zarvona, of the Potomac Zouaves, to pass at will free over the roads and rivers of this Commonwealth upon his own certificate, and upon like certificate pass his men and baggage. All officers, civil and military, will respect him and give him such facilities as he may require in their power to afford.

By order:

S. BASSETT FRENCH,

Aide-de-Camp to Governor of Virginia.

Approved:

JOHN LETCHER.

