
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, February 2, 1863.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY, U. S. Army,

Washington City, D. C.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 30th day of January, 1863, inclosing a resolution * of Congress. I have the honor herewith to forward an answer to that communication accompanied by a surgeon's certificate with regard to the health of Mr. Thomas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, February 2, 1863.

Colonel M. BURKE, Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Hamilton.

COLONEL: In obedience to the instructions this day received from you I have the honor to report the following, viz:

Richard Thomas Zarvona was committed to this fort on the 3rd day of December, 1861, and was allowed the same privileges as the other prisoners until the 3rd day of March, 1862, on which date he was placed in close confinement by order of the Secretary of War dated 28th day of February, 1862; after that date he was not allowed to leave his room except to go to the water closet (which is situated on the sea-wall) in charge of a member of the guard, of which privilege he took advantage on the night of the 30th day of April, 1862, and attempted to escape by jumping overboard and swimming to the Long Island shore. Since that time he has not been out of his room except to see his mother who visited him in October last by permission of the Secretary of War.

The room he is confined in is one of those intended for quarters, twenty-five feet long and fifteen feet wide, with three windows, one of which is closed becuase it opens upon the court where the other prisoners exercise; the others are open. The room is the same which Senator Wall (with several others) occupied while confined here. He is not allowed communication with any one except the officers of the post and non-commissioned officers of the guard.

He is permitted to supply himself through the commanding officer of the post with anything he may wish I the way of food, in addition to the regular ration which is issued to him, and clothing. He is not permitted the use of paper or books as he has taken advantage of these privilege to communicate with parties outside.

As regards his health I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Acting Assistant Surg. W. H. Studley who is surgeon of the post.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, February 2, 1863.

Colonel M. BURKE:

In obedience to your orders I have this day examined Colonel Richard Thomas Zarvona, C. S. Army, and find that his health is generally good; according to his own admission that it is better than when he entered the fort.

---------------

*See Senate resolution, p. 403.

---------------

