
In reference to his mental condition I find him social and rational, but somewhat eccentric in s ome of his ideas, and yet no more so than in thousands who may be said to be born with a certain turn of character.

Therefore in my opinion I should deem his pculiarities perfectly consistent with sanity of mind.

Respectfully, yours,

W. H. STUDLEY, M. D.,

Acting Assistant Surgeon, U. S. Army.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, February 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: About a month since I cut from the Chronicle of this city the following purporting to [be] the latest news from Richmond:

One hundred and eighteen men captured by the Vigrinia Line at Petersburg and at Pikeville, Ky., are confined at Richmond, and the governor has announced to President Lincoln* the terms upon which such exchange can alone be made. * * *

He also holds in solitary confinement Captain Thomas Damron and Lieutenant W. Damron, and Privates John W. Howe, Isaac Goble, David B. [V.] Auxier, Samuel Pack, and William S. Dils as hostages for Zarvona. * * *

Very respectfully,

JAMES R. MORRIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, February 16, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM HOFFMAN, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

COLONEL: I shall go to City Point to-morrow to meet Mr. Ould. * * * The Sectretary of War desired me to ascertain the best exchange for Zarvona. * * *

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant Colonel and Inspector-General Seventh Army Corps,

Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, D. C., February 27, 1863.

Honl JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL.

SIR: The foregoing list,+ names of prisoners caputred in Wayne County, Va., and Lawrence County, Ky. ; the first mentioned are confined in the pnintentiary, held as hostages for prisoners confined by our Government. Captain Damron's letter from Richmond does not state for whom they are held, except the two first mentioned. I am acquainted with most of the perosns named in this list and know that they have served as home guards and have been of great service to the Union cause in that vicinity by scouting and watching rebel cavalry and giving information to officers of the regular troops, and they probably can only be exchanged for guerrillas confined by our Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. V. WHALEY.

---------------

*See p. 401, et seq., for letter to Lincoln, January 2, 1863.

+Omitted. See inclosure following.

---------------

