
Kentucky Volunteers; Lieutenant David V. Auxier, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers; Privates J. W. Howe, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers; William S. Dils, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers; Samuel Pack, Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

May 21, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Ludlow, agent for exchange of prisoners.

I am unable to find anything on the records to show whether the within named have been delivered or not.

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

[Second indorsement.]

FORT MONROE, May 26, 1863.

The officers and men within named have been released and declared exchanged.

WM. H. LUDLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

RICHMOND, July 25, 1861.

[Governor JOHN LETCHER.]

SIR: I was requested before leaving Baltimore on the 17th instant by John L. Thomas, esq., counsel of Colonel Richard Thomas Zarvona, to make to you the following statement of the treatment he has received of the Federal officers since his capture and confinement in Fort McHenry:

He with six others is confined in a dungeon having no ventilation except through the door, and from 7 p. m. to 7 a. m. is locked up in cell opening from the same dungeon. The only aperture to this cell by which light and air are admitted is a square of ratehr less than a foot in the door covered with zinc through which small holes are punched. His commission was taken from him at the time of his seizure. He declined to accept the privilege of the fort on his parole saying he desired to have a precedent established by the Federal authorities of the treatment of officers of his rank. On being remonstrated with for the unnecessary strctness of his confinement Major Morris, commandant, styled him apirate and thought the treatment better than he deserved. His meals are served from the officers' mess.

Very respectfully,

W. C. HALL.

FORT LAFAYETTE, U. S. A., December 7, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War, C. S. A., Richardson, Va.

SIR: I am compelled by the state of my health to call your special attention to my case. For about five months I have been in close confinement and recently with winter fast approaching have been transferred to this fort. My health for some years past delicate is failing

