
and unless some arrangements can be made to effect my early exchange I have great cause for serious apprehensions. I was arested while on special duty, and there is no reason why I should be treated in any way different from a prisoner of war. My services to my Government are well known and I think might reasonably entitle me to an early exchange. His excellency Governor Letcher is acquianted with the circumstances of my case and I tak the liberty of ereferring to him as to the justice of my claims for some special effort in my behalf. I desire that my name be placed among the first on the list of prisoners to be exchanged and that I shall have the full benefit of the long time I have been already a prisoner.

I am, with great respect, your very obedient servant, the colonel,

ZARVONA.

FORT LAFAYETTE, U. S. A., December 7, 1861.

His Excellency Governor LETCHER.

DEAR SIR: I have been transferred to this fort as you may possibly have heard. l My health is seriously affected and the prospect of passing the winter in this climate far from satisfactory. I have this day addressed a communication to Mr. Secretary Benjamin requesting that my name should be placed in the list of prisoners to be exchanged, and that some special effort should be made in my behalf. You know how far I am entitled to this consideration, and I would respectfully request you to see the President and the Secretary of War and endeavor to have something done for me.

With regards to my friends, I am, with just respect, yours, truly, the colonel,

ZARVONA.

CAMP MARYLAND,

Near Winchester, Va., November 18, 1862.

Lieutenant General T. J. JACKSON,

Commanding Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

SIR: I have the honor to request for my borther, Sergt. J. William Thomas, Company A, First Maryland Battalion, such assignment to sepcial duty or leave of absence as will enable him to visit Richmond for the purpose of seeing Mr. Davis relative to t he case of our brother, Colonel Zarvona, now for more than sixteen months an inmate of a Northern prison, and subject to more of maltreatment and cruel hardship than one could deem possible as coming from a people claiming Christinaity and civilization did not testimony not to be doubtled proclaim it.

It may be proper for me to mention that I have seen Mr. Davis several times upon the subject but have never been able to get anything more satisfactory than a fromal demand on the part of our agents under the cartel for the exchange of prisoners for the release of my brother. This demand was made about the latter part of August last. I immediately notified my friends in Maryland of the fact, requesting them to bring what influence they could to bear upon the Government at Washington. They were told through the presetn representative of my district in the Federal Congress (Charles B. Calvert) that "the Government had decided not to release Colonel Zarvona. " I have within the past few days received letters from home giving in part an account of a visit my mother was permitted to pay her son after so long a time of painful separation. I

