
beg to inlcose you an extract fro the same. I think, sir, you will feel that this matter appeals mot strongly to our Government for prompt action. My brother and I both think that the presence of one or the other of us might be of avail in Richmond toward such action. I trust you will find it agreeable to your sense of duty to grant this request and I will further ask that you fu with such letters as will tend to facilitate his efforts in Richmond.

I hope I do not ask too much for I speak to you not only as to my commanding officer bvut as to one of influence who can do much toward relieving the unmerited sufferings of a noble-hearted man who risked very much for the cause in which we are now enlisted, and who is now and has been for a long time treated as a common felon for doing what his country applauded.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. THOMAS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant First Maryland Battalion.

[Inclosure.]

Your monther obtained last week a permit to visit Cousin Dick. they would allow no one else to see him. * * * When she got to Fort Lafayette she was taken to Wood's (the commander) office. * * * When he came in she did not recognize him at first he was so changed. He looked so tall and was very thin and emaciated and had hardly strength to speak. His hand which you know was short and plump is now long and bony. He held her hand all the time. She asked him how he was. He said he was as well as could be xpected shut up without light or air, his cell partly under water, with a place about the size of a dollar to admit the light; on cloudy days he could not see to walk about his room. * * * Aunt Jane has beens ending him money all the time and he would never have known it if she had not seen him. At the end of half an hour she was told that the time was out; she asked if she could not stay longer. They said no, and he was marched off to his dark and gloomy cell. Aunt Jane says if he is kept there two months longer he cannot stand it; it must kill him. * * * It is your mother's request that I write you. She is took sick tow rite herself. She has been sick every since her return. * * *

SENATE CHAMBER, Richmond, Va., March 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

SIR: The Committee on Confederate Relations of this body would feel obliged (if convenient to yourself) that you would respknd to the inquiry whether in the event of the transfer of prisoners held by the State authorities to the Confederate Government a sufficient number of officers will be held as hostages for the release of Colonel Zarvona, Captain Duskey and Lieutenant Early reply will oblige the committee.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. D. DICKINSON,

Chairman of Committee.

[Indorsement.]

No officers set apart as hostages for Colonel Z. and I had supposed. We suggest that officers be selected, set apart by State government, before turning over prisoners to Confederate Government. This course would relieve the subject of difficulty.

J. A. SEDDON.

