
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, March 13, 1863.

A. D. DICKINSON, Esq., Chairman, &amp;c., Virginia Senate.

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 12th instant I have the honor to say that on inquiry I learn from Mr. Ould, commisioner of exchange, that no officers have been set apart as hostages for Colonel Zarvona as I had supposed. I would suggest that officers be selected by the State authorities as hostages for Colonel Zarvona, Captain Duskey and Lieutenant Varner before the prisoners are turned over to the Confederate Government. This course would relieve the Department of considerable difficulty, as the persons selected would come into our possession with the liability attached to them by the State government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, May 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I respectfully recommend that of the Federal officers now held by us a sufficient number be set aside to retaliate for the unjust detention of the following named persons, all of whom have been in prison for more than six months and all of whom are laready declared exchanged by the Federal agent of exchange, to wit: * * * Colonel Zarvona (Thomas), Fort Delaware. * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Richmond, May 16, 1863.

ROBERT OULD, Esq., Agent for Exchange of Prisoners.

SIR: Your letter to the governor* dated the 13th instant has been received at this department, and in the absence of the governor I have the honor to state that on the 6th instant the governor transmitted to the superintendent of the penitentiary the following paper:

MAY 6, 1863.

Hostages for Colonel Zarvona: Captain Thomas Damron, Lieutenant Wilson Damron, Lieutenant David V. Auxier, Lieutenant Isaac Goble, Privates Sauel Pack, William S. Dils, J. W. Howe. Colonel Bass will at once release the prisoners named herein and hand them over to the Confederate authorities for exchange for Zarvona.

JOHN LETCHER.

Upon this paper is indorsed the following:

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, Richmond, Va., May --, 1863.

Will Colonel Bass please deliver to bearer, Sergeant Hite, the within-named prisoners?

Respectfully,

T. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

Upon the same paper is the following:

MAY --, 1863.

Received the within-mentioned prisoners.

T. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

