
The superintendent of the penitentiary, Colonel Bass, informs me that the prisoners were delivered according to the copy of the foregoing receipt. He states that the men all answered totheir names in the order in which they stand on the preceding list. The only discrepancy being that the man who is designated by you as William G. Dils answered to his name as William S. Dils. These papers show that the prisoners were turned over by order of the governor to the Confederate authorities to be exchanged. I presume therefore the exchange has been made, or if not that Captain Turner can give the necessary explanation.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, Va., May 16, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Captain Thomas P. Turner, commanding Libby Prison.

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

[Second indorsement.]

C. S. MILITARY PRISON, May 17, 1863.

The within-mentioned officers were paroled May 5, 1863. The men mentioned within as privates gave in their names as citizens when they were received at this prison. They were paroled and sent hom by flag of truce May 15, 1863, as citizen prisoners. They were captured in Floyd County, Ky., December 4, 1862.

THOS. P. TURNER,

Captain, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS,

Richmond, Va., May 18, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel William H. Ludlow, agent of exchange.

ROBERT OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

Case of Purcell M. Quillen.

Purcell M. Quillen was arrested in Washington by order of General Scott and forwarded to Fort Fayette where he was committed July 22, 1861. He was charged with being a rebel spy and coming North from his home in Charleston, S. C., for the purpose of purchasing military equipments and engaging workmen to go South to manufacture knapsacks. Quillen confessed to a Government employe while en route to New York that he served for three months in the Confederate Army and participated in the bombardment of Fort Sumter, but claimed that he was pressed into the service by the vigilance committee of Charleston, and although a British subject was informed by Mr. Bunch, the British consul, that he must obey the committee. He was released August 7, 1861, by order of General Scott on the ground that he was a British subject. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

