
DISTRICT OF COLUBMIA, Washington County, ss.:

Be it known that on this 28th day of June, A. D. 1861, before the undersigned, a notary public in and for said ocunty, personally appeared Purcell M. Quillen and makes oath in due form of law that he has not been engaged in any contraband business and that he has not done anything hostile to the Government of the United States; that he will not hereafter in any way by act or word do anything hostile to the Government of the United States.

P. M. QUILLEN.

Subscribed and sworn before me.

N. CALLAN,

Notary Public.

[WASHINGTON, June 29, 1861.]

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In obedience to your request I have taken the statement of Purcell M. Quillen in relation to himself and the circumstances connected with his arrest on the suspicion of his being a spy. The foregoing [following] statement is the account which he gives of himself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. GODDARD,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON COUNTY JAIL,

Washington City, June 29, 1861.

Minutes of a preliminary examination of Purcell M. Quillen, arrested on suspicion of being a spy, had before Captain John H. Goddard, justice of the peace:

I was born in Ireland. Am not naturalized. Am twenty-four years of age; about fourteen years in America. Am employed in the carpet trade at Charleston in the house of Lambert &amp; Howell. Received my passport from the British consul, Mr. Bunch, at Charleston, about four weeks ago. Am not married. Have been at New York City. Had a letter with me from Mr. Bunch to Lord Lyons to facilitate my progress or to help me along. Did not present that letter until I returned here yesterday. Came here Thursday night; left New York wednesday evening; did not stop any time in Baltimore; have some relatives there and dined with them; have lived there; have lived in New York previous to my living in Charleston; have lived in Charlston about eleven months; have been engaged with the above house since I went to Charleston. In visiting New York in object was merely to visit my friends. I thought that perhaps the presetn troubles might be soon settled and I found I could do but little at Charleston. I still hold my situation at Charleston if I should return. I expected to get a commission in the U. S. Army through the influence of Mr. Hosea Perkins, who is acquianted with Honorable Dan. Sickles, but I got no satisfaction in that way and I determined to return to Charleston. I did not represent myself to the British consul as a married man. In speaking of my family I meant my friends. I sign my name Quillen; my brother sings his McQuillen. I have one brother in the Eighth New York Regiment. I received a pakcage of letters (shown) from Mr. Monson, secretary of legation (British) here. In order to deliver it with another letter to Mr. Bunch, consul at Charleston, I was directed at the legation to get my

27 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

