
passport countersigned by the Secretary of Sttae and was desired to make an affidavit which I did and to my astonishment found myself arrested. I never made any arrangement with any parties in New York to go South to manufacture knapsacks-never. I never made arrangements to get military equipments for the South while in New York. I have never stated while in New York that several men had been sent to New York under the passports of Mr. Bunch indorsed by Lord Lyons. I know one young man-yes I know three young Englishmen who had got passes in Richmond from Governor Letcher and a letter from the vice-consul at Richmond. I met them at Strasburg and again at Harper's Ferry on my way from Charleston; I came through Harper's Ferry. I took the railroad from Manassas Junction to Strasburg. I did not to through the Gap. I stayed about three weeks in New York. I did nothing particular there. I had no goods to attend to there. I lived at the house Numbers 87 Spring street, corner of Broadway. I was acquainted with a Mr. Moore, Numbers 99 Bowery, clerk with Hiram Anderson; also George Reed, of the sma eplace; also Michael or M. Noonan, nearly opposite The Herald, a bookseller. I have also been in at Julian Bros. ' carpet warehouse, corner of Broadway and Canal street; they are an importing house. The memoranda in the pocket book were made in the store at Charleston. What I have stated in the foregoing is all true. I was sick in New York for a little time. I did not state to any one that I had a stock of good in New York. I thought when I went on that we might order our spring goods, but I found that nothing in the way of trade could be done and I thought it was better to return to Charleston where I could get something to do as I had nithing to do in New York and there was money owing to me in Charleston. I have not stated that I had a stok of goods or that I expected a stock of goods in New York and that I wanted to get them into the South to avoid paying duties, &amp;c. I never stated that I am aware of that I had any goods to attend to or look after there. My object now is to get back to Charleston the readiest way I can go and the least expensive. I did not state that I was in business on my own account in Charleston. I did not state that I desired to get back to Charleston in order to attend to the settling up of the business of my own store or to see after my goods but I stated that I wanted to get back there to get my business settled up.

Question. Did you not state that your object in coming North was to attend to the disposition of some goods which you expected to arrive fromee if it would pay to take them to t he South; or on the other hand to dispose of them in New York and thus save extra expense, freight, commission, &c., whihc would be incurred by taking them to the South?-Answer. I did not state that but something similar to it. I did not state that I was sick in Baltimore a considerable time with my friends but I stated that I was sick in New York. I did state that business was the entire cause of my detention. I did not state that I had two brothers in the Eighth New York Regiment. The whole of this toruble has originated with one man in New York Regiment. the whole of this toruble has originated with one man in New York by the name of Jefferies, Numbers 99 Bowery, in Hiram Anderson's carpet store. His reason for persecuting me is that he applied to the parties in Charleston who now employ me for the situation and did not get it which caused his malicious feeling toward me as I believe. He reported me to Mr. Kennedy, chief of police in New York, the night I arrived as a secessionist. My brother's name in the Eighth Regiment is Thomas McQuillen, Eighth New York City Regiment, stationed at Arlington

