
Heights; C. McDonald, in same regiment, Engineer Corps, also has known me the last six or seven years; Thomas R. tunbull, sergant of engineers, same regiment, also knows me; N. P. Fitzpatrick, of same regiment, also; Hugh S. Powers, of Ellsworth Zouaves, also knows me; Charles Lambert, of Mirristown, N. J., is principal partner in the house I am in at Charleston.

NEW YORK, June 29, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

The witnesses must be examined here. They are so situated that they peril much in what they may be called to do. They have larned all they know from the young man himself and there is no dobut of his complicity with the Montgomery Government. There is no doubt but he can tell you of direct acts of the British consul or his deputy at Richmond aiding and abetting by the use of British dispatch agent and messenger. The names of the witnesses will be furnished to any person on a deman being made for them.

S. DRAPER.

NEW YORK, June 29, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

Witness will be in Washington and report himself to you on Monday morning.

S. DRAPER.

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC CHARITIES AND CORRECTION,

New York, July 1, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I inclose a note received from the witness in the case of Mr. Quillen. If you have the power to take him to Washington you will be foreced to exercise it. His brother and also Hiram Anderson, a well-known carpet dealer in the city, can furnish the necessary information.

Your obedient servant,

S. DRAPER.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, July 1, 1861.

SIMEON DRAPER, Esq.

DEAR SIR: My partner having gone to the country with his family on Saturday leaving important business matters for me to attend to to-day it was impossible for me to go on to Washington. When, as a patriotic merchant, I gave you a hint as to how easily men from the South got passes it was understood between us that I should not be mixed up in the matter any further, and as you know as I could communicate I should prefer not going on.

I am, dear sir, respectfully, yours,

HENRY G. JULIAN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 2, 1861.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH,

U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.

SIR: A few days since Purcell M. Quillen, a British subject, having presented her to be cuntersigned the inclosed passport* from Mr.

---------------

*Not found. See ante for the other inclosures referred to.

---------------

