
the district attorney, but he has left the city for the day. Mr. Draper is also absent. It will therefore be impossible to have Quillen's examination before to-morrow.

Whatever may be the result of this case I am more than ever convinced that he is either a spy or an agent of the rebels-perhaps both, and it seems to me tiw ould be highly improper to permit him to go at large or at all events to communicate with the South. I have thought it proper to communicate to the Department what seems to be important admissions made by him since we left Washington not only as showing his own guilt but as impeaching the good faith of the British consul at charelston, Mr. bunch. He has stated to me that some time previous to the attack on Fort Sumter he was notified by the vigilance committee at Charleston to join the Confederate forces forthweith. He at once consulted the consul as to his being compelled to do so and Mr. Bunch advised him-indeed said that he mut do as the committee had ordered and he accordingly he says took up arms against the United States, and was so engaged for a period of three months and three weeks and participating in the bombardment of Sumter. I asked him if he was not aware that the consul had the power to save him as a subject of Great Britain from this impressment. He replied that the consul had stated that he had not; that Lord Lyons had given him positive instructions on this oint to the effect that British subjects having resided six months in the State of South Carolina were presumed to be citizens or intending to begome so and were therefore liable to be compelled to perform military duty. So that the consul instead of discouraging him from engaging in hostile demonstration against the United States rather encouraged him to do so.

I have thought it proper to let the Department know these facts as early as possible. If your should desire to communicate with me to-morrow be pleased to direct to care of the U. S. marshal. I shall leave New York as soon as this case is dipsoed of-perhaps to-morrow night or Saturday morning.

In great haste, I remain, dear sir, faithfully, yours,

THOMAS L. FORREST.

Quillen states that he knows of several cases where the consul advised British subjects to comply with the demands of the vigilance committee.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 10, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Purcell M. Quillen, a British subject, offered to be countersigned some days since a passport from Mr. Bunch, the consul of his country at Charleston, in order that he might return thither. The conduct of the man being somewhat strange, leading to suspicion of his disloyalty, I caused him to be arrested and examined. the examination tended to confirm this suspicion, but as the principal witnesses in the case were at New York he was transferred thirther for further examination. A copy of the deposition of Henry George Julian and Hiram Anderson at New York is herewith inclosed. * My impression is that it would not only be unadvisable to allow Quillen to return to Charleston but that for the present at least he should be detained in custody. I will consequently

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

