
WASHINGTON, May 15, 1862.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, Commanding:

Austin Smith, exchanged for a person whose parole expires the 18th instant, is ordered to report to you. Send him through the lines by the first opportunity after he arrives.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., May 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Virginia, Fortress Monroe.

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a pass to Fortress Monroe has been issued at these headquarters to Austin E. Smith, a prisoner released for exchange upon the inclosed telegraphic order from the War Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILSON BARSTOW,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 15, 1862.

Mr. Austin E. Smith will be permitted to pass to Fort Monroe, Va., and will be forwarded through the lines to Richmond without delay, having been exchanged. The parole of the person for whom he was exchanged expires the 18th instant.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

CAMP PICKENS, January 30, 1862.

President DAVIS.

DEAR SIR: Since I saw you last I have received a letter from my son, Austin E. Smith, confined in Fort Warren; had a visit from Captain Tansill who called to deliver a message from him; also a visit from Colonel Tyler for like purpose in addition to the letter the had written to me, and now a letter from Captain Tattnall (as I read the name), who was released on the 13th instant from Fort Warren, from whose letter I respectfully submit the following extract:

NORFOLK, January 25, 1862.

* * * Your son requested me to see you in Richmond and to deliver to you the following message. He begs that all efforts may e made to obtain his release but that he has no hope that such effort will be successful unless he can be exchanged for some prisoner of war in whom the U. S. Secretary of State may feel personal interest or in whose favor he may be induced to act in consequence of political influences. Your son cannot give up the hope that your representations to our Government of the service he has rendered to our cause and his desire to face the invaders of our soil may induce them to offer some such person as I have mentioned in exchange for him. * * *

