
In all the late communications from his the view presented by the above extract characterizes them all. I therefore yield. Property considerations I doubt not he has somewhat cared for, ad at any rate they must not be weighed in the balance against liberty and duty to our country, and I most anxiously urge the carrying out of your kind suggestion to make him an officer and exchange him as a prisoner of war. My son is about thirty-one years old, has had two years at West Point and desires to enter the army. When I was in Richmond last inquiring about the officers in person as I did by his request I found a Lieutenant Parks (I think such was the name; at any rate he was an adjutant to a Massachusetts regiment and was captured I think in the fight near Leesburg), of Boston, who was represented by the officer I command to be a high-toned gentleman who would respect the parole and who commanded considerable influence in his native city. I cannot say more for fear my feelings should master me but trust in God and my country's chief for an early opportunity to clasp to my bosom my noble, gallant son.

I am, Mr. President, most respectfully and truly, yours,

WM. SMITH.

[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge. Expect soon some arrangement for exchange of prisoners will be made, and Secretary of War will please file this for attention and reply to Colonel Smith, whose feelings he will appreciate.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH Regiment VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,February 10, 1862.

President DAVIS.

DEAR SIR: Having just received a letter from my son and not having heard from the Secretary of War as I was advised by your private secretary I might expect to do, I have concluded to inclose the letter to you that you may see that he adheres inflexibly to his resolve in the first instance, "that the granite of his prison home would crumble into dust before he would acknowledge the slightest allegiance to the tyranny which oppressed him or have his devoted loyalty to the South to become a question. " With you, my dear sir, now rests my hopes-all my hopes and his. I know not, care not how he had managed a bout our pecuniary interests. Money is but dust in the balance against liberty-the liberty to defy, to brave, to conquer our enemies; the liberty to fight, to bleed and if needed be, to dief for our country.

I am, Mr. President, very truly and sincerely, yours,

WM. SMITH.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

One inclosure. Please answer and explain.

J. D[AVIS].

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, January 26, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM SMITH, Warrenton, Va.

MY DEAR FATHER: Your favor of 12th instant came to hand yesterday, and I must say that I was greatly surprised and deeply mortified that you should have given me such advice. My feelings are

