
War. Mr. Tucker enjoys intimate relationship with Secretary Stanton, and through him and my friend I can secure a very weighty influence, as much so as any individual in the Administration. Mr. Allen is also the relative by marriage and friend of Mr. E. Cowan, one of the U. S. Senators from the State of Pennsylvania, whose influence would also be used in my behalf and whom I know would take pleasure in serving me. My brother-in-law, J. N. Criswell, of Harrisburg, Pa., has been for years on terms of greatest intimacy with Thomas A. Scott, esq., another Assistant Secretary of War, and for whom I am certain Mr. Scott would use all his influence. My brother, Colonel B. Ayres (formerly superintendent of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and a gentleman whose sympathies are with the South from long residence and acquaintance), was a former associate in business with Mr. Scott, and a person whom I think Mr. Scott would do anything for. I am also personally acquainted with Mr. Scott and will demand the favor. My brother-in-law, A. J. Jones, of Harrisburg, is a prominent politician of the party now in power and can command the services and influence of J. W. Killinger, the influential representative of his district, and others at Washington. John P. Verree, esq., and John M. Butler, the representatives of the First and Third districts of Philadelphia in Congress, will give me their aid. Isaac Newton, head of the Agricultural Bureau in Washington; James T. Hale, the brother-in-law of Secretary Welles and representative in Congress, will aid me. Myself and family are intimate with Governor Curtin and family, of Pennsylvania, whose influence I can secure with the President. My wife is a warm personal friend and acquaintance of Mrs. Secretary Welles, whom I know would use her influence to oblige her (sometimes very potent).

The fact is I am so confident of my ability to secure the desired result if I am afforded an opportunity that I am willing to risk a return to this place according to the terms of a parole should open be rationed to me for that purpose. I therefore suggest to you the propriety of procuring a parole of honor say for twenty or thirty days. It has been granted by both Government in case where the parties stood in the position of belligerents, and your Government would in now any compromise themselves by granting it to me, a non-combatant, against whom there is no charge, taken as you are aware three weeks since while viewing the famous battle-field of Manassas. You are aware of the difficulty of attempting to command my influences by correspondence and the difference in effect where I would urge them in my proper person, and I hope you will use your influence to secure it knowing that it will result to our mutual satisfaction.

I have no personal acquaintance in Richmond, but if Mr. J. R. Anderson, of the Tredegar Works, or Colonel Sam. Tate, president of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, were in the place I could acquaint you with my social position (they knowing my brothers) and give you and the Government assurances that the terms of a parole of honor would be faithfully carried out. Should you be successful you can have the honor of a gentleman that every effort would be made for the lease of your son and any influence that would procure that result would be procured. It is not that the burdens of prison life are so onerous and hard to bear but for the sake of my family who may be suffering pecuniarily from effects produced by this revolution.

With hopeful anticipations I await the result and remain, yours, very respectfully,

WM. AYRES.

