
captain of the schooner. He would say that after he engaged his passage to Halifax and just before sailing the master of the schooner informed him that he should stop at Welchpool, from which he could reach Halifax in eight or ten hours, and that he would see him on board a boat that would take him safely to Halifax.

L. DE BEBIAN.

NEWPORT, August 19, 1861.

Subscribed and swon to before me.

WM. GILPIN,

Commissioner Circuit Court, Rhode Island District.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

WILMINGTON, N. C., August 5, 1861.

BARRON C. WATSON, Esq., Liverpool, England.

DEAR SIR: We were rather surprised a few days ago by receipt of a letter from your house in New York advising of the non-payment of our draft of them for $6,500, which was not very comfortable to us. We shall, however, provide for it here soon, and therefore request that you will pay over to Messrs. Brown, Shipley &amp; Co., Liverpool, all the funds of urs in your possession or which may accure from the sale of our cotton. We have instrudted them to invest our funds, and desire that our funds in your hands may be similary invested. Should you meet M. L de Bebian while in England please favor us by rendering him any service in your power by way of assisting him in the prosecution of his business. Old Abe hasn't whipped us yet, and we hardly think he will.

Very respectfully, &c.,

O. G. PARSLY & CO.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 19, 1861.

SETH W. MACY, Collector, Newport, R. I.:

Deliver Louis de Bebian into charge of U. S. marshal to convey him to Colonel Martin Burke, Fort Lafayette, N. Y., who is authorized to receive him.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Providence, August 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have this day taken Louis de Bebian to Fort Lafayette and delivered him to Colonel Martin Burke and taken his receitp for sam, as directed by you in your dispatch of the 19th directed to Seth W. Macy, collector, Newport, R. I.

Your obedient servant,

ALBERT SANFORD,

U. S. Marshal.

P. S. -His trunk are in Marshal Murray's (of New York) hands, and they have not been thoroughly examined.

A. S.

