
a portion of the canvas of the schooner and the gale increasing in intensity the cpatain judged proper to go into the nearest port. We anchored in the bay of Newport on the 13th. The custom-house officer who came to inquire whence the Adelso had arrived reported her to the revenue cutter Henrietta as from a Southern port. The schoner was very soon taken possession of by a gang of men armed to the teeth. I presented my passport to the commanding officer declaring myself to be only a passenger traveling under the double protection of my country and of a frinedly flag in a frinedly country. The officer remarked to me that it was nowise possible to land in the present stormy weather but that I would have the opportunity on its clearing away in themorning. My request was evaded until during the afternoon when the cpatain's papers' as well as my trunks were placed under seals; all external communication strictly forbidden, even the curtesy of informing the consul of my country of my unlawful detention.

After four or five days of the worts treatment, deprived of the use of my trunk, the chief of the custom-house accompanied by a subordinate and by the lieutenant of the revenue cutter Henrietta came and removed the seals from my trunk; my linen examined piece by piece, the lining of my clothes tried, &amp;c. I had voluntarily delivered the few papers I had. They were placed under a fresh seal and deposited in the Newport custom-house. Those papers are a letter of credit on Latimer & Tavall, of Mayagues, Porto Rico, of April last, of which I had no use; of three letters from my firm demanding a settlement from ahouse in the island of Cuba; one to a house in England and finally of another to our correspondents at Liverpool for the settlement of balances in their hands.

I am going to Europe to be at hand to learn the decision of the two great powers on the question of blockades; to move to advnatage at the first possible chance by investing our funds in shipments of merchandise most in demand; our house means articles such as seem best for a future time, such as woolens and blankets, &c., for it is customary in autumn to lay in every sort of winter covering and a pair of blankets for each negro, the wants of the army having absorbed all that there was of blankets not only at Wilmington but nearly through the whole country. This article of blankets is most in demand. These blanekts were formerly known by the designation of negro blankets. I fear lest the house may have used in its letter the new appellation of soldiers' clothing; if such be the case that is the sole and only charge that can be made against me. To these papers must be added some letters from individuals giving good accounts to their families and to their friends at the North-letters which I was to mail at Halifax; t wo or three loose sheets with memoranda of merchandise suitable for the market and commissions to be executed for friends; and finally one pointing out what should be done to announce to me whether or no the port was blockaded.

Such, M. Consul, is the exact character of the papers found in my possession. I set at defiance the idea that the result can make in the slightest degree against me; nothing that can justify my arbitrary detention, marked by every circumstance that could render it more disagreeable. I have constantly demanded and persisted in demanding the examination of these papers by competent judges, resigning myself to all the consequence of such examination if it could inculpate me. I have in vain demanded a mitigation of my detention, my provisional liberation o n bail; everything has been refused me. Set at liberty Saturday, 17th of August, on parole I was again arrested on Monday, 19th. At first my detention was caused by the need of my evidence in

