
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF OCCUPATION,

Clarksburg, W. Va., August 17, 1861.

Great looseness and irregularity prevails in the arrest and discharge of prisoners. Much care and discretion must be exercised in the arrest of persons merely suspected, and proofs obtained if possible; but when evidence of intention or preparation to pursue other than a perfectly peaceable course no prisoner whatever will be released, but as soon as practicable he will be forwarded with a full statement of his case to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MIDDLETOWN, August 19, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: We wish to trouble you by asking one question, viz: Is Adams Express of New York City allowed to transport letters to any Southern State they choose? Such is the case, however, and they advertise boldly and make up a very respectable mail which does quite as well as our former U. S. mail. considering the facility the enemy has for letter transportation it is not to be woundered at that they know our movements so well. We feel that this kind of work should be stopped. Not wishing to intrude upon your duties we ask that something may be done to suppress such a dangerous conveyance as regarding letters and other comforts which they receive by their hands, of which we think there is ample proof. While we are exerting ourselves to support the Government by every means we can they are allowed to transport the secession sentiments from our midst to any Southern State they see fit, and it is growing daily in and about our country villages. We look upon you as one who by experience can devise a remedy.

Truly, yours,

SAMUEL SMITH.

[AND MANY OTHERS.]

A Union man to the backbone. You will confer a favor by answering.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., August 19, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Division of the Potomac.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Friday last, the 16th instant, the pickets of the First Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers between Annapolis and the Junction captured 2 wagons loaded with medicines and military goods, 3 horses and 2 men. A third man ran away and could not be overtaken. I directed the captured property to be taken to Annapolis with the two men and there detained. There were numerous letters in the carpet bag of one of the two men. The other is a negro. The letters were sent to me and I have examined them. They are either of a domestic or commercial nature indicating secessionist affinities in most cases but containing no valuable information. Under the President's proclamation of the 16th ins

