
that the telegram may hvemiscarried. As the point referred to, however, is of some importance in the case of that prisoner I will thank you to have it ascertained as soon as it may be conveninet after the receipt of this, should it not have previously been attended to.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

EASTPORT, August 24, 1861.

COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS, Newport, R. I.

SIR: I am informed that the British schooner Adelso, formerly the A. L. Hyde, of this port, is now detained at your port in custody of U. S. officers foran alleged violation of the blockade. I also am informed that the owners and parties interested in that vesselplead ignorance of their knowledge of the existence of such blockade or their intention to violate it. As a loyal citizen I deem it my duty to inform the Government through you that this schooner Adelso, nominally owned by one Henry Horton, of Saint John, New Brunswick, is well known in this vicinity to be the property of one Captain John Kay, of Indian Island, a place about two miles east of our town.

Captain Kay called on me some time last spring just previous to his chartering the Adelso (to go out South) and voluntarily stated to me the business that the vesselw as to be engaged in; that he had been offered some$300 per month for the use of his vessel by parties claiming to reside in Boston; that she was to go to some Southern port and run the blockade, which it appears she has done. I advised hima t the time to keep out of such business; that he was running a great risk and would lose his vessel. He said he had been referred to me to ascertain the standing and responsibility of the parties who then wishedto charter the Adelso. I told him that I knew nothing about them, and if he let his vessel he had better get an indemnifying bond for the safe return of his vessel. She left here shortfly after in command of Captain Thomas Kimball, a naturalized American citizen of the United STates, resident of this place, with contraband of war for a rebel port out South. The cpatain and crew were shipped at this port with a full knowledge and understanding of the business that they were engaged in. The vessel, freight and her destination were common subjects of conversation in our streets at the time she left this bay last spring. Our loyal citizens were rejoiced to learn of her capture, and trusy parties my be held to answer for furnishing aidand comfort to the enemy.

Respectfully, yours,

WINSLOW BATES,

Notary Public and Justice of the Peace.

NEW YORK, August 31, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

Mr. SECRETARY: Our father, M. Louis de Bebian, having been shut up for a fortnight at Fort Lafayette we requested our consul through the intervention of our minister to take the necessary measures near your Government to obtain his liberation. The absence of ourminister from Washington makes us apprehensive of very long delay in the decision of the matter. Under these circumstances we take the

