
FORT HAMILTON, September 11, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City, D. C.

SIR: I thought it would not be improper to send you the inclosed letter to me from one of the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, September 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Hamilton.

SIR: I had a violent diarrhoea in martinique last May. I have not entirely recovered from it, and again I am very suffering since two days of the same disease. I wish to be permitted to go for a few days to my family in New York to receive such peculiar care as would check the evil on parole, or if preferred on bail or bond to resume my prison at the time appointed. I would consider as a great favor an early answer, because it is fearful in such case to be locked up from 7 o'clock in the evening till 6 o'clock the next morning.

I remain, sir, your obedient,

L. DE BEBIAN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 13, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Scott has referred to this Departmentthe letter of M. L. de Bebian o you requesting leave to visit his family in New York in consequence of feeble health. You may allow him this privilege for a fortnight upon his giving his word that he will be ready to return to Fort Lafayette when summoned by the police at his residence should this be necessary.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

I, M. L. de Bebian, do give myword that being allowed to visit New York I will return to Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, on or before the 30th day of September instant or upon being summoned by the police at my residence should this be necessary.

Given at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, this 17th day of Septmeber, 1861.

L. DE BEBIAN.

Witness:

J. S. BOOTES,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth Infantry, Officer of the Day.

FORT HAMILTON, September 24, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose an application from the French prisoner, M. L. de Bebian (whom you allowed a leave of absence of two weeks) requesting an extension until about the 10th day of October, 1861.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

