
On the seventh day of our voyage the Adelso was struck by a squall which carried away some of her canvas and the captain found himself obliged to go into Newport, R. I., in distress. He declared whence he came at the custom-house and was soon afterwardboarded by a gang of armed men from the Federal cutter Henrietta under the orders of an officer called Pennington, who stated that the schooner was seized. I exhibited my passportto establish my nationality and mycharacter of mere traveler, entirely a stanger to the cargo of the schooner and the vessela lso. I requested permission to continue my journey across the United States to go andtake at the nearest port a trans-Atlantic steamer. In place of acceding to my request and even without reply I was detained on board and found myself a close prisoner. All communication from without was interdicted; I was not even allowed to make my situation known to the consular agent of France at Providence. I passed five days thus confined with eight sailorsin a small cabin where three persons would have difficulty in putting themselves at ease. My trunk having been put under seal I found myself deprived even of theuse of my linen.

On the fifth day at evening (August 17) the seals were taken off and the contents of my truks minutely examined. After seizing upon all the papers found there the custom house officer told me I might land at Newport, a prisoner on parole.

The next day but one the same functionary intimated to me that I must consider myself as under formal arrest. The French vice-consul at Providence instructed by a third party was taking some steps. After having referred me to the district attorney he came to Newport announcing to me that the U. S. marshal was close at hand for the purpose of releasing me. This functionary in fact soon presented himself but in place of setting me at liberty he rested content with delivering a dispatch to the collector. This person looked at it and left the office in which we were with him. After an absence of half an hour he reappeared and the vice-consul asked for my release. He was answered that precise orders from the Government enjoined him to detain me. The vice-consul requested thatI should atleast be allowed to remain at Newport for further light on the matter, binding himself on his personal and officila responsibility to produce me when requred. This reqest was refused. Hew was not more fortunate when he wished to know what charges were specifically made against me and to obtain my passport to annex to the report he desired toa ddress to the legation. Thus repulsed in every attempt to proctect me the vice-consul was obliged to retire. A few moments after his departure the U. S. marshal came to notify me of a deposition under oath signed by a person quite unknown and who certianlyknew no more of me. The deponent declared "to his best knowledge and belief" that I had given aid and comfort to the rebels and that I was consequently guilty of treason. So far as I yet kow this is the only foundation o n which reliance is had for depriving me of liberty, taking me from my business, obstructing my voyage and sendingme as a malefactorin custody of a police officer from Newport to New York to be shut up in Fort Lafayette. There I passed twenty-seven days from August 20 to September 16 shut up-I the eighth-in an unwholesome casemate; deprived of all communication from without, unable even to address myself to the French authorities, my natural protectors, unless at the pleasure of the commandant of the fort; constrained to live at my own cost by reason of the detestable food given to me; restrained from taking more than two hours' exercise daily, and to rest shut up in a suffocating atmosphere from 6 o'clock in the afternoon till 6 in the morning without

