
&amp; Co., Wilmington, N. C., and was forwarded the 19th day of August with the other papers. By reference to my letter of August 19 I find they were forwarded under two inclosures and think t hey may have been mislaid at the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. MACY,

Collector.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9,1 861.

S. W. MACY, Esq., Collector, &c., Newport, R. I.

SIR: Your letter of the 7th instant with its inclosure relative to De Bebian papers has been duly received.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

Numbers 828 ARCH STREET, Philadelphia, October 22, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: While in Wilmington, N. C., a year ago I was introduced to a Frenchman called De Bebian. M. de Bebian supported hismelf by teaching the French language and was inr ather straitened circumstances. As I some time ago observed in the public papers an account of the arrest of a man of this name who represented himself as a merchant, and who if I remember aright was about to saild for Europewith a considerable sum of money in his possession I thought it might be the teacher and that the little item of information now furnished might be useful.

I am, sir, respectfully,

GEO. MILLIKEN.

LEGATION OF FRANCE TO THE UNITED STATES,

Washington, January 19, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &c.

SIR: Your Department is acquainted with the details of the affair of M. L. de Bebian, imprisoned at Fort Lafayette in the month of august last-and whom at my instance you were so good as to order to be set at liberty after six week's detention, however-and the seizure of his papers. M. de Bebian on his arrival at Parish presented to the Imperial Government a claim based on the two points which I had the honor to indicate to you here and I have received orders to call the attention of the Government of the United States to the claim of this Frenchman.

Without wishing to enter into a discussion of the circumstances which appeared to justify in the eyes of the Federal Government the arrest of M. de Bebian I ought none the less to state that the Enlgish schooner Adelso on which he was captured with his property and papers entered the port of Wilmington and left it without difficulty, that port not being at that time blockaded, and that she went into Newport under stress; that if these cts perfectly lawful nevertheless gave the Government room to suspect that there were on board this vessel some passengers in contravention of law those passengers ought

