
property seized is forfeited to the United States there being no doubt that it was on its way to Virginia. One of the captured men, Albert Brummel, Numbers 351 Lexington street, Baltimore, whose written statement I have admits that they were on their way to the Potomac and that the property was to be taken to Pope's Creek (opposite Matthias Point) and thence sent across. He also admits that some of the purchases were made for a Mr. Ruskell who keeps a store in Richmond. I directed the boxes containing the property, seventeen in number, to be secured in the naval school, Annapolis. The vehicles are also forteited by the President's proclamation and are secured in the same place. Will you advise me what to do with the men? I directed their detention to secure their testimony. I do not see that they have incurred any penalty though I have no copy of the act of February 28, 1795, to which the President's proclamation refers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., August 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 19th instant* is just received. We have no doubt the old city police are busy stirring up disaffection. I shall arrest any one of them who is so engaged if I can obtain the proof. We sent a special agent this morning to the lower counties of Maryland to track them if they are there and ascertain the true state of things. In this city they are closely watched. * * * I shall write to Major-General McClellan, now my immediate superior, to morrow in regard to the Eastern Shore of Maryland, which requires attention.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, August 20, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE,

Commanding Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

SIR: The War Department has consented to take charge of such prisoners as may come into the possession of naval authorities, and has informed this Department that they will be confined in Fort Lafayette, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke. I have directed Flag Officer S. H. Stringham to send any he may have to you, and will thank you to take charge of them accordingly.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, August 20, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimoe, Md.

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General McClellan to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th instant relating to capture of men

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

