
early as possible, and that he will evade the blockade if possible; also that he has been in the West Indies within the last six months for the purpose of shipping cargoes of salt and molasses to Southern ports.

I feel assured that he has no idea of leaving Wilmington; that he regards the United States as his country of adoption only on pecuniary motives, and will take every advnatage to that end. He said to me that he owed no allegiance to the Federal Government, to any State or to the Confederate States, but in this connection I will state that I have no knowledge of his having been the beraer of dispatches or carried any information to the States in rebellion. Heinformed me that during his stay in France he had conversed with persons high in authority, and had drawn the inference that any interference the South might have expected from the French nationa was hopeless. All my conversations with him were carried on in French and therefore not subject to the ear of bystanders.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES W. KIMBALL,

Late U. S. Consul at Guadeloupe.

Deposition of Seth W. Macy, esq., collector of the port of Newport, R. I., who being duly sworn says:

Am acquainted with M. Louis de Bebian, and first became acquainted with him on the 16th of August, 1861, he being a passenger on board schooner Adelso, seized in Newport, R. I., for running blockade from Wilmington, N. C. Had conversation with him on that and the following days until he was taken in custody of the U. S. marshal and conveyed to New York. He stated that he was a Frenchman by birth, but had been a resident of Wilmington for a number of years; that he had a wife at that place, and that Wilmington was his home. He stated to me that his reasons for leaving Wilmington were on account of the troubled state of the nation, and was going to europe to remain until the troubles were over. He stated also that he was in reduced circumstancesot see why he was held as a prisoner on board of the vessel because he was in no business and had no reason to fear. To my surprise on going on board the vessel to liberate him I found papers and letters in his possession connecting him with business transactions for purchaisng a return cargo to Wilmington, to be composed of army supplies, judiciously made out for that purpose; and also to substantiate his complicty for a return cargo I found a complete set of signals by which they might communicate or converse with prties on shore in relation to the proper time to run the blockade as well as of conversing with each other in person, and frome very fact ad circumstance connected with him there was no doubt he meant to give aid and comfort to the rebels by importations. When I had the first conversation with him M. de Bebian was very pleasant and courteous in his conduct and conversation and highly praised the Government and people of the United States, but afterward when he was taken in custody by the marshal of this district his language and conduct entirely changed, and he commenced abusing both the Government and people of the United States and myself and other official persons who were present at the time. He also stated that he should go to England and blow the United States Government to hell, and then he would go to France and return with fifty ships of war and have full redress, and other conversations to the same effect.

S. W. MACY,

Collector.

