
I, William E. Dennis, of the city and county of Newport, do solemnly swear that the foregoig deposition of Seth W. Macy was read in my presence, and that all parts thereof (excepting the conversation between M. de Bebian and the U. S. marshal and other officers) are true to the besst of my knowledge and belief. The conversation was not had in my presence.

WM. E. DENNIS,

Hr Britannic Majesty's Vice Consul for Newport, R. I.

NEWPORT, February 20, 1862.

RHODE ISLAND DISTRIICT, Newport, ss:

Then personally appeared the foregoing Seth W. Macy and William E. Dennis and severally made oath in due dfdorm of law to the truth of the foregoing statements by them subscribed.

WM. GILPIN.

Notry Public and U. S. Commissioner Rhode Island District.

U. S. CONSULATE, Nantes, February 26, 1862.

Honorable FREDERICK W. SEWARD, Acting Secretary of State.

SIR: I see from a paragraph in the New York Weekly Herald of February 12, 1862, that M. L. de Bebian, of the firm of O. G. Parsly &amp; Co., lumber and commission merchants of Wilmington, N. C., claims damags from Congress for losses and is likely to get them. this gentleman was with me on the City of New York which left New York for Liverpool November 16, 1861. the first day out he told me his story. Sasid hye had been taken prisoner on a vessel bound to Halifax by Mr. Bennett's cutter. Was sent to Fortt Warren, thence to Fort Lafayette. Owing to the absence of the French minister he got no hearing until after four weeks when his release cme through the direct intervention of the French Government. His firm had made a first ventrure in cotton consgned to Brown Bros., m in England. Fears as to the honesty of the consignees induced them to send De Bebian to Europe. He was greatly offended with what seemed to him the injustice of his treatment and fell into the hands of some insolent Englishmen, one of whom especially urged him to expose in the French press the villainies and tyrannies of the Lincoln Government immediately on his arrival in France, which I think he promised to do. Almost withoutt exception the Englishmen on the shiip were loud in unjust denunciations of the North and fellowship with the South.

I thought it my duty to tthwart the intentions of this English clique Bebian. I found he was an old soldier of the First Napoleon, whose name he revered, and had been at Waterloo. by waking memories Hehate of England and Englishmen was aroused and he mpromised me not to take their advice, but to go quietly about his business in France. He said he should seek redress in alegal way. I could make no objections to that. He asssured me he and been offered rank in the regel army, but declinde saying he would not fight the country which had treated him so well, "But," said he to me, 'siir, if the occasion comes when I can fight with America against England although I am no longer young and have a young wife and family I would galdy fight in such a cause. " As an iillustration of how deeply rooted is this national antipathy he one day sai, "If I could put the

