
English nation in this ship and could reach the magazine I would blow her up and gladly perish with the hated race. " Among the papers found with him was one containing the phrase, "Old Abe has not subdued us yet and I don't believe he will very soon. "

He also assured me that at the commencement of the secession movement a large meeting was hald in Wilmington favoring separation. A few days after the senior member of his firm called a meeting for the Union. Notice was given and the Amierican flag hung out. With the hour appointed came only twenty-five people. The old man attempted to speak, received some hisses and broke down in the effort. The younger member of the firm tried and met with equally bad success. The old man went home and wept over the ruin of the Union. "Now," said M. de Bebian, "the junior of the firm is a major in the Confederate Army, the son of the senior partner is a captain and the father is with the son. "

I give you these details in order that you may judge whether if M. de Bebian is reimbursed by Government for any losses sustained the other members of the firm ought to share his benefits after having under any circumstances so far forgotten their allegiance while so many thousand loyal men are lavishing treasure and life for the dear old honored flag. I hope you will excuse me if this letter should seem unnecessary, but I write it because it was my fortune to meet with and know somewhat of this mand and I mentioned M. de Bebian's name to Mr. Daytton when I passed through Paris coming here.

With assurances of respect, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN DE LA MONTAGNIE,

U. S. Consul.

Before me, John S. Hollingshead, notary public in the city of Washington, D. c., personally appeared Charles W. Kimball, of Boston, under oath deposed and said that he was and had for a long period ben acquainted with M. Louis de Bebian, native of the Island of Guadeloupe, West Indies, and at present resident of Wilmington, N. C. ; that at the time of said De Bebian's visit to this city on the month of January last past I had at several time along conversations with him oncernign his departure form Wilmington, his confinement at Fort Lagayette and his visit to Europe in which he expressed to me freely his motives in leaving Wilmington which were pecuniary, and also his designs; that he heing a Frenchman should not take active part in the war; that he took passage in the shooner Adelso to go to Halifax and thence to Europe for the purpose of purchasing blankets, shoes and articles mot in demand for warlike purposes, and which he thought would pay large profits as they were much needed at the South. that he had letters of credit to a large amount belonging to parties residing South. Tat he had carried a large cargo of hard pine lumber to the West Indies during the summer of 1861, and returned to Wilmington with several contracts for lumber which he should shop as soon as he had a good chance. Taht his capture and confinement had caused him severe losses.

CHARLES W. KIMBALL.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 3rd day of March, 1862.

JOHN. S. HOLLINGSHEAD,

Notary Public.

