
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS, DEPARTMENT OF NOVa., February 2, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR:

* * *

P. S. -Monday, 3rd of February. -Last evening General Wool sent up by a flag of truce M. de Bebian, a subject of France living in Wilmington, N. C, and Mrs. Kerr, of Savannah. M. de B. informs me the commissioners arrived at Fort Montroe yesterday.

B. H[UGER].
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolk, Va., February 3, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have had an interview with M. de Babian, the gentleman mentioneed in my postrscript to letter of yesterday. He was arrested by the Lincoln Government last summer while on his way to Europe and confined in fort Lafayette. He was released at the instance of the French minister, but his papers were retained and he was efused permission to return to Wilmington, N. C. He asked for and botained a passport to go to Europe, and Mr. Seward indorsed on it "It is understood M. de B. is not to enter into any of the insurrectionary States. " On his arrival at Paris he had an interview with the Emperor who in seeing this indersement said he should be allowed to return to his place of business, and directed him to call next day on the minister of foreign affairs who would give him the necessary papers. He called accordingly and was furnished with letters to the French minister at Washington. On his arrival in Washington he called on Mr. Seward and asked for a permit to come to Wilmington he called on Mr. Seward and day the French mini8ster called and obtained the permit on which he has come here. He states to me he has made his claim for damages, and be heard it was taken bfore a committee of Congress. M. de B. proceeds to Wilmington to-day, and I thought his case of sufficient interest to send you an account of it.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Case of John Williams, Jr.

John Williams, Jr., of Norfolk, Va., was arrested by the U. S. marshal in Boston on the 9th day of August, 1861, who reported that the prisoner had held a major's commission in the Confederate Army, and had been arrested on suspicion of treasonable purposes in his visit to Boston. He was confined in Fort Lafayette by direction of the Secreetary of State and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. Williams did not conceal the fact of his disloyalty. On the 16th of September, allegiance, which he declined to do. On the 26th of the same month he recalled his refusal and offered to take the oath. He having declined to take the oath he was ordered to give security in the sum of $10,000 bsides taking the oath, and was ordered to be released on such terms October 4, 1861. It appears that the information upon which Williams

