
oath of allegiance. I declined doing so at the tiem because I expected to return to my home in Norfolk, Va., and did not know what effect it would have upon me there. Since that time, however, I have made arrangements to remain in the North (Baltimore), and if permitted will now take the necessary obligation. My case was examined by you at the solicitation of my wife and father, and so far as they were able to ascertain no charge against me was sustained and my release was ordered by you. The situation of my wife and family urge me to ask a speedy reply to this communication.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO WILLIAMS.

P. S. -My case was also examined and reported on by General Butler* and Marshal Keyes,* of Boston, at which place I was arested.

J. W.

FORT McHENRY, [Baltimore,] October 21, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

Has John Williams, Jr., a prisoner at Fort Lafayette, been released? His friends are very anxious about him. His father is one of our most loyal citizens. the understanding is that your ordered him released two weeks ago on security in the penal sum of $10,000 not to go South and that it has been given.

JOHN A. DIX.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 22, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 21st instant relative to the casee of John Willimas has been received. In reply I have to inform you that on the 4th dday of Octobeer, 1861, instructions were issued to Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, the commanding officer at Fort Lafayette, it discharge that person on his giving in addition to the oath, &amp;c., a bond in the sum of $10,000 that he would faithfully observe the obligations imposed. Colonel Burkle is very prompt in the execution of the orders of this Department. It is inferred that the prisoner has not yet complied with the terms upon which his release was granted.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary of State.

FORT McHENRY, October 29, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: Mrs. Williams who will deliver this note to you is desirous of seeing you in regard to her husband. She will explain the difficulty, and I think the sicurity will be perfectly good if Mr. Jenkins is allowed to be held for $2,500 or omitted altogether in the bond.

I am, dear sir, truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX.

[Indorsement in pencil.]

Desires to know whether they can be allowed to be held severally and not jointly.

---------------

*Not found, but see Lothrop to Butler, September 10, p. 458.

---------------

