
letter was to gratify the application of Mrs. Williams that the $10,000 bond might be drawn in such form that each security (four in number) should only be responsible for his proportion of the obligation, to wit, $2,500. She has caused to be prepared the bond so as to obtain that end and presented it to me for may approval. It is herewith inclosed* and I have appended my certificate thtat the several sureties are worth $2,500 each.

I deem it quite unnecessary to reming the Department that a bond for $10,000 wherein the sureties are severally responsible is a very different one in substance and effect. I have therefore thought it best to transmit the instrument to you in the form in which it is presented to me so that if it has your approval you may send it immediately to the district attorney of New York on whom the father is now in attendance (John Williams, sr.) waiting to add his signature. I will take the liberty to add that Mrs. Williams has requested me to beg the favor of you to dispatch the bond should it meet your approval as soon as possible to New York as the father is at great inconvenience.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

WM. MEADE ADDISON,

U. S. Attorney.

BALTIMORE, November 4, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD:

Is the bond of John Williams' sureties right?

JOHN A. DIX.

It is.

F. W. S[EWARD].

FORT WARREN, November 14, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: The marshal of the district of Massachusetts having informed me that the district attorney had John Williams' bond for $10,000 duly executed I discharged him yesterday in obedience to your letter to Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding Fort Lafayette, of October 4, 1861. I have the honor to inclose herewith Mr. John Williams' oath.

I am, sir, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

I, John Williams, do solemuly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemis whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, loyaltty and allegiance to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwith standing; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose, without any mental reseervation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law, hereby stipulating that I will neither enter into any of the States in insurrection against the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States nor transmit any correspondence between disloyal persons with-

---------------

*Bond omitted.

---------------

