
out permission from the Secretary of State; and also that I will not do any thing hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So help me God.

JNO WILLIAMS.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th of November, A. D. 1861.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Case of Charles J. Faulkner.

Charles J. Faulkner, of Martinsburg, Va., late minister of the United States to France, was arrested at Washington on or about the 12th day of August, 1861, by ordeer of the War Department, and was soon after taken to Fort Lafayette for safe-keeping and was subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. Faulkner himself alleges in a letter to the Secretary of State that he was taken as a histage for Mr. Magraw, of Pennsylvania, who was held in cusstody by the rebels, but whether he has any warrant for such assumption or whether any such motive had any influence in prompting his arrest theeere was deemed to be sufficient cause for his detention in his disloyalty and in the hopes built upon his expected services by the rebels; the Department of State had reliable information that as early as Februaary, 1861, Faulkner had advices from the rebel Mason, of Winchester, Va., that he must hold on and not quit Paris on any consideration; that Virginia would certainly secede on the 20th of February, and on the night of the 3rd of March Virginia would take possession of the city of Washington; that the whole Southern Government was perfectly organized to go into operation immediatel; also that Faulkner's son distributed secession cockades in Paris in the office of the legation. The Department also had like information that a regiment near Winchester was waiting for Faulkner to be their colonel, and that it was currently reported there that he had sent arms from France to the Southern Confederacy. But a more conclusive proof of the disloyalty of Faulkner was furnished by himself on the 1st of December, 1861, in a proposition to effect an exchange of himself for a loyal citizen of the United States held in captivity by the rebels. In pursuance of that suggestion Faulkner was released on his parole to proceed to Richmond and in a certain time restore the Honorable Alfred Ely, of New York, to his seat in Congress or deliver himself to the order of the Government in Washington. He proceeded to Richmond accordingly and having effected the proposed exchange, and Mr. Ely having been restored to his seat in Congress, Faulkner remained at liberty and in the portion of the country controlled by the rebels. -Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

The commanding general will rescind the pass given to the Honorable Charles J. Faulkner permitting him to cross the lines of the armed forces of the United States, and will detain him in custody unless on being arrested he shall take an oath of allegiance to the United States. *

---------------

*Memorandum found among State Department papers, with neither date nor signature.

---------------

