HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., August 12, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF STATEL

A lady comae to my office to inquire for her husband, Addison T. Munsel, a schoolmaster, who was pressed into the service near Winchester, Va. He is supposed to have made his escape to our lines or have been murdered. This lady was introduced to me by the Rev. B. N. Benton, pastor of the Second Baptist Church, near the navy-yard. He resides 563 Fourth street east, a cound Union man. this lady said to me a regiment near Winchester was waiting for Charles J. Faulkner, our minister to France, to be their colonel, and that it was currently reported there that he had sent arms from France to the Souther Confederacy.

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., August 12, 1861.

On the 15th of February Faulkner read a letter from Senator Mason, of Virginia, dated U. S. Senate Chamber, that he must hold on and not quit Paris on any consideration; that Virginia would certainly secede on the 20th of February, and on the night of the 3rd of March Virginia would take possession of the city of Washington; that the whole Southern government was perfectly organized to go into operation immediately. Faulkner's son distributed secession cockades in Paris at the legation in the office. This was read and done in the presence of William C. Barney, now in this city.

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 14, 1861.

EDWARD C. CARRINGTON, Esq.,

U. S. Attorney for the District of Columbia.

SIR: It being desirable to take the deposition of a witness in the case of Charles J. Jaulkner, recently arrested in this city, I will thank you to proceed at once to the office of General Mansfield, who will inform you of the name of the witness, and to attend to the taking of the deposition before a magistrate.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

Personally appeared before me William Chase Barney, a citizen of the United States, and being duly sworn says that on the 28th day of April, 1861, he the said Barney told the Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State, that on the 13th day of February, 1861, Charles J. Faulkner, then U. S. minister at Paris, read to him the said Barney a letter from Senator James M. Mason, of Virginia, dated U. S. Senate Chamber, directed to said Faulkner, advising said Faulkner to hold on and not to quit Paris on any consideration; that Virginia would certainly secede the 20th of February, 1861, and in the night of the 3rd of March following Virginia would take possession of the city of Washington; that the whole Southern Government was properly organized

