
to go into operation immediately; that said Faulkner's son called Boyd Faulkner distributed secession cockedes in the office of the U. S. legation at Paris. The said Barney says that the above statement made to the Secretary of State is true to the best of his knowledge and belief.

WILLIAM C. MARNEY.

Sworn and subscribed before me this 16th day of August, 1861.

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Notary Public.

ASTOR HOUSE, NEW YORK, August 19, 1861.

SECRETARY OF STATE.

SIR: In conversing with Major Townsend, of Albany, this afternoon he urged me to write you my strong convictions in reference to our late minister to France, now under arrest. Whatever my own conclusions may be-formed from a residence in Europe during the whole time of Mr. Faulkner's official position there and an intimate acquaintance with the opinions of my countrymen abroad-I do not think I possess actual facts which you will consideer important.

I only know that Mr. Faulkner is a secessionist-known and acknowledged to be so by all who have come in contact with him during the last two years; that his family are secessionist of the most violent character; that the French ministers with whom he was on terms of intimacy and the members of the Senate all knew his strong feelings of sympathy with the rebels, and that the embassy in Paris was the rendezvous of all the most violent of the traitors so long as he stayed. My wife returned to this county on the same ship with the ladies and children of Mr. Faulkner's family. this was early in May. At that time Virginia was suppose to be hesitating. The son was most bitter and violent in his denunciations of the United States Government, and outspoken in his wishes that his father's State should cast in her lot with South Caroline.

I have no doubt that numberless facts bearing directly upon Mr. Jaulkner's treasonable complicity with the rebellion while he was the resident minister of the United States at Paris could be gathered now, but until he was arrested so accustomed had I been in the presence of our late consuls at Liverpool and London to hear rebellion approved that I never thought of obtaining accurate information upon a subject of common fame. There is, however, not a shadow of doubt that the sympathies of the French ministry were enlisted by the most constant efforts of Mr. Jaulkner in favor of the seceding States. In fact it is not yet four weeks since the minister of foreign affairs recommended my friend Colonel Enriceo Fardilla, who was coming to this country, to enlist at the South.

If I can be of any service to the Government in this matter a letter addressed to me at Copake Iron Works, Columbia County, N. Y., will reach me. I beg you will pardon the liberty I have taken, and believe me to be,

With great respect, sir, your obedient servant,

N. S. DODGE.

30 R R--SERIES II, VOL II

