
United States returning to the capita of his country to report himself to his Government and to close the affairs of his mission could have been arrested and imprisoned upon such grounds as the Secretary of War has assigned as the motive of his action. Such a proceeding for such a cause would strike them as incredible. In their conception of the proprieties and probabilities of govenrmental action nothing could justify such a measure but gross and treasonable infidelity to the diplomatic trust with which I was honored. That deduction I have no doubt even those most inclined to a favorable judgment of me have felt constrained to draw from the fact and circumstances of my arrest; and even in this country where the public judgment has become so deplorably inflamed by the extraordinary state of our affairs the brief editorial in the National Intelligencer giving quasi officially the reason of my arrest is passed by unnoticed and the papers are still filled as they were before with speculations upon the enormous crimes which I must have committed whilst abroad to be thus so long the subject of such close and vigilant governmental detention.

Now, sir, having been transferred to your custody as a prisoner of state and the responsibility of my further detention resting entirely with you I respectfully inquire of you as I did of the Secretary of War why am I thus held in confinement? Of what infidelity to my government-of what offense against the country am I accused that I should be thus deprived of my liberty? What object suggested by public policy or touching the public safety demands my imprisonment? Dark and unexplained as the whole course of procedure has been it has become to me a subject of painful and embarrassing mystery. In periods of great public danger and excitement like the present individual wrong is often done. The true defense of any government under such circumstancces is the reparation of that wrond at the earliest moment that it is made sensible of its error. I trust I shall be favored with a reply to my earnest and respectful inquiries.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.

SEPTEMBEER--, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

I heard some weeks since of Mr. Faulkner's arrest but hoped by this time that he would be released as he had taken no part in the present contest. Why is he detained in Washington when he went there upon business with the Government feeling it his duty to give an account of his ministrial duties while at the court of France? I am sure Mr. Seward cannot refuse to give me information if my husband will be released or detained until the war is over. If he be detained, will Mr. Seward send me a pass to go from Martinsburg to Washington City? In order for me to receive this pass the letter must be addressed to the care of my daughter, Mrs. G. V. Lott, Everett House, Union Square, New York.

I remain, with respect,

MRS. C. J. FAULKNER.

MASSACHUSETTS AVENUE, BETWEEN SEVENTH AND EIGHTH STREETS,

Washington City, September 1, 1861.

Honorable Mr. McDOUGALL, Senator from California.

MY DEAR SIR: I perceive from the morning papers that you are now in this city. Can't you pay me a visit? I am sure if you apply to the

