
Secretary of State he will not refuse you. I am quite anwious to see you. I remember with infinite pleasure our agreeable relations in Congress, and more especially the incidents of that "mess" of which we formed a part. Don't fail to make an effort to see me, and at the earliest moment your convenience will admit.

I am, truly and sincerely, yours,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.
HEADQUARTERS CITY GUARD, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,Washington, September 8, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, Commanding Fort Lafayette.

SIR: By direction of the honorable Secretary of War you will please receive the Honorable Charles J. Faulkner, of Virginia, and hold him in confinement until further orders.

A. POSTER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Provost-Marshal.

Memorandum for Captain Willard.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1861.

Captain Willard will oblige me by clling on the Secretary of State, the provost-marshal, or whoever has the right to determine the point, and ascertain if some relaxation of the seveere rigor of my confinement cannot be obtaine so as to enable me to have the benefit of some exercise. I have already stated to Captain Willard frequently within the last two weeks the injury which I hae sustained in my health from my unnecessaily close confinement, and I have explained the parts of my system which have been most painfully and injuriously affected by this long deprivation of exercise. I can hardly presume that the Government has resorted to my imprisonment as a measure of punishment, and yet it has signally operated so in fact. Neither can I for a moment suppose that it has any aims against my life, and yet if the present system be continued much longer it is very certain that my life will soon cease to be a source of dread to my enemies or of value to myself or frriends. I am nott yound as I once was, and naturally of a weak and delicate condition it has only been by the most assiduous attention to my health and amongst other remedies of the resort to regular and systematic exercise that I have been enabled to check the progress of disease and to retain the health which I possessed when I was arrested and first imprisoned.

As a lawyer for many years in full practice I have had an opportunity of knowing something of prison discipline in the State of my birth and I will say that I have never, except in one extraordinary instance, known a malefactor after conviction for a capital or penitentiary offense subjected to a more rigid and vigilant surveillance that I have been since my arrest. The unceasing tread of armed sentinels around my door and windows leaves me not a moment in the twenty-four hours to indulge the delusion that I was born in a land of freedom, and this surveillance is observed toward a man who although imprisoned one month and the Government repeatedly called upon has not avowed to him or to the public that it has against him the shadow of a ground of accusation or complaint.

CH. J. F[AULKNER].

