
EPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 10, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: You will allow to the Honorable Mr. Faulkner such indulgence as to air and exercise as shall be compatible with his safe-keeping and the construction adn regulations of the place in which he is detained.

I am, sir, respectfully our obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 11, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Frot Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: I will thank you to inform the Honorable Charles J. Faulkner, now in confinement at Fort Lafayette, that he is commited and is detained in military custody as a political prisoner upon the ground that the authorities acting in the State of Virginia which he is understood to acknowledge and obey have inaugurated and are prosecuting by force of arms a treasonable insurrection for the overthrow of the Federal Government and the dissolution of the Union, and that the Government is informed and believes that in this hour of public danger his sympathies are given to the conspirators, and his services as well as his influence are expected to be employed in behalf of the treason. He can procure his release at present as he could have done at any time hitherto by taking and subscribing an explicit oath of allegiance to the United States excluding all express or implied reservations.

i am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New Harbor, September 13, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: Your letter of the 11th instant with regard to the Honorable Mr. Faulkner (a certfied copy) was duly handed to him, as you will see by the inclosed letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, September 12, 1861.

Lieutenant Co. M. BURKE,

Commanding Forts Hamilton and Lafayette.

COLONEL: I beg leave to report that in obedience to your order I have delivered in person to the Honorable Charles J. Jaulkner the copy of the letter received by you from the honorable Secretary of State.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. WOOD,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

FORT LAFAYETTE, September 13, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Lieutenant Wood, commandant of this fort, delivered to me last evening a certified copy of a letter addressed by you to Colonel Burke, dated Washington City, September 11, 1861, in which you say

