
ently have done so, as must be very obvious to those who have readthe protests against my imprisonment addressed to yourself and the Attorney-General. Nevertheless I have strong reason for believing that the seemingly authoritative annunciation of the cause of my arrest contained in the National Intelligencer has rached my family in Virginia, and that their influence has been exerted to accomplish the liberation of Mr. Magraw in the hope thereby of conferring a benefit upon me. Such course was quite natural with females, who always act more under the influence of their offections than in conformity to any standard of political principle. To what extent this influence has operated I do not know, but I observe the public journals announce the probability of the speedy return of Mr. Magraw. How far I should feel at leberty myself to submit to such an exchange should the contingency occur it is not necessary for me at this time to say.

In view of these facts I respectfully desire to know whether the proposition which you now submit authorizing my release upon taking the prescribed oath is designed to anticipate the condition originally annexed to my arrest or whether the Government now disavows that cause for my arrest with the condition necessarily implied in it, and means to hold me a prisoner in disregard of that condition whether Mr. Magraw shall be hereafter released by those at Richmond who now have the control of his leberty or not. You will oblige me by a reply to these inquiries.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, September 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States, Washington, D. C.

SIR: Mr. Lott, a son-in-law of Mr. Faulkner, came here to see him about 10. 30 last night in accordance with your orders of September 17. I thought it an unusual hour but of course ordered the boat for him to go over. I called his attention to your letter which strictly speaking only admitted him on one visit but I have taken upon myself to admit on your letters of similar kind and upon other high authority at Washington the persons named to two and sometimes three interviews. I understand that Mr. Faulkner's friends consider your permit as permanent, entitling them to other visits. Please inform me if I am so to understand it and also other letters of similar nature.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fort.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 24, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.:

No permit entitles the preson to whom it was granted to more than one visit.

F. W. SEWARD.

