
who are at an age to demand imperiusly the care and restraining infulence of aparent, all combine to induce me to inquire if you have any authority to extend to me a release from my present imrisonment upon a parole of honor similar to that which has already been extended to several prisoners at this fort. I confess my extreme reluctance in making this application. I believe the honor, the good faith and the true policy of the Government would dictate my unconditional release, and I believe that my usefulness as a citizen of the United States will be materially impaired by any restraint uponn my perfect freedom of deliberation and caction. Nevertheless if the Government shall determine eration and action. Nevertheless if the Government shall determine otherwise I must of course submit to its terms. I am a prisoner absolutely in tis power, and there is no other Government to which I have any right to appeal to take an interest in my defense. I am here without a charge or an accusation of any king against me, and from a simple apprehension of the Government that if at liberty as expressed in the letter of the Secretary of State to you I might contribute my "influence and services" to the cause of the Confederate States. I will not dicuss the grounds upon which Mr. Seward has reached this conclusion, but I presume a parole of honor given by me that I will do no act hostile to the United States during the existing troubles would be a buaranty which the Secretary of State who has some knowledge of my character, would promptly recognize as an ample guaranty against any such action aon my part. I have now been in close cconfinement as a prisoner upward of two months. If I could perceive that my suffering and privations here could in any manner be made instrumental to the good of the country I couls easily reconcile myself to any protracted term of imprisonment; but I see no benefit from it to the country, but utter ruin and impoverishment to my fam respectfully make this inquiry of you trusting that you will with your characteristic promptitude and urbanity give me an early answer.

I am, v ery respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.

BURLINGTON, November 22, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

ME DEAR SIR: Will you permit me to intrude upon your valuable time with one word in behalf of Mr. Faulkner, now confined at Fort Warren? I am fully aware that the oath of allegaince has been tendered him as a condition of his release but this with him is an impossibility. It would forfeit his entire property and leave himself and family beggars. I think I can promise that he will give his parole not in any way to serve against this Government in future. I know from frequent converstions with him that his views in reference to the present struggle are of the most moderate kind, and I am satisfied that had his voice been potentiol at the South this country to-day would not be agonized with the fearful throes of civil war. Can his release not be had upon giving his parole? His case is a peculiarly distressing one. For seven months he has not seen his family and for four months he has had no communication with them.

Will you favor me with reply to this and oblige, your obedient serant,

JAMES W. WALL.

