
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 1, 8161.

Honorable REUBEN E. FENTON.

DEAR SIR: I perceive from the papers that the constituents of the Honorable Alfred Ely* are forwarding to President Lincoln memorials urgeing his exchange for some one now held by the Federal Government in confinement Permit me through you and the New York delegation in Congress to submit the following proposition to President Lincoln or Secretary Seward: I will give my parole of honor with any other security deemed necessary by the Secretary of State, if permitted to proceed on to Richmond, that I will in a time to be prescribed by the Secretary of State restore Mr. Ely to hos seat in Congress or deliver myself to the order of the Government in Washington City.

I am, truly and respectfully, your,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 5, 1861.

Colonel DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: You are hereby directed to release from custody Charles J. Faulkner, a prisoner confined in Fort Warren, on his giving his parole of honor that the will return and surrender himself to you within thirty days unless within twenty days the Hon Alfred Ely shall be immediately released from the confinement in which he is now held at Richmond by the insurgents and sent within the lines of the U. S. forces, and that meanwhile Mr. Faulkner will not do any act hostile to the Government of the United States or give any information calculated to aid the insurgents. You will at the same time deliver to him the inclose passport enabling him to pass through the lines of the U. S. Army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BALTIMORE, December 18, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Fortress Montroe:

The Georgaian brought down from Baltimore this morning Honorable Charles J. Faulkner, released on parole from Fort Warren, Boston, en route for Richmond where he is confident of being able to exchange himself for Honorable Mr. Ely+ taken prisoner at Bull Run. Mr. Faulkner spent the forenoon at General Wool's headquarters and was sent by a flag of truce to Craney Island at noon.

* * *

Captain Ricketts was serenaded by band of the Second Artillery on the wharf before the boat started and numbers availed themselves of the opportunity to get a look at the captain. He is still very weak and suffering from the effects of his wounds.

FULTON.

---------------

*Ely was a member of Congress from the State of New York who was captured by the Confederates at Bull Run, July 21. -COMPILER.

+The exchange of Faulkner for Ely was subsequently effected, but no official statement of the fact can be found. -COMPILER.

---------------

