
Case of Thomas S. Serrill.

Thoms S. Serrill was arrested at New York upon a warrant obtained against him by U. S. District Atorney Smith about August 16, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State. He was charged with treason; having been to England and there made arrangements with leading bankres to secure a loan for the Southern Confederacy and with bringing pounds 20,000 of such loan with him for the use of said Confederacy. An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 3, 1861, directing colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Serrill in his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accoringly released September 5, 1861. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

OFFICE OF THE U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY,

New York, August 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: I have obtained a warrant of arrest against Thomas Steele Serrill charging him with treason. We can prove that on his passage on the steamer Persia which has just arrive here he stated that he had seen all the bankers in England; that he could get as much money for the Southern COnfederacy as he wanted; that he had in his possession pounds 20,000 sterling which he should carry down there; that he had been presented a set of silver by the bankers in Enkland for his own use. We found on his person pounds 40,000 in Bank of England notes. This is all the testimony I have been able to gather to-day. He is committed for examintation before a commissioner upon whom I can rely. He has employed good counsel. Pergaps you will deem it best to transfer him to the military authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. DELAFIELD SMITH,

U. S. District Attorney.

OFFICE OF THE U. S . DISTRICT ATTORRNEY,

New York, August 23, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 22nd instant* I beg leave to state that as represented to the custom-housse officers by the witnesses whose names are given below Mr. Serrill on his passage to this country on the steamer Persia repeatedly stated that he had been to England and had ha dinterviews with the leading bankers and had made arrangements to secure a loan for the Southern Confederacy; that he had pounds 20,000 of such loan with him, which was to be used by the Confederate States for the benefit of their army; that he expressed himself strongly in favor of the rebellion and as determined to aid them by all means in his power. He also stated that he was en route for New Orleans with the funds in his possession. This statement is made to me by Rufus F. Andrews, esq., surveyro of this port. The witnesses are as follows: John H. Wray, with A. T. Stewart &amp; Co. ; George A. Jackson, 647 Broadway, New York; John Morrison, 278 Washington street; J. C. Berhard, 41 Warren street; Thomas J. Brown, Alexander

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

