
PHILADELPHIA, September 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: On Thursday last I again presented to Mr. Secretary Chase your ordered and accompanying lines for the delivery of the packege of post notes in the Treasurer's possession and it was a second time ref Washington with Mr. Chase's promise that they should be sent by Friday's mail to my address here. They have not yet come. Without your personal interference I doubt their coming. The letter, credits, &amp;c., taken from my trunk have not reached me.

Believe me, sir, your obedient servant,

THOMAS S. SERRILL.

Case of Charles Kopperl.

Charles Kopperl, of Carroll County, Miss., was arrested in New York August 17, 1861, and by didrection of the Secretary of State was conveyed to Fort Lafayette. Kopperl was charged with having been in the military service of the so called Confederate States. The affidavit of J. M. Wardwell, of New York who was in Mississippi in April, 1861, states that in conversation with Kopperl he learned that he was then engaged in raising a cavalry company, and that he was captain thereof. The company was for the Confederate service. He made no secret of the business he was engaged upon. November 1, 1861, Kopperl with others was transferred to Fort Warren, Boston, Mas. January 30, 1862, and ordered was issued from the Departmentm of State directing Colonel Dimick to release Kopperl on his parole of honor to return into custody at Fort Warren within thirty days unless within twenty days Hugh Watson, who was captured at Pamlico Sound, should be released by the insurrectionary government and sent within the lines of the U. S. forces. Kopperl was accordingly released February 4, 1862. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 17, 1861.

HOHN A. KENNEDY, Superintendent of Police, New York:

Arrest Charles Kopperl, of Carroll County, Miss., now in your city, and send him to Fort Lafayette.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 17, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Washington.

GENERAL: I have to request that Charles Kopperl, now in custody in New York charged with having been engaged among the insurgents at the fight near Bull Run, may be kept under guard at Fort Lafayette.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

