
civil position in the Confedeerate States nor been in any way or manner engaged or participated in the present unfortunate strife, any report to the contrary notwithstanding. Surely my longer confinement cannott benefit the Government nor serve the ends of justice, although it is greatly detrimental to my private interests. I therfore trust you will do me the justice to grant my case your favorabe consideration, and muhc oblige, with high consideration,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. KOPPERL,

Of Mississippi.

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS,

Washington City, January 30, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

ME DEAR SIR: I think it proper that I should inclose to you a letter addressed to me by Charles Kopperl, esq., of Mississippi, now a prisoner at Fort Warren, in the harbor of Boston. Also a leter frrom the same gentleman to A. T. C. Pearson, esq., of Minnesota, which Mr. Kopperl asks me to read if Mr. Pearson is not in the city, and as he is not I have read it.

I am gratly at a loss as to my duty. Mr. Kopperl I know to be a secessioninst because I ad it from his own lips in December last, I think. He is my personal friend, and I would do him any favor that I could consistent with my duty as a loyal citizn, and one rady at any momeent to lay down my live for my country. Mr. Kopperl avers that he has committed no act which will justify his arrest and imprisonment. I do not know that he has, but doubtless you had good reasons for this arrest and you have good reasons also for holding him.

By reading his letters inclosed you will know what his wishes are, and if anything can consistently be done for him I shall be happy to have it done. I have but little patience with secessionists and would hold them to a strict account, but if I believed an honest man had been misled by the arch fiends who plotted and are leading this rebellion I would not oppress him further than to tie his hands against open action. If proper I should be glad to know whether anything can be done.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

B. B. FRENCH.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, MASS., January 28, 1862.

Honorable B. B. FRENCH, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: Not knowing whether Mr. Pearson is now in your city I take the liberty of inclosing the within letter to you which you will oblige my be delivering to him whould he be in Washington. If not please open and read it, and if you have the disposition and the power to assist me as therein requeste I shall gratefully appreciate it.

Very respectfully, yours, truly,

CHAS. KOPPERL.

[Sub-inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, MASS., January 27, 1862.

A. T. C. PEARSON, Esq., Washington, D. C.

MY DEAR SIR: I last had the pleasure of seeing you at Washington in December, 1860. I little thought then that the next December I would be a prisoner at this place. I write this at a venture that you

