
and Henry B. Claiborne and Hilary B. Cenas, late midshipmen in the U. S. Navy as prisoners, and they are now confined in Fort Lafayette by order of the honorable the Secretary of the Navy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., August 30, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

COLONEL: At the request of Colonel Burke I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter received by him to day from Mr. Cisco, assistant treasurer. The commanding officer at Fort Lafayette has been warned to be on the alert, and a copy of the inclosed letter has been sent to the revenue cutter lying in the stream off the fort. Major [C. S.] Sibley, Third Infantry, has also been notified to hold his command in readiness to repel any attempt of the kind mentioned in Mr. Cisco's letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. CLITZ,

Major Twelfth Infantry.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE U. S. ASSISTANT TREASURER,

New York, August 30, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army.

SIR: It has been communicated to me to-day by a gentlemen of high character and position (whose name I am not at liberty to give) that preparations are making to attempt the forcible rescue of the prisoners of state now under your charge at Fort Lafayette. This statement coming from the source that it does strongly impresses me with belief in its truth. I have therefore deemed it my duty to immediately communicate with you that you may if you deem it necessary strengthen yourself for any emergency.

Yours, very respectfully,

JOHN J. CISCO,

U. S. Assistant Treasurer.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 31, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. CRANSTON, Mayor of Newport, R. I.

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 26th instant relative to supposed disloyal persons in your city. In reply I have to state that your best course would be to communicate with the marshal of the United States for the district of Rhode Island in regard to any person who in your judgment should be arrested for the cause referred to and to request the marshal to address this Department upon the subject by telegraph or letter when proper directions will be issied to him.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

4 R R - SERIES II, VOL II

