
are as above addressed, and therefore concluded to drop you a few lines. I took the liberty of addressing a letter to Mr. Rice some dasy ago, and should this reach you I hope you will do me the favor to do all you can and with all whom you can for the purpose of obtaining for me an investigation, a trail or a release with a peermit to return home. It would be a rether singular trail though without the first particle of a violation of law to base a charge upon.

But to the point. In December, 1860, my daughter who was at a school in Pennsylvania near Norristown lost her eve-sight. Hearing of it I immediately proceeded there and placed her under proper medical treatment. On my return home then I met you in W. Owing to the intrrruption of the mails last spring or summer I at one time received no intelligence from my daughter for about three montsh, when becoming uneasy I went to Louisville, telgraphed to two parties in New York and received a reply from one that Emma had left that place I [had] left her owing to some misunderstanding and for me to come on at once. I was also informed by several acquaintances that there was not the least difficulty or danger of arrest for me in visiting the North, &amp;c. So I did at once proceed, leaving Louisville Sunday, 11th of August, arriving in New York on the 13th. I found my dughter much improved and with a kind family . I made my arrangements to place hera t a school near New York (where she nowis) and should have left Friday butr was persuaded to remain over Sunday mornignI was by telegraph order of Mr. Seward conveyed to Fort Lafayette-and here I am now.

I know not the charges against me except the nonsensical newspaper reports that I was or had said I was an officer in the Confederate Army, &c., all of which I need not tell you has not the least foundation in truth. I held no office of any kind in the Confederate States nor took any part in the present unfortunate difficulties and strife. My arrest was I feel confident the result of malice of an individual whom you pergaps know, and having no friends or court to exercise the influence which effected the release of others from the South I was overlooked and my case forgotten or at least uncared fro. 'Tis true my brother-in-law of Cayuga County, N. Y., and another gentleman there well acquainted with and a politiacal friend of Mr. Seward, addressed him in my behalf some two months ago, and besides the Honorable Mr. Ludlow, of New York, who visited Fort Lafayette several times, promissed tto obtain my release (upon parole not to return South without a permit, &c.) as soon as he visited Washington as he confessed there was no case against me (all for a consideration). But Mr. Seward soon after disowning Mr. L. I. am minus my release as well as consideration.

I need not say what my ideas are that all those who actually bore arms against the United States, &c., are eleased and civilians from the Confederate States, beaers of dispatches, &c., are also released through the exertions of friends or counsel, yet I who committed on wrong, violated no law, have been imprisoned now nearly six months and still there seems to be no remedy.

I will not dilate or extend my remarks or ideas of such a policy. Presuming upon an introduction by you to Mr. Rice I took the libery of resquesting his services in my behalf. As yet I have received no reply. I requested him to obtain my release, and if it cannot be granted unconditionally to obtain it on my parole for forty-five or fifty days for the purpose of visiting the Confederate States and endeavor to obtain an exchange for some one held there as a prisoner and if unsuccessful to return, &c. I have not heard from home since I left

