
there which renders me quite uneasy. The day of my arrest I telegraphed to B. B. French isq., asking his assistance. I received a reply as follows: "You dispatch reeceived. I can do nothing for you. "

Still you may if you think best speak to him about this. Please write me on receipt of this, and if you can render my any aid I need not tell you that it will be duly appecaited. I am more than willing to have a trial on any charges that can be brought against me. I hope y ou will pardon the troubl I thus give you which I claim on the score of my situation, &amp;c.

Hoping soon to hear from you, I am, with best wishes and regard, your friend,

CHAS. KOPPERL.

WASHINGTON, Januarty 29, 1862.

Honorable ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE.

SIR: I wish to procure an exchange for my brother, Hugh Watson. Hee was captured on the Fanny in Pamlico Sound, N. C., near four months ago. He was acting as sutler to the Twentieth Indiana Regiment Foot Volunteers. I simply want the release of a state (Confederate) prisoner on a parole to exchange himself for my brother, a prisoner of like position, if one can be found, or a non-combatant that you will release.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. S. WATSON.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 30, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: If you believe that Mr. Charles Kopperl, a prisoner confined at Fort Warren, would observe his obligations you may release him from custody on his giving his parole of honor that he will return and surrender himself to you within twenty days from the date of his release unless within the period of twenty days Mr. Hugh Watson, who was captured on the Fanny in Pamlico Sound about October 1, 1861, shall be unconditionally released from the confinement in which he is now held by the insurgents and sent within the lines of the U. S. forces, and that meanwhile he (Kopperl) will not do any act hostile to the Government of the United States or give any information calculated to aid the insurgents. You will please fill up the inclosed passport giving as accurate a description of Mr. Kopperl as possible and after he shall have signed it deliver it to him and send a copy of the description to this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 30, 1862.

W. S. WATSON, Esq.,

Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

SIR: Your letter of the 29th instant has been received. In reply I have to inform you that an order of this ddate has been issued to Colonel Justin Dimick at Fort Warren, Boston, directing him to release Mr. Charles Kopperl upon his parole of honor to return and surrender

