
long a period (greatly to the detriment of my private interests and personal comfort) simply because I am a resident of the State of Mississippi. This I take would be inconsistent with the bearing and position assumed by the Government. My continued imprisonment cannot benefit the Government nor serve the ends of justice nor can my release inflict an injury.

I pray you to excuse the liberty I take in thus toubling you and hope you will grant my request on the score of justice and humanity if on no other. I also take the libeerty of inclosing a letter* which you will oblige me by delivering to mr. Secretary Seward as I doubt his seeing all sent him. This is the first I have addressed to any one in authority. My borther-in-law and otthers, neighbors and old political friends of Mr. Seward, have written him in my behalf, and without as far as I know any result. I hope you will favor me also with a reply.

I am, with high consideration, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. KOPPERL.

Released+ February 4, 1862, to be exchanged for Hugh Watson.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, February 4, 1862.

I, Charles Kopperl, a prisoner at Fort Warren, do pledge my word of honor that I will proceed without any unreasonable delay to Fort Monroe, Va., and thence by flag of truce to Norfolk, and that I will do no act hostile to the United Sstates or convey any correspondence or infomation beneficial to the insurgents, and that Ia will return and surender myself to the commanding officer at Fort Warren at the expiration of thirty days unless within twenty days Mr. Hugh Watson, who was captured in the Fanny in Pamlico Sound, shall be unconditionally released and sent within the lines of the U. S. forces, in which event I may consider myself discharged from my parole.

CHARLES KOPPERL.

Case of the National Zeitung Newspaper.

Numbers 8 SIXTH STREET, NEW YORK, August 17, 1861.

His Excellency the SECRETARY OF STATE, Washington:

The undersigned, adipted citizen of the United States, feels himself called upon to guard German honor and to call to the attention of you excellency that for three weeks there has been in this city a German newspaper called the National Zeitung which is in its tendencies abso lutely secessionist, and handles the President, Abraham Lincoln, and generally all Union interests in the most accursed manner. It is high time we shoul make an end of such a niusance, and I hope yourr excellency will have leisure to look over these lines and be convinced of their justice.

With most respectful esteem,

JOHN B. RAEFLE.

---------------

*Not found, but see Kopperl to Seward, January 18, 1862, p. 488.

+This is an entry in Colonel Dimick's record book at Fort Warren, and is the only record found of Kopperl's final release. -COMPILER.

---------------

