
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, SOUTHERN DIST. OF NEW YORK,

September 9, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq.

SIR: Your favor of the 6th insstant is received, and in answer have only to say that my attention has already been called to the Staats Zeitung and its editor, but do not think it necessary to arrest the parties in question. Should anything appear in the paper hereafter to warrant the editor's arrest and confinement at Fort Lafayette I will do it and telegraph you immediately.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, September 10, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I inclose you two more copies of the National Zeitung, Nos. 6 and 7. I am informed they contain matter more objectionable than either of their predecessors. Any order you desire to have executed I am ready to attend to. This paper I informed you before is published by an association and edited by a committee. I think I furnished you* the names of the editors before.

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

NEW YORK, September 10, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF STATE.

SIR: Yesterday morning the mail facilities were withdrawn from the New York Staats Zeitung. The undersigned thereupon solicited an interview with the postmaster, in the course of which he was apprised that such course against his paper had ben recommended by your honor the Secretary of State, and on furhteer inquiry the undersigned learned that a certain G. H. Paulsen, Jr., recently a resident of Wstchester County, and unknown and irresponsible individual, had taken it upon himself to act the denunciator of the Staats Zeitung bofore the Department of State, and it is to be presumed that the ssame individual being used no doubt as a tool in the hands of others has been instrumental in performing the same dirty office before the grand jury of Westchester County which has proscribed among other papers the Staats Zeitung as a print that gives aid and comfort to the enemy.

g to convince you conclusively of the utter baselessness of the charges against the Staats Zeitung and of the injustice of the persecution leveled at it, inadveertently as I trust, I must sate that we at once ascertaned that the incriminating slips contained in Mr. Paulsen's letter and said by him to have appeared in my paper and forming the basis of the denunciation against me had been taken from the National Zeitung, a German weekly started some three months ago in opposition to the Staats Zeitung to counteract our influence, and falsely substituted as the product of the Staats Zeitung, should at once dispel every possible cause for the course adopted against my establishment so far as the evidence of the said Paulsen is concerned.

---------------

*See Kennedy to Seward, September 14, p. 496, for the names of the editors of the National Zeitung newspaper.

---------------

