
POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, October 28, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I am instructed by the Postmaster-General to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant and to inform you that the National Zeitung, of the city of New York, was excluded from the mails by an order of the Department under date of 12th of September last on the suggestion of the honorable the Secretary of State. It is believed the order has been faithfully carried out by the New York postmaster.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ST. JOHN B. L. SKINNER,

Acting First Assistant Postmaster-General.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROROPITAN POLICE,

New York, January 13, 1862.

SIR: I inclose you herewith copies of the three last numbers of the Natinal Zeitung. This publication is represented to me as becoming more and more belligerent. However, it is well you should have these numbers examined and determine what course is best to take in order to cure its insanity.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

NEW YORK, January 24, 1862.

His Excellency W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

EXCELLENCE: I take the favor to inform you that in the city of New York is published a paper - under the name New-Yorker Journal, a paper which has much circulation and in consequence of it a great influence as it is published every day, Sundays excepted. This New-Yorker Journal is a thorough-paced secession paper, and unloyal to the highest degree to this present Govenment, in witness whereof I inclose an exemplar of it for the better information of [your] excellence.

With consideration of the highest regard, I have the honor to be, respectfully, your excellency's obedient servant,

C. F. SPINA.

[Inclosure. - Trenslation of extracts from New-Yorker Journal, January 24, 1861.]

[Numbers 1.]

We live in a period of the highest political excitement. Opinion, the holy living fire to which man owes his God-like qualities, is again degraded to a dumd idol to be used for human sacrifice, and the position for the freest development of civilized culture is trampled by political cannibalism.

[Numbers 2.]

No compromise with the negro party. This alone can be the basis of a successful effort to bring about a reconstruction of the Union. No compromise with a party which under any circumstances would tread the white man's rights under foot. Away with a party which would offer these rights to the imaginary claims of the negro.

