
[Numbers 12.]

The Albany Argus says that the great Republican party had failed to attain its purpose. This is not true. The purpose was to get the Government into its hands so as to fill its pockets as full as the Democratic party if not fuller. This purpose it had attained superbly. That the confederation should thereby get to land don't trouble that party.

[Numbers 13.]

Virginia has not sent funds to England to pay up the State indebtedness. This may give opportunity to the English Govenment to intervene to the satisfaction of their subjets, as Spain, France and England are now doing in Mexico.

[Numbers 14.]

It is under consideration to abolish the tariff in the Confederate States. It will not long ere the North must follow. Good again; thanks to competition. Everything has its two sides in this wonderful world.

[Numbers 15.]

The Albany Evening Journal assures the Argus that the Republican party will not let go their purpose of sustaining the Union, on which the City News observes that neither of the existing parties can save the Union and least of all the Republican. Well who is to do it? The opposition party; to which we devote our time and strength so long as it is the party of the future, of the Constitution, of moral force and operates in that spirit in which the grand and beautiful confederation was framed.

BROOKLYN, February 11, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The undersigned on behalf of a number of citizens of German birth begs leave to call your attention to a paper published in the city of New York in the German language, a copy* of which is herewith inclosed, which ought not to be tolerated. Its articles are filled with gross abuse of the Govenment, and in fact the paper if published in the South could not be worse. It is circulated gratis among the Germans of New York and Brooklyn, and the undersigned feels greatly mortified that such a pest is allowed to fulminate its treason among the Germans who give their blood and treasure for the Union. The undersigned has no private malice in this matter not even knowing the editors, but as a loyal citizen he feels it his duty to call your attention to it, and the undersigned hopes that you will not only order the paper to be suppressed but also to send the editors to Fort Lafayette. The undersigned has marked some of the most violent articles.

Hoping that this letter will meet your approval, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JACOB ROSENGARDEN.

N. B. - In reference to myself I respectfully refer you to Mr. George E. Baker.

---------------

* Not inclosed.

---------------

