
[Inlosure Numbers 1.]

PHILADELPHIA, April 16, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: By the directions of General Simon Cameron I send you a summons issued by the supreme court of this State at the suit of Pierce Butler v. Simon Cameroa, July 1 - November 17, 1861. The writ is returnable the first Monday of May, 1862, and is for trespass, vi et armis, assault and battery and false imprisonment. The cause of action is no doubt founded upon the supposed misconduct of General Cameron in causing the arrest of the plaintiff, Mr. Pierce Butler, and placing him in Fort Warren or some other public fortification without authority of law while he, General Cameron, was Secretary, was Secretary of War. As I am instructed the act was not the act of General Cameron, and was done by those who commanded it be done for just reasons and for the public good.

You will please communicate the fact of this suit to the President and such other official persons as should properly by advised of it and have such action taken as shall relieve the defendant Simon Cameron from the burden, cost and responsibility of defending this suit.

By the directions of General Cameron I have as his private counsel ordered my appearance for him, while I also invite and request the intervention of the proper authorities in his behalf and for his protection.

I am, sir, truly, &amp;c.,

BENJAMIN H. BREWSTER.

[Sub-inclosure.]

EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, ss.

The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to the Sheriff of Philadelphia County, greeting:

We command you that you summon Simon Cameron, late of your county, so that he be and appear before the justices of our supreme court, at our same court to be holden at Philadelphia in and for the eastern district of the State of Pennsylvania on the first Monday of May next to answer Pierce Butler of a plea of trespass, vi et armis, assault and battery and false imprisonment, and have you then and battery and false imprisonment, and have you then and there this writ.

Witness the Honorable Walter H. Lowrie, chief justice of our said supreme court, at Philadelphia, the 15th day of April, A. D. 1862.

JAS. ROSS SNOWDEN,

Prothonotary of the Supreme Court, Eastern District.

Attested copy:

PHILIP J. BROWN,

Deputy Sheriff.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 18, 1862.

Honorable BENJAMIN H. BREWSTER, Philadelphia.

SIR: I have received your letter of yesterday stating that by directions of Mr. Simon Cameron you transmit to me a summons issued out of the supreme court of the State of Pennsylvania at the suit of Pierce Butler against Mr. Cameron for trespass, vi et armis, assault and battery and false imprisonment in causing the arrest of the plaintiff without authority of law.

