
State, to arrest Edward Daley, a captain in the rebel army, who is expected here day in some of the steamers from Europe. We took also a telegram to John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police, announcing to him the arrival of the steam-ship City of Washington. After making inquiry we learned that the steam-boat Birbeck, then in the service of the Government Barge Office, would be the first to take of passengers from the steamer City of Washington, then lying in the harbor. We went to the officer in charge of the Barge Office, showing our shield of office, and made know our business to him (Hawley) to get permission to go on the steam-boat Birbeck. The Government officer said he had orders to allow no person to go on board the steam-boat. I said in reply that it was a very strange order to prevent officers from going on board the boat with dispatches from Secretary of State and superintendent of police. The Government officer sent a messenger to the surveyor of the port, also, the dispatches from the Secretary of State and superintendent of police, to know whether we would be permitted to go on board the Birbeck. The messenger returned with orders from the surveyor saying that we could not have permission to go on board the Birbeck, a boat then leaving to the passengers off the City of Washington. We then waited unitl the steam-boat Birbeck returned the passengers, but said Daley was not among them.

Respectfully, yours,.

JAS. EUSTACE.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, September 1, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Arms, Washington City, D. C.:

When I received the assistant treasurer's note of which I requested Major Clitz to send you a copy yesterday I sent Lieutenant Lay, my officer of the day, over to Fort Lafayette to see Lieutenant Wood, the officer commanding Fort Lafayette, and to show him the papers and to send a copy to the captain of the cutter near by. (The captain of the cutter is a very clever officer.) Lieutenant Wood sent me back word that I would find the prisoners all there. I presume he meant in Turkish fashion that they would be there dead or alive, I know not. I think the answer will please General Scott. In connection with this matter I would recommend this officer, Lieutenant Wood, to be immediately promoted to the grade of captain. If I had the influence with the President I would make a major of him at once. Lieutenant Wood's conduct has been uniformly kind and consistent to the prisoners. But under no combination of circumstances will it be proper to relieve Lieutenant Wood from the command of Fort Lafayette, as in the large range of my acquaintance I do not know an officer as well fitted to perform the delicate and stern duties of that post as Lieutenant Wood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 2, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury.

SIR: Mr. John A. Kennedy, the superintendent of police at New York, who has instructions to arrest persons in the employment of

