
remain in confinement. The balance is held subject to seizure by the U. S. marshal under the act of August 6, 1861, whenever he is prepared to act in the case. I deem it proper for me to adopt this course in order that the interest of my officers in the prize may be properly found in the possession of Guthrey. *

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 27, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: I have the acknowledge the receipt of your two communications+ of the 24th instant, and to state in reply that your course with regard to the cases of Guthrey and Miles is approved.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 28, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to return the papers++ in the case of Miles and Guthrey which you yesterday referred to this De state in reply that John A. Kennedy, esq., superintendent of police at New York, has represented to this Department that he has coused to be deposited with Colonel Burke at Fort Hamilton the sum of $200 to defray the personal expenses of Miles, and also a like sum to defray those of Guthrey, which seems to supersede the necessity of making any further provision at this time for those objects.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

NEW YORK, August, 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The inclosed letter has been addressed to me by a friend of Mr. Guthrey who has been for several years and still is a resident of Brooklyn. His name does not appear because being a Southerner he does not wish through his sympathy for the unfortunate to become in time an object of suspicion. It will perhaps be sufficient for me to say that the writer is a gentleman and that I put implicit faith in the accuracy of his statements.

I do not know under what charges Mr. Guthrey has been arrested but can well understand that in particular cases injustice may be done unwillingly by those who are connected with the administration of the Government. In any examination that may be had of the case of Mr. Guthrey I would therefore respectfully submit the inclosed statement for confirmation or rejection according to the light that may be shed

---------------

* See case of George Miles, p. 533, for Seward to Kennedy, August 27.

+ See case of George Miles, p. 532, for one of these letters.

++ Not inclosed.

---------------

