
am examined on my way back in either Kentucky or Tennessee I shall most likely be required to show any letters I may have about me and shall not hesitate to do so. " This he supposed as did others would be regarded as unobjectionable by all authorities and it further demonstrates his repeatedly expressed determination to do nothing to make trouble.

It is believed that John Garnett Guthrey has been arrested and is now confined by orders of the honorable Secretary of State under the misapprehension that he is an agent of the Confederate States, and this plain statement of facts is submitted in the hope that if substantiated to your satisfaction the Secretary will order Mr. Guthrey to be at once released and the bonds restored to him.

With many thanks for the kind attention already extended to the writer he begs leave to subscribe himself, sir,

Your obedient servant,

H. C. HARDY.

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, ss:

Henry C. Harday, of the city of New York, being duly sworn deposes and says that the foregoing is a copy of a letter addressed by him to A. A. Low, of said city, and the same contains a true statement of all the facts and circumstances within deponent's knowledge respecting John G. Guthrey. Deponent is a loyal Union man and would not seek the release of said Guthrey if deponent believed that he was acting or intending to act in any manner in aid of the rebelion. Deponent further says that he saw said Guthrey when he first came on here for his last visit to this city; that he presented himself to this deponent, showed his papers to him and stated his object to be to make investments for certain persons in Petersburg, to wit: Reuben Ragland, John M. Wyche, Thomas Wallace, William T. Joynes and perhaps others, having reference to the private interests of the gentlemen for whom he acted and with no public object whatever.

H. C. HARDY.

Sworn to this 20th of September, 1861, before me.

STEWART L. WOODFORD,

Notary Public in New York City.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 20, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., Metropolitan Police, New York.

SIR: I inclose all the papers in the Department relative to the case of John Garnett Guthrey, now a prisoner at Fort Lafayette. His friends ask for his release on the ground that his visit to New York was solely on business connected with a church at Petersburg, Va., and that the property found upon him was to be invested for the benefit of that church. If the investigation of the case, which I will thank you to make, should lead to a confirmation of these statements his discharge will be ordered as there is no disposition to arrest or detain any person engaged in business of that character.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

33 R R-SERIES II, VOL II.

