
When arrested he asked me why he was arrested. I replied that you will find out at the office. He said, "I suppose it is because I am a Southern man or because my sympathies are with the South. " I left next day for Ohio.

ROBERT KING.

Sworn before me this 28th day of September, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief Clerk.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

METROPOLITAN POLICE DISTRICT,

City of New York, ss:

John S. Young being duly sworn doth depose and say as follows: I am sergeant of the Metropolitan police in command of the detective force in the city New York. In that capacity and with the advice of the superintendent of police, John A. Kennedy, I arrested Mr. John G. Guthrey at the Fifth Avenue Hotel on or about the 25th day of August last, Detective King assisting me. We brought him and his baggage to the central office, where [we] found the bonds and money in his possession, a schedule of which was furnished by Superintendent Kennedy to the Secretary of State. Mr. Guthrey was committed to Fort Lafayette. In my investigations prior to the arrest of Mr. Guthrey I learned that he was in the habit of intercourse with George Miles, who is now a prisoner in Fort Lafayette, and with Walker, also a prisoner in the same place. This I learned by report, and these circumstances pointed to Mr. Guthrey as a party to be watched. I do not know of my own knowledge any treasonable or illegal acts beyond those connected with the purchase of the bonds. The arrest of Mr. Guthrey was actually made by Officer King. I was not at the hotel at the time. When he and his baggage were brought to the central office I searched and found the bonds and money as stated in the schedule.

JOHN S. YOUNG.

Sworn before me this 28th of September, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief Clerk.

SOLICITOR'S OFFICE, September 30, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to return a letter of Honorable William H. Seward, Secretary of State, dated 13th instant, inclosing one from John A. Kennedy, esq.,* superintendent of police of New York, and a schedule of property found in the possession of John Garnett Guthrey, of Virginia, who has been arrested as a political prisoner.

The object of the letter of the superintendent of police was to inquire as to the disposition proper to be made of said property and that of the letter from the Secretary of State to submit to you the question of the expediency of instituting proceedings for the confiscation of the property, which question you have referred to me. In regard to this question I have to say that I presume from the fact this property was found in possession of a person arrested for complicity with those who are in rebellion against the Government that the strong probability is that the property itself was being used or held for the purpose of promoting the

---------------

* See Kennedy to Seward, p. 510, August 24.

---------------

