
preparing to go to England, first sending his bonds there by unsuspected parties, and from thence to get to Havana and the rebel States. If that scheme should be accomplished it is possible that his bonds may be transmuted into arms or other contraband property. It is said that his parole does not preclude his going to England. A secessionist in England with $100,000 is capable of doing more mischief than he could do at home. If his parole does not preclude his going to England it would be well to restrict him to a residence in the city of New York.

He is moving all interests he can reach to get hold of his bonds; has said that he operated only through Black Republican agencies because the Administration is Black Republican. This he said in reply to a suggestion that he should employ J. T. Brady. He has said that he was not proceeding by process of law here to recover his bonds, but was operating directly with the Administration, and had assurances from his counsel that within ten days he would have possession of his bonds by an order from Washington. He is reported to have about $2,000 in the hands of his agent here which had not been paid over when he was arrested and that it will take all of that to get his bonds back.

It is further reported that Mr. Guthrey has entertained the proposition to supply a young man with money claimed to be necessary to get a commission in the U. S. Army with the design of having the officer when opportunity should present go over to the rebels with whatever information or other aid he could command. It is claimed that Guthrey entered into this scheme with avidity, and only held back the money because he needed all of his $2,000 above mentioned to use in getting possession of his bonds. It is further reported that Guthrey has sent the numbers of his bonds South and made arrangements to have payment refused except to himself.

Our detective department has obtained reports to the effect I have written, and if t true the man would be safest in a fortress. But lest there should be some mistake I would suggest that for the present the action if any should be, first, hold on to the bonds; second, require a parole that shall restrict his travels to the city of New York, where the police can observe him.

Yours, respectfully,

SETH C. HAWLEY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 9, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., New York.

SIR: I have received your communication of the 8th instant relative to John Garnett Guthrey. In reply I have to state that representations which appear to be entitled to credit have been made to me that Mr. Guthrey was engaged at the time of his arrest in conventing funds to aid in building a church at Petersburg, Va. I do not therefore deem it advisable at the present time to make a new order in his case. Still I hope you will continue the surveillance over his movements.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, December 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Understanding all sorts of efforts were making by Mr. Guthrey, who was lately a prisoner at Lafayette, to obtain possession of the bills,

