
insurgents who may arrive there, especially in the steamers from Europe, represents that the custom-house authorities have recently in several instances refused the necessary facilities for that purpose. As it is obviously impracticable for Mr. Kennedy efficiently to discharge that duty without the cordial co-operation of those authorities I will thank you to give such directions to the collector of the customs at New York as may tend for the future to obviate any similar cause of complaint on the part of Mr. Kennedy.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

STATE DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 2, 1861.

WILLIAM H. BARSE, Esq., Detroit, Mich.

SIR: This Department has occasion for the services of a discrete and active man at Detroit to detect and arrest disloyal persons, especially those who may be agentst of the insurrectionary States. You are accordingly appointed for that purpose at a compensation of $50 a month. You will be particularly on the watch for such persons who may pass into or from Canada on their way to or from Europe. In case any well-founded suspecion should be entertained against any such persons you will arrest him, secure his papers and give immediate notice by telegraph to this Department.

I am, sir, your, obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

(Same to John. C. Miller, Chicago.)

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., September 2, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT,

General-in-chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. c.

GENERAL: Flag Officer Stringham wishes to deliver to me 678 prisoners of war. There is capacity in Fort Lafayette for about fifty prisoners. There are forty-eight there now. Lieutenant Wood says he can fit up the gun galleries and receive 100 more, but in doing so less, and I therefore strongly object to receiving any of the Minnesota prisoners. I would respectfully suggest that Fort Independence, Boston Harbor, be assigned to the prisoners.

The commodore is lying off the fort awaiting instructions. Please answer at once.

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 3, 1861.

The Right Rev. JOHN HUGHES, Archbishop of New York.

SIR: I inclose a copy of a letter addressed to me by the superintendent of police at New York and of the affidavits to which it refers relative to the Rev. M. M. Hallinan, represented to be a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. If the representations in these are correct, it is presumed that you will agree with me that the reverend gentleman merits at least adminiton from his clerical superiors.

I remain, my dear sir, very truly, yours,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

