
State scrip and cash that was attached as property about to be applied to rebel use on the complaint and information of two of my officers I have been using the facilities of my department to obtain information in regard to the movements of Mr. Guthrey and his friends. By referring to my letters of August 24 you will see the amount found on Guthrey, as well as that found on his companion, George Miles. *

By the means alluded to I learn that Miles notwithstanding his oath to the contrary has hound his way to Richmond, and to-day Guthrey received a letter from him dated Richmond, December 4. To a person who has his confidence he (Guthrey) said that if his arrest had been delayed twenty-four hours they would have got $7,000 more on him than they did, as Mr. H. C. Hardy had procured for him that money's worth more which he had not had time to deliver over and that it still remained in Mr. Hardy's possession. And further he said that it was perfectly safe in Hardy's hands as Messrs. Moses Taylor and Stevenson (I have not yet ascertained what Mr. Stevenson) were the friends of Mr. Hardy, and the Government would not dare to disturb Mr. Hardy with such friends. He also to-day expressed great confidence in being able to recover the attached property through the influence of Messrs. Taylor and Stevenson even if the property was confiscated; that should they fail he had a last resort through Mr. Del. Smith, which he wished to avoid if possible, but did not give as a reason for avoiding the last resert that it would cost him heavily.

When he recovers the bonds, &amp;c., he will not attempt to go directly to the South but will go to Europe, thence to the West Indies and watch his chance to get home with his property. I would like to get possession of Miles' letter to him to prove his forfeiture of the condition of the release of Miles as well as to prove that Guthrey is in correspondence South in violation of his stipulation. But I would not like to rearrest a discharged prisoner without direct orders to that effect.

I would like to hear from you early on this business so as to be able to determine what course it is proper for me to take.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 11, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: I have received your letter of the 9th instant relative to John Garnett Guthrey. In reply I have to state that whenever you have conclusive evidence that he has violated the terms of his parole you will at once return him to Fort Lafayette.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

413 BROOME STREET, NEW YORK, December 11, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I have received the letter of the honorable Secretary of State of 9th December relating to Mr. John Garnett Guthrey. If it is proper

---------------

* See case of Miles, p. 533.

---------------

