
and go from England to Havana and thence find his wy into the rebel States; or if he could not do that to send the bonds to England and try his chance to get South from here. He also informed me that he had taken the numbers of most of the bonds that were seized just before he was taken and that he had sent the numbers to the governors of the several States by which they were issued and applied to have them repudiated and new ones issued in their stread if they should confiscate the bonds here. He told me the name ofhte firm of three lawyers (names not remembered) employed by him to get back his bonds. I asked him why he did not employ Brady. He replied that he had employed these lawyers because they were Black Republicans, and Hardy had advised him that they would have more weight with the Administration. He said that one of the lawyers had been at Washington on that business week before last and that he expected to have it settled every day.

He informed me about the 7th or 8th of December that he had received a letter from home dated the 4th of December informing him that they had seen a prisoner from Fort Lafayette who had broken his parole and he was certain it was Miles. He said this letter stated they dare not write much frearing he would receive the letters, but he said the letter contained more than they would think. He also said that he had written two or three letters home but did not know whether they were received. He said he would give anything to get home, and if the could get back his bonds he would not care if the whole town was burned.

He expresses his feelings very strongly with the Southern rebellion; that it never could be put down as long as they had athe South. He also hoped to see England at war with the United States; that that would be the best thing that could happen for the Southern States. He said that he had been informed that the official authorities here could be approached with money to get his bonds free, but he said he was intending to take his chance to get his bonds by Hardy and the lawyers who were backed by Moses Taylor and Mr. Stephens or Stevenson, president or cashier of some bank, and if he failed in that he should have an attempt made to see what could be dne with money with the officials. He said if he had any idea of being arrested he never should have had the bonds in his possession, but should have kept them locked up in Hardy's safe. He had taken them to his room to take the numbers when he was taken.

Hardy is from Norfolk, where there is a house of Hardy &amp; Bro. conducted by the brother of this Hardy. He said that as soon as he got this thing settled he would be off; he would not stay in the town a day. He boards at the New York Hotel, which is frequented chiefly by secessionists. He does not talk much; says he will not talk to Yankees; is very prudent. He spends the forepart of the day in Hardy's office, dines about 5 o'clock, and goes to bed at 9. He said they had means of corresponding with Richmond that the people here know nothing about, and I understand that Hardy is constantly receiving information or letters from Norfolk and Richmond, but he did not say this directly. If he had money in his possession I have no doubt he would have aided me in my pretended plan of getting South. And further saith not.

SAMUEL H. HYMAN.

Sworn before me this 22nd day of December, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief Clerk.

