
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

METROPOLITAN POLICE DISTRICT, New York City, ss:

Thomas P. Wood being duly sworn doth depose and say as follows: I live in New York. I have on several occasions been in company with Samuel H. Hyman whose affidavit is annexed, passing as his friend and as being of the same opinion as Hyman and Guthrey. I can therefore corroborate many of the statements of Mr. Hyman, and particularly his statement of the plan of Mr. Guthrey for getting his bonds and sending them to England and going there himself and from there to the Southern States. Guthrey has always expressed a desire to get his bonds and gett of home and all his talk has been favorable to secession. I also heard the statement of receiving the letter from Petersburg, Va., which spoke of the prisoner from Lafayette who had broken his parole, as stated in the afidavit of Mr. Hyman. And further saith not.

THOMAS P. WOOD.

Sworn before me this 22nd of December, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief Clerk.

413 BROOME STREET, NEW YORK, December 26, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: The proceedings for the condemmation of the funds found in possession of J. G. Guthrey are approaching a conclusion and will be disposed of in a few days. Under the present state of the law success is doubtful even with an earnest effort on the part of the officials, and unfortunately the desire to succeed is doubted in the bests informed quarters. This is a gentle statement of the belief entertained here. Under such circumstances to allow the case to go on now would be sure to result in defeat. The money does not belong to Mr. Guthrey but to sundry citizens, firms or companies South.

The allegation that he was here on this business for a church, according to his own showing has only this degree of truth. When he undertook to do this business for these parties who own the funds he required them instead of paying him for his services to subscribe $500 toward paying the debt of his favorite church, and all the evidence of this there is in own statement. The testimony recently taken shows that Mr. Guthrey only awaited the release of this money to go back to his home, and that he is as far from favorable to the Union as any Virginian.

If this proceeding is allowed to proceed now the result will be that the funds will be released; a not inconsiderable portion will remain with the New York lawyers who manage the business and the remainder go South to strengthen the rebellion. The sure method of preventing this is to direct a discontinuance of the legal process and order the funds to be sent to the State Department. As long as the funds are here the lawyers will not be idle. It is to be hoped that this course will be taken at once.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

SETH C. HAWHEY.

ROBERT BURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

