
for something like $2,000. I do not now recollect any other money I may have had, nor do not say that there is other money, as my letters and papers were taken from me.

For none of this money have I any receipt or acknowledgmet and deeming you to be the proper person to take and hold this money I have taken the liberty of writing to you on the subject to either obtain the money or an acknowledgment for the same. I claim of this money as my individual property the $1,225 in gold, the Virginia certificate of State stock for $1,000 and $200 of the Virginia bank notes; in all $2,425; also about $900 of the negotiable notes made payable in Richmond to my order. My individual property should at least be in your possession, as I am innocent of any act or attempt to violate the laws of the Government sufficient to place me in my present unpleasant situation, and could my case be properly heard and the proofs I could bring to bear in my case I have no doubt of my being released.

I shalll try and bear my confinement as a man unconscious of offense to the Government, hoping all will come right and trusting in your honor as an officer and a gentleman to protect my property as far as it lies in your power.

All of the property in my possessin belonged to private citizens. Will you have the kindness to let the letters written be forwarded and confer a favor by letting me know your determination about the money?

I remain, respectfully,

GEORGE MILES.

P. S. - I have only $10 in money and my meals cost me $1 per day. Unless you obtain my money or some portion of it from Mr. Kennedy I shall have no means of buying common necessities.

G. M.

OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE,

New York, August 24, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: At the time when Mr. George Miles, of Richmond, Va., was arrested Mr. Sergeant Young and Detective King of my force, who effected the arrest, found on his person and among his effects one certificate or bond of the State of Virginia for the par value of $1,000 and sundry bank bills, specie, checks, &amp;c., amounting in the gross to $13,129. 16, all of which property Miles admitted to me belonged to persons now residing in Richmond, excepting the Virginia State bond and $1,000 in gold which he claimed as his individual property. I have directed $200 of the amount to be placed in the charge of Lieutenant Colonel M. Burke for the personal use of Miles while in confinement. The balance is held for seizury by the U. S. marshal whenever he is prepared to libel it. Meanwhille I deem it proper to forward you an inventory of the property, which accompanies this note.

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

