
collected the greahis money and I was informed and so understood that this proclamation did not go into effect until the expiration of fifteen days.

If you have any other charge against me of disloyalty to the Government I humbly petition for an opportunity to clear myself, feeling confident that I can bring proof sufficient to convince you that I am simply a business man; have never taken any part in the secession of the Southern States. If I am held as a prisoner of war you did me a wrong as I am not a native of the South. I am from New Jersey.

Is there no way by which I can be restored to my wife and children? Cannot I give my parole to report in Washington and have a hearing, or can I not be released under bonds? Am I to be kept here to the ruin of my health while all my interests are to suffer and go to ruin? I beg of you to give me a hearing or at least let me know why I am detained here. I ask this much in the name of justice and humanity.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. MILES.

(Copy to Honorable William H. Seward.)

PHILADELPHIA, September 19, 1861.

J. LESLEY, Jr.

SIR: I send you my niece's letter in regard to Mr. Miles' imprisonment at Fort Lafayette. You can read it and then hand it to the general. You can tell him who A. J. Buckner is as he deals altogether with the South in the tobacco trade. He is worth $300,000. He says Miles is loyal and if necessary he will go his security for his appearance or for anything the general may want. I would say that my niece is a lady and daughter of A. J. Buckner, of this place. I hope you will urge it on him to have Miles released if not incompatible with the public interest. Please let me know what the general will do in the matter.

Oblige, yours, in a hurry,

T. T. DERINGER.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, September 19, 1861.

[Lieutenant General WILFIELD SCOTT.]

MY DEAR GENERAL: Mr. Miles has been arrested and I would refer you to my piece's letter in regard to his sentiments. The letter is long but it will pay you for its perusal. Her fkner, knows him well. He is the largest tobacco commission merchant in the United States, connected altogether with the South. He will go any amount of bail for Mr. Miles if you require it. Now, general, if it is no serious charge against Miles I do hope for the sake of humanity you will have him released. I could write you a volume but I know your time is precious. Anything you may require in regard to Miles' loyalty can be substantiated by Buckner and Woodward. I will leave it with you hoping you will answer.

Truly, your true friend,

T. T. DERINGER.

[Sub-inclosure.]

LINWOOD, September 13, 1861.

MY DEAR UNCLE: I presume you will be somewhat perplexed to see my name affixed to these pages for it has been some time since we met

