
and a much longer one since you received a note from me, but I hope by their rareness when they do arrive they will be doubly appreciated and the love for the writer strengthened. You are well aware that the Government has very properly found it necessary to take into safe-keeping men who have been known to possess rebel proclivities and at the same time, even in case of innocence, they are allowed but small chance of defense, and you know too there are men living in the very heart of the South who are loyal Union men to the backbone through afraid to express their sentiments there. Such a one is Mr. Miles. He came up here on his own private business and it was before the law passed prohibiting any money to be paid the rebel States. During his short stay in Philadelphia he ran down and took tea with us, and in course of conversation he remarked he had always been partial to the North and hoped ere long to persuade his wife leave the South forever and take up their abode in the North. (I write this to show you his feelings, and his friends knowing this it seems to me wors than criminal to hesitate in striving to have him released.) Mr. Woodward's grandma was present and asked him if he did not fear meeting with difficulties here, being a Southerner. He replied, "Oh, no; my business has nothing, nothing at all to do with either North or South. It is entirely of a private business nature and interferes with no one. " He had transacted his business and was on his way home when he was arrested and put in Fort Lafayette. If there ever was an unjust arrest it was this. He has one of the loveliest wives, who is quite delicate, and two children, and he can neither hear from nor see them. Is it not as bad as death and so sad? The arrest of those wretched traitors to their country's cause is a deed of charity to us all, but in this case it is a mistake and should be rectified. Now, uncle, for your part. Now, uncle, you know you have much influence with the Secretary of War, Mr. Cameron, and you can get almost any request you make granted, and I want you for my sake, for God's sake, have justice done this person. If I can induce you to have him released through your good influence I will consider it is the only righteous act of my life and my gratitude to you will be unspeit to say at any time and in any way I can repay you it shall be done with my whole heart. I could scarcely sleep last night thinking of that poor wife's feelings. God knows if she be still living. We are promised a rich reward if we "do justly and love mercy. " This will be both justice and mercy. Mr. Woodward and I were speaking of Mr. Miles last evening and he did not know exactly what to do, but thought he would see you and get your advice on the subject: but he is like other business men, puts things off until it is too late; and you know, dear uncle, blood is thicker than water and if an act of justice and mercy is to be done I would like one of my own relatives to be the means of effecting it. This is entirely between you and me. I will be sincerely obliged if you will answer as soon as you consider it and say what can be done. Mr. Woodward does not know I am writing you, neither will I tell him till I have heard from you. God in His mercy grant your answer may be hopeful. If Mr. W. calls upon you before you answer this do not say I have written you, only give him your good advice. I must close.

Believe me, dear uncle, prayerfully, your niece,

LAVINA.

Direct Mrs. T. W. Woodward, Linwood Station, Delaware County, Pa.

