
said some of the funds in his possession were his own; that the exact amount he could not state. We found also copies of letters purporting to have been sen to Boston urging and directing the shipping, disposing of and covering up the property and demands of his principals to avoid confiscation. It appears by his papers that he was agent of Mr. Thomas, an extensive merchant of Richmond.

Mr. Miles stated that he was not a Southern man; that he was born in New Jersey; had been long in business in the South; that for this reason probably he was employed to do this kind of business upon the idea that he could do it more advantageously than a mere Southern man, but that he had no connection with or sympathy with the rebellion. The letters that related to matters in Boston were sent to Boston; the other letters are with the marshal of the southern district of New York.

JOHN S. YOUNG.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 28th day of September, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief of Detectives.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 2, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., New York.

SIR: On the 25d ultimo I transmitted to you the papers in the case of George Miles. If you have not already done so will you please examine them as soon as you conveniently can and return them to this Department with your opinion as to the case?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 3, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let George Miles, a prisoner confined at Fort Lafayette, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. I transmit this other to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody, to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 3, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., New York.

SIR: Your report as to the case of George Miles dated October 1, 1861, with the inclosures has been duly received.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

