
FORT HAMILTON, October 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: According to your orders of the 3rd instant I have this day released George Miles * * * and herewith inclose [his] separate oath of allegiance and parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF NEW YORK, County of Kings, ss:

I, George Miles, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domectic or foreign and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

GEORGE MILES.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 5th day of October, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

FORT HAMILTON, October 5, 1861.

I, George Miles, do give my would of honor that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission of the Secretary of State, and also that I will do no act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection.

GEORGE MILES.

Witnesses:

CHARLES W. CHURCH.

J. C. LAY.

PHILADELPHIA, October 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: Mr. George Miles, of Richmond, Va., was arrested by the Government in New York City about the 19th day of August last and confined in Fort Lafayette. Having been acquainted and transacted business with him for a period of two years (and from all of our conversation and transactions with him we believe him to be a loyal citizen) we feel it a duty we owe Mr. Miles to put the Government in possession of such facts as have come under our immediate notice, to wit: Mr. Miles left Richmond for the purpose of making arrangements through us to carry on the manufacturing of tobaco in this city, and for the purpose of defraying his traveling expenses accepted from James Thomas, Jr., of Richmond, a power of attorney to close up his accounts in the Northern and Eastern cities. This detained him much longer than he anticipated and as he was about leaving for his home with his business but partially accomplished was arrested.

