
Mr. Miles is a native of Trenton, N. J., and is willing to bind himself to remove his family north of the Potomac if necessary to his release. He has but limited means, with a wife and several small children depending upon him. In all of our conversations with him he expressed himself decidedly as a Union man and is desirous of getting into business in the North and settling with his family amongst us.

We are, yours, respectfully,

BUCKNER, McCAMMON &amp; CO.

UNITED STATES, Eastern District of Pennsylvania:

David C. McCammon, of the city of Philadelphia, being duly sworn, says that he is a member of the firm of Buckner, McCammon & Co., merchants of the city of Philadelphia; that he knows the contents of the foregoing letter and that the same is true of his own knowledge.

D. C. McCAMMON.

Sworn to and subscribed before me at Philadelphia this 7th of October, 1861.

CHARLES F. HEAZLITT,

U. S. Commissioner.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 19, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq., Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: Herewith I transmit to you a letter received at this Department from George Miles relative to money, checks and notes taken from him at the time of his arrest. * Will you please consult with the U. S. district attorney and report to me what proceedings have been taken in the premises?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, October 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: Having been unable to obtain an interview with you I on yesterday obtained an interview with the President to get him to use his influence with you in my behalf. He appeared to take some interest in my case and may possibly have spoken to you on the subject. I have taken the liberty of writing to you to-day as I am compelled to return to Philadelphia this afternoon, my money not holding out. You are a father and can appreciate my feelings toward my absent family at a time like this and will excuse my perseverance for your permission to go to them. I was arrested by your order and imprisoned several weeks at a time when you were allowing others to reach their homes. No charge of disloyalty being maintained against me I was released by your order on the oath of allegiance and pledge of honor not to go home without your permission. This pledge I cannot break. If I was innocent at the time ofmy arrest, and you have an affidavit on file in your Department from one of the first houses in Philadelphia proving me to be loyal and that I was making arrangements to go into business and remove my family there to reside; if these statements are true, do you not in justice to yourself owe me some reparation, and will you not when you send home your released

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

