
prisoners give me permission to go with them? If you cannot do this will you not release me of so much of my parole as will allow me to get home by my own exertions?

Respectfully, yours,

GEORGE MILES.

111 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, October 24, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:

Inclosed I submit the affidavit of Mr. George Miles, whose property a list of which is given was seized under the direction of John A. Kennedy, esq., police superintendent of this city, August 24, 1861, and for the release of which he applies. The facts in the case are briefly these: Mr. Miles came North August 2, 1861, principally for the purpose of making arrangements to remove his business to New York or Philadelphia and also to James Thomas, of Richmond, to make collections, &amp;c. Soon after his arrival his property was seized and he taken to Fort Lafayette where he remained till October 5 when he was released upn the oath of allegiance, the examination in his case disclosing the fact that the gold lace, the only contraband property found in his possession, was not his property nor in any respect under his control and that he was merely engaged in his private business. The Government authorities admit that the act of August 6 does not apply to his case but claim to hold it under the act of July 13 and the President's proclamation of August 16. As you will observe Mr. Miles left Richmond two weeks before the proclamation was issued and therefore his errand was not then unlawful. Admitting therefore that he was collecting money to carry South, having done this without violating any law I submit to your consideration the hardship of depriving him of this property then lawfully in his possession. Added to this the fact that by this seizure he is deprived of all means of support renders this appeal for your consideration especially necessary. It seems to me also that in a legal point of view, apart from all other considerations, the seizure was premature as at most there was but the intent to proceed South. At the time of his arrest he was returning to the hotel at which he then occupied rooms and where he intended to remain till the following day at least.

Trusting that the case may receive your favorable consideration and soliciting as a great favor to Mr. Miles in his present situation an earln, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS G. RITCH.

[Inclosure.]

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK:

George Miles being duly sworn deposes and says that up to the 2nd day of August, 1861, he was a resident of Richmond, in the State of Virginia, and engaged in the manufacture of tobacco. At the time this depoment came North he brought a large number of letters with him directed to the relations and friends of wounded prisoners at Richmond, which he duly mailed as requested; that on the 2nd day of August, 1861, he left Richmond to make arrangements to remove his business to Philadelphia, it being impossible for him to continue it at Richmond. To defray his expenses he accepted a power of attorney from Mr. James Thomas, of Richmond, to wind up his business in the Northern cities. Deponent further states that while he was in the city of New York, to wit, on the

