
24th day of August, 1861, he was arrested by direction of John A. Kennedy, esq., superintendent of police, upon the charge as deponent was subsequently informed of collecting money to carry South; that the only property over which deponent had any control or in which he had any interest was the following: One Virginia 6 per cent bond of the denomination of $1,000; a package addressed to Messrs. J. T. and S. G. Thayer, Boston, Mass, containing $7,119. 16 in bank bills and certificates of deposit; bank bills and gold, $1,510; certified checks upon Bank of North America, New York, payable to the order of James Thomas, $4,500, and a package of notes belonging to Messrs. Buckner, McCammon &amp; Co., of Philadelphia, against parties in Richmond and given deponent for collection, amounting to $2,900; that one package cantaining gold lace, which is given in the list of property belonging to deponent, was not purchased by nor for deponent nor has he at any time had any interest therein, and the said package was given to deponent by a person named Jones, a resident of Richmond and an acqnent, in Maiden Lane near Broadway, with a request that deponent would take it to the hotel at which deponent and said Jones were then staying as he the said Jones was going in different direction; that upon deponent's arrival at this hotel with the package in his possession he was arrested and removed to Fort Lafayette, where he remained from August 22 to October 5, when he was released upon taking the oath of allegiance; that the said Jones was also on the same day arrested, but as deponent was informed was released on the plea of ill health and has since returned South, as deponent believes. Deponent says that he first met said Jones at Philadelphia, and that at no time have the said Jones and the deponent had any business relations in common or any other intercourse than that of acquintance. Deponent further states that it is and has been since his arrival North his intention and desire to remoee his business and family to the North and remain here; that his entire property now remaining to him is included in the property seized and now held by the New York police department, and that if said property were confiscated this deponent would be entirely without means to engage in business or to support his family; that he has never done any act or thing inconsistent with his obligations as a loyal citizen of the United States Government, and that as evidence of his good faith in the matter he is willing that the property may be placed in charge of deponent's attorney in New York or of such other of deponent's friends as may be acceptable to the U. S. district attorney and no part of the same delivered to deponent except with consent of the said district attorney.

GEORGE MILES.

Sworn to before me this 24th day of October, 1861.

CHARLES NETTLETON,

Notary Public in the City of New York.

PHILADELPHIA, November 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: I have endeavored in every honorable way to obtain your consent to go to my family under parole of or to be released from my parole to you. You not only refuse to allow me to pass by your permission but you refuse to allow me the privilege of writing to my family. You are well aware that I have never been disloyal

