
to the Government, for you have ample proof of my loyalty. You had me imprisoned within the walls of Fort Lafayette several weeks when I should have been released on examination. I was released by your orders, taking the oath of allegiance to support the Constitution and giving my pledge of honor to you individually not to go or correspond South without your permission. You have e allowed the New York police to take and keep my property, compelling me to live on the bounty of others for my present support. I have written to Mr. Frederick [W.] Seward, Assistant Secretary of State, requesting permission to go for my family or to be returned to my imprisonment, as I cannot enjoy my liberty believing as I do that my family are in great distress about me and possible suffering many privations. I have appealed to you by letter being refused a personal interview and you refuse to answer my petition.

Believing that you do not intend allowing me to go for my family I have no other resource left me but to throw up my parole and on your order return to my prison. Therefore I now, sir, give you fair and honorable notice that I do not after the expiration of four days consider myself in honor bound to wait your permission to return home. I shall respect my oath of allegiance but shall consider myself untrammeled as respects my parole. My address in this city is Messrs. Buckner, McCammon &amp; Co., where I shall await your pleasure four days and will report to any fortress you may order in that time should you think it proper not to send me back to my imprisonment. And if I should succeed in reaching my home I shall consider myself bound to return with my family. *

Respectfully, yours,

GEORGE MILES.

413 BROOME STREET, NEW YORK, December 11, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: * * * I am getting rid of the little confidence I have possessed in Southern men. George Miles who was set free on my report (probably) has evaded his parole I suppose, as he is now said to be in Richmond. I should like to know what were the conditions if any of his release. +

Yours, respectfully,

S. C. HAWLEY.

Case of Charles Barkley and the Schooner H. Middleton.

Charles Barkley was master of the schooner H. Middleton, which vessel was captured outside the port of Charleston, S. C., August 21, 1861, and conveyed to New York. Captain Barkley was conveyed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with having run the blockade and with being disloyal to the United States Gevernment. In a lette of December 2, 1861, he requests the Secretary of State to have him exchanged for some person who may have been captured by the insurgent privateers, thus confessing his sympathy with the rebel cause. The U. S. district attorney

---------------

* See case of Guthrey, p. 509 et seq. ; see Kennedy to Seward, p. 519; Hawley to Seward, p. 544, and affidavit of Hyman, p. 522 for, further information as to Miles' movements.

+ The omitted part of this letter relates to case of John Garnett Guthrey. See p. 520.

---------------

