
for the southern district of New York, made application for the examination of Captain Barkley in the U. S. district court in a cause pending for the condemnation of the schooner H. Middleton as a prize, and in compliance therewith an order was issued from the Department of State dated January 14, 1862, directing Colonel Dimick to deliver Captain Barkley to U. S. Marshal Murray, of New York, and on the same day an order was made directing U. S. Marshal Murray to receive the prisoner and convey him to New York and after his examination to take him to Fort Lafayette. U. S. Marshal Murray received Captain Barkley and conveyed him to New York. No information has been received at the Department of State this February 15, 1862, showing whether or not Captain Barkley has been again committed to Fort Lafayette. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 16, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Application having been made to this Department for leave for Mr. Archibald, the British consel at New York, to visit certain of his countrymen at Fort Lafayette captured on board the schooner Henry Middleton off Charleston you may grant the desired permission.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 21, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Among the prisoners on board the schooner Henry Middleton, recently captured off Charleston and sent into New York, was a Danish subject named Andres Stambol, who with others is now understood to be at Fort Lafayette. It being desirable for the Danish consul at New York to have an interview with that person you will grant it in the presence of a commissioned officer.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, September 22, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: It is my duty earnestly to request you to give immediate and serious attention to the inclosed copy of a dispatch which I have received to-day from Her Majesty's consul at New York. I have learned from it that not less than nine British subjects are confined in irons in an overcowded casemate in Fort Lafayette for no other crime (as is stated) than being found on board vessels captured on the charge of attempting to run the blockade. The following is a list of these unfortunate men: William Simms, William Williams, Joseph Chfton, Richard Revel, forming part of the crew of the schooner H. Middleton, and Bernard Coogan, passenger by the same vessel, imprisoned on the 7th instant; William Smith, John Angus, Charles McClenahan and William Perry, shipwrecked seamen taken on board a small coasting craft, the Colonel Long, imprisoned on the 13th instant.

I have the honor to be, sir, with the highest consideration, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

35 R R-SERIES II, VOL II.

