
I send to your care the Right Reverend Catholic Bishop Verot, of Georgia, accompanied by his priest and deacon and three young persons, also Miss Jones, of Virginia.

I am, with the most respectful consideration, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 5, 1861.

GEORGE A. COFFEY, U. S. Attorney, Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: You are hereby authorized to cause the seizure of the Register, at Norrstown, and the Carbon Democrate, at mauch Chunk, if in your opinion there is sufficient ground for proceeding against them under the act of Congress approved 6th of August, 1861.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 6, 1861.

WILLIAM DUNN, Esq.,

Meachinicsville, Saratoga, County, N. Y.

SIR: You are appointed a confidential agent of this Department at Rouse's Point. Your compensation will be at the rate of $ 50 a month. Your duty will be to examine the passengers who pass the point either way, and if you should have good reason to suspect any of them to be in the service of the insurrectionary States you will cause them to be arrested and promptly sent to Fort Lafayette, N. Y., informing this Department by telegraph in order them Colonel Burke may be requested to receive them.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

PROCLAMATION.

PADUCAH, September 6, 1861.

TO THE CITIZENS OF PADUCAH:

I have come among you no as an enemy, but as your friend and fellow-citizen; not to injure or annoy you, but to respect the rights and to defend and enforce the righst of all loyal citizens. An enemy in rebellion against our common Government has taken possession of and planted its guns upon the soil of Kentucky and fired upon our flag. Hickman and Columbus are in his hands. He is moving upon your city. I am here to defend you against this enemy and to assert and maintain the authority and sovereignty of your Government and mine. I have nothing to do with opinions. You can pursue your usual avocations without fear or hindrance. The strong arms of the Government is here to protect its friends and to punish only its enemies. Whenever it is manifest that you are able to defend yourself, to maintain the authority of your Government, and protect the rights of all its loyal citizens, I shall withdraw the forces under my command from your city.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

