
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 14, 1862.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: It has bee represented to this Department that the testimony of Charles Barkley, a prioner confined in Fort Warren, is important in the prize cause of the schooner Henry Middleton and cargo. You will therefore proceed to Fort Warren, take the prisoner into your custody and convey him to New York. After he shall bave been examined you will commit him to Fort Lafayette and report to his Deparment. I inlcose the necessary order addressed to Colonel Justin Dimick.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 14, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

SIR: You will please deliver Charles Barkley, a prisoner confined in Fort Warren, into the custody of Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal for the southern district of New York.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, January 21, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In compliance with the order contained in your dispatch of the 14th instant I have transferred Charles Barkley, captain of the H. Middleton, from Frot Warren, Boston, to this city, and after undergoing an examination before the prize commissioners I shall in pursuance of the same order confine him in Fort Lafayette.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

BORT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

P. S. - The prisoner was orginally committed in the same of Charles Bartlett.

FORT LAFAYETTE, March 13, 1862.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: After leaving Charleston, S. C., on board schooner Henry Middleton bound to Liverpool, of which vessel I was master, I was captured by the U. S. sloop of war Vandalia on the 21st day of August, 1861. On the 22nd of the same month I was transferred to U. S. steam frigate Roanake, off Charleston. On the 6th of September I was again transferred to steamer Quaker City, then lying in Hampton Roads; there put in irons and brought to Fort Lafayette where I was placed in company with privateersmen in a small room much croweded, and in leg chains or irons. About the 10th of September I was released from the irons and on the 14th of September I was removed to Fort Wood at Bedloe's Island and placed in solitary confinment until the 30th day of September, when with other prisoner I was removed to Fort

