
APRIL 29, 1862.

I, Charles Barkley, of Charleston, S. C., do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States.

CHAS. BARKLEY.

Signed in presence of-

E. D. WEBSTER,

Secretary.

Case of Jerome R. Barber.

August 21, 1861, Jerome R. Barber was arrested in Onondage County, N. Y., and indicted for treason in the U. S. district court at Auburn, of which the Attoney-General was informed by telegraph from the district attorney of the northern district of New York the same day. He was taken to Fort Lafayette by order of the State Department and placed in custody there on the 24th of August. The evidence shows that Barber is a native of Onodage County, N. Y., where he resided till two of three years before his arrest, when he went to Louisiana from whence he wrote a letter to his brother which was received and show a short time before his arrest, in which he stated that he was a military engineer in the Confederate Army and was going North to build forts on the Mississippi; that Louisiana was the State of his adoption and he should figh for it as long as he had an arm to defend it. In the letter he mentioned his brother who land joined the Federal Army, and he said he had rather he were dead. Barber came to Onodaga County about three weeks before his arrest. After he came home he stated that he had a commission in the Confederate Army; that he buit the fortifications in Vicksburg, Miss. After his return he was driving about the country with livery teams and excited suspicion that he was engaged in mischief. After his arrest he admitted to the officer who arrested him that he had been in the service of the Confederate States as an engineer and that he built the forts at Vicksburg. It appears from his own admissions that Jerome R. Barber is a traitor. Having been transfered to Fort Warren that said Barber remained in custody there February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty".

AUBURN, August 21, 1861.

Honorable EDWARD BATES, Attorney-General:

A man is arrested here who is employed in Mississippi as he says as military engineer and was about to return and had arranged to carry letters to the South. I caused his arrest and indictment. The evidence would hardly convict him of treason but he is an unsafe man to go the enemy. His name is Jerome Barber. What shall I do-let him bail or hold him?

WM. A. DART,

U. S. District Attorney.

