
to Louisville and who would mail it there. The letter stated the he (Jerome) was a military engineer in the Confederate Army and was going North to build forts on the Mississippi; that Louisiana was the State of h) adoption and he should fight for it as long as he had an arm to defend it. In the letter he mentioned his brother who had joined the Federal Army, and he said he had were dead. There was a slip of paper in the letter that appeared to have been cut from a daily newspaper that stated Jerome had been appointed and engineer on the levee works. The letter was inclosed in an envelope and bore the postmark of Owego, in this State. Witness further stated:

Jerome Barber came to Onondaga about three weeks (the examination was taken August 20, 1861.) He has had a livery team from Syracuse and has been driving about the country a great deal. After he came home he stated that he had a commission in the Confederate Army and that he built the fortifications in Vicksburg, Miss. I tried to get the letter after I shaw it but found it had been destroyed or secreted.

R. R. Lowell, deputy U. S. marshal, Syracuse, N. Y. was examined and testified that about two weeks before a justice of the peace residing at Onondaga Hill gave him notice that a man who had been an officer in the Confederate service was running about the country with livery teams as he thought for mischief. He referred me to Mrs. Castle, who made the complaint before U. S. Commissioner William C. Ruger, of Syracuse, N. Y. I arrested Barber and made search for the letter but could not find it. Barber was at William Earl's, in Marcellus, about eighteen miles from Syracuse, when I found him. He admitted to me that he had been in the service of the Confederat States as an enigneer and that he built the forts at Vicksburg. He stated that there was $18,000 due him on levee bonds, and that he must return to Louisiana soon or suffer great loss.

The witnesses are all credible and left no doubt upon the mind of the district attorney as to the truth of their statements, and that Barber was a rebel officer and intended soon to return South to join the rebel forces. The grand jury found a bill against him for treason but there is no evidence upon which to offense. He has powerful friends who seemed anxious for his release and who have undoubtedly extered themselves in his behalf, but from all the information that has come to the knowledge of the district attorney he thinks he ought not to be at large.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. O. TAPPAN,

Assistant District Attorney.

ELBRIDGE, ONONDAGA COUNTY, N. Y., October 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: The undersigned takes the liberty of writing to you in behalf of his friend Mr. Jerome Barber, who is now a state prisoner in Fort Lafayette. If this epistle should do him no good I pray you let it do him no harm. Mr. Barber was a private pupil of mine in the spring and summner of 1856; lived in my family. I taught him the higher mathematical sciences and qualified him to be a navigator, teacher or engineer. I am a very radical Republican; have always acted against the radical Democrats, and at that time (1865) Mr. Barber, thenm twenty-six years of age, held similar sentiments-at least so far as I now remember. That was the year of those outrages in Kansas

