
ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. TROOPS, Numbers 82. Key West, Fla., September 6, 1861.

1. Within ten days from this date all male citizens of the island of Key West who have taken the oath of allegiance will send their names to these headquarters to be registered.

2. Within thirty days from this date all the citizens of this island are required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States.

3. At the termination of sixty days all citizens of this island who have failed and refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States will be removed from Key West. This will also apply to their families and the families of those who have left the island to join the Confederate States.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

DEER CREEK, PICKAWAY COUNTY, OHIO,

September 7, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON.

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will please find clipping from Cirleville Watchman, an incendiary sheet published at Circleville, Pickaway County, Ohio. Such should not be tolared in our midst, and know of no other lawful means to stop such sheets from circulating among us than by the War Department at Washington, D. C.

I remain, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL HILL,

Postmaster, Deer Creek, Pickaway County, Ohio.

[Inclosure-Editorial extract* from Circleville Watchman.]

The nameless boodies who write editorials for the Cincinnati Commercial are very profuse in the use of the word "tory. " All who do not shout hosannas to Able Lincoln and indorse his unconstitutional and unholy war upon the people of the South are denounced as tories. These contemptible jobbernowls who blather about tories do not know the definition of the word. Mr. Webster says it is an Irish word "the name given to an adherent to the ancient constitution of England and to the ecclesistical hierarchy. " In England the Tories formed a party in favor of a strong government of more arbitrary principles than were advocated by the party called Whig. In America during the revolution those who favored the claims of Great Britain and justified the Government in all its usurpations under the pretense of enforcing the laws, just as the abolitionists are doing now, were called tories. Those who refused to sustain a government which was administrered by tyrants for the oppression of the people were called rebels. The word "tory" cannot be found in the Constitution or any of the statutes of the United States, and when applied to the men who oppose this damnable abolition war and the unconstitutional and outrageous acts of a wouldbe military desptism which have destroyed this Union it has just as much meaning and sense as we generally find in the fanatical cant of such blockheads and fifty blackguards as preside over the columns of the Cincinnati Commercial and other treasonable abolition sheets.

---------------

* There were other extracts inclosed, only one of which is printed as a fair sample of the tone of the whole. -COMILER.

---------------

