
and the worse than outrage against Senator Sumner, and we were much excited about these things. Mr. Barber said one day that he would take his rifle and march to Kansas and help to drive out and exterminate the salve-holders there were it not that and election was soon to be held which be thought would change the course of things. You can bee by this that he has no natural sympathy of slavery or slaveholders. Soon after this Mr. Barber went to some place near New Orleand where a relative of his had some iron works, he acting for a while as clerk. He did not like this employment very much and he sought a place of assistant engineer in keeping up the embankements against the river at Lake Providence in Louisiana. The chief engineer being a Southern and not well versed in science soon discovered that Mr. Barber was more at home in the business than himself, and he being wealthy and not liking the responsibility Mr. Barber was offered the place with a salary of $3,000. This is his story, but there is little reason to doubt it for I received letters from him postmarked Lake Providence with Mr. Barber's name and title of State engineer printed on the envelope. Now we must consider that Mr. Barber was a young man. The people about his early home had done nothing for him. His new friends at the South had done everything for him and we should not wonder if it turned his head. War came; his business was interrputed, his loyalty for the South probably suspected because he was from New York and his salary cut off. He returned to his early home disappointed and probably embittered and in his debates with the rustic inhabitants of his native hills no dobut he used strong language, and I am convinced that this is the first of his offending.

The report has bee that he was engineer at Memphis but I think this is not true. It was also said that he was commissioned to purchase provisions and supplies for the Southern army. I do not know how this is but I do not believe it. He has too much common sense to boats of such things among his country associates if it were really true. He is one who is sometimes fond oof boasting and like all boasters his truths become very elastic. It is the opinion of those who know him best that of the distinction that the Government has given him and that were he set at liberty he would have no power to do the country harm and I doubt whether he would have the disposition to do so. I write this letter without his knowledge, leave or approbation. It is true I received a letter from him a few days since on a scientific subject and his only complaint in it is that he is accused of crimes without being granted a trial, and at first view does look hard and is in direct opposition to America professions, but a nation in war must take care of itself in spite constitutions and of technicalities in law.

Yours, in behalf of justice,

H. N. ROBINSON.

P. S. - The Republican here are indignant against President Linclon for his modification of General Fremont's proclamation. We are all for General Fremont, right or wrong.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd of Febraury instant the following prisoners confined in Fort Warren upon their engaging upon

