
honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States: J. R. Barber. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, March 17, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

SIR: In reply to yours of the 15th I have the honor to report that the following-named persons have taken their parole and left agreeably to your order of the 21st ultimo: J. R. Barber. * * *

I am, sir, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Cases of Mrs. Greenhow and Messrs. Walker and Van Camp.

Mrs. Greenhow* was arrested on the 23rd day of August, 1861, in the city of Washington by order of the War Department and was placed under military guard at her own house. She was afterward transferred to the Old Capitol Prison. She was charged with being a sply in the interest of the rebels and furnishing the insurgent generals with important information relative to the movements of the Union forces. At the time of her arrest a number of cipher letters and a large quantity of correspondence containing military information evidently intendent for the insurgents were found torn into fragments in the stove where they had probably been cast by her. Some of these fragments were assorted and placed together so as to be read and copied. Mrs. Greenhow while imprisoned did not hesitate to express her sympathy for the success of the rebelion. The said Rose O'N. Greenhow remained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day she was transferred to the charge of that Department.

William J. Walker was arrested by the provost guard in Washington, August 23, 1861, and was committed to Thirteenth Street Prison; from thence transferred to the Old Capitol Prison by order of General Porter. He was charged with being engaged in contraband and treasonable correspondence with the rebels. At the time of his arrest he was entering Mrs. Greenhow's house at a very late hour of the evening of the day on which she was placed under surveillance. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 19, 1861, directing General Porter to release Walker on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither leave the city of Washingy of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government, nor hold any correspondence with persons residing in those States without permission form the Secretary of State and that he will do no act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. Walker refused to take the above-prescribed oath

---------------

* In connection with these cases see cases of Thompson and

---------------

McArthur, Mrs. Baxley and Mrs. Morris, post.

36 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

