
and stipulation on the 19th of November. Subsequently he signified his willingness to take the oath in the from it had been tendered to him, and did take it and was released November 26, 1861.

A. Van Camp was arrested in Washington about the 21st of December, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State and committed to the Old Capitol Prison. The chages against Van Camp were that he was a spy and aided in the escape of Dr. J. C. Herdon, late of the U. S. Army, who deserted and carried to the rebels important infromation, and also that Van Camp not onlyt consented byt sanctioned the elistment of his son in the rebel army. It appears from the report made to the provost-marshal by Major Allen, his agent, that Van Camp's son was wounded at the battle of Bull Run and that in vilation of the President's proclamation Van Camp clandestinely passed the lines of the Federal Army and visited the leaders of the rebellion, and was allowed to pass amongst them without let or hindrance, enjoying their entire confidence. The said A. Van Camp remained in custody at the Old Capitol Prison February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Deparment of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of the Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty".

WASHINGTON. September 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: I think there must be some misaprehension in the case of Mr. William J. Walker, now imprisoned in this city on the supposed charge of treasonable correspondence with the enemy. Nothing so much surprised me on my arrival in this city a few days ago as the news of his arrest, for I have known Mr. Walker intimately for years past and have seen no occasion to entertain other than the highest esteem for him politically and personally. Up to a very recent period-the time of my departure from here to North Carolina-Mr. Walker had uniformly expressed himself to me as becam a loyal and patriotic man. Did I believe him otherwise I would be the last to intervence in his belahf. But I have confidence that an investigation of his case will disclose his entire innocence of what is probably only a malignant and false charge.

I ask you, dear sir, respectfully but earnestly under the peculairly trying circumstances of Mr. Walker's case to use your efforst toward a speedy examination of the charge against him. He has an aged mother and a family mainly dependent on him for their support. The humiliation of imprisonment on a suspicion so disreditable and infamous as treason I know deeply affects the members of his household, and in justice to them suffering as they are with him Mr. Walkere should receive a prompt and impartial trial. I desire this letter to be filed with any papers the provost-mashal may have in the case to be used in behalf of Mr. Walker.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHALERS HENRY FOSTER.

49 WALL STREET, NEW YORK CITY, October 12, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I understand that Mr. William J. Walker, of the city of Washington, D. C., was arrested some weeks since and now is confined in said city under suspicion of disloyalty to the Government. Permit me to say that in the summer and fall of 1853 I occupied a house on the

