
lady, and with her it has served our purpose includidng the one great service of saving General Bonham from a disastrous surprise on the 17th of July. I hear from another source that a reward is offered for the key. I am inclined to furnishe it through a person in Washington and let the friend get the consideration, for I repeat the poseession of the key can do them no possible good now nor can it prejudice any one. My suspicion has been exicted by the way the value of the key is dwelt upon in this note and the desire to get at it on part of the enemy, for I cannot doubt that an expert could unravel it.

I know not who wrote the letter signed A. M. H. The place of attack he indicates is one that Doctor Van Camp has just come here to inform us has actually been determined on as the place of descent by the Annapolis armanda. Callan, clerk of Senate Military Committe, is informant. It is doubted here, however, but the army been put in order for such an exigency.

Last night I telegraphed information sent me that Cape Fear River, Smithville, &amp;c., were the real points of attack. This came from one (Washington, 24th instant) with capacity and with to make a most efficient emissary. Circumstances have placed her en rapport with me lately and I expect a good deal of timely, actue obeservation of a useful character from her, but as I cannot be altogether certain of her faith all with be received with caution and nothing communicated to her, as was my course I may also say with Mrs. G. The person in question communicates the name of an alien just from Protsmount, Va., one E. B. Lukins, who is said to have given so much information deemed of value that he has already been commissioned. This man had drawings of batteries in the Peninsula. He, she says, has a brother-in-law by name of Ford now in the works at Sewell's Point from whom he learned a signal in use by us when our vessels are to run the blockade of Your River. If there is such a signal it has been communicated, be assured. Generals Johnston and Beauregard think the matter ought to be examined into.

You rightly say the events of the last six months seem all a dream. The most dreamlike thing in the world's history is the presence here in Fairfax County in the month of October, 1861, twelve months from the time you were in San Franciso, of two hostile armies of fomidable size such as now confront each other.

Be assured I shall be pleased to be of the least personal service to you in this quarter.

Yours, truly,

THOMAS JORDAN.

[Numbers 2.]

CENTERVILLE, January 18, 1862.

[The following] respectfully transmitted for the information of the War Department by instructions from General Beauregard.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 28, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: I wrote yesterday giving you some information additional to that contained in my dispatch the day before. I ommited to say yesterday that I inclosed a dispatch from our friend Mrs. Greenhow, which I hope reached you to-day. I also inclosed one from our friend in B. To-day I have it in my power to say that Kelley is to advance on Winchester. Stone and Banks are to cross and go to Leensburg. Burnside's fleet is to engage the batteries on the Potomac and McClelan & Co. will move on Centerville and Manassas. This move will be made next

