
had made them all they were. She had her secret and insidious agents in all parts of this city and scattered over a large of country. She had a long list of names arranged with great care and in alphabetical order composed of persons upon whom she and the other enemies of the Government had calculated to rely and who were to be rewarded when they should have completed its overthrow. She had aplhabets, numbers, ciphers and various other not metioned ways of holding intercourse with traitors unknown to any but themselves; all of which means she was in active use of at time of and subsequent to her arrest. In the circle of her influence were very many women of various ages as well as men, which women like herself bore to the friends of the Government the most defiant habit. They openly talked of and as openly wished that the rebel leaders and their armed legions might take possession of Washington and hurl from powewr by force of arms the legally chosen and duly constituted authorities of the people of the United States. These women paid their visits to the camps of the rebel generals, gave them the right had of fellowship, extended an invitation to them to come and take our nation's capital and promised them every adi they had power to render. h them on such visits letters to those generals; letters which had been written by our collected at the house of Mrs. Greenhow; letters containing the most valuable information-all designed to aid the rebels in striking all the more effective blows. Statisfical facts were thus obtained and forwarded that could have been found nowhere but in the nation archives, thus leading me to the conculstion that such evidence must have been obtained from employes and agents in the various Department of the Government.

I have further to report that for some day previous to the arrest of Mrs. Greenhow I had several of my operatives keeping watch over her house and also over the houses and persons of several who were well known to be in sympathy with Mr. Greenhow and with other traitors and rebels against the Government. On the ngiht previous to her arrest while I was keeping watch at and about the house of Mrs. Greenhow her house assisted by several of my operatives, and officer of the Army left her house at a late hour of the night and was followed by myself and one of my operatives, who when he discovered me commenced to run and was followed by myself and operative at a rapid gait, leading us to his quarters, where when we came up close behind him he called for the guard and ordered us both under arrest. The officer the went upstairs while I halted and looked at my watch. Said officer returned in twenty minutes with a revolver in his hand, saying that he went upstairs on purpose to get the revolver. The iquiry arises, was it for that purpose he staid thus or for the more probable one of hilding or destroying the evidence of his guilt obtained of Mrs. Greenhow or furnished to her; that I reguested said officer to send word for me to Mr. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, to General McClellan or to General Porter, all of which he refused to do, ordering us (myself and operative) into a most filthy and uncomfortable place under guard until morning, when we were discharged by Mr. Secretary Scott in person.

Such is the character and such were the associations of Mrs. Greenhow at the time of her arrest, since which time she has not ceased to lay plans, to attempt the bribery of off in charge, to make us of sings from the windows of her house to her friends on the street, to communicative with such friends and through them as she supposed send information to the rebel in ciphers requirding much time to dicipher-all of which she supposed she was doing through an officer

