
NEW YORK, September 9, 1861.

[Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of Stafe.]

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: I received in due course your letter of the 3rd instant togetherr with a copy of the documents from the superintendent of police in regard to Rev. Mr. Hallinan.

This is an unfortunate, fallen and degraded priest; and outcast in fact unrecognized, and any authority of the Catholic Church. He fell into bad company, and bad as he is I think the man Fabre is still worse. Mr. Kennedy and his next adviser, Inspector Leonard, had been with me not more than half an hour before your communication was received.

The atecedents of Hallinan were proved to have been disreputable, but not at all in any connection with the complaint of Fabre. I told Mr. Kennedy that I thought he should be sent to the penitentiary for ninety-seven years and four months, but he said that you had signified tohim that Hallinan might be discharged.

You suggest at the end of your letter that this man merits admonition from his clerical superior. Alas, he has no clerical superiors in the Cathilic Church. He is an outcast, and when he offends against the laws of the couthry, especially in this city, Mr. Kennedy is or ought to be his superior.

I remain, as ever, your obedient servant,

JOHN,

Archbishop of New York.

P. S. -Doctor Fitzgerald, captain of Company F, of Salem, should in my opinion be inquired into as the friend of Hallinan.

J[OHN],

Archbishop.

OFFICE OF THE BRECKINRIDGE COAL AND OIL COMPANY,

Cloverport, Ky., September 9, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

DEAR SIR: I have learned that a man was in this place yesterday, a member of a large mercantile firm in Louisville. His object here was to try and arrange with the merchants here to receive goods from their firm and forward them on to Tennessee by teams, they to receive a portion of the profits, the firm in Louisville to ship the goods to the merchants here as having ben shold them for their trade here. This man said he had already sent on to the Southern Confederacy, smuggled, as he termed it, by shipping the goods down the river in the way here proposed, over $200,000 worth, and when it was suggested that the pay in Southern scrip was not good, he replied that they were so anxious to get the goods that they would pay in spiece (gold and silver), and that he had had no other pay offered him. He also said the steamer John Gault that passed here the day before had on $30,000 worth of goods to be landed at Owensborough, and to be sent from there to merchants in Russellville, goods that their firm had shipped to merchants there ostensibly for their trade. I did not learn the name of the said Louisville firm, as it was communicated to me in such a way that I did not like to inquisitive, but I can find out the name of the firm if desired. There is no question but that there is a large quantity of goods, provisions, &amp;c., finding their way to the Confederate Army by being shipped down the Ohio from Louisville and Cincinnati. The

