HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., December 4, 1861.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 19th of November last in accordance with an order from the Secretary of State addressed to yourself, and as I reported to you in full at the time, I tendered through one of my operatives to William J. Walker, a prisoner in the Old Capital Building, the usual oath of allegiance with a view to his taking it and being deischarged from custody. He declined to take such oath for reasons satisfactory to himself (which I reported to you in full at the time), and was left as he was found in prison. Subsequently it sems said Walker singified his willingness to take the oath in the form it had been tendered to him, and in accordance with your orders on the 26th of November the oath was again tendered to him, when he took it and was thereupon discharged from prison. I have the honor to hand you the oath inclosed herewith duly executed to be sent to the Secretary of State in accordance with orders coming from that Department.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

E. J. ALLEN.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, November 26, 1861.

I, William J. Walker, of Washington, D. C., do solemnly swear upon the Holy Evangelistes of Almighty God without any mental reservation that I will at any and all times hereafter and under all circumstances yield a hearty and willing support to the Constitution of the United States and to the Government thereof; that I will neither take up arms nor aid those in arms against said Government; that I will not enter any of the States now in insurrection against they authority of said Government nor will I leave the city of Washington, D. C., without permission of the Secretary of State; nor will I hold any correspondence whatsoever with any person within said States now in insurrection during the rebellion excepting be permission from the Secretary of State; also that I will do no act hostile or injurious to the Union of the States, nor will I give aid, comfort or assistance to the enemies of the Government whether foreign or domestic, and that I will defend the flag of the United States and the armies fighting under if from insult and injury if it be in my power so to do, and that I will in all things deport myself as a good and loyal citizen of the United States.

WM. J. WALKER.

Witness:

W. B. HALL.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of November, 1861.

THOMAS C. DOWN,

Justice of the Pease for Washington County, D. C.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 12, 1861.

General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL: The provost-marshal will inform Mrs. Greenhow that her correspondence with the commanding general of the army besieging

