
by Van Camp, who knew his object in requiring it to be desert from the U. S. Army and carry dispatches to the rebel government at Richmond.

Having obtained from various independent sources reliable information of Van Camp's acting as a spy for the rebels, forwarding information procured in frequent visits to our camps in Virginia and actively aiding all in his power to overthrow the Government of the United States, I directed his arrest to be effected, which was accrdingly done. The next step was to take the depositions of persons who were acquainted with him. The substance of the concurent testimony thus obtained is to the effect that his sentiments and sympathies are entirely with the rebel movement and opposed to this Government. In addition, however, to treasonable expressions of a general character there are particular expressions and acts requiring a special notice. George Stabler who is intimately acquiring with Van Camp, testifies that the latter expressed satisfaction at his son joining the rebel army and sanctioned his going; that he had visited Manassas after the battle of Bull Run (in which his son was wounded), and that he always seemed to exult at any defeat of the Federal forces. My operative remarks in reference to the testimony of the above witness that it was given very unwilingly, and that the witness knows more about Van Camp than he is willing to tell. The cause of his unwilligness is presumed to be the intimacy and friendship existing between Van Camp and himself, which gives additional weight to the testimony thus elicted, especially when it is considered that the allegations are amply sustained by other testimony.

According to the deposition of Francis Reeside Van Camp told him that on his visit to Manassas he had obtained for his wounded son a position as orderly to General Beauregard. Onm Reeside's remarking that he was trying to get a place under Government Van Camp replied that it would be of use for the Souake this town. Reeside understood from Van Camp's manner that he had communication with the South. Van Camp furthermore stated to this witness that he had been in Missouri and they were fixing a plan there to kill the Duch (Federals) and that in a month they would all cleared out. Reeside hear him tell a man named Francis that he would be damned if he would fight against the South, and abused Francis for enlisting in the Federal Army.

Rev. William [D] Haley, chaplain to the Seventeenth Massachusetts Regiment, states that he has heard Van Camp say that he was ready and willing to take up arms in defense of the South and secession. Mr. Haley is well acquainted with Van Camp and confirms many of the preceding statements.

Allen. G. Fowler testifies that he has heard Van Camp say that he would rather take up arms on the Southern side than the Federal and that he approved of his son entering the rebel army.

In a letter written by Van Camp to his wife which was found in his house speaking of his prospective return home from a journey to the West he uses the following expressions: "- says I shall have to take oath; if it was nof for our claim I know what I wound do". The evidence in his case therefore substantites the following facts, to wit: that his sympathies and sentiments are decidedly with the rebels and against this Government; that with not only consent but his approbation his son joined the rebel army. His son was wounded at the battle of Bull Run and has since appointed an orderly on the staff of General Beauregard by the influence of the said Aaron Van

