
Camp. That a close intimacy amounting to actual co-operation in their treasonable acts and designs has been proved to exist between him and a clique of rebel emissaries resulting in one case in his destroying important documentary evidence against them; that in violant of the proclamation of the President of the United States Van Camp did surreptitiously and in a clandestine manner corss the line establish by the Federal Army; visited and held intercourse with the leaders of the rebellion; the he enjoyed their confidence and was allowed to pass amongst them without let or hindrance.

I would also, general, especially call your attention to that portion of this report wherein it is shown that Van Camp assisted and abetted the desertion of a U. S. officer with the view of enabling him to join the rebel army; that he did assist the conveyance by the same of valuable information and dispatches to the rebel government, and I would respectfully suggest that in this he has been guilty of a serious military offense for which he should be held to a full accountability as also for his teasonable practces and connection with the rebels.

It is therefore evident that no matter what engagements he may make to the contrary a man of his influence, ability and connections should not be allowed to go at large and thereby be enabled to assist in rebellion those persons whom it is the object of our Army to overcome. I therefore respectfully recommend that as a military necessity Aaron Van Camp be kept in close confinement until the close of the war.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

WASHINGTON, January 17, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: We the understing, friends of Dr. A. Van Camp, now confined as a prisoner at the Old Capitol under charge of disloyalty, would respectfully suggest on his behalf and by his consent ask the privilege of taking the oath of allegiance to the United States. Dr. A. Van Camp will file a bond to keep the peace toward thand all laws thereof, and will so soon as he can close up his business if required by your remove to the North of North west.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. B. FOUKE.

GEO. C. BESTOR.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 17, 1862.

Honorable P. B. FOUKE and GEORGE C. BESTOR, Esq.,

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of this date has been duly received. In reply I have to inform you that the case of Doctor Van Camp has been referred to the military authorities and they express a very decided opinion adverse to his release at the present time.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

