
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 20, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER,

Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.

SIR: You will please permit Mrs. Stephen A. Douglas to make a single visit in presence of a proper officer to Mrs. Greenhow, a prisoner confined at the Old Capitol Prison.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

WASHINGTON, March 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STATON, Secretary of War.

HONORED SIR: After several ineffectual attempts to see you in person I have the honor to address you by letter, the contents of which I trust will elicit you most favorable considertion. In the month of August last I was placed under arrest for alleged disloyalty to the Government of the United States. After a confinement of three months I was released by the honorable Secretary upon taking the oath of allegiance and giving my parole not to give aid nor comfort to the enemy nor to leave the city unless by permission of the Secretary of State. Upon making application to the Secretary of few days since with a view to be relieved from that portion of the parole which prevents my leaving the city I was referred to you as being the proper person to make application to inasmuch as you now have control of all such matters. In accordance with the suggestion I most respectfully beg to present my case to your attention. Under your recent proclamation I am inclined to think that I come within its true scope and meaning. If it should be consistent with your sense of duty to release me from portion of my parole, viz, that portion which prescribes me to the city limits I will remain under perpetual obligations.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM J. WALKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, March 7, 1862.

WILLIAM J. WALKER, Esq., Washington.

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th instant and to say in reply that it is deemed inexpedient at the present time to modify the terms of your parole.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. D. WEBSTER.

OLD CAPITOL PRISONS [Washington,] March 15, [1862]. an Franciso, Cal.]

MY DEARING: All my letters must reach you through our underground as these despicable scoundrels, the detectives, now examine all letters and exercise their discertion about sending them. My last letters were returned to me; also a note to Adie Douglas telling her your order of Stanton's. My God! you cannot conceive the outrageous practices here. These Black Republican dogs have made a howl in Congress about the negroes that were confined in the jail, and they confined me

