
and other ladies in a fithy room the walls of which these few warm days are converred with vermin and have lodged negroes in the same quarters above, below and around. In fact we are confined in a negro quarter of the building. We cannot open our windows without the stench from over 100m negroes, an if you have ever been in the neighborhood of a negro meeting-house in summer you revenge and bear these outrages better on that account. I have no feeling but have toward this detested, demoralized nation and I thank God that it is in its last throes.

McClellan has got his conge, having served the purpose of killing off Scott. Stanton has been brought forward to get rid of McClellan and he will be put aisde in his turn. These men let their vanity blind them as to their real position and content themselves with the applause manufactured in advance to suit the role they are intended to play and lose sight of what a light observation should point out to them-the necessity of making a party for themselves.

Stanton is now fooled to the top of his bent. He writes magnificent orders for Lincoln and lords it in the most prroved fashion. He does not see what others see-that his own fall is not distnt. The abolition policy is now fully avowed. Fremont has been again galvanized into prominence. If he was a man of talent and nerve he would be the first American dictator. As it is he will be the cat's-paw to draw the chestnuts out the fire for somebody else to eat. I am pressed for time darling.

The naval engagement has been a glorious victory to the Confederates unprecedented in daring in any age. The retreat from Manassas is also a most masterly success and I don't wonder at the howl of indignation of the whole North at being outwitted. I shall try to give you a full account of thing here. I do not care to speak of Mrs. Cutts. I shall publish an account of my experiences. When I tell you this I am now seven months a prisoner but in that time she and Adie have been three time to see me; that only once during that whole period have they ever sent me the smallest thing and this was on Christmas as an ostentatious display. But I am content. I shall send you some colored clothing for yourself and Leila. As for myself I shall never lay aside my morning. God belss you, darling. My love to dear Leila and Minnie.

Your devoted mother,

R. [O'N.] GREENHOW.

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSION

RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, March 32, 1862.

JOHN W. FORNEY, Esq., Secretary of the Senate.

SIR: From a note of yours which is on file among the papers in the cases of Mrs. R. O'N. Greenhow it appears that you have some of the papers taken from her house at the time she was arrested. If so you will please transmit them to this Commission who are now considering her case.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

