
Case of Daniel C. Lowber.

Daniel C. Lowber, of New Orleans, was arrested at Crestline, Ohio, on the 23rd of August, 1861, by an officer of the New York police charged with being a bearer of dispatches between the rebel government and Europe. He had sailed from New York for Europe early in July and various charges were made to the State Department and to the police of New York that he took out dispatches form the rebel government and would bring back answers or others dispatches on the steamer Edinburgh near the middle of August. On the arrival of that vessel it was learned that he had disembarked at Halifax and was making his way through Canada. Hence his pursuit and capture at Cresline as aforesaid. During his absence he wrote: " I have succeeded in getting a big thing for the Confederate States of America from some moneyed men in England". He arrived at Fishkill, N. Y., at a house of a relative on or about 20th of August, 1861, and on the 21st went to New York, as he said," to dispose of this papers, sending them South if possible through Adams Express, if not by private messenger, John Jackson". Of all these proceedings the New York police had notice and their vigilance prevented the transmission of papers by either means of conveyence contemplated. Returning to the house of his relative he asked for some letters which he had left lying carelessly about on the liberary table. One was mislaid and in the fright which seized him he said it was the dispatch brought from England for Davis. He had been unsuccessful in France. He afterward became alarmed and left Fishkill under cover of darkness to take the Harlem Railroad at Dover Plains for New York; but returning under some pretext, before we knew what he was about he had burned the dispatch, trusting to his memory to convey the contents safely to Richmond. He had made proposals to France and England. The commissioners in England had assured him that before Christmas the blockade would be run. With this a to several large houses in England and made proposals for a loan on sugar and cotton, chiefly upon cotton, and received from some of them proposals in return. Others were to follow him by mail. He made his way by the Harlem Railroad to New York and thence by way of Philadephia westward till he was arrested at Crestline as before stated. The occurrences at Fishkill and the burning of the dispatch or package explain why no such documents were found in his possession as it was alleged he bore. Among the papers found in Lowber's possession was a letter from the rebel commissioner P. A. Rost, dated Paris, August 4, 1861, addressed to Honorable Pierre Soule, New Orleans on private business but containing the following words which may imply that Lowber took dispatches relating to Rost's public mission: "I have no important news to give you but to report progress". There was also a letter signed W. W. Merters, dated Liverpool, August 6, 1861, addressed to the mother of the writer at Petersburg, Va., saying:

I send this by Mr. Lowber, of New Orleans, who tells me he intended going to Richmond to see President Davis. * * * I have wanted to send you some money but I do not know how I could do so safety. I wound send it in this letter if I were certain that Mr. Lowber would go to Virginia, but his route may be altered if President Davis should not be in Richmond.

Mr. Kennedy, the superintendent of police in New York, in writing the result of the purnist of Lowber and of the examination of his papers, August 26, 1861, says:

The great pains he took to avoid arrest is the strongest feature against him as it stands, unless some of the letters which I this day forward to you by Adams Express may contain matter of treasonable character.

