
But the superintendent of police did not them know of the disclosures made by Lowber at Fishkill and of the burning of the package there, which had been communicated directly to the Department of State. Lowber on being brk was confined in Fort Lafayette by direction of the Secretary of State and was afterward transferred to Fort Warren where he was detained till January 10, 1862, when he was released on his parole to leave the United States within fifteen days and go diretly to the Kingdom of Great Britain and remain in the Kingdom until the cessation of the present hostilities and not to hold or be engaged in any correspondence nor do any act hostile or injuriours to the Government. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty".

160 PEARL STREET, NEW YORK, August 20, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: From sources entitled to the utmost confidence I learn there is now on the was from Europe a bearer of dispatches to the Confederate States of America. His real name is D. C. Lowber and is a brother of Captain Lowber, of the U. S. revenue service. He left this country under an assumed name and may possibly return under the same appellation. I will endeavor to ascertain what it is and communicate it to the U. S. marshal of this district. I understand his arrival is excepted every moment and would be happy if the Government could get possession of his dispatches, and have in writting this morning communicated the affair to the U. S. marshal.

It may appear impertinent for me to offer a suggestion, but I avail myself of this occasion to recommend putting martil law in force in New York, Baltimore and Philadelphia as the only means of suppressing the treasonable papers, spies, &amp;c., which are actively at work. It is know here that Adams Express daily conveys information in every shape to all quarters of the Southern Confederacyand we appprehend the Government is yet hardly aware of the necessity of the most energetic measures against an enemy that stops at nothing and would glory in the destruction of the North.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. H. BALL.

NEW YORK, August 21, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I have most positive assurances that a rebvel ambassador, a bearer of dispatch from Jeff. Davi's Government to Europe, is now on his return home. His real name is D. C. Lowber but he did not sail under that name when he went out and probably has some other name on his return voyage. There is no doubt whatever that he is now on his way home for I have the intelligence through some of his most intimate friends who condemn his course but will not name it to the Government. Would it not be well to instruct bout this? Permit me also to say that Adams Express is yet daily carrying South from Northern triators letters containing revelations of all that is doing here, and on application only a day or two since at their office they replied they would take whatever of documents might be desired, not claiming of course to know contents. In this way it is not difficult

