
to post Jeff. Davis and his rebels with any news of matters occurring here. The carrying of mails and papers by this express surely can do no good, but I only name the cirucumstances existing for your consideration.

Respectfully,

N. A. ADAMS.

NEW YORK, August 22, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Daniel C. Lowber, of New Orleans, went to Europe six weeks ago under suspicious circumstances. In returning instead of coming on the steamer he landed at Halifax and came across country to Newburg. Last night he took the 5 o'clock train at Poughkeepsie for the West. He is undoubtedly bearer of important papers from the Confederates and every effort should be made to secure his arrest. We have one of his trunks addressed to him at Indianapolis. Would it not be well to put the officers of all sorts on the border on their guard? He wears false teeth. His whiskers are grayish and he lisps in his speech. I have sent a man in pursuit but he may be too late.

JOHN A. KENNEDY.

PEEKSKILL, August 24, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: My uncle, D. C. Lowber, of New Orleans, passed through New York en route for Liverpool about the 1st of August as bearer of dispatches from the Confederate States to France and England. A day or two before my father left for Liverpool I was shown a letter from Mr. Lowber in which he said, "I have succeeded in getting a big thing for the Confederate States of America from some moneyed men in England". As my father had only a few hours at home I did not trouble him about it, but arranged that he (uncle) should be searched immediately on his arrival by steamer Edinburgh. This was checked by his coming through by way of Quebec and reaching our house Tuesday evening. Wednesday he went to New York. He told us to dispose of his papers, sending them South if possible through Adams Express, if not by private messenger, John Jackson. I sent messenger through Mr. Monell to have Jackson watched and Adams Express searched for several days. Returning at 3 o'clr some letters which he had left lying carelessly about on the liberary table. One was mislaid and in the fright which seized him he told me it was the dispatch brought from England for Davis. He had been unsuccessful in France. He was to leave at 6 o'clock for Richmond, via Indianapolis, and Louisville. The family were too strongly anxious for his safety to permit any information the be given endangering one who through thirty years of political antagonism had continued my father's closest friend and our dearest relative.

The only means I could contrive to get the papers was to create a panic. I drove to the station in advance with his trunk and returned with news that the station agent had refused to check the trunk; that the defectives were doubtless on his track and gave him a telegram received from John Jackson in confirmation. He haded me the dispatches to conceal, jumped into the carriage which was waitting and we started for Dover Plains where he could take the Harlem train to

