
New York. Buta second thought for the safety of our family urged him to return and before we knew what he was about he had burned the dispatch, trusting to his memory to carry the contents safely to Richmond, so I was again checked.

In our long night drive, however, his gratitude for my assisting him in his flight, his release from the sudden fear and his old love and confidence in us led him to talk freely. He had made proposals to France and England. The commissioners in England has assured him that before Christmas the blockade would be [broken]. With this assurance he went to several large houses in England and made proposals for a loan upon sugar and cotton, chiefly upon cotton, and received from some of them proposals in return. Others were to follow by mail. His English letters would be addressed care of A. H. Schultz, or to D. Matthews, 87 (or 78, I forget which) Nassau street, or to John Jackson, 17 Broadway, or box. Wherever they came they were to be son, opened, memoranda taken of them and copies made and sent to Henry Neill, Galt House, Louisville, or inclosed to editor of Louisville Courier, to be kept until called for by Henry Neill under which name my uncle will travel. If the proposals were accepted Jackson was to telegraph him to the same addressed "All favorable". The originals will be sent to me to mail to the same address from Frishkill. His trunk I am to open and make copies of any letters in it which mightbe detained were it opened and forward to him there or to New Orleans, keeping the originals. There was a new cipher contrived and agreed upon between him and Jackson by which he could send any information which might transpire. This I have not yet got but hope to. He anticipated an attack upon our troops before Sunday, 30th of August. If repulsed or if uncertain of success they would as before feign a retreat to draw our soldiers upon the batteries they have been busied in building since the Manassas affair. These will be completed in eight or ten days and they are in haste to use them before our gun-boats are completed. In order to cover uncle's flight I urged Mr. Jackson to follow him with me to the Newark station where he might wait for money. Owing to the information given we were all day under police surveillance but at last we eludedt them and returned to Staten Island without having seen him, where I was forced from exahustion to remain.

Uncle will return to England should all be favorable by way of Detroit and Chicago to Quebec. He says the police and marshals in either or any of the Western towns are more careless and indifferent and slow than those of New York and anticipated no detention there. The correspondence I hope can be seized at the post-office or Adams Express. And why can'this be stopped entirely? If not I would go to New York to mail the letters and they could be taken upon me by notice given to the police. In this case I would rather suffer anything for treason than have my family know that I was acting as spy. Should any name have to be used in the former case Mr. J. J. Monell, of Newburg, has given me leave to subsistute his for mine.

With warm thanks for your late kindness to my father and kind remebrance and wishes for myself, I remain, yours, truly,

MARLY LOWBER SCHULTZ.

For the purpose of keeping this secret from my family I have written from Mrs. Beecher's at Peekskill. Should there be any reply or questions to be aksed if you address to Peekskill in cover to H. W. Beecher they will at once forward it to me.

