
NEW YORK, Agust 25, 1861.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

Officer King has just arrived with Daniel C. Lowber in custody, whom he arrested in Ohio. I have examined his baggage carefully. Find nothing in shape of dispatches. If he had any he parted with them. What shall I do with him?

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintednet.

OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE,

New York, August 26, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Previous to the arrival of Mr. Daniel C. Lowber from Europe I was called upon by a person related to him by family ties and who necessarily desires to be kept from exposure and informed that Lowber was expected to return on the steamer Edinburgh, then expected to arrive on Tuesday last, 20th instant; that when he went out he carried dispatches and that doubtless he would others on his return. On this information I communicated with the U. S. marshal and arranged for a joint action to secure him and his papers on the arrival of the steamer.

The Edinburgh did not arrive until the 21st, and the search it was ascertained he had not come on that vessel. While our officers were engaged on the steamer making the search I received the telegraphic dispatch from Newburg, a copy of which I herewith inclose except the names of the parties, who desire not to be made known, but they are repectable persons. I at once placed detectives at the office of Richmond &amp; Co., 15 Broadway, where he had a business connection; at Adams Express, where every package during the day received with a New Orleans address was carefully examined and nothing found of the from or character of dispatches to the Confederates. I also put a watch on the house of his brother-in-law, Mr. Evans, in West Twenty-fifth street. At 9. 45 in the evening I sent three men to Fishkill Landing to look for him there, he having a sister-in-law living at Matteawan. On arriving there found his trunk marked "Neil", the name of his son-in-law, which had been brought to the depot by his niece during the afternoon to be checked for Indianapolis, which was sent to me. And they also ascertained that some intimation was given to the lady at the depot by which she was enbled to infer that officers were in pursuit. She immediately returned home and accompanied him in a carriage in the direction of Fishkill village, giving out that they were going to Poughkeepsie to take the Hudson River train up, but in reality went to a station on the Harlem road and took a train down to the city, passed over to Jersy City and so proceeded to Philadelphia, and then took next train west via Pittsburg, &c.

On receipt of his telegram from Fishkill announcing his departure I sent a man by the New Jersey Central, being the first train west, to head him off if possible, supposing he had gone by way of Buffalo; but it so happened that by the time they reached Pittsburg both Officer King and the fugitive were on the same train, and the sagacity of the officer led to his detection an identification at a station on the Fort Wayne railroad (Alliance), where the train stopped to dine, but he prudently telegraphed for help to meet him at the depot at Crestline, where the arrest was made, but nothing found on him to implicate him.

