
The great pains he took to avoid agrest is the strongest feature against him as it stands unless some of the letters which I this day forward to you by Adams Express may contain matter of treasonable character. He denies having had anything of the kind intrusted to him, either in going out or returning; that his visit was on business and im pursuit of health solely. He is a New Yorker by birth, thoroughly southernized by more than twenty years' residence at the South. I am thus particular that you may see the whole case.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

[Inclosure.]

NEWBURG, August 21, 1861.

[JOHN A. KENNEDY:]

D. C. Lowber, of New Orleans, at 15 Broadwaye of Richards &amp; Co., came out in the last steamer as bearer of dispatches from England and France in relation to a loan for the Confederates. He came over the country this morning from Halifax. He intends to send his dispatches by Adams & Co., Express if he can safely to-day. If not he may send them by a young man by the man of John Jackson, a Southerner, at the above mentioned house, 15 Broadway. Inform the chief of police or the U. S. marshal at once. Keep the source of this dispatch to yourself.

- -.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 26, 1861.

J. A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent Metropolitan Police, New York:

Deliver D. C. Lowber into custody of Colonel Martin Burke at Fort Lafayette.

W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE,

New York, August 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel M. BURKE, Commanding at Fort Hamilton.

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of State I am prepared to deliver into your custody Mr. Daniel C. Lowber, of New Orleans, who accompanies me.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendnet.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 27, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th instant relative to the arrest of D. C. Lowber, and to state in reply that the reply energy and skill evinced by you and your officers on that occasion are highly satisfactory.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

