
PHILADELPHIA, August 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: My anxiety and the occasion of my writing to you yesterday* was, I find in an interview with Mary, not well founded. I feared that Mary felt herself to be the cause of her uncle's arrest and that it had so infuenced her feelings as to prompt an impulsive visit to Washington in the hope of interesting you in a merciful consideration of her uncle's case. As you know now from Mary's own statement to you she wrote me under the influence of a high sense of duty she feared her uncle was possessed of both means and papers to be used against the Government. Believing Mr. Lowber would be in the Edinburg I sent my brother to Mr. Kennedy to impart my belief and conviction that Mr. Lowber was in a hostile attitude to the Government with both means and papers in possession that would prove his guilt. I desired my brother to say to Mr. Kennedy that I was prepared to make oath as to my belief if such would be required to warrant the arrest. Mr. Kennedy promised prompt action and that Mr. Lowber should be arrested. He did not make sufficienty intelligent arrangements and unnecessary notoriety has been given to a very simple affair.

Mr. Lowber's visit to the honor have easily of my uncle was a gross insult and any man of ordinarly sense might have easily so recognized. It may be that it was desinged to disarm suspicion. If so the outrage was the greater. That feeling should be acted with some members of the family I can well comprehend, as it too oftgen influences for the time the higher attribute of duty. But as to the loyalty of our family being above all suspiciosimple exeption of Mr. Lowber, their record since the first glimpse of treason was manifest attest. But I feel more annoyance as to my unlce, Alex. H. Schulz. I can simply write that I know it to be impossible for him to entertain a thought or feeling not in heartly unision with the Government whose honored servant he at present is and I can forgive everything to Mr. Lowber better than his reckless visit to Fishkil. I would underwrite Captain Schulz with my life and I will hope a suspicion of his integrity has never crossed your mind. I have rapidly and interruptedly written but I trust not impertinently, and will ask you to regard the feeling that has prompted it and kindly overlook any lack of etiquette.

Respectfully,

E. S. JAMES.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: I have received a letter form Mr. D. C. Lowber, a prisoner confined at Fort Lafayette, asking permission for his niece, Miss Mary L. Schultz, to visit him which under existing circumstances I cannot with propriety grant. You will please communicate to Mr. Lowber the decision of the Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 30, 1861.

Honorable THURLOW WEED.

DEAR SIR: Personally we are strangers but I have known you by reputation since my boyhood and you may have heard my name men-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

