
this belief without longing to save him from such a fate. But for this conviction my perfect trust in the Administration would have forbid my uttering one word on the subject.

Respectfully,

MARY LOWBER SCHULTZ.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, November 4, 1861.

I hereby declare that having been a resident of New Orleans during the last winter, and being a frequent visitor at the house of Mr. Daniel C. Lowber, I was enabled to know his feelings on the political questions before the country. From the frequent conversations I held with him during the winter I knew him to be a Union man, and it was only upon the actual secession of his State that he left that loyalty to his home should cause him to favor the acts of the South, but I know he took no active part in politics, and I never knew him to attend any of the political meetings-in fact, he was a remarkably quiet and private citizen. In confirmation of the above I would state that both Mr. and Mrs. Lowber considered me an abolitinist and still I was always welcome at their house; also that I know he turned a boarder out of his house on account of his secessin talk, about January last. Again Mr. H. M. Neill was complained of the vigilance committee and proscribed on account of his Northern feelings, and Mr. Lowber took the most active and determined part in his defense and prevented any action being taken against him. As regards his strip to Europe I can testify that during the winter and spring I frequently heard Mr. Lowber speak of his intention of going to Europe during the ensuing summer, partly on account of his general health but more particularly on account of his hearing which was getting to be very bad; also to arrange for credits and direct shipments of iron pipe form the iron manufactures of Glasgow. It would certainly be surprising if the rebel leaders employed in a clandestine mission a man so very deaf as he was and so very outspoken on very subject.

I learn from Mr. Lowber that the close confinement and want of exercise is affecting his health. I may add that I am a native of this city and a loyal citizen of the United States.

CHAS. M. TODD.

Numbers 8. HANOVER STREET, NEW YORK, November 9, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: At the request of the friends of Mr. Daniel C. Lowber, now a prisoner in Fort Warren, I beg to state what I know of his proceedings in Europe. The first I saw or knew of him there was on his arrival at Hollywood, near Belfast, Ireland, where he came quite unexpectedly to me or my brother on a visit to my brother and to see his grandchildren, my brother's children. He staid there only one night and invited my brother to accompany him to Glasgow to introduce him to the manufactures of gas and water pipes with a view to arrangements for business on the termination of the war. My brother could not go but requested me to accompany him which I readily consented to, as I had business of my own in Glasgow and Edinburgh. I accordingly at Glasgow introduced him to our agent, Mr. John Kincaid, who took him to the largest manufactures in that line, I not accompanying them. I also called with Mr. Lowber on a firm in the same line

