
(McLaren &amp; Co.) with whom he had previously done business in pipes. These calls occupied the forenoon and we parted at about 4 p. m. of the day we reached Glasgow, he to go on to London and I to go to Edinburgh on my own affairs. I have not seen him since nor heard from him except a few lines received form Liverpool before he sailed for America akcnowledge the receipt of his watch which I had forwarded to him and referring in sufficiently boastful terms to the battle of Bull Run.

While at Holywood and on board the steamer for Glasgow he talked very freely, defending slaverly against our abolition sentiments and expressing the most entire confidence in the success of the rebellion and the restoration of peace within ninety days. He also mentioned to me that Mr. Rost, or Judge Rost as he called him, was an old friend of his and he intended to call on him at Paris and learn what prospect there was of the Confederate Governmentd by the Emperor. I asked him to let me know the result and inquired if he intended to call on the commissioner in London. He seemed in doubt, saying that he did not know him personally.

As soon as I heard of his arrest which I did in Liverpool from Captain Schultz I informed the latter that from what I had seen of him and the entire tone of his conversation I was satisfied he had no official or other connection with the Confederate Government, for if he had I felt certain he would have been proud of it and told me or my brother of it, while on the contrary he stated positively that he was only going to call on Rost as on old Louisiana friend and to satisfy his curiosity as to the chance of recognition. I thought it possible, however, that Rost might have asked him to carry a letter for him and if so it was likely enough that he may have thoughtlessly consented to do so. But if so I know nothing of it, and I may remark that a that time it was a very natural mistake and one I should readily have fallen into myself as it had hardly been declared illegal.

I have no doubt form Mr. Lowber's character that if released upon his parole he will rigidly keep it and I should readily join in giving bail for him. I am aware that he last winter interfered effectually with the vigilance committee of New Orleans in behalf of my brother who had been proscribed by them as an abolitionist and but for Mr. Lowber's advocacy he would probably have been notified to leave the State to the destruction of an extensive and valuable business. Such acts on behalf of men with Northern ideas ought surely to be considered unless there is something serious against him of which I know nothing.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. M. NEILL.

As to my own trustworthiness and my principles I can refer to the following whom you will not suspect of too great for the South; Chalers L. Brace, my brother-in-law; H. J. Raymond, of the New York Times; C. A. Dana, Tribune; Wendell Phillips, W. C. Bryant, Evening Post; W. Lloyd Garrison, Fred. L. Olmsted, Charles G. Loring, H. Ward Beecher, &c., all of whom are my intimate personal friends.

PHILADELPHIA, November 9, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: On my way to New York I met here an old and highly valued friend of mine, William M. Neil, esq., from England, and I have herewith the honor of introducing him to you. Mr. Neill has resided for a

