
considerable time in New York, where his sympathies with liberal ideas and with intellectual and artictis interests have endeared him to a wide circle including some of our most distinguished citizens.

Mr. Neill who holds a high position in the commercial world as the chief partner of a cotton exporting firm is now again in this country particularly for the purpose of studying the nature of our present contest in its bearings upon the cotton interests of Great Britain. Mr. Neill visits Washington for a short time in the pursuit of these investigations and also in that of matters of a more private character. I beg to state that I have known Mr. Neill for a considerable time and that any statement of his is entitled to the most implicit faith in this veracity and integrity.

I have the honor to remain, dear sir, yours, very respectfully,

JULIUS BING.

FORT WARREN, December 30, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

SIR: I was arrested on the 23rd of August, and by order of the Secretary of State was committed to Fort Lafayette and thence transferred to this place. Over four months have now elapsed and I have heard of no charges against me, but I presume I am detained as a citizen of Louisiana. As it is not probable I shall ever be brought to trial and the further imprisonment of a humble private individual like myself can be of no benefit to the United States Government I respectfully ask permission and a passport to embark for England under a pledge that I will no return to America until the present disturbances are over, nor aid, comfort or hold correspondence with any person in the seceded States.

Your obedient servant,

D. C. LOWBER.

FORT WARREN, December 30, 1861.

DEAR HAMILTON: As the break of day is now apparent to all except those who are falleting and battening on this unholy was I stoop to ask a favor of a political enemy, personal friend though he be. I have now been imprisoned so long that it is absolutely necessary on account of my business affairs that I should go to England before I return home passport to embark on the steamer that leaves Boston on the 8th. If it is obtained you must also pay my passage on sea as I am entirely out of money. In Liverpool I can obtain what further funds I need. I would prefer that this application should not be mentioned, even in the family, as some of the family are in such intimate companionship with J. A. Kennedy that the first thing we will know will be an account of it in the Tribune, and for a humble private individual my name has been in the papers as often as I care to have it. It is well that you and I have not correspondence since your return from England. The bitter thoughts that this war has created in my heart would have found utterance in bitter words, and the corner stone of something more than an apparent estrangement might have been laid. As it is, the same old love that has filled my heart for you and yours for the last thirty-two years still wells up in it with undiminished force.

