
agent are sent to your care. I thank you for the explanation in the case of Elliot, * &amp;c. It seemed unintelligible, and I confess I was surprised at being asked for isntructions in a case where every part of the affair was with the local authorities. It is enough to have to deal with judicial persons here in the debatable ground. I don't want to be drawn into disputes with them in the loyal States. I will confide in the marshal.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, FINANCE OFFICE,

September 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith for your inspection a copy of a letter received at the Dead-Letter Office which was written by Arnold Harris # at Richmond, Va., August 20, 1861, and addressed to Dr. Thomas Miller, of this city.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. ZEVELY,

Third Assistant Postmaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, August 20, 1861.

Dr. THOMAS MILLER.

DEAR DOCTOR: I wrote you lat week hoping it might reach you, but perhaps did not, and I having another chance will write another short one. We are still in jail and our case still undecided though looking a little better, but as long as the North continue to act as they do and talk as Thurlow Week talks there is very little chance for prisoners here being released or put on parole. My health is not good. Doctor Garnett attends to me and perhaps may get me removed to more comfortable quarters.

I wrote you to see Mrs. Lewis and have my trunk packed any try to send in to me here by Adams Express. If it has not gone yet and the company cannot send it to me here let them send it to Captain Buford, Versailles, Ky., where my family are and where they will probably remain until times are more settled. At all events we do not expect to be in Washington until the war is over, which strange as you may think it will not be long. The Federals will be cleaned out of Missouri and Virginia in less than two weeks and the turn of Maryland comes next and will not be far behind. The South is in earnest and will conquer or die. They will conquer to a certainly. I wist when you see Mrs. Lewis you would say other that if she sees that young sailor boy, my nephew, to tell him to resign his present place and if he can to come to me. I am going into business if my health will allow and can provide him a good place. Moreover I don't lile the palce or business he is in. I inclose you a check for $100, payvable to your order. Please pay my bill at Kirwood's and Mrs. Lewis' and also some to Kidwell and credit me with the balance. You may have had to pay in advance for my trunk.

If possible let me hear from you. Direct care of Bev. Tucker. Kind regards to all friends, particularly to the Kirkwoods, Mrs. Lewis and

---------------

* See case of Elliot, p. 668.

---------------

# For case of Arnold Harris, see Confederate political arrests, p. 1515.

