
Understand me, in asking for my release and passport I do not wish to leave Fort Warren until the day before the steamer sails, so that I can go immediately on board.

Give my love to the old enemy and her inimical scions and believe me, ever truly, yours,

D. C. LOWBER.

Much as I wish to get to England I can take on oath of allegiance to the United States Government, but I will give my parole not to return to the country during the continuance of the war and not to aid, comfort or correspond with the Southern States until peace is made. If you think it worth while you can hand this letter to President Lincoln.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 7, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: You will please release Mr. D. C. Lowber, a prisoner confined at Fort Warren, Boston, on his complying with the following conditions, namely: That he will engage upon oath that he will leave the United States within the period of fifteen days from the day of his release and go directly to the Kingdom of Great Britain; that he will remain in that Kingdom until the cessation of the present hostilities between the Government of the United States and the persons in insurrection its authority; that he will not correspond with or be engaged in any correspondence hostile or injourious to the Government of the United States with persons residing in the insurrectionary States during the present hostilities without permission form the Secretary of State; and further, that he will do no act hostile or injourious to the Government of the United States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 7, 1862.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintedent of Police, New York.

SIR: Colonel Dimick has been directed to release Mr. D. C. Lowber upon condition among others that he will leave the United States, and you will therefore him to embark without a passport.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, January 10, 1862.

I, D. C. Lowber, prisoner confined at Fort Warren, do solemnly swear that I will leave the United States within the period of fifteen days from this date and go directly to the Kingdom of Great Britain; that I will remain in that Kingdom unil the cessation of the present hostities between the Government of the United States and the persons in insurrection against its authority; that I will not correspond or be engaged in any correspondence hostile or injourious to the Government of the United States with persons residing in the insurrectionary States during the present hostilities without permission from the Sec-

