
retary of State; and further, that I will do no act hostile or injorious to the Government of the United States. So help me God.

D. C. LOWBER.

Sworn before me January 10, 1862.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Arty, and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Fort Warren.

Correspondence found among Lowber's papers.

[Numbers 1.]

PARIS, August 4, 1861.

N. M. BENACHI, Esq., New Orleans, La.

(Politeness of D. C. Lowber.)

DEAR SIR AND FRIEND: I suppose a few lines from this part of the world will be acceptable to you and therefore embrace a direct opportunity to let you hear from us and hope you will do me the favor to write me a few lines and give me what information you possess about matters and things in New Orleans. We are kept in constant excitement about the infamous war the North is waging against us. By every steamer from New York we hear that a battle or skirmish has taken place and that the North is victorious. In fact, if all we hear is true they must by this have 5,000 or 6,000 prisoners on hand. Many of our people here are dreadfully alarmed and think we are gone, but from what I saw when I traveled from New Orleans to Nashville I don't think it possible for the North to subjugate us. It is prefect nonsense for them to suppose they can if the South continue united, and from all appearances I don't think there is a doubt of it. I yesterday made a bet with a gentleman that whenever Jeff. Davis, Beauregard or Lee accepted a battle that they would gain it. I have every hope such will be the result. They are quite right to fall back till they are sure of success for a defeat in a general battle would have a most disastrous effect both on the morale of our army at home and in Europe. All eyes are turned to Virginia and the result of the first and second grand battles. Should we be successful in one or two grand engagements depend on it England and France will immediately acknowledge our idependence notwithstanding all you hear from old terday saw in the English papers a letter from Mr. Mure, the British consul in New Orleans. We were all much astonished that Mr. Mure should have thought it necessary to write a letter so injurious to the interests of the South at this time particularly. What he says may have taken place but not in the manner that he describes it. I do not believe it was the intention of any of our commanders to press men in our service for I know we had more men than we required. I suppose men would enlist while intoxicated and when sober would repent doing so and try to get off. I assure your letters of this kind operate greatly to our prejudice and make us pass for a set of ruffians, and I am only surprised that Mr. Mure, an old resident of New Orleans, should have written such a letter knowing the bad effect it would have against us. It was entirely uncalled for. He had already explained the whole matter to his Government in a previous letter. Can it be possible that he too is against us? I really hope not. It would be too bad.

