
The newspapers here are not much in our favor; still I find a few of them making a move in the right direction and I think in a short time they will come out more direct, not that they have any sympathy for us but that their interests require them to be on our side. Depend upon it we will be recognized before next December if even a European war with the North should be the result. Cotton and tobacco they will have conte qu'il coute. Cotton is very active in Liverpool on account of the war news from America. The lower qualities have not been much affected. Midding Orleans, 8 1/4 pence; upland, 8 pence, with a brisk demand both for manufacture and exportation, as well so speculation. You have seen I suppose that last week sales amounted to 144,000 bales, a quarter of which was taken on speculation; prices have also gone up in Harve 2 to 3 francs, so that my New Orleans friends will come out of the year's business right side up. I wish I had es in Liverpool now. Many here think cotton will go to 10 pence. I should not be surprised particularly if England don't force the blockade, and they very soon. I am told the North is buying in the Liverpool market, but I only give you this as an on dit, but should not be surprised if such was the case.

A few days ago I called on Mr. Spencer, American consul, to get him to vise my passport. He went back in his room and brought out the biggest Bible I ever saw and told me I would have to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. I refused to do it and he refused to vise my passport. The thing has been brought before M. Thouvenal who refused to take any action at the present time but said that no Americans would be troubled going or comign into France. So Mr. Consul may keep his vise and be d-d. I shall not trouble him again. We think of returning home some time to October and may put you to a little trouble for a short time till we get settled*.

Your friend,

B. RODRIGUEZ.

We have had two pamhlets lately. One "La Revolution en Amerique du Nord Devoilee"; the other "La Question Amricaine". Both will do us great good. If the gentleman that takes this letter will oblige me by taking charge of them I will send them to you. The last one is quite complimentary to our ladies. It says: "Les femmes du Sud sont des tendres meres de famille, des epouses devoues; les Creoles le disputent a nos Francaises en grace, exquise distinction, sensibilite, generosite, chaleur de coeur et d'idees, intelligence de tout ce qui est noble, beau at bein". +

It is quite a good brochure and I would like to send it it you and shall try to do so.

Yours,

BEN.

[Numbers 2.]

PARIS, August 5, 1861.

N. M. BENACHI, Esq.

(Care Messrs. Ralli, Benachi &amp; Co., New Orleans, La.)

MY DEAR FRIEND: I wrote you a long letter a few days ago, but as the bearer of this is acquainted with you I thought I would write you again to let you know that we have just received the glorious news of the defeat of the Federalists at Manassas Junction. I was not at all

---------------

* Unimportant personal matter here omitted.

+ TRANSLATION. - The women of the South are tender mothers of families, devoted wives. The Creoles vie with our French women in grace, great distinction, refinement, generosity, warmth of heart and ideas, intelligence of all that which is noble, beautiful and good.

---------------

