
surprised at it as I offered some Yankees to bet them a suit of clothes that Beauregard would whip them if he accepted a fight. There are many, however, who did not expect such a result.

Although we only received the news yesterday, already there is quite a change in the public mind. The Patrie and Constitutinnel already being to think it probable that the South may succeed. There is one exception, and that comes from who has lived among us and made money out of us and now truns round and whenever he has a chance heaps lies and calumnies against us. I inclose you an article from his paper of to-day. You can judge of the wretch's antipathy to us. Mind what I tell you. Before three months we will be recognized both by England and France. "Ca ira, ca ira, Linclon a la lantern". Those that only a few days ago were trying to ridicule the Americans and particularly the Southerns begin to find out that when an occasion requires it we can fight as well as others. To-day we had at our place of meeting seventeen Southern and true to the cause, and had you seen and heard them talk it would have done you good. I am only afraid this victory has been achieved at a great sacrifice of our brave men. I am very anxious to receive details but from what I see it must have been a terrible battle. Depend on it another such an one and the whole North will be so demoralized that they will be glad to give us what we have been asking for, "Let us alone". They expect to get money in this country. They will not get a cent and I really don't think they will raise the $500,000,000 at home. Parties here interested in cotton think the news will cause a slight decline. As yet thing is known and can give you nothing of interest to you. My main object in writting you is to send you to the inlcosed* extrat.

Yours, truly,

B. RODRIGUEZ.

[Numbers 3.]

LIVERPOOL, August 7, 1861.

J. B. PHELPS, Esq., Crescent, New Orleans, La.

MY DEAR SIR: The grand and glorious victory at Manassas Junction, Va., has totally destroyed them remostest chance of Lincoln, Seward, Chase &amp; Co. obtaining a penny of the money they want to borrow in Great Britain. The account of the battle we have received so far is the most faborable tale in which the Yankees can tell of their own defeat, but there is enough to satisfy me that their loss in killed must have been 15,000 to 20,000, though they report only 500. The Greast Thundered+ is down upon the Northerners with all its virulence. Even Doctor Russell, LL. D., "licensed to lie damnably", tells the truth about the stampede from Manassas. England don't intend to consider the blockade efficient, no matter how many ships Lincoln may have, even if they be as thick as backberries. I have yours of 13th of July, 1861. Many thanks.

Yours, truly,

W. W. MERTENS.

[Inclosure. ++]

"The dissensions which arose some months ago in the United States of North America have unfortunately assumed the character of open war". Such is the tranquil comment of the r the events

---------------

* Not found.

+ See inclosures following.

++ Supposed to be a clipping from the London Times newspaper.

---------------

38 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

