
had burned up the homesteads on their line of march would speed back over the embers with pale faces in their panic fight. But this never did occur to us. It requires the testimony of the Americans themselves and the witness of our own corrspondent to suggest to us that 75,000 American patriots fled for twenty miles in a agony of fear although no one was pursuing them, and that 75,000 other American patriots abstained from pursuing these 75,000 enemies because they were not informed how stark frightened these were. Even the artillery were not captured but picked up. The guns were left being because they impeded the flight of the artilerymen, and they might have been to a great extent carried offf if the apprehensions of the gunners would have allowed them to take advantage of the leisure which the r was so ready to afford.

On the other hand our correspondent thinks that the panic had gone so right to the heart of the North that if General Beauregad had the enterprise to folow up his advantage he might have gone almost unresisted into Washington City itself. All that the Northern press says upon this subject is to congratulate themselves that the enemy did not know in what a fright they were.

This is not our account of this battle. It is the American account. It is the account of the New York papers, alternting as they do between shrieks of victory, of agony and of vindictive despair. If they have only lost between 300 and 500 men it seems to us to be a very cheap lesson. See what they have gained by it. They have found out now that the spirit of partiotism and even the instinct of combat does not prevent Northern volunteers from going off in a body under pretense of their time of enlistment being up although the morning of the combat may be come and the cannon may be sounding in their ears. They have found out also that even a Northern army can without much good military reason given lose its attraction of cohesion and dissolve into a mob. They have also found out that the Southern are not to be walked ove like a partridge manor, and that they have some military heads among them. Of course we must expect them to meet these hard facts by a certain quantity of bluster. They must call out a few more millions of volunteers, and they must make a confident demand upon an incredulous world for a few more hundred millions sterling.

But behind all this there must rise a gathering doubt that this Southern nut is too hard to crack and that the military line as a matter of business does not answer. The North has now mazde its experiment and not only has it no answered but the process has not been encouraging. As a matter of habit and to ease the American mind a certain quantity of threats and tall words may be necessary and they may pass. But they will be of small avail against the facts as theyhe face of the picture of that screaming crowd-the "Grand Army of the Potomac", &amp;c. -these great words from the expectant gentlemen at Washington lose every charm. These people do all in their power to alienate our sympathy, for they are emenable neither to courtesy nor to misfortune. Nothing civilizes them. They seem to think that at all seasons and upon all occasions England is a safe traget for their insults and their threats. They either feign very well or else they positively think they can influence our policy by their bluster. There was a moment on the 21st of July when victory was supposed to be with the "Grand Army of the Potomac", and the most popular newspaper in New York seized the opportunity to show what use our excellent friends proposed to make of their victory. The first thought was revenge upon

