
England. After some taunts at what are supposed to be our recent recentations the organ of New York moderation continues:

And now, forsooth, because the Queen's Government sees fit to stuitify itself, not daring to carry into execution its implied threats, and prohibits the entry of Southern privates into British ports, we are required to let bygones be bygones and even to ignore that any cause of displeasure has existed. The absurdity and inconsistency of acknowledge the "equal belligerent rights" of the rebel States and then snubbing them from sheer cowardice and fear of the consequences bestows no title to consideration, nor will leisurely repentance for hastily offered indignities be considered the slightest atonement when the time shall have come to resent them. Both Endgland and Spain may rest assured that just retribution will be visited upon them for taking advantage of our domestic distrubances to further their own selfish schemes of aggreandizement. For the outrage offered in the Queen's proclamation the United States will possess itself of Canada, and for the invasion of Santo Domingo Her Catholic Majesty will certainly have to pay with the sacrifice of Cuba. We have first to put down rebellion at home, but everly the wartht has begun will be short one and and are the lapse of another half year armies will exist on the American continent of over half a million of men, thirsting for a forgeing foe upon whom to expend their strength. When the Union element at the South shall have been farily emancipated and the forces of the Republic shall have been united, let Great Britain and Spain beware. Our armies never will consent to lay down their armies while a vestige of European domination remans in the Western Hemsiphere. Causes of were we have enough and they will not cool for keeping.

If this is what we are to receive from the supremacy of the North the North can scarcely expect that we should put up very ardent vows for their conquest of the South. If the conqest of the Southern States means also the conqest of Canada and Canada and the establishment of a great military aggressive power in North America we may learn to bear more patiently the scene that occurred at Bull Run. We are not, however, fearful enough the be ferocious. On the country we cordially and even sincerely congratulate our would-be enemies that they have escaped with such small loss from the sword of General Beauregard, and much as they tell us it would be against our interest we sincerely advise them to make up their quarrel and avoid all serious effusion of blood. When they have returned to the habits of peacet they will not be nearly so bloodthirsty as they think they will be, or if they should be they will not be so mischievous as they they will be. Spain will know how to keep incheck a navy which is now terribly embarrassed by two small privateers and the Canadas have in other days given a very good account of invaders form the other side of the river. The United States are a very great nation and we wish them all lawful prospertiy, but they are not half so capable of mischief as their newspapers think they are.

Case of Mayor Berret, of Washington.

This person [James G. Berret] was mayor of the city of Washington, and as appears from a list prisoners at Fort Lafayette was received at that fort August 25, 1861. There is no evidence on file in the Department of State showing the precise cause of his arrest or what were the charges against him. Application having been made for his release and it having been stated that he was willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States Government an order was issued September 12, 1861, by the Secretary of State directing Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to discharge Mayor Berret on his taking the oath of alleginace to the United States prescribed by a recent act of Congress and resigning the office of mayor of the city of Washington. He was accordingly released September 14, 1861. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrest for Disloyalty".

