
FORT HAMILTON, September 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, &amp;c.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions of the 12th instant I have released Honorable James G. Berret. Inclosed you will receive his oath of allegiance and also his letter* resigning his position as mayor of Washington City.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

I, James G. Berret, of the city of Washington, in the District of Columbia, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or forgein, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legistlature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full detemination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever. So help me God.

JAMES G. BERRET.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 14th of September, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 14, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: As the questin of the mayoralty of this city will come before our common council to-night and as it is important that we should have all important facts before us which bear upon the official rights and authority of ex-Mayor Berret and of Acting Mayor Wallach, I desire answers to the following questions if it will comport with the regulations of your office to give them:

1. Did Mr. Berret voluntarily resign his office as mayor?

2. When did he resign his office and when did said resignation reach the State Department so as to be communicated to the city authorities?

3. When was Mr. Berret released from arrest?

As information on these points will help us to come to a corret conclusion in the board of common council to-night I most respectfully inquire if you can deem it proper to give it?

I send this communication because I have failed to obtain a personal interview.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. RICHARDS,

President Board of Common Council.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 14, 1861.

Z. RICHARDS, Esq.,

Prisident of the Board of Common Council

of the City of Washington.

SIR: In answer to the inquire contained in your letter of this date I have to represent that, first, Mr. Barrer resigned the office of mayor of

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

