
induced me to address you this note and ask an unconditional release, as I can never consent to receive my liberty upon terms or conditions inconsistent with what I deem to be my obligations and duties as a citizen of my native State, Virginia. I hope, sir, that you will reflect upon this application, and I beg you will exercise in its consideration a spirit of justice and humanity, which are the brightest ornaments of a great statesman.

ROBERT TANSILL.

Case of Samuel J. Anderson.

[Samuel J. Anderson is] a native of Georgia for several years past sojourning in New York; went to Georgia in the spring of 1861 and returned early in the summer. He was known to sympathize with the rebellion and manifested his sympathy by instituting proceedings to endeavor to procure the release of persons held in confinement by the Government for precautionary reasons. Having been informed that he was about to return to Georgia the Secretary of State caused him to be arrested on the 27th day of August, 1861, and confined in Fort Lafayette. Letters were found in Anderson's possession showing that he maintained a treasonable correspondence with parties in the rebel States. One from W. M. Manning dated Charleston, S. C., February 19, 1861, has this passage: "I am unable to say whether there is any one in your city employed to give important information in regard to our affairs. I would be glad to hear from you often. " A. W. Redding writes from Jamestown, Ga., March 15, 1861, as follows: "You are in the midst of the enemy's country. You are at headquarters. Just give us the dots. " A letter signed J. V. Hitchcock dated Washington, August 23, 1861, says: "On inquiry I find that passports of which you speak are not issued by the Government. The only way to get through is to go by way of Kentucky. " On the 11th day of October, 1861, the said Samuel J. Anderson was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulationsmisconduct. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

CENTRAL DEPARTMENT OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, July 31, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: There is a soldier, I know not of what rank but probably a private or non-commissioned officer, named John [T.] Neil [Neale], stationed at Fort or Camp Runyon, who had been here for some days lodging in the same room with a noted secessionist who has twice been arrested by the police on suspicion of treason and who for the same reason will again be arrested to-day. Neale left yesterday to return to his post which it is said is in the neighborhood of Washington. It is supposed that Neale has communicated to Anderson, the secessionist, such information as he could obtain respecting our army. Anderson is the personal friend of Alex. H. Stephens. He proposes to leave for the South this afternoon, but he will be arrested at the time of his departure.

Very respectfully,

JAMES BOWEN.

