
Extracts from correspondence in possession of Samuel J. Anderson at the time of his arrest.

[Numbers 1.]

CRAWFORDVILLE, GA., January 26, 1860.

S. J. ANDERSON, New York.

DEAR ANDERSON: Your letter in which you indulge in a certain speculation or rather speculative conjecture as to the probable turn events may take at the Charleston convention came to the office here while I was at Savannah attending the supreme court. Since my return I have been quite busy at my little farm or plantation below this place getting ready for planting a crop or I should have replied to it sooner.

In this matter I shall deal very frankly with you as I always do even though the subject relates to myself. I therefore say in the first place that I think you are entirely mistaken as to the probability on which your conjecture is founded. There are too many men aspiring for office in this country for a draft ever having to be resorted to, and indeed I do not think any such general sentiment would ever converge toward me, as you seem to suppose. In this I do not think I am mistaken. I understand the world and mankind very well; at least I think I know enough of the public men of this country to satisfy me that your notions are not well founded. But in the second place and mainly I do not desire any such result. I have no wish for it. On the contrary I do not intend to allow my name to go before that body. I have so written to a great number of people all over the country, at least to men in several States North and South. It is true some have said that my name would be used without my consent. To this I can only say that I do not want it so used.

It is to tell the plain truth a disagreeable matter to me to see my name even thus associated. If there is anything particularly disgusting to me it is a scramble among Presidential aspirants. There are honorable men who look with ambitious longings to this high office-some of them well qualified to fill it. I do hope some of them may be gratified, but as for myself I can most truthfully and sincerely say that I would not exchange my present place and surroundings for any office in this world. My nature looks not that way for objects to gratify my outgoings of spirit. This is all I can say to you. I feel assured that you who have known me so long and intimately will feel satisfied that it is true.

With best wishes, I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.

[Numbers 2.]

CRAWFORDVILLE, GA., June 29, 1860.

[S. J. ANDERSON, New York.]

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 24th instant was received last night. I do not know that I fully understand its import or object. It seems to have been written with a view to explain something that I know nothing about. You say for instance, "This is the history of the matter so far as I am concerned. " To what matter do you allude? It would seem that something had resulted from thefacts detailed by you of which I am entirely unapprised.

