
[Numbers 3.]

JAMESTOWN, GA., July 5, 1860.

MY DEAR SAM: * * * You say you have just returned from Baltimore, whither you had gone and had advocated the claims of Douglas because in your judgment he was the only man who can break the tide of Republicanism, &amp;c.

One thing is certain, the Democratic party have told the country time and again that conservatism was only in them; that the dissolution of the party was but another name for dissolution of the Union and that if the opposition would but support them to elect Buchanan the country would be safe and the Union preserved inviolate, &c. These delusive and unredeemed pledges and promises made fools of many a Southerner and committed them to the support of the party. I did believe for 185-51' that there was some hope for the country in Northern Democracy, yet I was suspicious all the time, but when the thin film was cast from my eyes (the first vote that was given in the House of Representatives when the question was direct) I have never had any difficulty in determining Northern policy and national Democracy from that day to this.

So far as my judgment is cocnerned-it may be bad and misguided, I only know it is honestly entertained- it is this (summing up the whole matter): The Union is inevitably dissolved unless the pocket nerve of the Northern manufacturer and merchant is sufficiently powerful to prevent it. Democracy has no more power over it now than my dog Joler, and in my judgment as a party never cared whether it was dissolved or not so that they held the loaves and fishes in their hands. As to Northern Democratic patriotism-excuse me. I know that criminations will do no good. I am sorry for it but I have no confidence in Douglas or Northern Democracy however much I do have in individuals.

I cannot think of any condition of things that would compel me to make a choice between Douglas and Lincoln. Nothing would induce me to vote for either of them. With regard to our lands.

Very truly, yours,

A. W. REDDING.

[Numbers 4.]

CRAWFORDVILLE, GA., August 2, 1860.

DEAR ANDERSON: I have just got home after a two weeks' absence. Both your letters are before me. I am obliged to you for them. I shall accept the position of elector in thisState and make the best fight that can be made. Our cause is hopeless in Georgia, but the path of duty is the path of safety. I don't know that my health will permit me to take a very active part in the canvass. I do hope that New York will prevent the election of Lincoln; that will be a great achievement. If Maine should go for Douglas in September it will give him thousands of votes at the South that he would not otherwise get. I have no time to say more. The hour is at hand for closing the mail. I am still feeble, very feeble, but better than when I wrote to you last.

Yours, truly,

ALEX. H. STEPHENS.

