
politician for the occasion. I am with him and always have been before the doctrine of non-intervention by Congress on slavery in the Territories. I want no slave code nor do I think Congress ought to pass any or that our interest requires any. I am much pleased to hear you express the hope that the offending States may repeal those laws on fugitives so justly obnoxious to the South and her interest, and I am sure I have pleasure in knowing that "Little Aleck" shall be the medium through which it may be done, alike honorable to the North and the South. As he has said truly time has laid Massachusetts and South Carolina side by side in their vote upon the tariff. That in 1832 placed these two States so antagonistic; now they meet upon common ground and vote a like for a tariff. May we not hope that the present difficulty may be averted and that soon we of the South and the North may see alike upon this negro question? I verily believe it may be-nay will be so if we can keep such men as Yancey and other unconditional seceders from running away with the people. If the South secede unconditionally or make resistance in or out of the Union I am with her. Her destiny is my destiny, and in her bosom will I live and die and among her hills and valleys shall my bones rest, whether she act wisely or unwisely.

I have always understood that Aleck governed Toombs much more than Toombs did Stephens. This too I suppose should be so, as I never had any difficulty in awarding very superior ability in Stephens over Toombs, yet I am glad that Aleck is separated from Toombs. I have more confidence in his ability and his intentions to do right when I know he is freed from the influence (if any) of Robert Toombs. I cannot but think that we as a nation have not yet fulfilled our destiny, and that somehow or someway else by the blessings of theGod of nations and the keeping our powder dry we should weather the storm, yet I confess it looks most dark and forbidding just now. Whenever an opportunity presents itself of disposing of our Worth lands I shall not be slow to let you know it. They are somewhat inquired for by speculators since they were advertised last year, but I have had no offer for them. I have been asked my price, and have said $2 per acre cash would buy them.

I am, truly, yours,

A. W. REDDING.

[Numbers 7.]

CRAWFORDVILLE, GA., January 8, 1861.

S. J. ANDERSON, New York.

DEAR ANDERSON: Your letter of the 2nd instant was received last night. I also got one from you in November last, which I have not as yet or before this acknowledged. I was truly obliged to you for it, as I am for the one now before me, but was really too much occupied at the time to send an acknowledgment, especially as there was nothing in it that required special reply. I am now more at leisure, though still under pressure. In a few days I am to leave home of rour convention to be absent no one knows how long. What our State will do I cannot tell. From reports it appears that the extreme men will be in a large majority in the convention. I shall, however, still hope for the best while I hold myself prepared for the worst. There would be no difficulty in this matter if our people really wanted a settlement of the question-I mean our ultra leading men-but I fear they do not

39 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

