
you to my inclosed report of the 7th which should have been transmitted by the steamer George Peabody.

I take great pleasure in annoucing to you the continued strengthening of my belief in the loyality of the citizens of this State who inhabit the counties bordering on the Pamlico Sound. The sincerity of the people who live upon the stript of land running from Hatteras Inlet to Oregon Inlet is not to be doubted; they have all taken the oath of allegiance, which you will perceive is a strong one, and have shown every disposition to assist me in every manner possible, such as funishing me with supplies, giving information of the movements of the enemy, &amp;c. I have sent three of the most intelligent of their number to the other side of the sound for the purpose of informing the inhabitants of the real intentions of the Federal Army and ascertaining what the real feeling is among the people.

My belief is that troops could be raised here for the purpose of suppressing rebellion in North Carolina upon the assurance that they would not be called on to go out of the State. I have been unable to secure any considerable amount of property plundered form the inhabitants. That which I have been able to get hold of has been returned. I presume that $5,000 will pay for all the property taken, and I would suggest that the Government make provision for paying it as soon as possible.

The people upon this strip of land have been peculiarly situated. Since the secession of this State their means of subsistence have been completely taken away from them, and now they are mostly without food or clothing, and in the winter, unless something can e done before, there will be great suffering among them. Cannot the Government send them flour, meat, cloth for clothing and some shoes? Each dollar spent in such acts of charity would bring scores of friends over the whole South.

* * * * * * *

I am, most faitfully, your obedient servant,

RColonel Ninth Regiment N. Y. Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FORT CLARK, Hatteras Inlet, N. C., September 7, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe, Va.

SIR: * * * During the afternoon of the 30th a delegation on behalf of the citizens of this island waited upon me and placed in my hands a paper, a copy of which is herewith inclosed and marked A. In answer to this communicaton I requested that as many of the citizens as could should meet me the next day for the purpose of arranging terms by which they might be permitted to remain here. Agreeably to my request about thirty came to see me, and the terms contained in an oath, a copy of which is herewith inclosed and marked B, were agreed upon. On my part I have agreed verbally to give them all the necessary protection against the vigilance committees which infest all parts of the State and are organized for the purpose of suppressing Union sentiments and pressing men into the service of the Confederate Army and to afford them such other protections as may appear necessary. Two hunderd and fifty have taken the oath and they are still coming in.

I am informed by some of these people that secret Union meetings have been held in several of the counties bordering on the Pamlico Sound, and that they would openly avow themselves true to the United

