
issue to-morrow morning. Would that we had thousands of such firm and clear-headed men at the North. My letter to your was written in a plain, free and frank manner, carefully avoiding anything calculated to hide the truth or mislead any one. I feel flattered that you should have thought it worthy of publication though I am glad you have suppressed my name. I made an effort to get the paper it was published in but could not find it at either of our printing offices. If you can get a paper cut it out and send it to me. I kept no copy of my letter.

I received a letter from Toombs this morning. To my question as to a feeling toward a reconstruction of the old Union he states that there is not the slightest idea of such a thing. To use his own language, "There is no difference of opinion here, and we are working day and night to put into operation as speedily as possible a permanent government forever. " If Lincoln does not open his eyes to the true condition of things when he arrives in Washington we shall certainly have war. We shall be ready for him, and I trust the Southern Congress will give the word before he can get warm in his seat. If we are to have war Fort Sumter must be ours before he can possibly re-enforce it. Keep this to yourself. Should anything of interest turn up I will write you again.

Yours, truly,

F. M. ROBERTSON.

[Numbers 11.]

CHARLESTON, February 19, 1861.

S. J. ANDERSON, Esq., New York.

DEAR SIR: This morning I received yours of 15th instant. I am unable to say whether any one is in your city employed to give important information in relation to our affairs, but under the system of vigilance and signals that characterize the doings in and about our harbor I greatly doubt the ability of any one much less a body of men to enter it but at great risk. The defenses are almost perfect in every respect with abundant force to work them, and although the Daniel Webster cleared for a port in Texas she may try to enter here. I would rather not be aboard if she does. In five-eighths of a mile of Fort Sumter there is an impregnable mortar and columbiad battery that will tell a tale when necessary. It is externally secured with heavy railroad iron and port holes protected by huge iron doors of great weight. A water battery filled with cotton and palmetto logs to carry four long 42-pounders will be launched to-morrow and will be ready in a few days. It will be anchored in the daytime near Fort Sumter. It is to be hoped that the fort will be surrendered when a demand from the Confederacy is made, for if it is not it will be taken at any cost. Long before you get this you will have read President Davis' inaugural. To my notion it is an excellent production and he means what he says. We can raise right here 5,000 men in a few hours, allwell drilled, equipped and officered. I would like to hear from you often. I have two sons in service. One left home 26th of December and was only relieved yesterday.

Very respectfully,

W. M. MARTIN.

[Numbers 12.]

JAMESTOWN, GA., March 15, 1861.

DEAR SAM: * * * Every man of the South so far as I know or have heard I believe will maintain the present position of the South-

