
ern Confederacy to annihilation. It is true that the course I thought it best to pursue was not acquiesced in by the majority and I yield to the will of a majority. I still think with the incredulity of the North that had all theSouthern States co-operated and made a common demand for redress and grievances I dare say such demand had been insultingly refused, which would have committed the whole South and consequently all would have gone in a body out of the Union or about the same time. It may not be so great a calamity as I once thought it might be for the border States to remain outside the confederacy as they will make so many outside rows in the political field upon which the enemies of the South may feed upon the shaded and stunted maize of our Southern farm and until we can get more cleared lands in Mexico to extend our cotton and negro influence.

The question of peace or war has been exceedingly complicated when judged of by old Abe's foolish sayings by the wayside, or even by his inaugural or any of his subsequent acts, so far as I can see and judge. The latest accounts we have, however, indicate a disposition to yield to the South the forts now held by the old Government. There are such a multiplicity of sensational items published as emanating from Lincoln and others in authority that I cannot tell when I have seen or heard the truth. I have to wait in painful suspense for many days for its confirmation or denail. I am pretty sure of one thing, that the possession of these forts is nothing more than a question of time; each party I think is studiously avoiding the first overt act. The re-enforce these forts is equivalent to a declaration of war. That Fort Sumter will be compelled to surrender or be re-enforced soon is a military necessity that even such men as I am can foresee. I trust that the sacrifice of human life will be averted which will be required to storm it or to re-enforce it, but if the necessity is forced upon us we will take it.

Our independnece we will have acknowledged and maintained. I think the idea of a reconstruction of the Federal Union is lost sight of in Georgia. There are many of us that still love the Union and would be rejoiced to see it reconstructed upon proper and equal terms, yet we are compelled to confess we are in woeful minority now. It is too true that the South has been precipitated into a dissolution of the Union for the sake of disunion and that its leaders have no idea now of ever making any overtures or receiving any. The Government is dissolved and it is forever dissolved. Not a shadow of hope for its reconstruction remain so far as I can see.

I confess to you that while I feel it to be my duty as well as my interest to yield my assent to the powers that be in this new Confederacy and to afford all my influence in its favor, yet I am very jealous of its leaders. The cabinet of President Davis I have but little confidence in-as to Bobuel Toombs I have none. If Aleck was in his place, or was a direct member of the cabinet, I should have much more confidence in it. It appears to me a very egotistical arrangement-a one-sided affair, and until I can see a larger share of magnanimity in it than has yet been manifested I shall have fears and doubts. I know that it is no selfishness in me. I do not want and would not willingly accept any office in the gift of any Government or men, but when I see any order of men appropriate by word or deed all the honor and glory, patriotism ormoral worth to themselves I know that set of men whether in church or state, socially or individually, will bear watching-they never prove themselves to be what they profess.

