
If our Government gets into trouble, and the time should come (God forbid it ever should) when it is being inquired into "Who did it?" I should not be surprised that Bonaparte's example would be too clearly copied by some of the "great I am. " I fear there are those in the cabinet who would not scruple to play a coup d'etat upon our beloved country. Nevertheless there is an immeasurable difference between our present position and that sought to put us in by our former Northern brethren. I will trust, however, that both our fears proceed more from our anxiety than otherwise. Before this reaches you I hope that things will so far have developed themselves that we shall know what is the policy of Lincoln's (if he have any) Government. Suspense begins to be more onerous than reality in its worst anticipated shape.

Since writing the above Sunday has passed over and another mail arrived which gave us no additional information, except that dame rumor says that the talked of withdrawal of troops from Fort Sumter is a ruse. I feel deeply mortified that the two sections should be so bitterly arrayed against each other. It is precisely like a family feud. I would treat my Northern brethren with the greatest respect and kindness if they would let me do so and at the same time enjoy my rights and immunities, but so help me God I will spill the last drop of blood in these old veins and spend the last red cent in the locker in the defense of these rights. And what is more, we intend to resist their insidious encroachments now and forever. They have boasted that we of the South cannot get along without their aid. Well, if they so believe, just leave us to our own ruin and we are content. We believe that we have all the elements of greatness as a nation and a people that ever clustered around the glory of any nation; we believe that the development of these elements has been retarded and kept back by NorthNorthern cupidity; we believe that that capital has been located North more by accident than otherwise; we believe that the Northern States by nature (not by law) should have been dependent upon the Southern States, and will be so when we assume our natural position-our position in obedience to our natural and physical resources.

* * * I shall be pleased to hear from you frequently. You are in the midst of the enemy's country; you are at headquarters; just give us the dots. I want to know what is the spirit of the yeomanry of the country, &amp;c.

I am, as ever, your friend, most truly,

A. W. REDDING.

[Numbers 13.]

NEW YORK, August 6, 1861.

DEAN RICHMOND, Esq.,

Chairman of Democratic State Committee.

SIR: An organization of influential citizens styled the Democratic States Rights Union Association has been formed in this city to sustain and uphold the Constitution of the United States. It is opposed to the coercion of States, hostile to the arbitrary and unconstitutional acts of the present Federal Administration and favorable to peace and a restoration of the Union. Its purpose is to assist in rallying public opinion, now temporarily perverted by misconception or restrained by terrorism, in favor of the objects above indicated, and especially to direct it to the real cause of our national difficulties, viz, the repudiation by the Republican party of the Constitution as has been truly and justly expounded by the Supreme Court of the United States.

