
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

John C. Strong of [Buffalo, N. Y.]. being duly sworn says that he has known Samuel J. Anderson, spoken of in the foregoing affidavit, for three or four years last past; that he has often conversed with him on the political subjects of the day; that on his return from the South and some timein June last as deponent now remembers the time he had a conversation with said Anderson at the Wadsworth House in this city; that though this deponent cannot remember the precise words of said Anderson he remembers very distinctly that he disapproved of the hasty action of the leaders in the Southern States, and expressed the opinion that the war might have been avoided and all the evils complained of redressed by political means; that from conversations with the said Anderson deponent verily believes it was his firm purpose to attend to his private business in New York and remain neutral during the war, taking no active part with the one party or the other; that while said Anderson had the sympathies and feelings of a Southern man and expressed them deponent believes it was the firm purpose of said Anderson to refrain from all or any active participation in the controversy and attend to his own private business. And further deponent saith not.

JNO C. STRONG.

Sworn before me this 4th day of September [October], 1861.

CUYLER GARRETT,

Commissioner of Deeds for Buffalo.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

I am well acquainted with Mr. Blasdell and Mr. Strong who have made the foregoing statements. They are respectable citizens and are entitled to full confidence. I commend them to your favorable consideration. You will probably recollect John C. Strong who formerly resided at Geneva and praticed law in the Seventh district. He will write you personally on this subject.

E. G. SPAULDING.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9, 1861.

Honorable E. G. SPAULDING, Buffalo, N. Y.

SIR: Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, has been this day directed to release Mr. Samuel J. Anderson upon his taking the oath of allegiance and engaging not to enter or communicate with any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States during the present hostilities without permission from the Secretary of State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, October 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Inclosed please find oath of allegiance and parole of Samuel J. Anderson whom I have this day released by your order. * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

