
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., October 11, 1861.

I, Samuel J. Anderson, do hereby give my word of honor that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence or communication whatever with them during the present hostilities without permission of the Secretary of State.

S. J. ANDERSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

STATE OF NEW YORK, County of Kings, ss:

I, Samuel J. Anderson, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

S. J. ANDERSON.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 11th day of October, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

79 SPRING STREET, NEW YORK, October 12, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Washington, D. C.

SIR: After thanking you for the promptness of your attention to my case I beg leave to say that I shall do myself the honor of calling on you within a few days. I have a letter from John A. Kennedy, esq., to you which I shall retain until I reach Washington. I have taken an obligation which is binding upon me and which I have no inclination to qualify or evade. This obligation was imposed upon me the condition of my release from a distressing and ruinous imprisonment. I have taken it and will keep it. I shall ask, sir, to be permitted to bring to your official notice certain facts in relation to individuals now incarcerated in Fort Lafayette which from my recent association with them I am enabled to do with accuracy. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. ANDERSON.

KIRKWOOD HOUSE, Washington, October 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I arrived here this morning. I inclose a letter from John A. Kennedy, esq. May I ask you to indicate an hour when I may expect the honor of an interview?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. ANDERSON.

---------------

*See p. 688 et seq. for case of Robert Elliot.

---------------

