
[Inclosure.]

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, October 12, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: The bearer of this is Mr. S. J. Anderson, lately confined at Lafayette. He desires an opportunity to communicate with you personally. I therefore take the liberty to introduce him. He is a man of education and capacity and may prove of value at this time, as he feels himself entirely severed from his former friends by recent events.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY.

ASTOR HOUSE, New York, November 1, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have just returned from Erie County after an absence of some ten days. I can perceive no prospect of obtaining suitableemployment for my mental and physical energies hereabouts. My political course and predilections have separated me from my former political friends here, and the conditions of my parole sever me from my friends in the South. Those conditions, however, are subject to remission by the Secretary of State. I have agreed not to go to a seceded State or write to any one therein without permission of the Secretary of State. I am therefore invited indirectly to apply for that permission. Political friends of yours, sir, somewhat interested in my affairs, have kindly tendered their good offices to obtain a passport from you releasing me from my parole. I have concluded, however, to select the more direct method of addressing you personally. I therefore ask you, sir, to grant me a remission of my parole, which I have no inclination to violate. Situated as I now am I am useless to myself and to others. As an humble individual I would appeal to the magnanimity of a powerful Government which could receive no perceptible detriment at my hands even if I were its bitterest foe. But I respectfully submit that I cannot be so considered while I firmly adhere to the motto, "Union and liberty, one and inseparable, now and forever. "

I have the honor to be, respectfully and truly, your petitioner,

S. J. ANDERSON.

NEW YORK, July 22, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I address this to you for obvious reasons. You are familiar with my case. The present Secretary of War was not in office when I was released from Fort Lafayette on parole. That parole was dictated by you as Secretary of State. From the best information in my power to obtain I was arrested by order of General Scott. When I addressed President Lincoln inquiring as to the charges against me he replied to me in prison through the Adjutant-General. When I was released on parole, however, my release came through your office. I have since had the honor of addressing you on the subject of remitting my parole. It now appears from the public prints that Generals Hill and Dix are to

