
meet for the purpose of agreeing upon a permanent basis of exchange of prisoners, &amp;c., and that lists of all prisoners confined and on parole are to be furnished. I have to request that my name may not be omitted from the list of prisoners on parole.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. J. ANDERSON.

Case of Ellis B. Schnabel.

This person was arrested in Connecticut by the U. S. marshal of that State and committed to Fort Lafayette August 29, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State. He was charged with disloyalty; with making treasonable harangues at peace meetings in Connecticut and with publicly denouncing the Government. An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 5, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Schnabel on his taking the oath of allegiance. Schnabel declined to take the oath and his release at this time, but subsequently expressed a desire to be released on taking the oath and an order was issued from said Department October 22, 1861, again directing Colonel Burke to release Schnabel on his taking the oath. He was accordingly released October 24, 1861. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

OFFICE OF THE U. S. ATTORNEY, Newark, August 30, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The U. S. marshal of this State has to-day seized two trunks belonging to Ellis B. Schnabel, yesterday arrested in Connecticut and now in Fort Lafayette. He wishes me to direct him what to do with them, and I therefore refer to you for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. Q. KEASBEY,

U. S. Attorney.

OFFICE OF THE U. S. ATTORNEY, Neward, September 2, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The trunks of Ellis B. Schnabel seized by the marshal of this State were examined to-day and nothing of a suspicious or doubtful character found. The papers consisted chiefly of old correspondence and notes for Douglas speeches. No recent correspondence appeared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. Q. KEASBEY,

U. S. Attorney for New Jersey.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 5, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Ellis B. Schnabel, confined in Fort Lafayette, may be discharged upon the condition of swearing before a competent magistrate

