
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 22, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

COLONEL: You will release Mr. EllisB. Schnabel on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State.

STATE OF NEW YORK, County of Kings, ss:

I, Ellis B. Schnabel, do solemnly affirm that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose, without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

ELLIS B. SCHNABEL.

Affirmed to and subscribed before me this 24th day of October, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

Case of William Patrick and J. C. Rahming.

This person [William Patrick] was arrested in New York by order of the Secretary of War August 28, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with having corresponded and transacted business of a commercial character with persons residing in the insurrectionary States in violation of the President's proclamation of August 16, 1861. An order was issued by the Secretary of State September 11, 1861, directing Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Patrick. The said William Patrick was accordingly released September 13, 1861, unconditionally, claiming to be a British subject.

John C. Rahming was arrested by order of John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police at New York City, September 2, 1861, and by order of the Secretary of State committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with attempting to induce the owners of the schooner Artic to take cannon from Nassau to Wilmington, N. C., for the use of the rebels. An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 14, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to tender Rahming his release on his giving a bond with a penalty of $2,500 with sureties, &amp;c., that during his abode in this country he will do nothing hostile to the Government of the United States. He was accordingly released September 18, 1861. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

