
The Government has been prepared by the favorable reports it has heard of Mr. Patrick since his arrest to believe what Mr. Archibald states-that he has not willingly consented to be implicated in this treasonable correspondence in which his partner Smith is so deeply compromitted. I have therefore by authority of the President directed that he shall be released from confinement. This is the more cheerfully done because the publicity of what has happened will probably be sufficient to prevent further attempts to employ the firm of Smith &amp; Patrick as a medium of tresonable communication. I return the communication of Mr. Archibald as proposed.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 11, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: You will be pleased to discharge William Patrick, who has for some time past been confined as a political prisoner at Fort Lafayette.

I am, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 12, 1861.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &c.:

The Secretary of State presents his compliments to Lord Lyons and acknowledges the receipt under cover from his lordship of a report* from Mr. Archibald, the British consul at New York, relative to the case of Mr. Rahming, a British subject detained at Fort Lafayette. That report is under consideration with other papers appertaining to the case.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 14, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: You may inform Mr. Rahming, confined at Fort Lafayette, that hemay be released upon giving a bond witha penalty to the amount of $2,500 and with sureties to the satisfaction of the U. S. attorney that during his abode in this country he will do nothing hostile to the Government of the United States.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &c.

SIR: Her Majesty's Government were much concerned to find that two British subjects, Mr. Patrick and Mr. Rahming, had been subjected to arbitrary arrest, and although they had learned from a telegraphic dispatch from me that Mr. Patrick had been released they could not but regard the matter as one requiring their very serious consideration. Her Majesty's Government perceive that when British subjects as well as American citizens are arrested they are immediately transferred to a military prison and that the military authorities refuse to pay obedience

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

