
[Sub-inclosure B.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLIN, Hyde County:

We, the undersigned, do solemy swear that we will true allegiance bear to the United States of North America; that we will not take up arms against said Government or hodl any communication with its enemies or aid or comfort its enemies in any way whatever, and that we will give to the commandant of Fort Clark any information we may obtain or receive of the approach of the enemy; and in case we are called upon we will assist the commandant of said fort in his defense thereof against any add all the enemies of the said United States of North America, and we will always under any and all circumstances support the Constitution of the said United States.

[Sub-inclosure C.]

FORT CLARK, N. C., September 2, 1861.

Colonel MAX WEBER.

DEAR COLONEL: I learn with great regnet that your men and others under your command still continue to commit depredations against the property of the inhabitans of this island. It seems that they pass from the fort over which you have command to the land above by boats. This must and shall stop. These people are worthy, loyal citizens and have taken the oath to support the Constitution of the United States, and they ought to and shall be protected in their rights of property and person, and I shall in future use all the power under my control to see that they are protected. This passage by boats must cease from this date, and if it cannot be prevented by any other means I shall use my artillery against all the boats I may see pass. I have promited these people protection and intend to keep my promise good.

Yours, very truly,

RUSH C. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 11, 1861.

Captain JAMES GRIMSLEY,

Twenty-first Indiana Volunteers, Baltimore,

In charge of detachment and prisoners:

You will proceed from Fort McHenry, Baltimore, to New York Harbor in charge of certain political of State prisoners as foloows: Geroge P. Kane, late marshall of police of Baltimore; Rober Drane, Fairfax County, Va. ; Arthur Dawson, Loundon County, Va. ; Benjamin Egglestone, Washington, D. C. ; Jonan Orrison, Loundoun County, Va. ; James G. Davidson, Loundon County, Va. ; Mahlon Myers, London County, Va. ; James W. Daniel, Loundon County, Va. ; John Pegram, Baltimore; Dennis Kelly, Baltimore; Thomas Shields, Baltimore: William McKewen, Baltimore; Benjamin F. McCawley, Baltimore; George Thompson, Baltimore; John Wilkins, Baltimore; A. Williamson, Baltimore Patrick Crohan, Baltimore; James Campbell, Baltimore; David H. Lucchesi, Baltimore; Alexander Conner, Baltimore; Frederick Tollenback, Baltimore; Patrick Conway, Baltimore; George a. Appleton, Baltimore; David Summers, Baltimore; Michael J. Grady, Baltimore; Jehu L. Bouldin, Baltimore; George Summers, Baltimore; Samuel Davidson Baltimore; George Gosswell, Baltimore; Philip Cassidy, Baltimore.

(The above named are all citizens.)

