
getting their pay. Old "Sennacharib" and his "piratical abolitionists" are almost bankrupt, and Secretary Chase came on here a few days ago and told the banks that unless they furnished money very liberally the Lincoln Government would at once go down. I have heard returned soldiers say that the Government at Washington was in the hands of an infernal pack of abolition speculators who were enriching themselves by ruining the whole country. All of the leaders at Washington are abolitionists of the Helper book, Greley and Beecher school.

Mr. W. A. Ladden, brother of the Rev. A. P. Ladden, had a son, W. A. Ladden, Jr., in the Fourteenth Regiment of this State. He was wounded. The Federal loss in killed, wounded and missing cannot be far short of 5,000. The rush from Bull Run by the whole army and the abolition spectators, Senators, Congressmen and all over the dead and the dying must have been dreadful in the extreme. In achieving such an important triumph the South lost many brave and gallant men. Peace to their ashes. Heaven bless and protect their families. To all those who are yet able to defend the right I can only say courage and energy and a final and glorious triumph will soon be secured. We have now more than 100 of the best newspapers in the North against an injust and unholy war. Ministers, ruined business men, mechanics and all classes and conditions are beginning to condemn this abolition war. The Federal prisoners that have returned say that the Confederate officers are perfect gentlemen and that Southern people treated them with the utmost kindness.

Try and send this letter to brother George Addison with the slips for him to read. When you write give me all the news about our friends, and once more I say remember myself and family affectionately to all of our dear relatives you may chance to see.

With best wishes for your health and happiness, I remain, your affectionate brother.

BENJAMIN F. GROVE.

Show Captain Long the slips and the letter too if you think proper. The slip in regard to the writ of habeas corpus and others are worth publishing when you are done with them. Remember myself and family to the folks at Oak Grove. General Ben McCulloch has given the abolitionists a tremendous defeat in Missouri, so says the late news.

WASHINGTON, August 31, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette.

Receive and detain Benjamin F. Grove, who will be brought to you by the marshal of New York.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, September 2, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Inclosed you will please find a package of letters and papers found in possession of Benjamin F. Grove, who was delivered into the custody of Colonel Martin Burke at Fort Lafayette by your order of August 31, 1861.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

