
standing; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

BENJAMIN F. GROVE.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 8th day of October, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., October 8, 1861.

I, Benjamin F. Grove, do hereby give my word of honor that I will do no act hostile or injurious to the Government of the United States; that I will not enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Federal Government, and that I will not hold any correspondence or communication whatever with anybody in those States during the present insurrection without the permission of the Secretary of State.

BENJAMIN F. GROVE.

Witness:

CHARLES W. CHURCH.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9, 1861.

Mrs. B. F. GROVE, Brooklyn, N. Y.

MADAM: Your application to the President for permission to visit your husband at Fort Lafayette has been referred to this Department and in reply I have to inform you that directions for his release on certain conditions were issued to Colonel Burke on the 4th instant which I presume have been complied with before now.

I am, madam, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

Numbers 250 ADELPHI STREET, BROOKLYN, October 14, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, State Department, Washington.

SIR: I am informed that some letters and papers belonging to me and of consequence to me only were forwarded to the Department of State. If so I will be greatly obliged to you if you will be kind enough to have them sent back to me. Allow me to say that your favor of the 9th instant to Mrs. Grove was duly received and places both myself and my wife under weighty obligations to you. Thanks, thanks for your kind attention. I am now with my precious and devoted household through an especial favor, and I cannot forbear to express the deep sense of gratitude I will always cherisk in remembrance of the favorable and merciful consideration that it pleased the Department of STate to take touching my appeal for release from Fort Lafayette. To merit such consideration will be my solemn, bounden duty.

Once more I tender my earnest acknowledgments and remain, yours, respectfully,

BENJAMIN FRA

