
BROOKLYN, November 18, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Department of State, Washington.

SIR: Since writing to you in regard to the matter I have again called upon the Honorable R. Murray, U. S. marshal, but have not as yet obtained the papers about which I addressed a note to the Department of State a short time since. These papers were placed in the hands of the marshal's officer and if found as I represented to be handed to G. R. Walton, esq., of this city. Among them as important only to me are two notes of hand of $750 each, two receipts for money in favor of a Mr. Platt, of Massachusetts, and a few letters from Pennsylvania in regard to private business affairs. The marshal informs me that they were sent to your office. If anything can be said or done to enable me to get them I will esteem it as a great favor.

Regretting to trouble you because I know your engagements are numerous and pressing, I remain, yours, truly,

BENJAMIN F. GROVE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 21, 1861.

B. F. GROVE, Esq., 250 Adelphi Street, Brooklyn, N. Y.

SIR: Your letter of the 18th instant has been received. I have to-day sent a package of letters with the two notes for $750 each belonging to you to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal for the southern district of New York. The receipts referred to by you do not appear to have been received at this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 22, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: I inclose herewith a package of letters* taken from the person of B. F. Grove, lately confined in Fort Lafayette. You will please return these papers to Mr. Grove if there be within your knowledge no objection to such disposition of them. In one of the letters you will find two notes of$750 each which particularly asked for by Mr. Grove.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

Case of Robert Mure.

Robert Mure, of Charleston, S. C., a naturalized citizen of Scottish birth, was arrested in New York on the 14th day of August, 1861, by order of the State Depratment transmitted to the superintendent of police the preceding day. This order was issued upon information communicated to the Department in substantially the following form:

Robert Mure, an Englishman by birth but resident of Charleston, S. C., for the last thirty years, is to take the steamer at New York Wednesday for Europe. He has highly important dispatches from Confederate Congress very carefully concealed Intercept dispatches and the Confederates will be in your power.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

