
Mure was found to have letters of appointment and instructions as bearer of dispatches from the British consul at Charleston to the British secretary of state for foreign affairs; also a canvas bag alluded to in his instructions as containing his dispatches sealed with a consular seal. He had also a large number of letters to a great number of parties in Europe. No dispatches from the Confederate Congress nor other papers or documents except those mentioned above were found in his possession. Allegations were made that Mure was a colonel in the militia of South Carolina and served in that capacity at the attack on Fort Sumter. On the 17th day of October, 1861, Mure was released on giving his parole not to enter any of the insurrectionary States nor hold any correspondence with persons residing therein, nor do any act of hostility orinjury to the United States during the insurrection. - From Record's Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New York, June 20, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: * * * In connection with this matter I may as well mention that the British consul at Charleston, Mr. Bunch, is a notorious secessionist, and that he has used his position in every way he could since the troubles began in aiding the secession movement. To say nothing of furnishing Trappman, a native of the United States, with a passport and making him bearer of dispatches for Lord Lyons I have several other cases where he has furnished passposrts to citizens of the United States. I think I can procure one of the passports given to a young man who is now here and I learn is about to be an officer in Sickles' brigade. He had been in the secession service before Fort Sumter.

What I was about to refer to was the use he has made of his office for facilitating the transmission of treasonable correspondence between Charleston and other places. A Belgian by the name of Du Clos, formerly a merchant here-one of the most outspoken of Southern sympathizers-for several weeks before he left for Europe, as is supposed on the business of the Confederate States of America, was in the habit of receiving letters from Charleston at the office of Mr. Archibald, the British consul, which were inclosed under the consulated seal of Mr. Bunch, the consul, in one of which he said he received $500 and on which he entered on his travels. On inquiring at Mr. Archibald's office into this practice the vice-consul avowed that up to the stoppage of the mails South they were in the constant receipt of packages of letters from Mr. Bunch for strange persons of whom they had no knowledge which they delivered to whoever asked for them, the office of the consul being thus made a convenience for all operations with Confederates here that the ordinary securities of the mail were regarded too insecure to furnish.

I mention this now in view of the connection Mr. Bunch's name has with Trappman, but not with the thought of involving Mr. Archibald who was used as the convenient instrument of others. I may be able to procure for you a photograph of Captain Trappman in full uniform in a few days.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

