
The bag addressed to "Lord John Russell" I intrust to the charge of Detective Robert King to deliver with this note to you in Washington, pursuant to the instructions received in your telegram of to-day. On counting the letters I find there are four unsealed and sixty-six sealed. Several of them are bulky and appear to contain a number in each of the envelopes. I respectfully request instructions from you as to the manner in which I shall dipose of these letters.

Very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

I inclose one of several pamphlets* found among his things which appears to have been printed for foreign circulation.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HER BRITANIC MAJESTY'S CONSULATE, NORTH AND SOUTH CAROLINA. -Numbers 121.

We, Robert Bunch, esq., Her Britannic Majesty's consul for the States of North and South Carolina, &c., do hereby certify that the bearer, Mr. Robert Mure, is a British merchant residing in Charleston and that he proceeds hence to New York and Liverpool charged with dispatches on Her Majesty's service from us to Lord John Russell, Her Majesty's principal secretary of state for foreign affairs. We therefore request that he may be permitted to pass freely and that he may receive all proper protection and assistance in virtue of his employment by us.

Given under our hand and seal of office at the city of Charleston the 7th day of August, 1861.

ROBERT BUNCH,

Her Jamesty's Consul.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BRITISH CONSULATE, Charleston, August 7, 1861.

ROBERT MURE, Esq., Bearer of Dispatches.

SIR: You will receive herewith a bag of dispatches addressed to Lord John Russell, Her Majesty's principal secretary of state for foreign affairs, which I beg you to convey with all convenient speed to Liverpool. Should you upon reaching that port not proceed immediately to London you will be so good as to deliver the bag to Her Majesty's postmaster at Liverpool with the request that he will forward it at once to the foreign office. I beg to impress upon you that these dispatches are of the greatest importance and I would suggest that you should keep them by you as much as possible, not allowing them to go into your luggage. In the improbable event of your being detained on your road to New York by any authority of the United States I have no objection to the bag being delivered to an officer of rank upon his giving a receipt for it and promising to have it delivered to Her Majesty's minister at Washington. But I can scarcely suppose the possibility of your detention. Should you unfortunately be detained in New York by illness or otherwise the bag may be delivered to Her Majesty's consul with the request that he will forward it. But I prefer that it should go with you.

Wishing you a safe and pleasant journey, I am, sir, your faithful servant,

ROBERT BUNCH.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

