
OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE,

New York, August 15, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: This morning I conveyed Robert Mure to Fort Hamilton and delivered him into the custody of Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, who immediately transferred him to Fort Lafayette.

On my return to town I found among my letters an anonymous one which is represented to be from an intimate acquaintance of Mure. He says Mure is a Scotchman, not an Englishman; that his relatives reside in the vicinity of Kirkcudbright, Scotland; that he has resided in Charleston about thirty years; that before the breaking out of this rebellion he held a commission in a Charleston militia company; that during the last spring he was acting as a field officer of a Charleston regiment; that he was in such service during the attack on Fort Sumter and that he is a citizen of the United States, having been naturalized many years ago. But he declines to make himself known on account of previous intimacy.

From my conversation with Mure I had concluded he was a Scotchman who had resided a long time in this country. He professed to have been perfectly neutral on the rebellion question; that he deplored the existence of war of such a kind; that it had ruined his business of cotton merchant; that he was in the habit of visiting Europe annually and always took with him the dispatch bag of the British consul as an accommodation for himself; that as soon as it became known that he was about to leave for Europe letters were left at his house by everybody; that he intended putting them in the New York post-office on arrival here but was prevented by want of time; that he don't know who any letter in particular is from and supposes they are all on private affairs, as the disarrangement of the mails has nearly destroyed private correspondence between persons in theSouth and those in Europe, &amp;c. I have examined the letters found on him and none but one addressed to William H. Trappman are apparently for any known secessionist abroad.

Very truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 16, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Police, New York.

SIR: The bearer, Mr. Robert King, has delivered to me a letter addressed to Mure and inclosed in an envelope directed to me; also a bag addressed to Lord John Russell and a pamphlet, thus fully executing the trust reposed in him. You will please send me all other papers and documents found in the prisoner's possession, allowing him to retain none, and thus enable me to understand and properly decide upon the case.

Very truly, yours,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BROOKLYN, August 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I take the liberty of introducing Mr. Stanton Blake, banker, who visits Washington for an interview with you on behalf of the

