
WASHINGON, D. C., September 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Immediately after the arrest of my brother, on consultation with some of his friends I employed a man named Benjamin Egglestone, of this city, to carry a letter to Richmond. I selected this man because I had known him for many years, and because he was acquanted with many persons in Richmond who had gone from Baltimore, and because of his symphathy with the South, and was active and shrewd. I took care as far as possible that my commision should be the sole purpose of his trip. I furnished him with money to pay expenses and gave him a letter to my brother from his wife. He left here in the stage, crossed the Potomac and made his way to Richmond partly of foot. The Star of the same date published his departure with the remark that he was a noted secessionist. After visiting Richmond and delivering the letter with verbal messages from myself he returned to Baltimore, making forty miles of the journey of foot. His friends here and in Baltimore, knowing of the publication in the Star and fearful of his arrest if he returned here, advised him to remain in Baltimore. While I was about to apply to you for a pass to enable him to return to his family here he was arrested and has been confined in Fort McHenry for the last ten days. That he has been quilty of any disloyal act or any indiscretion in Baltimore since his return there I am not awre, but believe that his arrest was solely on account of his visit to Richmond. Under these circumstances I would most respectfully ask you to inclose to me an order to the commander at fort McHenry to release the said Benjamin Egglestone, with a pass to return to his family in this city.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

SAML, M. MAGRAW.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 12, 1861.

Please let this man be released.

SIMON CAMEREON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE OF H. B. CROSBY, SHOLESALE GROCER., September 12, 1861.

[From to-day's paper.]

The following are the names of the most prominent secection members of Congress, some of whom are now roaming about the country "giving aid and comfort to the enemy" in various ways:

Honorable Benjamin Wood, of New York, editor of a secession newspaper.

Honorable H. C. Burnett, of Kentucky, making secession stump speeches.

Honorable John B. Clark, of Missouri, expelled from the House of Representatives, now in the rebel letters.

Honorable C. L. Vallandingham, of Ohio, delivred secession stump speeches and writing secession letters.

Honorable John W. Reid, of Missouri, raising a regiment to join the rebel forces.

Honorable John c. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, getting up disunion barbecues, and trying to strenthen the backbone of secessionists.

Honorable Henry May, of Maryland, doing his best to keep out of Fort lafayette where a number of his "fellow-citizens" are now taking an airing.

Honorable Jesse D. Bright, of Indiana, missing since the discovery and publication of a letter to Jeff. Davis.

Honorable James a. Bayard, of Delaware, Honorable Trusten Polk, of Missouri, and a half dozen members of the House of Representatives, are now remaining comparatively quiet in view of the necessity which the Government has recently adopeted of encouraging emigration to a certain fort in New York Harbor.

5 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

