
Britannic Majesty's consul at Charleston will in that case be promptly made to feel the severe dispeleasure of the Government which employs him, since there can be no greater crime against society than a perversion by the agent of one Government of the hospitality afforded to him by anbother to desing against its safety, dignity and honor.

I think it proper to say that I have apprised Lord Lyons of this transaction and of the general character of this letter, while he is not in any way compromised by any asssent given to my proceedings or by any opinions expressed by him or asked from him.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 17, 1861

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, &amp;C.

SIR: Among the letters found on the person of Robert Mure mentioned in my dispatch of this date there are many which more or less directly implicate Mr. Robert Bunch, the British consul at Charleston, as a conspirator against the Government of the United States. The following is an extract from one of them:

Mr. Bunch on oath of secrecy communicated to me also that the first step to recognition was taken. He and Mr. Belligny together sent Mr. Trescot to Richmond yestereday to ask Jeff. Davis, President, to ---- the treaty of ---- to

-----

the neutral flag covering neutral goods to be respected. This is the first step of direct treating with our Government. So prepare for active business by January 1.

You will submit this information to the British Government and request that Mr. Bunch may be removed from his office, saying that this Government will grant an exequatur to any person who may be appointed to fil it who will not pervert his functions to hostilities against the United States.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 23, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: Presuming that they will be of interest to your Department I inclose herewith transcripts* of certain letterse found upon the person of Mr. Mure, recently arrested under suspicious circumstances at New York.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, August 27, 1861.

CHARLES C. NOTT, Esq., Numbers 69 Wall Street, New York.

SIR: Your letter of the 24th instant* is received. In reply I have to inform you that it is not deemed compatible with the public interest to permit visitors to hold intercourse at present with Robert Mure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

