
to feel the severe displeasure of the Government whose good faith he has sought to dishonor; for there can be no difference of opinion as to the nature of an offense which involes the perversion by the agent of one Government of the hospitality afforded to him by another to conspire against its safety, dignity and honor.

I pray your lordship to accept the assurance of the highest consideration with which I have the honor to be your lordship's most obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES.

London, September 3, 1861.

Right Honorable Earl RUSSELL, &amp;C.

MY LORD: The undersigned, envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of the United States, deeply regrets the painful necessity that compels him to make a representation to the Right Honorable Lord Russeell, Her Majesty's principal secretaryof state for foreign affairs, touching the conduct of Mr. Robert Bunch, Her Majesty's consul for the port of Charleston in the United States. It appears from the contents of one of found in the possession of Mr. Robert Mure, bearer of dispatches from Mr. Bunch to the Government of Great Britain but detained as an agent of the enemies of the United States, that the following statement is made of the action of Mr. Bunch in Charleston:

Mr. B. on oath of secrecy communicated to me also that the first step to recognition was taken. He and Mr. Belligny together sent Mr. Trescot to Richnmond yesterday to ask Jeff. DAvis, President, to ---- the treaty of

-----

to

------

the neutral flag covering neutral goods to be respected. This is the first step of direct treating with our Government. So prepare for active business by 1st of January.

The undersigned is instructed to submit this information to Her Majesty's Government with a request that if it be found to be correct Mr. Bunch may be at once removed from his office. The undersigned is further instructed to add that the President will cheerfully accord an exequatur to any person who may be appointed to succeed him who will faithfully perform his functions without injury to the rights and the interests of the United States.

The undersigned avails himself of this occasion to renew to Lord Russell the assurances of his highest consideration.

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES.

London, September 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception at the hands of your messenger, Captain Schultz, of a bag purporting to contain public dispatches from Mr. Robert Bunch, the consul at Charleston, to Lord Russell, the head of the foreign office in London.

In conformity with the instructions contained in your Numbers 63 dated the 17th of August I immediately addressed a note to Lord Russell explanatory of the reasons why such a bag was received through this channel, a copy of which is herewith transmitted. In it you will perceive that I have endeavored to adhere as closely as possible to the

