
language of your communication to me. At the same time in obedience to the directions contained in your Numbers 64, dated the 17th of August, I addressed another note to his lordship stating the grounds of dissatisfaction felt by the President with the conduct of Mr. Bunch and requesting his removal. A copy of this note is likewise appended to the present dispatch. These two notes together with the bag in exactly the same condition in which I received it from Captain ed my assistant secretary, Mr. Benjamin Moran, to take with him to the foreign office and there to deliver into the hands of his lordship if present, or if absent from town into those of one of Her Majety's under secretaries of state for foreign affairs.

Accordingly on the afternoon of Tuesday the 4th instant at about quarter past 3 o'clock as Mr. Moran reports to me, he went to the foreign office and finding Lord Russell to be absent from town he delivered the bag and the notes into the hands of Mr. Lyard, on of the undersecretaries. Since that time I have had no reply from his lordship although I received on Saturday last two notes from him on matters of minor consdquence. I had hoped to send something by Captain Schultz who returns in the Great Eastern and I shall yet do so if it should come before the bag closes. I have consented to the departure of Captain Schultz mainly because Mr. Dayton has expressed a great desire that he should take charge of his dispatches as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

London, September 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I now have the honor to transmit copies of two notes received yesterday from Lord Russell in answer to my notes of the 3rd of September transmitting to him the bag of Mr. Bunch.

It appears from one of them that Mr. Bunch has been acting under secret instructions which are only now acknolwedged because they have come to light, and that his grnting a safe conduct to an emissary of secession charged with treasonable papers is no objection to his neutral character in the eyes of his employers.

With regard to the question presented in the other note it is satisfactory to me at least in so far as it devolves all responsibility for the further treatment of the question into more capable hands. I transmit also a copy of my reply.

I shall not dwell further on the difficulties this question may occa rather to another subject not altogether foreign from it which will not fail to require speedy attention.

* * * *

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FOREIGN OFFICE, September 9, 1861

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, Esq., &amp;c.

SIR: I received with some surprise from Lord Lyons an intimation that a sealed bag directed by one of Her Majesty's consuls to Her

