
cising authority in the so-called Confederate States the desire of those Governments that the second, third and fourth articles of the declaration of Paris should be observed by those States in the prosecution of the hostilities in which they were engaged. Mr. Adams will observe that the commerce of Great Britain and France is deeply interested in the maintenance of the articles providing that the flag covers the goods and that the goods of a neutral taken on board a belligerent ship are not liable to condemnation. Mr. Bunch therefore in what he has done in this matter has acted in obedience to the instructions of his Government who accept the responsibility of his proceedings so far as they are known to the foreign department and who cannot remove him from his office for having obeyed his instructions.

But when it is stated in a letter from some person not named that the first step to the recognition of the Southern States by Great Britain has been taken the undersigned begs to decline all responsibility for such statement. Her Majesty's Government have already recognized the belligerent character of the Southern States and they will continue to consider them as belligerents. But Her Majestys' Government have not recognized and are not prepared to recognize the so-called Confederate States as a separate and independent State.

The undersigned requests Mr. Adams to accept the assurance of his highest consideration.

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

NEW YORK, September 20, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State

DEAR SIR: Mr. Mott, who was associated with us for Mr. Mure, of Charleston, now in Fort Lafayette, having left for Saint Louis the further care of the matter has devolved upon us. May we ask the favor of you to inform us by letter as soon as the Department is in reciept of the expected information bearing upon the case that we may apply for a personal interview with the Secretary of State, and oblige,

Yours, very truly,

FOSTER &amp; THOMSON.

42 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

