
It is really wonderful my friends in Charleston could so well keep Mrs. Mure in ignorance of my arrest. I question if such a course is prudent. It in the end maybbe more severe upon her. I trust not, however, I have really nothing to write you from here.

Yours, faithfully,

ROBT. MURE.

P. S. - This must not be published.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October -, 1861.

Messrs. FOSTER &amp; THOMSON, New York.

GENTLEMEN: I wrote you a note on the 4th stating I had just then received your favor of 20th instant* setting forth the result of your (Mr. Thomson's) interview with Mr. Seward at Washington. The more I reflect on your letter the more I feel Mr. Bunch is too honorable to have complicated me in using his consular seal to cover treasonable matter to his Government. If the evidence of such be established then Mr. Bunch's exequatur should be promptly taken from him -in fact his Govwernment should recal him and hold me harmless of rhis acts when I merely conveyed a sealed bag without the least knowledge of its contents. I insist that my deposition be taken and if you have not power to get this done other counsel be called to your aid and I would suggest the name of the Honorable Edwin M. Stanton at Washington (late Attorney-General.) Mr. Seward takes such grounds as ae not likely to be sustained if properly and boldly set before him.

Touching what is set forth as a passport it was simply an open letter. The application of a "British merchant" was not improperly applied, for with the exception of myself and one other house in Charleston there are none of British birth and in that wasy the name of a British merchant has often been applied to me in Charleston. My business is confined to England mainly, but I myself placed no weight on Mr. Bunch's letter beyond instructions how to act in case any Government agent or official required my authority for carrying the dispatches. I left Charleston as has been my custom for twenty years as an American citizen. I was arrested as a British subject and being such in one sense made no formal objection for proof of which but conferred with Mr. Archibald or his vice, Mr. Edwards, informing him upon all points as to my citizenship, &c.

As matters now stand I hold that Mr. Seward should give me every opportunity to establish my innocence by procuring such information from Charleston as to set at rest as to my knowledge of what was in the dispatch bag and that I traveled as an American citizen although bearing a letter from Mr. Bunch. I apprehend, however, such treatment to a loyal citizen will drive him hereafter to other and that to his mother allegiance. I had full assurance before leaving home I would have no difficulty in proceeding via New York to Liverpool, otherwise I never would have started although domestic matters in Scotland claimed my presence. Had I been acting in any way against the Government by taking up arms, &c., there might have been grounds for confining me here, but as I did nothing against the Government by taking up arms, &c., there might have been grounds for confining me here, but as I did nothing against the Government but carry a dispatch bag and a few friendly letters which the powers at Washington thought proper to break open and publish, I latter I am subject to no offense. The former is a matter that remains with Mr. Bunch.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

