
been interpreted by her Government as recognizing the insurgents as a belligerent. But it is equally true that the Government of the United States declines to accept any such interpretation the least degree its own rights and powers or the obligations of all friendly nations toward it.

Still adhering to this position the undersigned is instructed to announce as the result of the most calm and impartial deliberation upon the question thus submitted for its decision the necessity which his Government feels itserlf under to revoke the exequatur of Mr. Bunch. Neither has this step been taken without the pressure of a strong conviction that independently of the facts alerady alleged his personal conduct even down to the time this correspondence has been going on as well as before it commenced has been that not of a friend to the Government nor even of a neutral but of a partisan of faction and disunion.

In conclusion it is with much pleasure that the undersigned has it in his power to convey to Earl Russsell the sense enteratined by the President of the action of Her Majesty's representative at Washington. It is felt to be due to him as well as to his Government to say that in all his proceedings he has carefully respected the sovereignty and the rights of the United States, and that the arrangements which have been made by him with the enitre approval of the Government for establishing a communication between his Government and its consuls through the national vessles of Great Britain entering blocakded ports without carrying passengers or private letters bid fair to preclude all necessity for a recurrence of such proceedings as those which have necessitated this painful correspondence.

Having thus performed the duty imposed upon him of announcing that the exequatur of Mr. Bunch has been withdrawn because his services are no longer agreeable to the Government of the United States the undersigned is further instructed to say that the consular privileges thus taken from him will be cheerfully allowed to any successor whom Her Majesty may be pleased to appoint against whom no grave personal objections are known to exist.

The undersigned has the honor to renew to Earl Russell the assurances of the highest consideration with which he is his lordship's most obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

Case of Henry A. Reeves.

This person was arrested by order of the Secretary of State about the 2nd of September, 1861, at Greenport, Long Island, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was the editor of a paper published at Greenport called the Republican Watchman, which by its secession teachings and attacks upon the acts of the officers of the United States Government and the Administration afforded aid and comofrt to the insurrectionists. An order was issued from the Department of State October 3, 1861, directing Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Reeves on his taking the oath of allegiance and stipulating not to do any hostile act against the Government of the United States. The said Henry A. Reeves was accordingly released October 5, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

