
FORT LAFAYETTE, October 1, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Honorable E. H. Smith has visited me to-day in pursuance of your pass. Acting on his advice I have to request that you will with as little delay as possible forwrad to me coopies of the charges and specifications if there be any which are lodged against me in the State or other Department of the Government to the end that I may inow the grounds on which I am held and thus be enabled to determine whether or not I can accept any proposed terms of release.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. REEVES.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 3, 1861

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let H. A. Reeves be released from custody on his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and engaging that he will do no act and hold no correspondence that is disloyal or prejudicial to the Union. I dispatch this by the hand of the Honorable William H. Ludlow to Robert Murray, esq., the U. S. marshal, who has been instructed to cause a police examination in certain cases.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SMITHTOWN, October 4, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: In accordance with the permission granted by the Department I visited H. A. Reeves at Fort Lafayette on Tuesday last. One object I had in view was to gratify his mother who is much distressed, and another to induce him to apply for his release on condition of his pledging himself to give his support to the Government and taking the necessary oath. With the permission of Colonel Burke I placed before him the inclosed letter from Dr. B. D. Carpenter an influential man anda neighbor of Reeves. I deeply sympathize with him as an old and warm firned, but utterly disapprove the course he has pursued during the deplorable condition inwhich our country has been placed by the foul rebellion which is pervading the land.

He (Reeves) is anxious to know what charges were made against him with a view to disprove them or to ma amends if in his power, which if he will do I respectfully ask his release. The immediate friends of Mr. Reeves express themselves willing to pledge the future of his paper to an honest and loyal course, giving an unwavering adhernece to the Union and Consttution, which if faithfully performed will undo what mischief in any way he has caused. I wish it to be distinctly understood that I have no sympathy with treason, but deem it the duty of every citizen to sutatin the Government in its hour of peril and to insist upon the preservation of the Union and the maintenance of the laws. I do not wish to be intrusive or occupy unnecessarily your valuable time. I call your attention to the latter part of the inclosed letter. Will you have the goodness to let me know the conditions upon which Reeves will be released if at all?

Most respectfully, your humble servant,

EDWD. HENRY SMITH.

Member of Congress.

