
[Inclosure.]

CUTCHOGUE, September 26, 1861.

Honorable EDWARD H. SMITH.

DEAR SIR: I understand that you are in possession of a letter from the Secretary of State touching the arrest of Mr. Reeves. Do you not think with us that it would be well for you to have a personal interview with the honorable Secretary? By doing so you will be able to more fully explain Mr. Reeves' position and the most influenetial causes that resultedin his arrets. It is now well ascertained that a personal feeling was the motive to the charges made against him and that not the good of the State but desire to gratify perseonal malice the reason that his arrest was so diligently purused. This feeling was contantly exerted to stimulate a warm and ardent but honest nature until he was led without doubt into impurdent, intemperate expressions, not willfully desinging to injure the State neither to embarrass the Administration. If rightfully understood the Secretary will readily conclude with us who see and feel the wrokings of it, but mr. Reeves in his arret is eate a feeling of repugnance to the Administration than he could possibly have accomplished by any course that he might puruse with his paper. It being known that the local influence was not a political but a personal one tends to increase the feeling. Mr. Reeves himself is a Democrat, but his relatives are nearly all Republicans. They and others are by this arret entirely diverted from their old party affinities.

You have our pledge that in case Mr. Reeves is released and again takes charge of his paper it shall be conducted as a Democratic paper, but not offensively so. Indeed every effort will be made by the patrons of the papers (and their efforts can relied on) to make it an open, fair, but not obnoxious opponent.

Thine, as ever,

B. D. CARPENTER

Another reason why the arrest of Reeves is creating a prejudicial feeling in the community is the fact that he is poor, very poor, and besides has a mother, sister and imbecile brother entirely dependent upon him, and that they are now being supported by voluntary contributions. You will see at once what effect such a combination of circumstances would be likely to produce acting on the sympathies of a community like ours.

FORT HAMILTON, October 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: According to your orders of the 3rd instant I have this day released * * * Henry A. Reeves, and herewith inclose their [his] separate oath of allegiance and parole.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

FORT HAMILTON, October 5, 1861.

I, Henry A. Reeves, do give my word of honor that I will do no act and hold no correspondence that is disloyal or prejudicial to the Union.

HENRY A. REEVES.

