
We never knew of a man sent to prison as a criminal who did not consider his fare and treatment "hard. " Offenders are generally arrested "for nothing," at least they always say so.

[Numbers 2.]

Judge Flanders, as true and loyal a Democrat as the State contains, is a martyer to freedom of the press, held in custody at Fort Warren without even the color of law.

We find the above in the Greenport (L. I.) Watchman, edited by Mr. Reeves recently released under mistaken clemency from Fort Lafayette.

WASHINGTON, October 17, 1863

THURLOW WEED, Esq., Astor House, New York.

MY DEAR WEED: It is not in my judgment expedient for me to engage in correspondence on the subject referred to in the within letter. You can say to the police commissioners that Murray not Kennedy made the arrest, and if need be you can tell Mr. Bergen that Colonel Ludlow did not recommend the arrest but it was made onother demands, he knowing nothing about it.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. SEWARD,

P. S. - Please return the papers.

[Inclosure.]

BROOKLYN, October 15, 1863

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: In a conversation some time since with Thurlow Weed he stated that the evidence in regard to Ludlow's recommendation of the arrest of Reeves would come out upon the case of the police commissioners and thought I had better get a resolution passed by that board asking for the evidence, which he said he had read in the State Department. That resolution passed and I am informed is now before you. It was in your defense that I made the statement that Ludlow was the cause of the arret, he stating that the cause of the arret was a political attack made in a paper edited by Reeves.

Ludlow has denied even recommending the arrest or having anything to do with it, and has tried to prove it by a letter from Mr. Webster. I think it is due to truth and justice, to history and to me that the facts should be placed before the world. Amongst your most malignant maligners has been this same Ludlow, and Weed knows that he has made charges against both you and Weed of the most outrageous character. I aks this as a matter of justice and there can be no good reason why so base a scoundrel as this same Ludlow has proved himself should be shetered by your Department. The arrest at the time was highly censured and the friend who excused you and put the blame where it belonged should not be left in the position of making false charges. Therefore I hope you will consider it a matter of duty to answer in full the resolution sent to you by the police commissioners. You will pardon me for saying that I think your own friends demand that the whole

