
truth should be made known. It was arrests of this kind, counseled by leading, pretending Democrtas, that has given hope and life to the miseragble copperheads of this Stae. The ture history of this arrest is undoubtedly the history of many and if made public will domuch to put down this m and cause the election I think of a Union senator for the First district.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. J. BERGeneral

Case of Cyrus F. Sargent.

Cyrus F. Sargent was arrested by order of the Secretary of State by U. S. Marshal Clarke, of Maine, about September 5, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with having a contract to furnish rebel regiments with supplies, with being engaged in building a vessel to carry war material to the insurrectionary States; with denouncing the Government and avowing sympathy with treason, and with intending to leave the State of Maine for the insurrectionary States and affording aid and comfort to the rebellion. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 6, 1861, directing colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren to release Sargent on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will do no act hostile or injurious to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released November 10, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

YARMOUTH, ME., August 30, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have to inform your Department that Cyrus F. Sargent and Octavius A. Hill, members of New Orleans firms, representatives of the ship-owning and slave-holding intersets and contractors for supplying regiments in the rebel army, are now in this town denouncing the Government and boldly avowing their sympathy for treason.

It is their intention to leave in a few days for New Orleans. If it is thought desirable to arrest them the authorities of Portland will attend to the matter when ordered so to do by the Government. I have given information to General Scott, to whom I am not entirely unknown. To him I would respectfully refer you for additional particulars. The Department can rely on the correctness of these facts.

Very respectfully, yours.

WM. G. HOBEN.

PORTLAND, September 5, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD:

I have arrested Hill and Sargent. Shall send them to New York to-day.

CHAS. CLARKE,

U. S. Marshal.

43 R R R-SERIES II, VOL II

