
to the Government in its present struggle. Both together embrace a large number of the people of Yarmouth, Mr. Sargent's place of residence.

I can see no good reason why their request should not be granted, but as I know nothing of the facts do not assume to judge the matter.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. P. FESSENDEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 3, 1861.

GEORGE F. TALBOT, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Machias, Me.

SIR: I send you herewith the papers upon which Cyrus F. Sargent was arrested together with such as have been submitted to me asking for his release. Will you please examine them, taking such other testimony as may be offered and report to me your opinion as to the merits of the case. Please return the papers to this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obebient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

PORTLAND, October 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: I this day received the papers relating to the application of Cyrus F. Sargent a prisoner of war in confinement in Fort Lafayette, for release. I have addressed letters to the persons furnishing the information upon which the arrest was made with a view of taking their testimony and shall take such other evidence as will be offered, after which and as soon as the case can be investigated I will report to you and return the papers.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE F. TALBOT,

U. S. Attorney for District of Maine.

PORTLAND, October 12, 1861.

The SECRETARY OF STATE.

SIR: The friends (family) of Sargent have requested me to call your attention to the petitions heretofore forwarded to you for a speedy examination of his case as they feel confident that it will result in his release. Their anxiety is occasioned by the situation of his family, he having four young children who having lost their mother need his personal supervision. I write this merely to comply with their request that I would again call your attention to the matter.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

W. P. FESSENDEN.

PORTLAND, November 5, 1861

WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

I send by next mail depositions and report in case of Cyrus F. Sargent. My conclusion is that his further detention is not necessary. Domestic reasons for early release.

GEORGE F. TALBOT.

U. S. District Attorney.

