
1 the privateersmen, 25 in number, are confined, which is a much larger number than is compatible with comfort, but they being a class so different fromthe other prisoners I cannot associate them. I therefore respectfully beg leave to ask you to make application for their removal to some place more suitable for their confinement I would also respectfully beg leave to ask you to make application for the removal of Captain J. A. de Lagnel to Governor's Island or some other place where space is not so limited, as he has not entirely recovered his strength and requires more exercise than he can possibly get here. There are four guns neutralized in the room where I have twenty-eight prisoners. They are in the lower battery and on the south side. I inclose a rought sketch* of the internor of the room which will give you an idea of its arrangement. When the other large room spoken of heretofore is used there will be six more guns neutralized in the west side lower battery.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant.

CHAS. O WOOD,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 16, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal for the Southern District of New York.

SIR: Your letter of the 24th instant has been received. In reply I have to inform you that no disloyal clergyman can be allowed to hold communication with any of the prisoners at Fort Lafayette. If, however, a clergyman of well-known loyality should apply for leave to visit any particular prisoners for spiritual purposes only leave for that purpse will be granted.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NEW YORK, September 16, 1861.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

The steamer from Liverpool brings a large number of passangers residing in Southern States whose passports have not been viseed, or they have none. What must be done with them?

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

# The order was subsequently contermanded.

