
the course of friendly correspondence with Prof. George Woods, of Yarmoth, now of Pittsburg, he stated the facts which I deemed it my duty to communicate. Knowing Sargent to be a slave-trader, that his property is almost all in Southwestern Arkansas, and that his denunciations of the Government were as malignant as his expressed wishes for the success of the Southern rebellion appeared to be devout and hearty, it seemed to me not amiss to have him in keeping. I should add, however, that I know the latter fact, to wit, that of his hostility to the United States from hearsay, the truth of which I have no hesitation in accepting.

In a recent visit of a week in Portland and vicinity I did not meet a man, woman or child who spoke of the arrest of Sargent who did not consider it the best think the Government had done in that vicinity. The people recognize in Sargent an enemy to his country, and they base their judgment upon the tone and tenor of his general conversation in the town where he lived and in the places where he resorted. Doubtless Mr. Woods can give you the data for his statements.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

DANIEL L. EATON.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

PITTSBURG, PA., October 19, 1861

GEORGE F. TALBOT, U. S. Attorney.

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 9th cause me much surprise as my letter to Mr. D. L. Eaton was on other business, and the information in it in relation to the strong secession feeling in Yarmouth was communicated to him as one interested in Yarmouth without any intention on my part or even suspicion of informing the Government. Besides I have already suffered greatly from this secession party in yarmouth and had and still have no desire further to provoke them, well knowing their tyrannical disposition.

My informant as to the Messrs. Sargent and Hill - four partners - was Captain Calvin Humphrey, late of ship State of Maine, seized in New Orleans, now of ship Reaper, on here way from England to Akyab. Captain Humphrey is a most relaible man, very friendly to above named firm with which he was well acquainted in New Orleans. He reutnred last summer from that city favorable to the Southern side. He came from new Orleans through Mississippin in company with one of the firm, Mr. Andrew J. Hill, who was on his way to see the two regiments with which they had a contract to supply with all they wanted. This fact was known generally in Yarmouth without being communicated by me, and probably the postmaster in Yarmouth can recollect their admissionof it in store of A. L. Loring, where both Sargent and Hill and cant ell the name of a man in Yarmouth who says he was offered inducements to fit out a vessel to run the blockade.

The second matter was rumor, not of building a vessel but of being engaged in fitting out in Portland the ship Sam Locke, owned by said Sargent, Sam Locke of New Orleans and others. This was spoken of freely in Portland and Yarmoth and was stated by me as rumor. The information and very much more than I can given can be obtained in Yarmouth, and my affidavit will be of no use it seems to me. If so it can be given here.

Respectfully, yours.

GEORGE WOODS.

