
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 6, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: Let Cyrus F. Sargent, a prisoner confined in Fort Warren, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State. And also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States governent during the present insurrection. You will please make the stiuplations a part of the oath. I transmit this order to Joh, U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Acting Secretary.

BOSTON, November 8, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD;

Domestic reasons require Cyrus F. Sargent's immediate release. Please order his release by telegraph to Marshal Keyes to relieve a distressed family. Report of Talbot before you.

S. C. BLANCHARD.

FORT WARREN, November 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the oath of allegiance of Cyrus F. Sargent released agreeably to your order of the 6th ultimo.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel, First Artillery, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

I, Cyrus F. Sargent, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution, and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith and allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion wahtsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be requiredof me by law, hereby stiupulating that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authoirty of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States nor transmit any correspondence between disloyal persons without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that I will not do anyting hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So help me God.

CYRUS F. SARGENT.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 10th day of November, A. D. 1861.

J. DIMICK.

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Fort Warren.

