
61 WALL STREET, NEW YORK, September 11, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: Allow me to say that your answer to Mr. Daniel Lord in the matter of A. S. Sullivan gives the most enitre satisfaction. I have known Mr. Lord all my life. He is arrogant, conceited and most of all distinguished for his overestimate of his own importance. He is withal intensely selfish, and little better than the traitors whom he encourages in their war upon the country. I have good reason for saying that Mr. Lord has done and will do all in his power to embarrass the Government, and I hope that he will yet find himself where he ought to be-in Fort Lafayette.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

E. SEELEY.

P. S. - Allow me to add that though a stranger to you I have been well known a long time to Mr. Welles, Secretary of the Navy.

E. S.

29 WALL STREET, NEW YORK CITY, September 12, 1861.

Honorable McKEE DUNN, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I am requested by Mrs. Mary Sullivan, wife of A. S. Sullivan a prisoner of Fort Lafayette (you know him-son of Judge Sullivan of Indiana) to write to you and have you procure for here a pass from General Scott to allow her to visit her husband in the fort. Willyou be kind enough to do this and write to me on receipt of this? Mr. Hudson joins me in this behalf. The woman is in trouble and is deserving of sympathy. I shall esteem it as a favor to myself if you will trouble yourself for her in this matter.

Respectfully,

D. C. STONE.

NEW YORK, September 14, 1861.

PRIVATE.] NEW YORK, September 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington:

Never was a more righteous and just arrest made in this city than that of Algernon S. Sullivan. He has been the most malignant of all the secession rebels with the exception of the two brothers Joel and Udolpho Wolfe. Algernon Sullivan had meetings of rebels at his house, Numbers 84 West Fourteenth street, and when not there they were held at Udolpho Wolfe's, Numbers 99 West Fourteenth street. Udolpho Wolfe keeps his store at 22,24,26 Beaver street. If arrrested you will find a tin box in his safe any time between 10 and 3. The box is not locked up and is in charge of Mr. Castle the bookkeeper in the front office. In that box are over $500,000 in bonds, securities and demands, with at least $80,000 in Confederate bonds belonging to Udolpho Wolfe. Udolpho Wolfe is the Confederate frined in this city of Henry A. Wise. He furnished B. Donnelly (Wise's old correspondent) with capital to start and carry on the Union House at Washington. It is a nest for secessionists. Udolpho Wolfe bottles over 3,000,000 bottles of gin every year. It is nearly all sold South. He has a brother in Kentucky. All these Wolfes came from Virginia, and Wolfe in 1860 published a book about Virginia and President Monroe, whose remains were removed from this city.

Joel Wolfe is also a secessionist and is constantly with John J. Disco, who is ignorant of his real character. From Cisco, who is innocent, Wolfe

