
gets all the statements of the financial affairs of the United States and they are regularly transmitted by means of Algernon S. Sullivan to Jeff. Davis. Udolpho Wolfe has recently returned from Europe. He corresponded previous to his departure with Jeff. Davis and took out Burke, of New Orleans, who is his brother-in-law, and made large purchases for the Southern Confederacy. He has made arrangements secretly to ship directly to any Southern port. This is the way he advertises, but it is all a dodge:

To shipping merchants. Wolfe's Schiedam Schnapps.

30,000 cases of Wolfe's celebrated Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps for sale in bond or duty paid, put up with German, Duthc, Spanish, French and English labels.

Shipping merchants can purchase for the South American, East Indian and European markets delivered on board ship at Liverpool, London, Rotterdam or Hamburg at less than the New York price.

The schnapss is well known and sells freelyin all the markets of the world.

For price, &amp;c. apply to Udolpho Wolfe, New York; Hoffman, Dorrepaal & Co., Rotterdam; Biancone, Klee & Co. Hamburg.

Arrest him and you will find in a desk in the back room of the second floor letters from all these parties in the south. Open any of the cases of his gin that go into the West, to Louisville, and they will be found to contain orders for the rebels. He has connections in every southern STate. He has loaned Jeff. Davis $100,000 through the London bankers of Hoffman, Dorrepaal & Co.

When you arrested Sullivan you go one of the nest. Arrest Joel and Udolpho and you will strike a dozen more leaders of these really dangerous men. The securities and valuables of Joel Wolfe are generally kept in the tin box about one foot square in the front office second floor of Udolpho Wolfe. If it is so when you arrest the book-keeper Castle there will be $1,000,000 of stocks and bonds belonging to both brothers who were formerly partners. Joel can be arrested at the subtreasury of Mr. Cisco, with whom he spends several hours nearly every day.

I regard my country more than I do my private concerns, but as my own destruction would be the result of a communication to you under my own name I will only add that all is truth in this letter except my own name, which is fictitious.

CHARLES CATLIN.

29 WALL STREET, NEW YORK, October 2, 1861.

Honorable McKEE DUNN.

DEAR SIR: Permit me again to trouble you in behalf of Mrs. Sullivan. The order of Secretary Seward to Colonel Burke to admit here to visit her husband in Fort Lafayette-Colonel Burke construed the order to allow her several visits. With that construction she went once to see her husband and made an arrangement to take the baby to see its father. All being arranged she only stayed a short time in the fort as Colonel Burke had promised her to go again. So before she got her interview as agreed on Mr. Seward ordered Colonel B. not to admit butone visit on the same pass; so she thus is deprived of really all the benefit of the pass. Had she known of such an order at first she would not have made a temporary visit.

Will you be so kind as to trouble yourself again and have for her another interview allowed as she has been so much disappointed in the first order, and much oblige, your friend.

D. C. STONE.

