
MADISON, [IND.] October 12, 1861.

W. M. DUNN., Esq.

DEAR SIR: I am still much concerned about my son Algernon, now at Fort Lafayette. Have you any information that you can give me relative to the intentions of the Government concerning him? Your last letter advised me to be quiet for a while and I have followed the advice. Can you say anything different now? If you could say to the President or to Mr. Seward that Algernon's friends will guarantee his loyalty, that you know the family to be loyal &amp;c., would it now have any effect? Don't you think C. B. Smith would willingly interfere for Algernon? I can get letters from B. W. Thompson Randall Crawford, Henry S. Lane and others. Would it be best to send them on now or wait a while? Please write me.

Yours, &c.,

JERE. SULLIVAN.

[Indorsement.]

Let him be released on taking the oath and engaging on oath that he will not do any act hostile or injurious to the United States and that he will not hold any correspondence himself nor be engaged in any way in transmitting correspondence with disloyal citizens.

W. H. S[EWARD].

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

COLONEL: S. Sullivan a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette be released on taking the oath of allegiance and engaging on oath that he will not do any act hostile or injurious to the United States nor enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United Staets nor hold any correspondence himself with disloyal citizens residing in those States nor be engaged in any treasonable correspondence with any person whomsoever during the present hostilities without permission from the Secretary of State.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NEW YORK, October 21, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD;

MY DEAR SIR: I visited Fort Lafayette yesterday afternoon and have some intelligence to communicate to you in relation to some of the prisoners, Algernon S. Sullivan among the number. Will you please delay action upon any communication from Sullvan until I can see you? I shall be in Washington within a few days and will immediately call upon you.

Yours, truly,

WM. H. LUDLOW.

I, Algernon S. Sullivan do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary not-

