
Edward B. Wilder was arrested by order of A. Q. Keasbey, U. S. district attorney, at Newark, N. J., September 7, 1861, and by order of the Secretary of State committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty and treason, having offered to instruct the rebels how to construct a formidable implement of war to be used against his Government thus affording aid to the enemy. An order was issued from the Department of Stae dated October 11, 1861, directing Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release wilder on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, nor do any act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released October 14, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

NEWARK, September 7, 1861

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

Edward B. Wilder arrested. Is manufacturing a rifle battery. Intercepted letter shows he inteds sending South if possible, and that family alone prevetns him from going himself to fight Northern abolitionists. What shall I do?

A. Q. KEASBEY,

U. S. Attorney for New Jersey.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 7, 1861.

A. Q. KEASBEY, U. S. Attorney, Newark, N. J.:

Your telegram received. Send E. B. Wilder to Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NEWARK, September 7, 1861

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR; Your dispatch in answer to mine of to-day concerning Edward B. Wilder was received and Wilder has accordingly been sent to Fort Lafayette. I inclose a copy of the interecepted letter sent here by the Post-Office Department. The machine referred to is now at Washington at the shop of Dennis, coachmaker, corner of Louisiana avenue and Sixth or Seventh street. He tried to sell it to the United States Government. He has a small machine here at a manufactory. It is a rifle battery. He protests that he is aloyal man. He is from North Carolina.

Your obedient servant,

A. Q. KEASBEY

U. S. Attorney for New Jersey.

[Inclosure.]

NEWARK, N. J. August 14, 1861.

DEAR NATHAN: * * * As matters are progressing with the country it is difficult to determine what six months or a year will pro-

