
FORT LAFAYETTE, September 13, 1861.

EDWARD M. ARCHIBALD, Esq.,

Her Britannic Majesty's Consul, New York.

DEAR SIR: It is my misfortune to be a prisoner* here under circumstances most trying, which makes me feel keenly for others in a worse condition which induced me now to address you. There are in this condition which induces me now to address you. There are in this garrison (in irons) some wrecked British sailors. One of them, and old man from Manchester, England, was picked up at sea on the coast of Florida after being seven days on a raft. He is one of the crew of the British bark Sir Walter Raleigh, Rae, master, wrecked there, and I believe reported upon. The other three are part of the crew of the British bark Prima Donna. It appears those seamen came together at one W. A. Johnston's, at Miami, Fla., and remained there until the 30th ultimo when a small vessel reached that place, and said Johnston shipped them off in her a means of geeting clear of them as they had no funds. In turns out he small fishing vessel they took passage in from Miami proved to be bound to Charleston, S. C. Before the small craft reached there she was taken by the U. s. fleet on the coast and all on board have found their way here and are confined as pirates. I think if an investigation into their case was made you would find them not subject to the treatment they are now undergoing. I therefore on their behalf bring the matter before you to take such action in the premises as you may see proper. I do this merely as an act of humanity. I did myslef the honor of addressing you on the 16th ultimo, which I presume did not reach you. I would gladly have said a word to you then you visited this post, but it was not my privilege.

I remain, dear sir, yours, very respectfully,

ROBT. MURE,

Of Charleston, S. C.

P. S. -I used the word shipped. They were not shipped but only got a free passage. The crew of the craft are also here.

---------------

* For case of Mure, see post.

---------------

