
nor hold any correspondence whatever withpersons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United Sttaes duringthe present insurrection. Make the sitpuatlions a part of the oath. I transmit this order to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of pirosners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

I, E. B. Wilder, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resoltuion or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwihstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be reuired of my by law; and also that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection.

E. B. WILDER.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 14th day of October, 1861.

J. C. LAY,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth Infantry.

Case of George L. Bowne.

George L. Bowne, a member of the Florida legislature, was arrested by order of the Secretary of State dated September7, 1861, by U. S. Marshal Chase, northern district of New York, at Cooperstown, N. Y., and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with signing the secession ordinance in the legislature orconvention of Florida and with being a spy traveling through the North to gain informatio for Jeff. Davis. An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 20, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lfayette, to release Bowne on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accordingly released September 24, 1861. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

RICHFIELD SPRINGS, OTSEGO COUNTY, N. Y.,

August 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: G. L. Bowne, of Key West, is at Cooperstown. Hesigned the secession ordinance in the legislature (or convention) of Florida and has the deepest stake in the Southern Confederacy. Miss Cornell, of

