
Cooperstown, has in her possession I know a letter from Bowne stating that he signed as above. She has a more recent letter from him asking her to destroy the first and begging hersilence. This I know. He is rich and is a spy. He travels that he may gain facts for Jefferson Davis. He will be for a fortnight or more at Coopetown where he can be arrested as a spy and should be.

Your friend and my country's,

E. BROOKS,

Of New York.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 7, 1861.

EDWARD J. CHASE, U. S. Marshal, Lockport, N. Y.:

Arrest G. L. Bowne, of Key West, who is said to be at Cooperstown. Secure his papers and send him forthwith to Fort Lafayette, N. Y., in charge of trustworthy person.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Lockport, September 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: On Saturday evening, the 7th instant, your telegram was received directing the arrest of G. L. Bowne and his conveyance to Fort Lafayette. Two of my deputies were charged with the execution of the order and on the next evening arrested Mr. Browne at Cooperstown, and on the 10th instant delivered him to the custody of Colonel Burke at Fort Lafayette and took the colonel's receipt for him. The deputies found in Mr. Bowne's possession numerous papers of a miscellaneous character and some letters from friends and on business; some from Key West. Only a few have been opened and none read except the address and signature. Some of the packages of papers were at the time of seizure in sealed envelopes which have not been opened. The papers are all in my office under the seal of my deputy, Mr. Tucker, who made the seizure. Shall I examine them or forward them to you?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. CHASE,

U. S. Marshal.

WASHINGTON, September 13, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: As counsel of Mr. Bowne, of Key West, Fla., now a prisoner in Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, I am anxious to have an interview of a few moments in reference to his case. Mr. Bowne is a native of Western New York, and for the beneift of his health in the fall of 1839 went to Key West and has eve since spent his winters there, returning as the summer approached to his old home in Cooperstown and there remaining until cold weather. This year he left Key West as early as March. A few days since he was arrested and conveyed to Fort Lafayette. He has no idea of the cause of his arrest further than being by order of the Secretary of State. He presumes that ithe treasonable position assumed by the State of Florida.

Mr. Bowne has always been and now is a Union man and opposed to anything like secession. As a member of the legislature of Florida he opposed to the last the calling of a convention, and when it was

