
determined to call one he refused longer to remain a member of the legislature and sat with them no more. His course all through and his influence has been for the Union both in Florida and Western New York. On this I am advised that abundant proof can be furnished from Cooperstown and Key West. My object in asking an interview is to ascertain the nature of the charges against my client and to (if possible) arrange some plan to produce the proof of his innocence of any thought, word or deed against the integrity of the Union. the importance in this case of some speedy action and release if innocent is that Mr. Browne has for more than twenty years been a very sick man, and his confinement in Fort Lafayette for any very considerable length of time might be fatal to him.

Hoping that the Secretary will accord me an interview, I remain, your obedient servant,

P. S. L. CUMMINS,

Of Cummins, Alexander &amp; Green, Attorneys, New York.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 14, 1861.

EDWARD J. CHASE, U. S. Marshal, Lockport, N. Y.:

Your letter of the 11th received. Send at once by post the papers to which it refers in the case of G. L. Bowne.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

COOPERSTOWN, N. Y., September 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: Permit me to lay before you the following statements in regard to Mr. George L. Bowne recently arrested in this village upon the charge as is generally understood of treason.

Mr. Browne, now about forty-four years of age, is regrded here as one of our citizens; was born in the town of Butternut, now Morris, in this county and lived with his mother in this village during a portion of his boyhood and early manhood and ever since made his annual summer visits here as to his home. A feeble constitution and inherited pulmonary indisposition induced hima bout twenty years since to go to Key West as a clerk in the employment of Mr. Doubleday, a merchant of consumptive tendencies who had gone thither from this town and had found that climate highly favorable to his health. Young Bowne finding that climate agreed with him has since made Key West his business residence (he is without family) and by assiduous attention to business has accumulated it seem a considerabledegree of walth. His summers have usually been spent among us, but an increase of his asthamtic difficulties has invariably driven him South on the approach of cold weather.

Among us Mr. Browne is universally esteemed as a man of unimpeachable character. His amiable, gnetlemantly and correct deportment has secured him the respect of the whole community and very strongly endeared him to his intimate friends. In his absence and without being previously consulted he was a year ago elected to represent Key West in the Florida legislature. He is not a politician; did not seek the place, and if as is believed there has been a long entertained conspiracy in the South against our Government I am quite sure Mr. Bowne is not

45 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

