
one of the conspirations. Whatever disloyal act or circumstances (if any) may appear against him I believe should e attributed to his yielding to the influence of politicians around him instead of followoing the dictates of his better feelings and judgment.

In conversation here the last two summers he has uniformly deplored thenational troubles and manifested a decided preference for the Constitution and Union over any division or separation of the States if it could bemantianed without too great a sacrifice of present and future interests. Doubting that it could be he has asked, "Why not let the South go?" His deportment, tone and converstaion through the summer has been much less abnoxious in public than that of many I am sorry to say of my Democratic neighbors, and some of them men of mark. I am informed that several vessels inw hich he is more or less interested as an owner are chartered by our Government and now employed in her service.

I do not know upon what grounds his arrest is based and will not therefore presume to judge of its justice or expediencyu, but I do not hesitate to sya that unless the nature of the evidence against him or some urgent public policy (of which I cannot judge) requires that he be tried orkept in custody I believe the interest of the Government would be subserved by setting him at liberty. If he is to be tried cannot the trial be had soon, that if not convicted he may be set at liberty before cold weather? If he cannot be tried soon nor disrcharged from arrest unconditionally then I would suggest that he be allowed to go at large on his parole as I have not a doubt that his parole may safely be relied upon both to return into custody at any specified time and to observe faithfully any line of conduct to which he may pledge himself. Should it be deemed necessary, however (which I sincerely hope it may not be), to keep him in custody for any considerable time then may it not be well ialth that he be soon removed to some placeof safe-keeping in a milder climate (if he shall prefer the request). His immediate friends here seem more anxious about his health on the approach of the cold weather than about the final result.

Our friends here-the Government's friends-have urged upon me to make this communication believing that Mr. Bowne's disloyalty whatever it may ave been has not been the disloyatly of a dtermined traitor. We beg for him and his case as favorable a disposition as the Government in justice, humanity and its policy can make.

Most respectfully, very truly, yours,

W. H. AVERELL.

COOPERSTOWN, September 16, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: Feeling that you will appreciate my motives in addressing you I deem it needless to make excuses for intruding on your no doubt already over-occupied attention and will briefly state my object, which is to petition for your favorable consideration in the case of George L. Bowne, esq., who was arrested in this village on the 8th instant on a charge of treason. No doubt his more influential friends here and in New York City have or will appeal to you in his behalf and my action may be superfluous, but I cannot refrain from doing what I consider my duty in testifying to you that the course pursued by Mr. Bowne during the past summer has been that a of a good and loyal citizen.

