
Bowne and his partner (Bowne &amp; Curry) are largeship owners, much larger than any other house in Florida, and they have now some three or four vessels in the service of the Government. A year ago Mr. Bowne was elected a member of the Florida legislature for two years. He is now a member and was last winterat the time the secession ordinance was unanimously approved; and it is this fact very probably which has subjected him to the imputation of treason, at least none other is even suspected here.

Now as to his arrest. The two marshals, the sherfiff and we believe a deputy went to his house and made the arrest between 6 and 7 p. m. Mr. Bowne although astonished at the charge submitted uncomplainingly and cheefully. He delivered over his letters and papers unhesitatingly, ate his supper composedly and made his arrangements to leave promptly. Suffering under a recent attack of asthma over till Monday morning. They expressed a willingness so to do but said if they did a faithful discharge of dutywould require his safe custody in jail. Mr. bowne of course preferred proceeding to Fort Plain at once.

After all things were ready and waiting the arrival of Mr. Bowne's carriage to take himself, brother and the two marshals somefifty or sixty persons assembled and most of them came into the house. On coming in one man harshly addressed the marshal, telling him that he couldnot and should not take Mr. Bowne from the house or village. The marshal very mildly but firmly replied that he had an official duty to perform and he should perform it; that Mr. Bowne was a gentleman and would be treated as such and he advised that there should be no distrubance or resistance. The rejoinder to this was in substance, "I am as big or a bigger man than you and can whip you. " To this themarshal said: "Sheriff, arrest that man," and the arrest was promptly made. After this another man told the marshal with an oath that he should not or could not take Mr. Bowne from the marshal replied that he had better be careful or he would be sent for, and that he must be very careful about interfering. Mr. Bowne was not in the requested the crowd to leave the house if they were his friends.

Then the marshal was told that he could not take Mr. Bowne until he showed his papers. The marshal refused most decidedly tos how his papers to the crowd but that Mr. Bowne could see them or had seen them, and then again Mr. Bowne requested them to leave the house, saying he had seen the warrant and it was all right. The crowd still remained in the house and there were other harsh words and offensive language. About 8. 30 the carriage came to the door and Mr. Bowne, his brother and the marshals seated themselves and drove off, the crowd groaning and using insulting language. The jmarshals informed Mr. Bowne and his friends that they should take him to Rochester instead of New York and the Argus states that this was ssaid to prevent a mob, &c., whereas Mr. Bowne greatly preferred to be taken to New York.

Now this demonstration to resist the execution of processissued by the highest authority in the Government, although disgraceful and criminal to individuals and dispreputable to our village, was far less imposing than the one the Arugs describes. Besides it was a demonstration calculated to inure and implicate Mr. Bowne and might have resulted in serious and fatal damage to others as well as himself had it not been for the interposition of the calm but firm determination of the officers and above all the manly and noble conduct and bearing of Mr.

