
Bowne himself. He was not simply self-possessed but in all respects he deported himself as a gentleman unconscious of treasonable acts of complicaties, and we hope and trust that his noble bearing on the trying occasion was the true index.

He was taken to Fort Lfayette in New York Harbor and we shall soon know the specific treasonable acts wherewith he is charged and cannot doubt his speedy relese and return.

FORT LAFAYETTE, New York Harbor, September 19, 1861.

George L. Bowne being duly sworn* says: First, that he was not a member of the covention of the State of Florida which passed the ordinance of secession; second, that he was a member of the legislature of the State of Florida in the year 1860-'61, and as such member opposed and voted against the actauthorizing a convention of the said State; third, that previous to his leaving New York for Florida last fall he expressed himself opposed to the secession of Florida and was unformly opposed to it; fourth that he is a Union man and has during the past summer so declared himself; fifth, that he is a native of this State and has resided for a number of years past during the summer months at Cooperstown, in the State of New York; sixth, that he used all his influence to prevent the secession of the State of Florida.

G. L. BOWNE.

[Indorsement.]

Let Mr. Bowne be released on taking the oath and engaging not to enter insurrectionary State during the war without consent of the Secretary of State.

W. H. S[EWARD].

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 20,1 861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: You are authorized to release George L. Bowne, a prisoner at Fort Lafayette, upon his taking the oath of allegiance to the United States.

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

STATE OF NEW YORK, County of Kings, ss:

I, George L. Bowne, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever. So help me God.

G. L. BOWNE.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 24th day of September, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

---------------

*No jurat found attached to this paper.

---------------

