
Case of John C. Brain.

John C. Brain was arrested at Michigan City, Ind., early in September, 1861, charged with being a spy in the service of the rebels, a member of the dilsoyal secret ofrganization known as the Knights of the Golden Circle and an officer in the rebel army. He was examined before a magistrate by whom he was committed to jail for watn of bail in the sum of $6,000 and was afterward sent to Fort Lafayette for safe-keeping and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. A paper was found in his possession showing that he was recognized as a sergeant in a company of State guards which it was stated would be subject to Governor Magoffin's orders 'to go anywhere," and was authrized to enlist men for the same "to be called for when needed. " This paper was dated Louisville, April 16, 1861. The evidence produced on his examination showed that he had been about Michigan City since the latter part of June, 1861, occasionally absenting himself for a week or more at a time in a mysterious way, no one knowing whither he went; that he disclosed to some persons that he was a Knight of the Golden Circle and made efforts to induce them to join; that he stated that the obligation of the society bound its members "to furnish all information possible; " that he also tried to induce parties to engage in conveying contraband goods, sabers, pistols, &amp;c., to the rebel States; that he talked against the Government, alleging that it was already destroyed and that a Government like that of France was preferable; that one object he set forth as embraced in the organization of the Knights of the Golden Circle when trying toi persuade persons to join the same was to aid in the 'substitution of a new and different form of government; " that he was seen to have in his possession "a printed hand bill for recruits in the Confederate Army. " After his confinement Brain claimed to be a British subject which claim was so far recognized Brain claimed to be a British subject which claim was so far recognized that he was released on the 10th day of February, 1862, on his taking an oath not to go to nor hold correspondence with the insurrectionary States nor do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection without requiring an oath of allegiance. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyatly. "

LOUISVILLE, April 16, 1861.

We the undersigned agree to form two or more companies for the purpose of enlisting in the State Guard and we hereby pledge ourselves to do so when a sufficient number have been enlisted. These companies will be subject to Governor Magoffin's orders to go anywhere.

PRESTON ROGERS,

FRANK TRYON,

Captains.

J. V. COWLING, JR.,

W. BELL, JR.,

First Lieutenants.

W. D. CHIPLEY,

J. T. G. GALT,

Second Lieutenants.

JAMES GHISELIN,

Third Lieutenant.

JOHN C. BRAIN,

Sergeant.

