
has entire confidence in your judgment and discretion and desires that you pursue such a course as you deem advisable for the public good.

I am very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 19, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort McHenry, Baltimore.

GENERAL: As Dennis Kimball, now in Fort Columbus, is presumed to be a British subject and a man of no special infludence it will be well to his release.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, September 19, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

HONORED SIR: I was in Alexandria last Saturday, and while there I learned that there was a secret organization of secessionists in that town-for what purpose we have only to imagine. I could not ascertain anything more about it but that it had its meetings under name of Red Rose Club. The above information I obtained from a fried who stands as I do; his property as well as mine (according to act of Virginia) stands confiscated, and could it be possible for our enemy to sicceed we are ruined.

I also found out something about the manner that information is constantly going out from us to the Confederates and some of the persons concerned in it, besiedes several other things I though important, and upon my return home to Washington I went in search of a person I knew to be a detective, related the above and told him I desired to manage this thing myself I could bring it all to light better than a stranger could possibly, as I had lived among those people for many years; but as I was deprived of my property now I was not able to bear the expenses and pay a quarter dollar each way in the boats (small as it may appear). I have a large family of eight children. This gentleman carried me to a Mr. Allen, who said he could not authorize me to go into it as he had no money, but reffered me and advised me to go to Mr. Scott, Assistant Secretary. I accordingly did been at your office two days in succession, and not being able to see you I concluded to lay it before you in this way and if you consider it worth your attention I will obey a message from you at any moment.

I reside on Fourth street east between F and G south.

There is yet another matter which ought in my opinion to come to the knowledge of your honor, that is concerning the vessel detainel at Georgetown some week or so ago, destined for Alexandria. I felt every desire to come forward at the time I saw the publication of the seizure, but really on two occsions before when I gave information I thought it was so unwelcomely received that I became discouraged for a time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. D. COLLINGSWORTH.

P. S. -Should any reference be required for myself see letter from Mr. Wallach, now at provost marshall's office (which I had to obtain

