
I took the coat from the impudent scoundrel's back and gave it to Mr. Lower. Had he been robbed or deprived of money or other valuables he would have made it known to me or to some of the officers at the time.

WILLIAM COPP,

Captain Company B, Ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Cases of Charles H. and William H. Winder.

Charles H. Winder, a citizen of Washington of notoriously disloyal character, was arrested on the 9th day of September, 1861, by order of the provost-marshal of Washington and held in custody by him. He was examined at the provost-marshal's office and the evidence elicited is probably preserved in that office. A quantity of disloyal correspondence from his to his brother William H. Winder, of Philadelphia, was traced and seized and came to the Department of State, among which are the following passages, all in letters wirtten by Charles H. Winder and addressed to William H. Winder:

January 2, 1861:

This idea of forcing States is one of the supremest follies; it cn't result successfully.

Feburary 19, 1861:

I suppose you have read Davis' admirable inaugural and seen it reported that Mr. Johnson is appointed Secretary of State? If that is so he can do something for me.

February 25, 1861:

Toombs I know likes you; I met him Tuesday night at a supper at McGuires'. In conversation my Southern views were developed which made him quite cotton to me.

April 4, 1861:

Naval preparation of a special character are under way. Stringham, the most bitter Republican and the most resolute of Northern officers, has been ordered to the command of the Minnesota to be got to sea with the utmost dispatch. * * * I am tired of this suspense. I would prefer that cannons hould begin to speak.

April 7, 1861:

I wish my family were away from here. The first shot that is fired at Pickens or Sumter will be a signal for a contest here. The most exasperated feeling exists in Maryland and Virginia and the restriant once broken an overwhelming rush will be made from both states on this place. I feel well satisfied inmy own mind that Mr. Davis will be in the White House before the 1st of August.

April 15, 1861:

I know I possess the confidence of the Montgomery Government and I am not disposed to do anything that can by the remotest possibility compromit my position there. If the Confederate States invade Maryland they shall have all my earnest, zealous efforts in their behalf. I will doubtless be called to Montgomery in June or July. The reunion of the States is an impossible event; only by the adoption of the Constitution of the Southern Confederacy by separate State action can it be done.

April 17, 1861:

Our city is a miliary garrison. I do not entertain your fears of Northern power. I know we are better organized; that in the coming contest we are more than a match for them. We never will have a union with them. When I say "we" I mean the Confederate States.

April 19, 1861:

You have all to wake up to a startling reality before July. Mark what I now tell you.

46 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

