
May 3, 1861:

The Administration have determined to invade Virginia. Quem Deus vult perdere prius dementat.

On the 10th day of October, 1861, Winder was released from confinement on his parole till the 31st of the same month, and on the said 31st of October his parole was extended to December 1, 1861; it was then extended to February 1, 1862, and then to March 1, 1862. In the meantime Winder had continued opne-mouthed in his secession declarations insomuch that in directing the extension of his parole from December 1 to February 1 the Secretary of State had deemed it his duty to admonish him to greater caution and to a more strict construction of the provisions of his parole. Information had been given to the Department that some time in November, 1861, in a public place in Washington Winder had said that his sympathies were with the South in the pending struggle; that he probably never should change his sentiments; that he had told General Porter if to sympathize with the South and to desire her success in the present struggle was his offense he was guilty. The extension of Winder's parole from February 1 to March 1, 1862, reached beyond the time when this class of cases passed from the sueprvision of the Department of State and said aprole was in force on the 15th day of February, 1862, when the case with others of like character was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

William H. Winder was arrested at Philadelphia on the 10th day of Septmeber, 1861, in pursuance of a telegraphic message of which the following is a copy:

W. H. Winder, of Philadelphia, has treasonable correspondence from his brohter, Charles H. Winder, in Washington. It is important that this should be seized. You will therefore search the house and office of said William H. Winder for treasonable letters either of Charles H. Winder or John [H.] Winder, brigadier-general in the rebel army. Mark each and forward them to me by express under seal. Use every diligence to prevent letters being destroyed at one point while you are searching at the other. Answer.

A. PORTER,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal.

Mr. Franklin, a detective officer tow hom said message was addressed, procured a warrant from the mayor of the city and arrested Winder and searched his lodgings and office. Winder was discharged by the mayor, immediately re-arrested on a warrant issued by U. S. Commissioner Heazlitt and subsequently sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the War Department and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. The papers found in Winder's office showed him to be an industrious partisan writer, fully justifying the insurrectionary States in all their views and acts up to the outbreak of actual war and thoroughly sumpahtizing with them up to the dya of his arrest. March 18, 1861, he wrote in the Pennsylvania (newspaper) as follows:

The equality of the States to be at an end the South to subside in vassalage to a domineerign majority pledged to a curse that would result in its inevitable ruin.

March 21, in the same paper:

Let the people of Pennsylvania reflect on what must be her condition with a dissevered Union. The only resource will be to jin the Southern Confederacy and look there for that prosperity impossible to her in the Northern Confederacy.

March 22:

The Constitution of the new Confederacy exhibits in letters of light the very just, reasonable terms upon which they will be made a Union people.

