
April 12 he wrote to the rebel Secretary of State, Reober Toombs, at Montgomery:

If it would be at all desired by you I would take occasion from time to time to give such information as would acquiant you with the real sentiment of the people.

April 19 he write to John Letcher, the rebl gonvernor of Virginia:

My sentiments are so well knonw that most of the leading men of the South would trust me with a carte blanche to arrange terms.

May 6, in the New York Journal of Commerce, he writes:

The North or the ruling party has declared a programme of principles inconsistent with the rights and safety of the South; and therefore she seeks that safety out of the Union she understands to be refused her in it.

It appears that his rebellious sympathies grew ever stronger, for on the 23th of may the editor of the Journal of Commerce wrote to him:

Your communications are of too sweeping a character to suit our class of readers. It is from no want of respect for you or your writings, but we have to consult how far we can go in publishing without having our office torn down or a halter around our necks.

All his writings and correspondence which are voluminous up to the day of his arrest so uniformly in the same vein that it seems like interminable repetition to read page after page reiterating the same ideas in different forms. The letters of Charles H. Winder found in possession of his brother speak without reserve of his (Charles') adhesion to the rebel cause and his intention to reside in the Confederate States. He informs his brother of his purpose to go to Montgomery to enter inot the employment or service of the rebel government. The correspondence does not show that William H. Winder at any tiem rebuked or express disapprobation of these ideas of his brohter. The case of William H. Winder presents the singular features of a man associating and corresponding almost exclusively with rebels and sympathizers with rebellioe of the leaders of the insurrection and newspapers known as the most ultra advocates of their cause, and writing daily for successive months letters and articles which would be pronounced without hesitation by every reader to be strongly in sympathy with the rebellion, yet professing an unequal; ed love for the Constitution and the union and a loylaty surpassing that of all other men; and when tendered his liberty on different occasions on condition of taking the oath of allegiance refusing to coply with that condition becuase he claimed that his loyalty was of so high and pure a quality that it would be soiled and dimmed by the very act of expressing it by an oath. The said William H. winder remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding dya he was transferred to the charge of that Department. -From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Extracts from correspondence of Charles H. Winder, of Washington, with his brother William H. Winder, of Philadelphia.

[Numbers 1.]

SEPTEMBER 24, 1860.

DEAR BROTHER: * * * It is a very curious coincidence that Johnson and Douglas made a speech on the same day, the one in Pennsylvania and the other in New York. The former declares that 'secession

