
is the rightful remedy, the last hope of the South," and the latter (Douglas) declared that 'secession must be crushed out by force. " I am very sorry Johnson has got into such company. I think dissolution is at hand. At any rate if it does not occur now it is only a question of time. Two peoples so utterly, radically and hopelessly different in views, sentiment and social organization can never harmonize. * * *

Your affectionate brother.

C. H. WINDER.

[Numbers 2.]

MY DEAR BROTHER: * * * A gentleman told me in confidence (and therefore you must not repeat it) that he dined at Bright's the other day and that he (Bright) told him that Governor Willard had actually determined to recommend to the legislature of Indiana the repeal of all laws prohibiting slavery in that State, but that Bright and other friends had dissuaded him from doing so at this time because it would be attributed to a feeling of bitterness against the abolitionists and a desire to toady to the South. "But," added Bright "the time is close at hand when the movement will be made both in Indiana and Illinois. " * * *

Your affectionate brother,

C. H. WINDER.

[Numbers 3.]

WASHINGTON, January 2, 1861.

DEAR BROTHER: * * * Everything looks gloomy. Civil war seems inevitable. This idea of forcing States is one of the supremest follies that ever was conceived. It can't result successfully and must entail consequences in comparison to which the War of the Roses and the Thirty Years' War in the Lowlands was mere child's play. * * *

Your affectionate brother,

C. H. WINDER.

[Numbers 4.]

SUPREME COURT ROOM, February 21, 1861.

DEAR BROTHER: * * * "I have heard"-and stopped. I said, "What have you heard, Mr. President?" "Never mind," he replied, said, "You have a right to have your opinion upon the subjects that now distract the country. " He spoke so mournfully and his hand shook so that he could scarcely take a letter out of an envelope and he looked so woe-begone and mournful that I felt the profoundest sympathy for him. I said, "Mr. President, if you have time and feel sufficient interest in my poor opinions I would like to tell you frankly what my opinions are and exactly where I stand. " He said, "I stand upon the speech you delivered from that window to the multitude on the night of the Breckinrdige ratification. The sentiments and opinions you then declared are exactly mine,"-and I concluded by saying that some of his officers were propounding a most extraordinary question to candidates for military commissions, to wit: "If you State goes out would you take up arms against her?" That I did not believe he approved of any such question, but candor compelled me to declare

