
empahtically that no earthly power could induce me to take up arms against my State. The old man's eyes were filled with tears and he said: "You are all right; there's nothing to complain of in your views. But," he said, "you haven't been here lately. " I told him he was mistaken; that I had been there several times but could not get in, and that I had been to every levee but one and was gratified at the cordial manner in which he received me. He said he would see about the nomination and we separated with unusual feeling on his part.

Poor old man! He is a mere reed in the storm. I must close or I will not save the mail.

Your affectionate brother,

C. H. WINDER.

[Numbers 5.]

JUNE 27, 1861.

DEAR BROTHER: * * * I have no doubt on earth that the use of graphite would be of immense use in forts and stationary batteries. It would I think have all the effects you claim for it. They would not listen to me and I am not in with any of these fellows who can reach them. I should think a big speculation might be made through influential persons like Draper and some Pennsylvania Cameronians. * * *

Your affectionate brother,

C. H. WINDER.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 11, 1861.

WILLIAM MILLWARD, U. S. Marshal, Philadelphia:

Arrest W. H. Winder and send him to Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, September 11, 1861.

WILLIM MILLWARD, U. S. Marshal, Philadelphia:

You are directed to arrest William H. Winder and transfer him to the charge of Colonel Martin Burke at Fort Lafayette.

SIMON CAMERO,

Secretary of War.

PHILADELPHIA, September 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

William H. Winder, of this city, has been arrested for treasonable correspondence with rebel officers in obedient to a dispatch sent on from Provost-Marshal General Porter. We find scores of letters in Winder's possession to and from many traitors-Breckinridge, Burnett, Vallandigham, Hallock, of the Journal of Commerce, &amp;c. He has destroyed or concealed the letters from his brother, Charles Winder, of Washington. The correspondence proves that Charles Winder and William H. Winder knew of the intention and plan of taking Washington last April. Please order the marshal of this district at once to take William H. Winder to Fort Lafayette. He is a constant conspirator and should not be at large.

GEORGE A. COFFERY,

U. S. Attorney.

