
have recently been arrested, one in your city and the other (Mr. William Winder) in Philadelphia. From this one (now in Fort Lafayette) she has received letters declaring that he has always been a Union man; that he has never written a line South since the fall of Sumter and before that wrote only what he had written to members of the Federal cabinet and Northern members of Congress; that his health is very precaronly offense is having a brother in the Confederate Army, and all that he desires is an opportunity to prove his innocence. These letters she inclosed to General Scott some weeks ago but has received no reply.

Feeling the deepest interest in her anxiety and trying circumstances, having always held her in the greatest respect as a most estimable Christian lady, I have been greatly affected by her appeal to me as her pastor, and conscious that I can exert no influence myself I have ventured upon your friendly consideration, knowing your familiarity with all the means and modes of reaching the seats of power, to ask if you can advise or aid me in doing anything to get mr. Seward's attention and favorable consideration to the case of Mr. William Winder on acount of his venerable mother. If he has really done anything that ought to subject him in his state of health to such confinement of course I ought not to say a word; but will not Mr. Seward give him reasonable opportunity to prove what he asserts, that he has done nothing against the Government? Can you do me the favor to suggest what if anything can be done in the case, or that in your opinion it is useless to attempt anything in present circumstances? I am really very sorry to trouble you with such an application but in the emergemcy know nowhere else to look with any hope.

Please present my best regards to the ladies and believe me, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BACKUS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 31, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: You may extend for the period of thirty days and upon the same terms the parole of Mr. Charles H. Windler.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

[NOVEMBER 17, 1862.]

Colonel J. DIMICK, Commanding Fort Warren.

SIR: Lieutenant Parry has refused to forward my letter to the Honorable James Brooks, returning it to me. I beg respectfully to state that Mr. Brooks has been elected a member of Congress for the city of New York, is a public man upon his responsibility as such and to refuse to allow him to receive a letter addressed to him is no less an insult to him than it is a violation of my rights. It is to charge him with incapacity or indisposition to act rightly with the letter. More especially if Mr. Brooks should not find fault with me for my charges against himself it seems passing strange that you should find cause to interfere and prevent my conveying to him my opinion of his course. Under the supposition that Mr. Pray did not know that Mr. Brooks was elected a member of Congress I again deposit the letter to be sealed and forwarded to its destintion.

Respectfully, yours,

W. H. WINDER.

