
Johnson have interested themselves in his behalf, and feeling prfectly conscious that I could not hope to add any force to the intercessions of these distingusihed gentlemen I have abstaind from obtruding myself upon your notice, but no action having been taken by you in his case I cannot help feeling assured that it results wholly from a misapprehension of his case. And as no one knows better than myself that there is not the remotest foundation for his arrest I earnestly beg now to invoke your favorable consideation of the appeal of those gentlemen for the following reason: My brother is and has alwasy been afirm, consistent, unwavering Union man. He believes that all the blessings that can attach to a nation are bound up in a fraternal union of all the States and that misfortune, suffering and weakness will follow a dissolution. Believing this he has most earnestly and (I think) ably advocated the Union on every occasion and in every manner in his power. He has never by word or deed given just cause of offense to the Government. If these things be so I will not suffer myself to doubt for an instant that you would order his unconditional release without delay if you were satisfied of them. To this end all that he asks is scrutiny. Take up his case, sir, and if any proof to the contrary can be brought against him you will at least have the satisfaction of knowing that your action in depriving a man (whose personal relations to you I know entitles him to your kind consideration, however humble he is) of his liberty you did so on substantial grounds. On the other hand if he be innocent you will admit that his fate has been a hard one. Torn from his business, the sole support of a mother now past eighty years, his papers and effects taken possession of by persons to say the least wholly indifferent to his interests (I of course allude to subordinates instrusted with the duty of arresting) and himself incarcerated nowfor three motnhs,espectfully whether this be not a hard fate, if as I said before he has given no just cause of offense. Nay more than that if his aim and desire is the same as your own?

I know well, sir, that my solicitation can and perhaps ought not to have any weight with you, but I am very sure that in a case like this you will not be swayed by who says but by what is said. I again earnestly ask for the sake of justice that you will take the trouble to satisfy yourself about the case of a man whose personal feelings toward you are those of admiration and friendship and who I repeat looks to the same end with yourself. If you find upon fair investigation that you have proceeded upon good grounds it will silence us and be a consolation to you to know that you have acted justly. To this end will you allow me to suggest that your order my brother to be sent to this city on a temporary parole so that he can be at hand to explain whatever may be suceptible of explanation? I ask this in behalf of an aged mother who is now on the verge of the grave, and of my own family in the bosom of which these events have sped an arrow of unutterable affliction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. H. WINDER.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 10, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

SIR: Let W. H. Winder, a prisoner confined in Fort Warren, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government

