
nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also thathe will do nothing hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. You will please make the stiuplations a part of the oath. I transmit this order to John S. Keyes, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be onveyed by them to persons outisde the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 14, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith and invite your attention to a memorandum* laid before the Department relative to one Captain Winder, a son [brother] of the insurgent General John H. Winder, who it is alleged has given utterance to expressions that place him under strong suspicions of disloyalty. Will you please cause inquiries to be made into the matter and adopt such proceedings as in your judgment are proper and report to this Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SERWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, January 15, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to report that * * * W. H. Winder declines taking theoath of allegiance as a condition of release.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 17, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: Your letter of the 15th instant reporting * * * that William H. Winder refuses to take the oath of allegiance has been received. In reply I have to request that you will hold [Winder] in custody till further orders from this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SERWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 22, 1862.

Honorable J. A. PEARCE, U. S. Senate.

SIR: Referring to your memorandum* without date I have the honor to inform you that the Secretary of States does not deem it expedient to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

47 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

