
interpose in regard to the lettrs of Mr. W. H. Winder whch it is alleged are stopped at Philadelphia by the U. S. marshal, as he is acting it is presumed under directions from the Post-Office Department.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SERWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

WASHINGTON, January 28,1 862.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I respectfully inform you that the period of my parole expires on the 1st proximo. I beg to submit myself to the pleasure of the honorable the Secretary of State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. H. WINDER.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 28, 1862.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL: You may extend the paroleof Mr. Charles H. Winder till the 1st day of March, A. D. 1862.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, January 28, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The presence of my brother, William H. Winder (now confined in Fort Warren), in Washington is necessary to adjust various interests in certain real estate (in this city) the title of which is now in him. I respectfully ask that he may be permitted to come here for that purpose on parole of thirty days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. H. WINDER.

WASHINGTON, February 1, 1862.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: My parole having expired I reported myself this morning to the provost-marshal who informed me that he had received no instructions as to my case. I respectfully request that the honorable the Secretary will be pleased to transmit them to-day. I beg also to avail myself of this occasion to solicit your attention to my application for a temporary parole for my bother now in confinement in Fort Warren. The object for which it is desired being the adjustment of various interests in certain real estate which cannot be settled without his presence I venture to hope that the honorable Secretary of State will find no difficulty in granting the application. May I ask you respectfully to do me the favor to inform me by note through the post-office of the determination of the honorable the Secretary as early as will suit your convenience?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. H. WINDER.

P. S. -I beg to remind you that to-day is Saturday and that if the provost-marshal is not instructed in my case to-day he cannot receive them until Monday. In the meantime he will have no alternative I suppose than to hold me in custody.

