
H. Winder, now confined in Fort Warren. I do not think it possible for any fair-minded man to deny that it is unjust to impose conditions of release upon a man who avows his adherence to the Constutition and Union, against whom no charge has been made in a responsible form, much less proved. I say nothing of the gross injusitce of his arrest in the first instance. That is past, and is a subject with which you have not to deal; but I do confidently submit it to your sense of justice whether the wrong should be longer continued. If there be any charge against him it is but fair that he should know it and his accuser, and have an opportunity to rebut it, and if not sustained and will doubtless receive your judgment that he be unconditionally release.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. H. WINDER.

LOCHIEL, March 24, 1862.

W. H. WINDER, Esq.

SIR: You surprise me by saying in your letter of 15th instant received to-day that it was by my order you were taken from Philadelphia to Fort Lafayette and placed in confinement, &amp;c. I knew nothing of your arrest* until I saw the fact stated in the newspapers, and being at the time closely engaged in the discharge of my official duties neglectedto inquire into the cause, presuming, however, that it was done by order of the State Department which had charge of such cases as I supposed yours to be.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

FORT WARREN, March 27, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

SIR: I learn from my brother in Washington that in an interview with General Dix the general told him that he and Judge Pierrepornt would come to Fort Warren personally to hear what each prisoner had to say. It is material to me to know upon whose order your eceived me at Lafayette. I was told at the time I was taken charge of to be carried to Fort Lafayette that it was upon an order from General Cameron, which I presumed to be so and did not look at it. In making the statement I should wish that no mitake be made and therefore apply to you for the information as to whose order it was upon which you received me. I suppose it is needless for me to say that it is not intended to base any offensive action toward you in the matter now or at any time but is desired to enable me intelligently and with absolute correctness to make my statements.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

W. H. WINDER.

[Indorsement.]

I beg you [will] furnish me with the information desired.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding.

---------------

*But see Cameron to Milward, September 11, and Coffey to Cameron, same date, p. 725; also Cameron to Coffey, September 13, p. 726.

---------------

