
FORT WARREN, March 31, 1862.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Lochiel, near Harrisburg.

DEAR SIR: Since writing you to-day* I have received the following copy of dispatch from Philadelphia:

WASHINGTON, September 11, 1861.

GEORGE A. COFFEY, District Attorney:

I have telegraphed Marshal Millward to arrest William H. Winder and transfer him to Fort Lafayette.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

I have supposed this might call to your mind the communication of Mr. Coffey to which apparently it is a reply.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WINDER.

LOCHIEL, April 2, 1862.

[Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.]

MY DEAR SIR: The letter inclosed you will see is in reply to my answer to his first one, dated ten or twelve days earlier. I do not think any orders for the arrest of Winder were signed by me. I have known him for many years, and while I knew he always sympathized with the South did not believe he would commit any act against the Government. I still have the same opinion of him, and if there is no evidence against him in your Department I trust he will not be held upon the belief that he was imprisoned on my order.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, March 31, 1862.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Lochiel, near Harrisburg.

SIR: I have to thank you for your prompt reply to my request for information as to the causes which induced you to issue an order for my transfer to Fort Lafayette. Your reply of the 24th stating your surprise that I had been sent there by yoru order and that you knew nothing of my arrest until you saw it in the paper and presumed it had been done by the order of the State Department confirms me in my supposition that your name had been used either without your knowledge or invadvertently signed to a paper without heeding its contents. It was obtained somehow through the district attorney. I give you copy of the document on which Colonel Burke took charge of me and placed me in Fort Lafayette:

PHILADELPHIA, September 13, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding Fort Hamilton.

DEAR SIR: Permit me to introduce to you my deputy, Mr. Sharkey, who carries with him Mr. Winder to be delivered to your custody per order of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MILLWARD,

U. S. Marshal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WINDER.

---------------

*See Winder to Cameron following, inclosed by Cameron to Seward.

---------------

