
LOCHIEL, April 2, 1862.

W. H. WINDER, Esq.

SIR: I have inclosed your letter of 31st (received to-day) to the Secretary of State and disavowed all knowledge of your arrestwith a request for your release if you have been held by my direction.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

FORT WARREN, April 5, 1862.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Lochiel, near Harrisburg.

SIR: I have been much gratified by the receipt of your letter of April 2, in which you advise me of your having sent my (first) letter of March 31 to the Secretary of State with a request for my releasein case I have been held by your direction. This is satisfactory and is all the case requires at your hands, unless indeed a disregard of your request should render it proper for your own vindication against an act which you repudiate but the responsibility of which is place on your name by the record.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WINDER.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 27, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day released the following-named prisoners in obedience to telegram 26th instant,* viz: * * * William H. Winder. * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 8, 1862.

Honorable EDWARDS PIERREPONT, New York.

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received by the Secretary of State from George A. Coffey, esq., U. S. district attorney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, requesting that the letters and papers seized at the time of the arrest of William H. Winder be sent to him. It is believe dthat some of the papers relating to the case of Winder are in the possession of the commissioners appointed last spring by the War Department to examine the cases of political prisoners. Mr. Coffey has been informed of this and will probably communicate with you in relation to the papers required by him.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

PHILADELPHIA, December 1, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: You will recollect that about the time when William H. Winder, of this city, was sent to Fort Lafayette many private letters and papers

---------------

*See Vol. I, this series, p. 748, for Stanton's telegraphic order

releasing all the Maryland political prisoners.

---------------

