
of his were transmittedto you at Washington by your order. Winder has been unconditinally released from summaryarrest andconfinement. I believe that upon his return to Philadelphia he will resume his efforts to embarrass the Government or to seek personal vengeance. The papers in your possession are sufficient to justify his leagl prosecution in the ordinary form for misprision of treason. I believe that it would be proper so to prosecute him and therefore I desire that you will transmit to me all papers and documents in your possession which were sent to you at the time of his arrest. If he so acts so to compel or warrant a prosecution the papers which I am writing about will not only make a legal case and put him entirely on the defensive but will superabundantly exlain and vindicate the whole action of the Government in this case.

I am, your most obedient servant,

GEO. A. COFFEY,

U. S. Attorney.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 8, 1862.

GEORGE A. COFFEY, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: Your communication of the 1st instant relative to the papers sezied and transmitted to this Department at the time of the arrest of William H. Winder has been duly received. In compliance with your request all the papers mentioned by you remaining in this Department have to-day been forwarded to you by express. Honorable Edwards Pierrepont, of New York, one of the commissioners appointed last spring by the War Department to examine the cases of political prisoners, may have some of the papers required by you in his possession. It is suggested that you communicate with him on the subject.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD.

Case of James L. Pruett.

FRANKFORT, KY., September 10, 1861.

The undersigned Union members of the Kentucky legislature respectfully recommend to the favorableconsideration of the military authorities, commanding at Saint Louis and Cairo, the application of John W. Pruett for the release of his brother, James L. Pruett, who account of his (J. W. Pruett's) valuable services in the Union cause. He has been energetic and efficient in support of the Government, and labored with untiring vigilance to defeat treason and rebellion in and the Government, and his services cannot be too highly valued. We hope the authorities may see proper to yield to his application on behalf of his only brother.

Respectfully,

JOHN F. FISK,

Speaker of the Senate.

RICHAR A. BUCKNER,

Speaker of the House.

[AND100 OTHER MEMBERS AND OFFICERS.]

