
FRANKFORT, KY., September 12, 1861.

The gentlemen whose names are signed to the foregoing petition (except the doorkeepers of the two houses) are members of the senate and house of representatives of the general assembly of Kentucky. I am well acquainted with Mr. John W. Pruett, the bearer hereof. He is a very respectable gentleman and as loyal to the cause of the Union as any man within its limits. He has been very active in ferreting out the movementss of the disunionists and communicating the information he has received to me. I hope the object of Mr. Purett's visit to Cairo may be accomplished.

JAMES HARLAN,

U. S. Attorney, Kentucky District.

We concur in the foregoing.

J. H. JOHNSON,

Secretary of the Senate.

J. RUSSELL HAWKINS,

Assistant Secretary of the Senate.

AL. T. SAMUELS,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

JAMES B. LYNE,

Assistant Clerk of the House of Representatives.

FRANKFORT, KY., September 12, 1861.

General FREMONT.

DEAR SIR: I have taken the libertyof addressing you a line in relation to the brother of Mr. Pruett, the sergeant-at-arms of the senate of Kentucky. Mr. Pruett is one of the most active, faithful Union men in Kentucky, and was a few days ago elected sergeant-at-arms of the senate by the unanimous vote of every Union senator. He has the syathy of every Union member of the Kentucky legislature in the affliction brought upon him by theunfortunate condition in which his brother is placed in consequence of some imprudent violtion of the law, and is suffering punishment, I understand, by being worked in the trenches surrounding the city of Saint Louis. I would respectfully recommend to your excellency for the sake of his brother, if consistent with propriety, his release and pardon.

In complying with this request you will confer a special favor upon your obedient servant,

J. L. SMEDLEY,

Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives of Kentucky.

FRANKFORT, September 12, 1861.

Major General J. C. FREMONT.

DEAR SIR: This will introduce to you Mr. J. W. Pruett, of Frankfort. Mr. Pruett is the sergeant-at-arms of the senate of Kentucky. I have become well acquainted with him during four terms of the last and one of this legislature and know him to be a Union man of the most loyal and devoted stamp.

He visits Saint Louis on business of importance, and any service that you can render him will be gratefully received by yours, very truly,

RICHARD T. JACOB.

