
the country have dared to invade our soil. Kentucky is in danger. She has vainly striven to keep please with her neighbors. Our State is now invaded by those who professed to be her friends, but who now seek to conquer her. No true son of Kentucky can longer hesistate as to his duty to his State and country. The invaders must and God willing will be expelled.

The leader of the hostile forces who now approaches is, I regret to say, at Kentuckian, making war on Kentucky and Kentuckians. Let all past differences of opinion be overlooked. Every one who now ralies to the support of our Union and our State is a friend. Rally then, my contrymen, around the flag our fathers loved and which has shielded us so long.rms for self-defense and for the protection of all that is dear to freemen. Let us trust in God and do our duty as did our fathers.

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

SHARPS RIFLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY,

Hartford, September 22, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have received information from my son, J. C. Palmer, Jr., who was a passenger on the Africa on her last trip to Liverpool, that General Sinclair, Ex-Minister Williams (to Turkey) and four other secessionists, all of whom ran the blockade at Charleston and reached Halifax via Nassu, New Providence, were amon the passengers on board the Africa. He states that their representation seemed to secure the symphaty and engage the attention of most of the passengers, who were foreigners, and that emboldened by the omen of listening ears and convinced hearers they openly avowed the object of their mission to be the purchase of ordnance and materials of war for Confederate Army. I fell it a pleasure as well as a duty to give you the facts. If anything further of this nature comes to hand I will inform you.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN C. PALMER,

President.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 23, 1861.

JOHN S. KEYES, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Boston, Mass.:

You can employ two detectives at $150 a month of two months. Consult with the governor and take effectives measures to break up the business of making and sending shoes for the rebel army or other articles for like purposes.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF METROPOLITAN POLICE,

New Youk, September 23, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I am confidentially informed that there is a lack of oversight kept on the prisoners confined at Fort Lafayette. Information has been received by the inmates there in advance of that received by the public

