
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 17, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: I will thank you to direct B. F. Corlies, now confined as a political prisoner at Fort Lafayette, to be discharged upon his taking the oath of allegianc. e

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

STATE OF NEW YORK, County of Kings, ss:

I, Benjamin F. Corlies, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will ber true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same, any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever. So help me God.

BENJ. F. CORLIES.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th day of September, 1861.

CHARLES W. CHURCH,

Justice of the Peace.

FORT LAFAYETTE, September 21, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I wish for you to give me written permission to send to Virginia for my wife as I am confined here and do not know when I will be able to get out, and in case that I get my release (which I am sure that I would get if I could see you) I would prefer remaining in New York until the war is over. I can employ a man to go to Virginia for my wife if you will give the permission and give me a chance to see the parties.

In regard to my money that the Government has libeled here in the city of New York it has been there ever since before the proclamation of the 15th of April issued by the President, and I have not taken it home for the reason that I believed it was safer here than at home and never had any idea of moving it until I got afraid of having it conficated. And so far as the rebellion is concerned I have never taken any hand in it in any way, as I voted for Union men for my State convention, and when the ordinance of secession was voted on by the people I left home for the reason that I could not vote for it and was afraid to vote against it.

I have been here in this fort for some ten days, and if you would give me a change I could prove to your entire satisfaction that I have neither committed treason nor intended any. If you will order a deputy marshall to convery me to Washington I will pay all of his expenses and my own and also his salary during the time, and I will gurantee if you will see me that you will order my release.

Hoping that you will comply with some of my request, I remain, yours, respectfully,

J. K. MILLNER,

Formerly of Danville, Va.

P. S. - You will please not publish anything in this letter.

J. K. M.

48 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

