
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 24, 1861.

SETH C. HAWLEY, Esq., New York.

SIR: I inclose herewith a letter from J. K. Millner, a prisoner now confined at Fort Lafayette, for you to examine and report upon the case. There are no papers here relating to it, and you will please apply to John A. Kennedy, the officer at whose instance the arrest was made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedience servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 25, 1861.

SETH C. HALWY, Esq., New York.

SIR: I inclose herewith the telegraphic dispatch from Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal, which is all we have relative to the case of Bethel Burton, confined at Fort Lafayette. Will you please take such additional testimony as may be offered in regard to the case and return the inclosure with your report thereon?

I am, sir your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 25, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: You will please mermit the wife and children of Bethel Burton to visit him in the presnce of a proper officer.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, September 25, 1861.

J. KERNAN.

DEAR SIR: * * * Go see Mr. Develin, son-in-law of Stetson who keeps the Astor House, and say to him if he will get permission to visit me I want to see him, and that if he will get me out from here that if he wants one or two thousand to help him in the election coming he cannot only do me an act of justice but aid the party in the coming struggle. I suppose you are posted and as I can say nothing more in this I will intrust you with this little errand for me, believing you will favor me with your service. * * * We have all the papers and discuss the affairs of the nation the same as though I was in the Canadas. Of course we can not write anything of a private nature, which is the only thing deprived of. I would wish you to say to Mr. Develin that I will take the oath given to others, for as you know I was always a Union man and can take it with a good grace. Whether in or out I feel a man's spirit buyoing me up to meet any fate that may befall me. Come down often as I will like to see your even through a glass. Our numbers are increasing very fast, twenty being added since Sunday as you will see by the papers.

Farewell, old friend, until next we meet.

BETHEL BURTON.

P. S. - It is my desire that nothing in this shall be made public. *

B. B.

---------------

*Omitted portions refer to unimportant matters.

---------------

