
loyalty and innocence of Mr. Walker. I am satisfied that no proof exists sufficient to convict Mr. Walker, and I must add that I am of opinion that he is innocent.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

S. C. HAWLEY.

Inclosed herewith find the affidavit of John S. Young.

[Inclosure.]

METROPOLITAN POLICE DISTRICT, ss:

John S. Young being duly sworn doth depose and say as follows: am sergeant in the Metropolitan police of New York and have command of the detective police before. James P. Barnett arrested Robert R. Walker, now confined in Fort Lafayette, and I had interviews with him on several occasions after he was arrested and before he was sent to Fort Lafayette. The evidence against him consisted in the statement of Millner, who is a prisoner in Fort Lafayette, and his statement alone. I examined the papers of Mr. Walker and his correspondence and found nothing to implicate him. On the contrary letters received by him from other parties indicated that his letters to them were sound and devoted to the cause of the Union. These letters were from persons in Kentucky, Ohio and Missouri and from Philadelphia. He has a son in the U. S. Army and another who is about to eneter the army. I used a man who represented himself as a secessionist and on his way to Fort Lafayette to sound Mr. Walker. He had conversation with him to find out what were his real views. Mr. Walker's conversation was entirely faithful to the Government and against secession. Millner's statement was in effect that he was a partner in the purchase of the rifle of Burton. Mr. Walker stated freely that he had taken an interest in the purchase of the rifle and had tried to get the United States Government to adopt [it]; had offered it to Governor Morgan and the Stae Military Board and the Union Defense Committee, but failing to succeed in that he had dropped the matter and utterly denied having any connection with any scheme to dispose of it to the rebel authorities. He had been induced to take an interests in the riy. When we arrest of Millner was published Rooney, who was living in style in Brooklyn, fled, but Mr. Walker remained at home and did not seek to evade the officers. Mr. Walker said it was hard for him to be shut up and have his business ruined but that it was so just and necessary that persons realy guilty should be imprisoned that he would try and bear his arrest as well as he could. Mr. Burton in his statement entirely exculpates Mr. Walker from any part in any design to furnish the rifle to the rebels.

JOHN S. YOUNG.

Sworn before me this 3rd of October, 1861.

S. C. HAWLEY,

Chief Clekr.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 7, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have been in confinement here for nearly a month upon orders from your Department. I am a native of Virginia who brought some money to New York in the latter part of last March solely for the purpose

