
of speculating in stocks. I have not used one dollar for any other purpose than speculating in public stocks except he small amount necessary for my personal expenses. I know that charges to the contrary are made but they are not true and will not be sustained by any proof that will satisfy you upon full investigation. I desire of course my release in order that I may look after my property and be in condition to look after my family. May I not ask upon what conditions I can obtain my release? I am sure that my purpose and plasn are and were altogether innocent in respect to the charges made against me. I have no friends of influence here to attend to my case and hence I trust you will allow me to [trouble] you by addressing you in person.

Yours, respectfully,

J. K. MILLNER.

76 WALL STREET, NEW YORK, October 7, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: Bethel Burton, esq., now confined at Fort Lafayette, has retained us as counsel with the view if a proper case is presented to obtain his discharge from the fort. In order that we may properly understand the grounds upon which he asks a discharge it is absolutely necessary that we should have a personal interview with him, and our own position is such that you would need no guaranty that the interview could not injure the Government. If upon investigation we are not fully satisfied that we can present a sufficient case to warrant us clearly to ask the Government for his discharge we shall not trouble it.

Will you oblige us by giving the required permission and believe us, truly, your obedient servants,

BEEBE, DEANE &amp; DONOHUE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let R. R. Walker, a prisoner confined at Fort Lafayette, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States, stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whetever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. You will please make the stipulations a part of the oath. I transmit this order to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. mashal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

I, Robert R. Walker, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding;

