
and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law; and also that I will neiether enter any of the State in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection.

ROBERT R. WALKER.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 19th day of October, 1861.

J. C. LAY,

First Lieutenant, Twelfth Infantry.

OFFICE OF THE SUPT. OF THE METROPOLITAN POLICE, New York, October 20, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq., Assistant Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: * * * I see that Mr. R. R. Walker has been discharged from Fort Lafayette. Had I supposed that his detention was a matter of consideration I would have refered you to a competent witness to show the position he had taken before the discovery of his complicity in the transaction between Millner and the inventor of the breechloading gun. I have in my possession a letter found among Walker's papers addressed to him by a loyal man in Cincinnati, evidently in reply to a disloyal letter from Walker. That man can be found and possibly the letter he replied to which would enable you to judge of his sincerity.

Truly, yours,

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 24, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

SIR: I respectfully ae from confinement under which I have for six weeks suffered. I am a citizen of Danville, Va., and have been interested in banks and stocks. I am a Union man and voted in Virginia against my own uncle who was a secession candidate. I have never been engaged in intentional treasonable acts against the United States Government, and have never conveyed any political or military intelligence or intelligence of any other kind detrimental to the Government of the United States. I am willing to give the same parole has that given by Mr. Gutherey, of Virginia, who has been released.

Yours, respectfully,

J. K. MILLNER.

NEW YORK, October 28, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD:

I earnestly recommend the immediate release from Fort Lafayette of J. K. Millner and Charles Kopperl* upon the same parole+ as Chapin, before their removal to Fort Warren to-morrow. I will be personally responsible for them.

W. H. LUDLOW.

---------------

*For case of Kopperl see p. 485 et seq.

+Not found.

---------------

