
CONFIDENTIAL.] U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

New York, November 1, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I deem it my duty to inform you that I have been importuned by a great many lawyers and others representing themselves to be friends of Mr. Millner, who was confined in Fort Lafayette for his secession proclivities and subsequently removed to Boston, to assist in procuring his release. On my visiting the fort on Sunday I learned from him that he had offered a fee of $2,000 to any party or parties who could effect his liberation. Hence the anxiety and importunity evinced by certain parties to aid him in his endeavors. As I have no doubt that you will be similarly importuned I deem it only right and proper that I should put you in possession of the object the parties have in view to procure his release. He is undoubtedly one of the shrewdest and cleverest men that has been arrestsed, and will leave no stone uturned to procure his liberation by any means he can resort to.

I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

FORT WARREN, Boston, November 12, 1861.

His Excellency PRESIDENT LINCOLN, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I was arrested in Brooklyn on the 12th day of September last. I have never had any charge made against me up to the present time. I am therefore at a loss to know what the charge is, and respectfully ask that my case be brought to a trial - if guilty convicted; if not allow me to go to the support of my helpless family, who are now suffering for the necessaries of life in consequence of me their only support [being] taken from them. My wife in all probability is just now in her confinement, without funds and surrounded by a small family.

As to my case I would refer you to Reverend Doctor Buddington, of the Clinton Avenue Congregational Church, Brooklyn; that is my social position and standing in the community amongst whom I dwell. Now as to cause of my imprisonment; so far as I can learn from the papers of New York and the two individuals imprisoned with me in Fort Lafayette they are true in part as follows: I employed Mr. Walker as agent on commission to sell for me a patent right for a gun in the United States, France, England and Belgium. He introduced me to several persons, amongst whom was Mr. Millner, the individual now imprisoned with me. Each and all including the latter utterly refused to purchase the right in said gun or any part, parcel or interest in said gun, which is all the cause I can assign for my arrest and imprisonment and Mr. Walker being allowed to go clear, the only one with whom I had any transaction in the case.

I am I think entitled to a hearing or a trial, but give me a fair chance for my life. I might with the same propierty be held responsible for being introduced to others for the purpose of disposing of my patent. I am not disposed to find fault with the Administration for being stringent in the discharge of their official duties, but I do feel as though there is done me a grievous wrong, and trust in you, sir, for the sake of my wife and children. That alone, sir, even though I was guilty will I trust for their sake induce you to show me an act of kindness never to be forgotten, as my wife and children are to me the only

