
FORT LAFAYETTE, December 1, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: Thinking that it was best to have my case presented to you by some person with whom you were acquainted I request Mr. W. H. Ludlow* to see you in my behalf upon from your letter the other day I think it best to apply to you in person in my own behalf. As I have been confined some three months now and Mr. Walker who was arrested under the same charge has been released I am compelled to think if you would investigate my case you would set me at liberty.

Hoping and believing that you will do me the justice to once more give me my liberty, I remain, yours, respectfully,

J. K. MILLNER.

P. S. - I have not paid Mr. Ludlow any money, nor neither will do so so long as it is against your orders.

J. K. M.

FORT WARREN, Boston, December 2, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I was arrested in Brooklyn September 12. Since that time I have been closely confined. I have a family of three children. My wife has just been confined of a still-born baby caused from her troubles and anxiety of mind. I had some means when arrested which is now exhausted, and my further confinement here is the more harassing to me because productive of misery to them.

A few days ago an order+ was read by the U. S. marshal of this place directing that application be made direct to the Department of State for an examination of their case. Being perfectly conscious of never having been engaged either directly or indirectly in any act inimical to the Federal Government I believe that an investigation of my case must result in my immediate discharge, and therefore respectfully request the Department to take action on the case, which I again respectfully insist must result in my relief from this distressing condition in which I and my family are now placed. Did I know the charge against me I might be able to defend myself from the odium thrown on my character. Until I fear from the Department I refrain from any further communication on the subjec. t

The early attention of the Department will much oblige, your obedient servant,

BETHEL BURTON.

P. S. - I am and always was a Union man. I am ready to comply with the requirements of the oath administered to the prisoners on condition of my release. I can prove my sincerity to the Union by the highest authority when called upon to do so.

B. B.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, December 30, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington.

SIR: I was arrested in New York on September 10, 1861, by Marshal Murray acting under orders received from the Department of State

---------------

*Concerning Ludlow see Hawley to Seward, November 25, p. 149; Seward to Colonels Dimick, Burke and Loomis, November 25, p. 151, and same to Burke and Dimick, November 27, p. 153; Murray to Seward, December 7, with its inclosures, p. 174.

+See p. 151 for Seward to Keyes, November 26.

---------------

