
authorities here all my books and papers were carried away frommy -place of business in this city and my residence in Brooklyn during my confinement of nearly two months, and subsequently most of my papers and books have been returned, but there is still retained from me my letter copying book and other papers for which I have made application both in pereson and by letter and orders by others to I beleive all the authorities of the city in whose hands they would likely be, but without any success further than promising they would look them up. You will pardon my intrusion upon your valuable time in this my case, but the delay and inconvenience to me by being kept out of papers are of a serious character in my efforts to recover my business from the shock it got in by my absence last fall. Again pardon me in asking your attention and direction to the proper parties here requesting their immediate attention.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. WALKER.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS, Boston, May 7, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: The following peresons having complied with the conditions requried by the Commission you will please discharge them, viz: * * * J. K. Millner * * * You will at the same time return to each of them any property in your possession belonging to them.

Very respectfully, yours,

E. D. WEBSTER.

MAY 7, 1862.

I, J. K. Millner, of Danville, Va., do hereby give my parole of honor that I will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States and that I will not go into any of the States in armed insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor correspond with persons residing therein without permission from the Secretary of War.

J. K. MILLNER.

Signed in the presence of-

E. D. WEBSTER,

Secretary.

Case of Marcus Cicero Stanley.

Marcus C. Stanley was arrested in New York September 11, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State. He was charged with inducing many [men] to desert from the Empire City Regiment, thereby breaking up that regiment; also with interfeing with and preventing enlistments into the U. S. service. An order was issued from the Department of State dated September 21, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Stanley on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accordingly released September 21, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arreests for Disloyalty. "

