
station and when men have applied he has as deponent has reason to believe and does believe prevented them from enlisting; that said Stanley has had men constantly around deponent's station, and that these men take off the men who make application and prevent by some means their enlisting; that deponent has frequently seen said Stanley in company and in communication with the men who deponent knows interfere with his enlisting recruits; that the acts of said Stanley deponent verily believes have prevented his enlistments; that deponent believes but for said Stanley's acts he could have enlisted 100 men, whereas he has enlisted but five men in the city of New York; that in some instances the men would sign their names and immediately on going out would be taken up by the men employed by said Stanley and that they would never return; that deponent verily believes said Stanley is engaged in preventing men from enlisting.

CHARLES DIAMOND,

Lieutenant.

Sworn to before me this 3rd day of September, 1861.

R. E. STILWELL,

U. S. Commissioner.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 11, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, U. S. Marshal, New York:

Your letter and telegram* received. Arrest Marcus C. Stanley * * * and send [him] to Fort Lafayette.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, September 12, 1861.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: In obedience to your orderse I have arrested * * * Marcus Cicero Stanley who is now at Fort Lafayette. * * *

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1861.

[Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD.]

DEAR SIR: Allow me to say privately that I think the arrest of M. C. Stanley is a mistake unless you have put him there to obtain information from the immates. If he is there for that purpose all right; he is just the man for the business. I know of none who could excee dhim in tact and general capacity. What he did in breaking up the Empire Regiment he deserves the thanks of the community for, and so far as I have been able to discover his course has been eminently patriotic.

J. A. KENNDY.

NEW YORK, September 14, 1861.

M. G. FLANAGAN, Kirkwood's:

The affidavit against Stanley is made by Andrew Sheehan, professional gambler and pugilist. Don't fail to see Judge Welsh. He is now with [John] McLeod Murphy's regiment.

G. W[ILKES].

---------------

*Telegram not found.

---------------

