
detained by authority of the Government. You will please to take such prompt action upon the case as shall seem best in your own judgment.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

JAMES. LESLEY, Jr.,

Chief Clerk, War Department.

[Indorsement.]

Let him be released on taking the oath of allegiance.

[W. H. SEWARD.]

[Inclosure.]

TRENTON, N. J., September 13, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: On Wednesday last of Colonel James W. Wall, of Burlington (who is my brother-in-law), was arrested in his own house by the marshal of this State in virtue of an order from the War Department, and after being carried into the State of New York was imprisoned in Fort Lafayette where he now remains. I am informed by Colonel Wall that he has not been made acquainted in any way with the cause of his arrest, and at this instance and in his behalf I would respectfully request to be informed by the Department what accusations have been made against him and upon what grounds such unusual proceedings have been instituted. If Mr. Wall can be apprised of the charges which have been preferred he may be able at once to satisfy the Government that they are without foundation and that he has committed no offense against the laws of his country. It is the privilege of every citizen "to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation against him," and placing yourself and the request I make upon this high constitutional right I feel satisfied that the application will be promptly granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. VROOM.

BURLINGTON, September 20, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON:

You have done the loyal Union people of this [city] a great service by sending away that brawling, noisy secessionsit James W. Wall. He was a perfect pest to the Unione men, and they hope you will confine him until after the war is over. He would read his secession paper at all the corners. He would rush to New York train, get 100 of New York News, commence reading and commenting. He made several converts, and there are four of five almost as bad as he is and ought to be arrested. He exulted in our defeat at Bull Run. The marshal knows the four or five alluded to. He was advised to keep quiet. He said the d-d Black Republicans dare not not arrest him. His wife is just as bad as he is. She boats that she will get him home soon. Inquire about Dr. Franklin Gerant. He is worse than Jim Wall if possible. Do look after those folks. They talk of Mr. Lincoln and his Cabinet as if they were robbers. Jersey is infested with a nest of these vile traitors. They prevent our young men from entering the service of the United States. We rely on you and the Cabinet. There is a report that Mrs. Wall has gone to the fort to bring her husband home. Can it be possible?

UNION NOW AND FOREVER.

