
positively made by the friends of the prisoners that they are entirely innocent will and do have their effect on the community. Thinking men among us feel uneasy lest the confidence of the people in the Government should be impaired and will be glad to have it in their power to justify these arrests. For every arrest made for good cause you may be assured the people of New Jersey will justify and approve of the action of the Government.

It is to be regretted that you have not given me more precise information in regard to the cases of arrest in New Jersey which are represented to have been made upon insufficient grounds so that corrections might be applied in those case if injustice should be found to have been done.

I appreciate the motive which prompts the suggestions which you have thus made with a view that the Government may justify itself for any arrests that it may find itself obliged to direct in counteracting and defeating treason which is already in arms in one-third of the States and which finds aiders and abettors and sympathizes I regret to say in every State in the Union.

The suggestions themselves will be submitted to the President and I have no doubt that they will receive from him the consideration due to their intrinsic importance and to the high respect which I am sure he entertains for your character as the enlightened and patriotic chief magistrate of one of the most loyal States in the Federal Union.

I am, your excellency's most obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New York, Harbor, September 23, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington City. D. C.

SIR: I thought it best to send through you inclosed communication from Mr. Wall, prisoner at Fort Lafayette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, Sunday Morning.

MY DEAR WARDROP: Permit me to thank you for your may kindnesses to my wife who, poor thing, is exceedingly grateful for it wehen wheel with turn. I caught a glimpse of you I thought as the barge landed and waved my handkerchief at you, but the sentry ordered me in an I had to obey. I cannot learn why I am here as the Departments are selaed books to the poor prisoners here. No communications are answered. No consultations with counsel. You cannot meet your accusers face to face. In fact not a single constitional right is permitted. A little humpbacked newsboy was brought inhere yesterday whose alleged offense was selling the Daily News. We are expecting Government Morehead from Kentucky in a day or two. There is a rumor prevailing here that we are to be removed to Fort Independence in Boston Harbor, but I do not know how it is nor do I care. I am fully prepared for any event.

I cannot wife to you as I would wish, and must postpone what I have to say until we meet again which may be never; but remember that living or dying, I am, yours, truly,

JAMES W. WALL.

P. S. - This letter, I am instructed to say, must not be published in any newspaper. Remember me kindly to Mrs. Hall.

