
BURLINGTON, October 30, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Will you permit me to call your attention once again to my oftrepeated request to be informed of the character and nature of the charges against me in your office, and by virtue of which the Department over which you preside felt itself bound to incarcerate me in a Government fortress for two weeks?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. WALL.

[No date.]

The inclosed is an exact copy of a letter (intercepted) from James W. Wall to the Hon. William B. Reed, of Philadelphia.

L. C. BAKER.

[Inclosure.]

BURLINGTON, Wedensday.

[Hon. WILLIAM B. REED.]

MY DEAR SIR: I have understood from a reliable source that it is the intention of a number of prominent Democrats to start a Democratic journal shortly in Philadelphia. If so I should like very much to be attached to the aditorial corps. If you can aid me in this matter you will confer a favor. During the last three months of the existence of the Daily News, of New York, I was the principal contributor to its editorial columns. I think the dawn of the coming day is discernible, and the cry of "Watchman, what of the night," will soon cease. Permit me to congratulate you on the result in Pennsylvania. We shall show you the virtue of a good example in New Jersey in November.

Yours, very truly,

JAMES W. WALL.

BURLINGTON, November 27, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: By your order I was torn ruthlessly from my family and confined in Fort Lafayette for two weeks, being subjected to the grossest indignities by the insolent foreign soldiery who are kept there to tyrannize over free-born Americans. I desire once more to know the nature of the charges against me and by virtue of which you presumed to issue such an order.

Respectfully,

JAMES W. WALL.

Case of Howard and Glenn, of the Baltimore Exhcange Newspaper.

F. Key Howard,* editor of The Exchange newspaper at Baltimore, was arrested at that city on or about the 12th day of September, 1861, by order of the Secretary of War. Howard was publicly known

---------------

*Howawrd was arrested with the Baltimore members, of the Maryland, legislature by order of General McClellan. See Vol. I, this series, p. 688, for report of these arrets by Allan Pinkerton; also, p. 590 for Dix to Blair, and Blair's indorsement thereon to McClellan recommending the suppresion of the Exchange and other Baltimore newspapers. - COMPILER.

---------------

