
to be in deep sympathy with the rebels and his paper zealously advocated their cause. He was one of a family which had furnished several soldieres to the rebel cause. His arrest was a measure of military precaution to remove the incitement of his presence from the disorderly material which there was reason to apprehend might at any time burst into a flame of discord and insurrection. There was found in Howard's possession a large quantity of manuscirpts - articles for his paper, correspondence, lists of names pledged to favor the recognition of the independece of the Confederate States* and drafts of proceedings for the legislature - mostly of decided secession character. Said Howard after his arrest was confined successivley in Forts McHenry, Monroe, Lafayette and Warren, in which last he remained in custody February 15, 1862.

W. W. Glenn was arrested in Baltimore September 14, 1861, by order of Major-General Dix and committed to Fort McHenry. He was one of the editors and proprietors of The Baltimore Exchange, a paper bitterly opposed to the suppression of the rebellion by the United States Government. By an order from the Secretary of State dated September 30, 1861, General Dix was ordered to release Glenn on his taking the oath of allegiance. Glenn declined to take the oath but was willing to give his parole of honor not in any way to oppose the Government or assist its enemies. There are no paperes in the Department of State showing when or on what terms Glenn was released. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

FORT McHENRY, September 14, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWRD:

I have arretsed W. Wilkins Glenn, proprietor of Exchange, and have him in custody at Fort McHenry. +

J. A. DIX.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Washington, September 18, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army, Baltimore, Md.:

I am directed by Major-General McClellan to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant++ and to say in reply that he highly approves of your action in arresting Glenn. He is also glad to learnt hat you have not ordered the discontinuance of the paper if there is any chance of its changing hands. He desires me further to say that he wishes you to make any arrest that you may consider necessary even if you have not direct authority from the Government. Theg eneral has entire confidence in your judgment and discretion and desires that you pursue such a course as you deem advisable for the public good.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. I, this series, p. 676, for declaration with signatures.

+See Vol. I, this series, for Dix to Blair, August 31, 1861, p. 590.

++No letter found, but see preceding telegram of Dix to Seward announcing the arrest.

---------------

