
authority) that a continuance in sending such letters as that which appeared in the London Standard would be likely to subject him to surveillance.

Very truly, yours,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BOSTON, September 24, 1861.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington.

DEAR SIR: My information respecting Mr. Charles W. Adams is that he left Boston several months ago for Liverpool, England, where he had large business. He returned about ten days since by steamer arriving at New York. Two days after his arrival at his home in Roxreason, in consequence of which were out for his arrest for political reason, in consequence of which he left for Canada where he now is.

As a resident of Texas for many years (some fifteen or twenty I am told) he naturally acquired prejudices in favor of that State and her institutions, and I am informed has at the present time considerable property there. His home has been in the neighborhood of Boston for several years past. He married a lady from Bangor, Me., a few years ago. Previous to his departure from Europe he purchased a large and valuable tract of land in the town of West Roxbury with the intention of building a house to be his future home, and to my knowledge the work has been in progress for months past during his absence in England and continued up to last Saturday, the 21st instant. In consequence of being obliged to leave his home business has ben thrown into confusion; his notes are under protest, and the laborers upon his new place at West Roxbury are unpaid.

My impression is that if Mr. Adams has exposed himself to suspicion it has been caused by hasty and indiscreet remarks. I do not believe him disloyal. On the contrary I believe he will at all times support the laws which protect him, his family and his property. I do not, however, believe that he can take the oath of allegiance without jeopardizing his property in Texas. All this movements show his intention of becoming a citizens of West Roxbury, and I have no doubt that should the order for his awn he will return to his home and confine himself strictly to his affairs which as I before stated are suffering by his absence. The fact of his absenting himself should not be brought against him, as he doubtless is apprehensive that he may be subjected to long imprisonment before he could have a hearing. I learn from Mrs. Adams that Mr. Adams is now at Montreal.

I have some reason to think that bonds might be obtained from responsible parties for his good conduct if on parole.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHNATHAN A MORY.

Dispatch and Passport Agent.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 25, 1861.

E. W. STOUGHTON, Esq., New York.

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd instant asking permission to visit Robert Tansill, a prisoner of war now confined at Fort Lafayette, has been received and as it has been found necessary to restrict such permissions I regret to say your request cannot with propriety be granted. There

