
[Inclosure.]

FORT McHENRY, October 3, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX.

DEAR SIR: Mrs. Glenn has this morning showed me a note addressed her by you in reference to some communication had by yourself with the authorities at Washington in reference to the terms upon which I would be released from confinement. Having already more than once taken an oath to bear allegiance to my State and to support the Constitution of the United States and never having violated this oath in the slightest particular I know of no ground upon which any other could be demanded of me. In no case do I hope I will ever be so wanting in that self-respect which I owe to myself as an American citizen as to take any oath whatever under compulsion. Much less would I consent to take any oath the strict and honest observance of which would oblige me to be false to myself by ignoring the one I had already sworn to. I have always been a conservative citizen.

I have never until lately mingled in the slightest degree in politics. I advocated a policy upon the election of Mr. Linclon which if pursued would I believe have preserved the Union. I purchased a large interest in The Exchange for the purpose of advocating that policy. Even now I look upon separation as an evil and that the benefits to be derived from it can no event compensate for the loss of the manifold advantages enjoyed under the Union. I never have hesitated to say this. At the same time I look upon the preservation of our constitutional rights, the only safeguard of liberty, either civil or religious, as the duty of every good citizens in the performance of which even greater evils than separation should be cheerfully submitted to. In any action that I have never taken I have never forgotten that Maryland was a State in the Union. I have never had the slightest communication with any of the seceded States or committed any overt act in opposition to the Government. Under these circumstances I cannot see why any oaht should be asked of me.

The Daily Exchange has been stopped by force. Though disputing the right to commit the act I still submit to the superior power of the Government. I shall not edit The Exchange nor republish it nor contribute to any paper so long as the censorship of the press is exercised in Balitmore. Denying the right of the Government to hold me under arrest without trial I still acknowledge the fact which is patent that I am a prisoner. As such I should be glad to accept my release under conditional parole, pledging myself also not to connect myself with any anti-Administration newspaper until I am in position to express my views freely and unrestrictedly.

Your obedient servant,

W. W. GLENN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 9, 1861.

Major General JOHN A DIX, Baltimroe, Md.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th instant inclosing the one addressed to you by Mr. Glenn has been duly received.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 14, 1861.

DEAR LYDIA: * * * I fear I am destined to undergo confinement some time longer for I will make no substantial compromise with the

