
joining the movement. John C. Breckinridge's address is directed "To the Pople of Kentucky. " It is an argument in favor of the right of secession and a vindication of his withdrawal from the Senate of the United States and adhesion to the secession movement. The pamphlet bears this imprint: "Published at the South office, 122 Baltimore street. "]
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 14, 1862.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN, Commanding the Army.

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of The South, published in this city. The leading editorial is a fair sample of its original articles. It is not allowed to be circulated by the mails but is sold by newsboys in the street and distributed by carriers to private subscribers. There is a strong desire among the Union men of the city to have this print suppressed. I do not think proper to adopt a measure of so much significance without the previous sanction of the Government, and that metter is respectfully referred for such action as you may deem proper.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, February 17, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore, Md.:

Arrest immediately and hold in close custody the editor or editors and publishers of the paper called The South for treasonable practices. Seize and take possession of the paper and of all the materials. Acknowledge by telegram.

By order of the Secreteary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, February 17, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MORRIS, Commanding Fort McHenry.

COLONEL: You will receive and hold in close custody Samuel S. Mills and Thomas H. Piggott, arrested under the order of the War Department, and sufer them to hold communication with no one until further orders.

By command of Major-General Dix:

WM. H. LUDLOW,Major and Aide-de-Camp.

BALTIMORE, February 17, 1862.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON:

Samuel Sands, Mills, publisher and proprietor, and Thomas H. Piggott, editor, of The South, were arrested last evening, kept in the station house during the night and sent to Fort McHenry this morning. The office of The South was seized last evening and is in possession of the police. John M. Mills, a partner in the concern, has also been arrested in will be sent to Fort McHenry immediately.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

