
in no objection, however, to Mr. Tansill communicating directly with the Government if he desires to do so.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 24th instant* in relation to Patrick Crohan and Dennis Kelly claimed as British subjects. On the 9th instant you wrote to me suggesting the propriety of discharging Dennis Kimball, a prisoner at Fort Columbus, presumed to be a British subject. As there was no prisoner of that name there I knew that Dennis Kelly was the person alluded to, and desired Colonel Loomis, the commanding officer at that post, to discharge him. I have no doubt it has been done. Patrick Crohan is a person of no consequence and it would be well to discharge him. he was arrested with some twenty others, some of whom were know to be on their way to Virginia to join Confederate Army. Some of the party may have been going to the southern counties of this State in quest of employment, but it was difficult to separate the two classes from each other. There are a few others whom I may recommend hereafter for a discharge on taking the oath of allegiance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, September 26, 1861.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. A., Western Dept. Saint Louis, Mo.

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the Western Department I have to report that reconnaissances which I have directed for the last two days show the enemy to have abandoned their position near Hunter's farm. * * * Yesterday a party of cavalry from Columbus cape up to the neighborhood of Elliott's Mills and arrested a farmer there for the crime of loyalty to his country. To-day I directed in relation the arrest of two noted secessionists who were informed that they would be released on the safe return of the Union man sent to Columbus. The party making the arrest went into Blandville and brought from there also a Mr. Blake, who is charged with recruiting a company for the Southern Army. He will be sent to Saint Louis for trial.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GEORGETOWN, D. C., September 27, 1861.

His Excellency ABARAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States of America.

SIR: I beg to trespass upon your attention in behalf of my friend James A. Donnelly, a young man of irreproachable character who was

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

