
FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 27, 1862.

General L. THOMAS, Adjutant General, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have this day released the following-named prisoners in obedience to telegram of 26th instant. * viz: * * * Thomas W. Hall. * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Case of Henry May, a Member of Congress.

Henry May,+ of Baltimore was arrested by order of the Secretary of War at Baltimore September 13, 1861, and committed to Fort McHenry and from thence transferred successively to Forts Monroe and Lafayette. An order was issued upon the Department of State dated October 11, 1861, directing Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release May for the purpose of attending his brother's funeral on his giving his parole of honor to return to Fort Lafayette if required by the Secreteary of State. A subsequent order was issued from the Department of State directing General Dix to release Mr. May from his parole dated December 2, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

WASHINGTON, June 29, 1861.

Hon. EDWARD BATES.

DEAR SIR: I take leave to introduce to your acquaintance the Honorable Henry May, of Baltimore, whose public character is well known to you. He desires to make some communications to you which he deems to be important to the country. His character as a gentleman of chivalrous honor and enlightened partriotism entitles him to your confidence, and his represenations will I feel certain receive due consideration from you.

I am, dear sir, yours, very truly and respectfully,

P. R. FENDALL.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, June 29, 1861.

Hon. H. May, of Baltimore and a Member of Congress elect, wishing on business of his own to visit Virginia and to return to take his seat guards and sentinels, receiving from them and all our officers and men due respect and consideration.

By command of General Winfield Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 786 for Stanton's telegraphic order releasing all the Maryland political prisoners.

+May's arrest was contemporaneous with that of the mayor of Baltimore and several disloyal Baltimore members of the Maryland legislature. For "Union policy of repression in Maryland," see Vol. I, of this series, particularly at p. 667 et seq., wherein will be found minor references to May in the general correspondence and orders relating to the arrests and subsequent disposition of the prisoners. - COMPILER.

---------------

