
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, July 16, 1861.

Hon. HENRY MAY.

SIR: Inclosed you will find a copy of resolution* referred to the Judiciary Committee by the House of Representatives, and which I am instructed to tarnsmit to you. It will be the pleasure of the committee to take up the resolution for consideration as soon as the state of your health may allow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JNO. A. BINGHAM,

Acting Chairman of Judiciary Committee.

[Inclosure.]

Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed to inquire whether Hon. Henry May, a Representative in Congress from the Fourth district of the State of Maryland, has not been found holding criminal intercourse and correspondence with persons in armed rebellion against the Government of the United States and to make report to the House as to what action or affirmation; and that said Hon. Henry May be notified of the passage of this resolution if practicable before action thereupon by the committee.

Extract from proceedings of the U. S. House of Representatives July 18, 1861. +

Mr. HICKMAN. I am directed by the Committee on the Judicary to make the following report:

The Committee on the Judiciary to whom was referred the resolution of the House of July 15, 1861, directing them to inquire whether the Hon. Henry May, a Representatives in Congress from the Fourth district of Maryland, has not been found holding criminal intercourse and correspondence, with persons in armed rebellion against the Government of the United States, reports:

That the gentleman moving the resolution of inquiry was called before the committee but declared himself ignorant of and unable to produce any evidence tending to prove any of the matters referred to in the resolution, but that they were grounded upon newspaper articles only. The committee having nothing and corresspondence with persons in armed rebellion against the Government therefore recommend no action in the case as necessary on the part of the House.

The committee further report that the investigation before them entirely rident of the United States and Lieutenant-General Scott of any suspicion of a correspondence or attempted correspondence through Mr. May.

*		*		*		*		*		*

---------------

*The resolution was adopted by the House July 15, 1861.

+For the full proceedings of the House on July 18, 1861, concerning the charges against May, the attack by a Baltimore mob on the Federal troops, and Chief of Police Kane's connection therewith, see Congressional Globe for July 20, 1861, p. 196 et seq.

---------------

