
Mr. THOOMAS, of Maryland. I ask my colleague [Mr. May] to let the Clekr read the residue of that newspaper article. [Cries of "That is right. "]

*		*		*		*		*		*

Several MEMBERSE. Read the whole article.

The Clerk read the article [from The Baltimore Sun] as follows:

HENRY MAY'S MISSION INTO DIXIE. - WHAT HE IS TELLING THE CONFEDERATE.

The following interesting and important account of affairs in Baltimore is from a letter written at Richmond on the 4th of July, published in The Charleston Courier:

"The principal bubble upon the wave of Richmond life to-day or rather yesterday was the arrival of Hon. Henry May, of Baltimore, the successful competitor in the recent contest for Member of Congress there against Henry Winter Daivs, the Black Republican candidate. The object of his visit not transpired, but it is loudly whispered that it looks toward certain events in Maryland which may have an influence in determining the continuance of the war. The intelligence he brings from there is gloomy enough to make an American weep.

"According to his statements Baltimore is as effectually under the heel of the tyrant as if the head of every man in iron fetters. Federal troops are encamped in its squares and patrol its streets, cannon are planted at corners, citizens are arrested for even breathing secession, women are insulted with impunity, outrages are perpetrated that make humanity blush, and in a word a reign of terror has been inaugurated which if not as cruel in results is as bad in principle as that of Robesspierre when he enshirned a harlot as a goddess of liberty and bade the people fall down and worship.

"While this its he sad side of the picture there are other features about it which inspire the strongest hopes that the day of retaliation is not far distant. Thirty thousand men are said to be under arms waiting concerted action. Silently and stealthily they have been preparing for the event which they know must come. The mercenaries have sought to deprive them of their weapons but where one has been made a prize a hundred have taken its place. I learn this fact from a well-informed Baltimore now in Richmond and from another source I have ascertained that not less than 8,000 musekts are at this moment concealed and vigilantly guarded night and day.

"I think I telegraphed to you that in the Eighth ward - an Irish district by the way - a Confederate flag was flying over a house in which loaded swivels were mounted at the windows and that the inmates would die before they would allow the flag to be struck.

"My informant believees that a battle there is imminent. Affrays between the citizens and soldieres take place frequently. Already several on both sides have been killed and wounded. Should a fight result we shall hear of scenes that only find a parallel in the bloody records of the French Revolution when the people fought and conquered the trained soldiers of their king behind barricades. The blow may be precipitated in less than a week. Everything depends upon the success and movements of General Johnston. If he has orders from the President to march into Maryland and toward Baltimore the game commences at once. Lincoln will find himself encompassed by forces in front and rear. Cut off from the North and West Washington will be destroyed adn the footsteps of the treating army though tracked in blood across the soil of Maryland - as they assuredly will be in such an event - may possibly pave the way to an honorable peace.

"The movements of Johnston within the last few hours are watched with intense interest. It is known that Cadwalader is on the march toward Virginia and that a small battle had taken place between his advance guard and the forces of Colonel Jackson, but beyond the arrival of forty cavalry taken prisoners and brought to Winchester the details of the affair have not transpired. Colonel Jackson retired to draw the enemy into our line of operations and General Johnston with the entire force under his command advanced. Here the record stops but I hope the telegraph to-day will bring such news of a great battle as will make the 4th of July doubly dear to every Southern heart.

"The best of feeling - newspaper croaking up to the contrary - prevails everywhere among our troops. They are anxious to be `up and at 'em; ' are in prime condition physically and patriotically and have only one paramount want in the world - adn that is an opportunity `to clean the Yankees out and go home to their buiness. ' I observe extensively quoted and commented upon in the Northern papers an extract from a letter published in some Southern journal purporting to come from an private gentleman at Manassas and expressing the conviction that Beauregard is destined to be defeated.

