
"The result has been an evident encouragement to the people of the North; increased enlistment in the earmy, a proportionate diminution of vim in the South - for even a shadow will sometimes cause a chill - and worse than all an order from Secretary Walker that we indefatigable newspaper corresponds shall not visit any of the great camps without pledging our honor that we will not divulge the secrets that we may discover; all this arm of effects proceedings from a few poorly advised lines written with an incautiuos pen by one who must be neither a good soldier nor a good judge. "
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Washington, September 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter to General Dix which, if it meets your approval, I would be glad to have you sign and allow me to send into General Dix by Allen. From the best information I can obtain it would seem necessary to arrest at once the parties named. I have indicated Fort Monroe as their first destination in order to get them away from Baltimore as quietly as possible, and would suggest that they ultimately be sent North.

Very respectfully, yours,GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

P. S. - I am informed that the legislature meets the 14th.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 11, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, U. S. Army, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: You are directed to arrest forthwith the following-named persons, viz: T. Parkin Scott, S. Teackle Wallis, Henry M. Warfield, F. Key Howard, Thomas W. Hall, Jr., and Henry May, and to keep them in close custody, suffering no one to communicate with them, and to convey them at once to Fortress Monroe there to remain in close custody until they shall be forwarded to their ultimate destination. You will also size their papes and cause them to be carefully examined. The exigencies of the Government demand a prompt and successful execution of this order. You will please report your proceedings at once to this Department. Mr. E. J. Allen is sent to take the immediate charge of the arrests and examination of papers under your general control, and you will please furnish him the necessary military force.

I am, sir, very, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Baltimore, Md., September 11, 1861 - 11 p. m.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Your letter was handed to me half an hour ago by Mr. Allen, who is of the opinion that in consideration of the lateness of the hour and the uncertainty of finding all of the parties the arrests should be deferred till to-morrow night. I will detain the steamer so that they can be taken directly on board. No effort or precaution will be spared to carry your order into execution promptly and effectually.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

