
I do this under the conviction that you will resist to the last extremity all invasion of our constitution and especially the abominable scheme of electing an irresponsible and despotic tribunal, and with full power to provide for the protection, safety, peace and defense of the State. I can assure your excellency that every good and resolute citizens without respect of party who is not engaged in this mad crusade against the principles of republicanism will stand by you and resist with their lives the plot of a revolutionary cohort.

I am, very respectfully, your fellow-citizen,

HENRY MAY.

[No. 2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, July 5, 1861.

Colonel EPPA HUNTON, Commanding, Leesburg:

Henry May has permission to visit Harper's Ferry or any other point in the Confederacy upon his honor as a man that he will not communicate in writing or verbally for publication any fact ascertained by him.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

By A. T. BELDSONE,

Chief Bureau of War.

[No. 3.]

FORT McHENRY, near Baltimore, July 6, 1861.

Hon. HENRY MAY, Representative of Fourth Maryland District.

SIR: I take the liberty of forwarding to you in accordance with the advice which has been given to me certain documents* which are supposed to have a bearing upon the case connected witih my arrest and incarceration in this fortress. I take the liberty of informing you that I am not advised of the causes of my arrest and challenge my accursers if any there be to bring me into a court of justice or to substantiate any charge against me affecting my character as an offier or gentleman. As soon as I can have another interview with my counsel, George W. Dobbin, esq., it is my purpose to memoralize Congress for an investigation into the circumstances of my arrest. I repeat that I challenge the world for any evidence impeaching my integrity in any act of my life, and shall very probably unless otherwise directed by me counsel ask by memorial that the conduct of those by whom I am held a prisoner be investigated. I send you the accompanying papers in order that you may be informed of the circumstances of the emeute of 19th of April last, which has been made the occasion or cause of a constant, systematic and willful abuse of me in the Northern press ever since.

In haste, I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. KANE,

Marshal of Baltimore.

[No. 4.]

BALTIMORE, July 19, 1861.

Hon. HENRY MAY, Washington.

MY DEAR SIR: I can not feel satisfied without thanking you as a Marylander for the noble stand you have taken amongst a powerful

---------------

*See Vol. I, this series, p. 619 et seq., for report of board of police of Baltimore and Mayor Brown's letter to the legislature, correspondence, etc., relating to the "Arrest of the mayor, marshal and police commissioners of Baltimore. "

---------------

