
opposition which has trampled under foot the glorious heritage once vouchsafed to the humblest of American citizens. May God protect you and give you health and strength together with every blessing.

Truly, yours,

HENRY M. WARFIELD.

[No. 5.]

BALTIMORE, July 19, 1861.

Hon. HENRY MAY, Washignton.

MY DEAR SIR: I returned on Wedensday from Frederick County pefectly restored to health, but of course ancious to know the news. One of the most gratifying things I have read is the newspaper account of your hold and manly speech in the House yesterday* of which I will thank you for a copy. It is I know always gratifying to a gentleman holding such a position as yours to find that his course meets with the approbation of his constituents and I therefore feel I am not intruding when I tell you that the manner in which you denounced the insolent and contemptible attempt to injure you and the tyrannical usurpation which has trampled upon our rights here receives the sanction of all those whose opinions are worth anything. I am myself particularly glad that you have stood up so manfully, because I can point to your position as proof of my repeated declarations before the election to some who were not disposed to give you their votes that you would if elected do everything that could be done to vindicate the rights and protect the interests of Baltimore. The temper manifested by the dominant party leaves small room for hope that they will pause before any constitutional barrier, but it is a consolation to know that our Representatives will under all circumstances remain true to us and to himself. I was sorry to see by the papers that you were unwell, but hope you have now recovered.

Sincerely, yours,

J. P. POE.

[No. 6.]

[WASHINGTON, July -, 1861.]

[Hon. HENRY MAY.]

MY DEAR SIR: Mrs. Bayard Smith has not received your speech. She wishes to have several of yours and of Mr. Breckinridge's if you can get them for her. (Women govern men, and are not to be neglected by you politicians.) I told Mrs. Smith I should write to your to remind you to send your speech. She said, "And give him my love, if he keeps on as he has begun. " The excellent little lady is very much in earnest. Old Hodge, condeming her zeal, told Corcoran, "The little woman is crazy. " "Crazy?" reported C. ' "it's of such women that heroes are born. " Carlislie thinks it a capital card - a great occasion for you and Charles O'Conor - the habeas corpus before Judge Nelson. You will have as fine an opportunity as ever Erskine had. I had the honor of an interview yesterday with Old Abe to procure the execution of a sentence of a court-martial cashiering a volunteer colonel for spoil and pillage. My zeal was somewhat too apparent so he took time to consider of it.

Yours, faithfully,

J. F. LEE,

[Judge-Advocate, U. S. Army.]

---------------

*For May's speech referred to in this and the following letter see proceedings of the House of Representatives on July 18, 1861, in the Congressional Globe of July 20, 1861, at p. 196 et seq.

---------------

