
[No. 7.]

*		*		*		*		*		*

Permit me in conclusion to confess a conviction that arms in the hands of the North alone employed by an Administration elected on a principle of hostility of an irrepressible conflict against the most vital interests of the South, in which are also involved the safety if not the very existence of its people, and which Administration has hitherto manifested an uncompromising policy against those very interests since its accession to power, will not be able to preserve or restore our Union of States. But if it be otherwise and the mere declaration of a purpose to subdue their opposition has so generally united the people of the South in an attitude of hostility the clash of arms upon their soil and the terrible bloodshed that must ensue will leave but few indeed if any during our generation to feel or testify a sentiment of loyalty, or the undying hatred of a free people against their conquerors will descend to their children. And the bitter and sanguinary spirit too of the North pressage a miserable future of domination, producing only discord and not union. These sad contemplations force upon me the most painful apprehensions that the tendency of events is now hurrying us into a form of consolidated government if not a military despotism, since a war of sections can only conquer peace at the expense of liberty and union. We must all therefore upon the most impressive responsibilities that rest upon men at once invoke the benign influences of peace, conciliation, compromise and preserve together and perpetuate our liberties and glorious Union one and inseparable.

[Indorsement made by Department of State.]

A detached manuscript with figure 8 on one margin, writing having every semblance of May's, wherein he delcares arms in the hands of the North is evidence of hostility against the vital iterests of the South, and charges the spirit of the North as bitter and sanguinary and conducive of discord and not union and obviously leading to a consolidated or military government.

FORT HAMILTON, NSeptember 27, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington City.

SIR: Yesterday evening I received the following prisoners from General Wood. They are now confined at Fort Lafayette. They were receipted for to Captain Coster, U. S. Army: * * * Henry May.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHIGNTON, October 9, 1861.

Hon. W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: As an intimate personal friend of Hon. Henry May I would earnestly ask the favor of you for permission to visit him at Fort Lafayette upon my own and private business in which he is deeply interested.

Awaiting your reply, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

T. POULTNEY.

