
ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: A short time since by request I sent instructions to several district attorney toward the North to co-operate with your special agents in making effectual your orders to take possession of the written messages in various telegraph offices. Several of the attorneys have made report to me of the seizure of the papers and other reports are expected daily.

Having no important matter to communicate I only notify you of these facts and of my desire to co-operate with you in full.

Most respectfully,

EDW. BATES.

OFFICE U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY FOR

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,

New York, May 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War.

SIR: It is estimated that the telegraphic dispatches in our custody covering a period of a year number not less than 200,000 or 300,000.

The formidable amount of criminal to say nothing of civil business pressing upon me, my continued efforts to investigate charges of treason and to put an end to the flow of aid and comfort from this city to the rebel combinations at the South and the prize cases now crowding upon us all render it difficult for me to depute from my office a judicious person to examine all the dispatches and select those that should merit my attention or be of use to the Government.

It has appeared to me that the delicate and important duty of making such examination should be intrusted to a very intelligent, reliable person who could devote to it his uninterrupted efforts until the task should be methodically completed. If Colonel James Cameron whose discretion and energy have been evinced in perfecting the plan of seizing the dispatches can come here charged with the duty in question I shall be glad. If not perhaps you will give me authority to employ a discreet and intelligent person at such rate of compensation as our district judge and myself shall determine to be reasonable.

Awaiting your instructions or intimations on the subject, I am, with great respect, honored sir, your obedient servant,

E. DELAFIELD SMITH,

U. S. District Attorney.

U. S. S. MACEDONIAN, Near Vera Cruz, May 26, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I hereby respectfully request to resign my commission as a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WARD,

Lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

[Indorsement.]

This resignation has been in my possession during the last month. I was too sick to forward it when it was first handed in. Lieutenant Ward is a good officer and I would regret to lose his services.

Respectfully,

JAMES GLYNN,

Captain.

