
pose of the writer. I sincerely trust you will find no imperative reasons of state to prevent your granting a relief that humanity pleads for.

Truly, yours,

REVERDY JOHNSON.

[Inclosure.]

BONNIE BRAE, October 9, 1861.

DEAR MR. JOHNSON: Your kindness induces me to ask you another favor. Very unfavorable symptoms have in the last few days manifested themselves in William May's case. His physician writes: "It is now only a question of days or weeks. " I beg of you to try and procure Mr. May's release on parole that he may be enabled to watch the last sad hours of his brother's life. I will pledge myself that he will abstain from all political conversation or correspondence till Congress meets. I understand Mr. Pierce Butler was released by signing a paper pledging himself to abstain from aiding the South, &amp;c. Now as Mr. May never had any such intention I can answer for his cheerfully signing such a contract. His brother is at present on his farm on the Eastern Shore. I think it will be necessary for him to be moved to Baltimore in a few days if he is able. If he remains on the Eastern Shore Henry would give his parole to remain there with him, Mr. May does not know how much worse William is. I fear to tell him unless I can at the same time carry him the news of his release. His heart has in times of affliction shown dangerous symptoms, and you may judge how distracted I feel at the idea of William's death occurring while he is under arrest and I not able to be with him. I beg you not to remember me as the greatest bore of your acquaintance.

Aid me in this and render me still more your sincerely obliged,

H. DE C. MAY.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 2, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: You will please release the Hon. Henry May, of Baltimore, from his parole*

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

Case of Daniel COry.

Daniel Cory, of Somerset County, N. J., was arrested by order of the Secretary of State dated September 14, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty, with denouncing the Government and fomenting disloyalty. It is shown by affidavits that he denounced President Lincoln as a tory and traitor who ought to be hung; he would like to put a bullet through him and said that the yellow- bellied Yankees who were going to fight the South outh to be shot and have their necks stretched. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 15, 1861, directing Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Cory on his taking the cath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter nor correspond

---------------

*No record further than this order of May's release can be found.

---------------

51 R R- SERIES II, VOL II

