
with the States in insurrection without permission from the Secretary of State, nor do any act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. He was accordingly released October 21, 1861- From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Case of Benjamin F. Longley.

The first information received at the Department of State concerning this man [B. F. Longley] was a letter dated Portland, September 5, 1861, directed to the Secretary of State from Jedediah Jewett, collector of that port, in which he says:

Mr. Benjamin, alias Benjamin F. Longley, formerly engaged in the express business in this city but of late connected with an express or forwarding company between Saint Louis and New Orleans has lately visited Lancaster, N. H., where he openly avowed his sympathy with those in rebellion against the Government of the United States. From incidental remarks made by him at Lancaster and the fact that he left there to meet a streamer at Quebec I infer that he is still engaged in forwarding goods or letters to the South.

He was arrested by order of the Secretary of State September 14, 1861, at Niagara Falls and committed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transferred to Fort Warren Boston Harbor. An order was issued form the Department of State dated November 25, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Longley on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating not to do certain acts. He was accordingly released November 28, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Case of James A. McMaster.

James A. McMaster, editor of The New York Freeman's Appeal, was arrested by order of the Secretary of State dated September 14, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with disloyalty and with editing a disloyal newspaper in New York City. An order was issued from the Deaprtment of State dated October 21, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release McMaster on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was accordingly released October 23, 1861. - From Record Book, State Deaprtment, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, September 13, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Inclosed you will please find a copy* of The Freemen's Appeal, published in this city by James A. McMaster. What is your opinion in regard to the arrest and confinement at Fort Lafayette of the said editor!

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

