
[Indorsement.]

Were sent to Fort Lafayette by the military authorities of Kentucky and it would be improper for me to intervernce without further knowledge of the facts than I now possess.

A. LINCOLN.

LOUISVILLE, September 24, 1861.

J. A. KASSON, Assistant Postmaster- General:

Intercede with the President for the release of R. T. Durrett from Fort Lafayette on his poor wife's account, who is in a very bad way.

Answer.

J. T. D. OSBORNE.

[Indorsement.]

Resepctfully referred to the President.

JOHN A. KASSON,

First Assistant Postmaster-General.

WASHINGTON, September 25, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

DEAR SIR: I deem it my duty to place in your hands the inclosed paragraph from the pen of Reuben T. Durrett, now confined as a traitor at Fort Lafayette, and whose release was asked for by a dispatch* from Louisville which reached you on yesterday. I would especially invite your attention toteh closing sentence of this treasonable declaration. The courier under this man's editorial management has done everything to incite the people of Kentucky to take up arms against the General Government. His arrest has rejoiced the hearts of the Union men, and his discahrge under the circumstances in which the State is placed would in my judgment be a fatal mistake. He will no doubt offer to take the oath of allegiance, but I express only the convictions of those who know him best when I say that he could take the oath if necessary on his knees, and would stab the Government the moment he rose to his feet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT.

[Inclosure.]

RTeuben Durrett, editor of The Louisville Courier and now in Fort Lafayette, is the author of the following paragraphs which appeared in the paper a few days before his arrest.

Decouncing what it styles the "neutrality of the last legislature" The Courier says:

It has jsubected the State justly to insult an invasion, and now leaves her on the verge of civil war. We know of but one way to avert this dire calamity now, if it be not now too late, and that is to adopt an honest and manly neutrality without any more sneaking and shuffling and contradictory conditions and reservations. But this can only be done by separating from the Northern Union. By this alone can Kentucky be exempted from contributions of men and money, from implication in embargoes, and all other belligerent measures. And we say she is under no obligation to remain in the Union, but under many to leave it. * * * The truth is that

---------------

*Osborne to Kasson preceding.

---------------

