
Sneed has none of the documentary evidence upon which Barr's arrest was predicated, but he tells me that on the 21st instant at Frankfort the U. S. court will examine this and other similar cases, and then that the accused will have a copy of the cahrges. As to Barr's family it is undoubtedly true that they are dependent upon Barr's exertins fort heir support. They are now at Humboldt, Tenn., and Barr's friends are making exertions to get them eitehr to La Grange, Ky., or to New Albany, Ind., at each of which places his family have friends who are anxious that Mrs. Barr and her children should come and stay with them for the present. They will undoubtedly be brought here as soon as arrangements can be completed to insure their safe conduct hiter. Mr. Casseday who is attending to tehese matters tells me that it is probable that The South will continue to Mrs. Barr that portion of the salary which they agreed to apy, and if so Mrs. Barr may get along comfortably so far as pecuniary considerartions are concerned for a while. Mr. Sneed thinks from what was represented to him at Barr's arrest that the chance of Barr's release is enteirly hopeless. He says thee evidence of his giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the United States is overwhelming, but that for particulars we must await the action of the grand jury of the U. S . court at Frankfort on the 21st instant. I am sorry that Barr seems to be thus involved, but from Sneed's represetnations, he may disabuse himself of the idea that he was arrested on acount of any of his general telgraphic news operations, however perverted or colored his dispatches may have been. I allude of course to the dispatches condensed from four Eastern reports. It is just possible something sent fom here may have been offesive to our Government. But Sneed thinks not and we cannot learn till the 21st.

Truly, yours,

GEORGE W. TYLER.

LOUISVILLE, October 10, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE.

DEAR SIR: The inclosed appeal to the President in behalf of R. T . Durrett, now a political prisoner at Fort Lafayette, has been sent me to sign and foward. The latter request I obey with pleasure, inclosig it to you. Since Mr. Durrett's arrest I have visited his fife and mother- in- law twice. Mrs. Durrett (Lizzie Btes) is in a truly pitiable condition; and her mothe's (Mrs. Caleb J. Bates) state is not much better. What is said in the appeal as to their patriotism is I believe entirely true. They are not only loyal in act and sentiment but deeply deplore the writing of the editorials in The Courier which caused Mr. Durrett's arrest. As to Durrett himself I believe that in the few days he was acting as one of the editors of The Courier he was more imprudent than wicked, a dacted worse than he thought. I am of this opinion from a conversation I had with him a few days before he undertook temprarily to assist a in the editorship of the paper. He then expressed much regret at the condition of the coutnry; said he hardly knew which side he was on, and dclared that so far as fighting was concerned he didn't intend to fight for either. I agree with the satement in the appeal to the President that "he is what would generally be called a harmless man," and I believe that his release on taking the oath would do good rather than harm to the Union cause in this part of the country.

