
Still I deem it proper as the appeal calls the President's attention to you individually that you should undertstand the nature and extent of Mr. Durrett's offense. Hence I inclose to you a copy of the affidavit referred to, and in a separate envelopoe papers containing the articles which Mr. Randal swars were the production of Mr. Durrett. These articles I mark. I also mark the article headed 'Once more," which Mr. Randal swars Mr. Durrett did not write. The writer of this is at large. If anyting of the sort is treasonable this certainly is. Mr. Randal knows who wrote it.

Resepctfully,

W. D. GALLAGHER.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The undersigned respectfully aks that the Executive clemency may be extended to Reuben T. Durrett, of Louisville, Ky., who is now imprisoned in FOrt Lafayette. Mr. Durrett was arrested as we understand because he was thought to be the editor of The Louisville Courier, a very offensive newspaper. But we are assured that he had not been the editor of the paper for about two years. He wrote some articles at the request of the editor who was absent which are certainly not such as we could justify in any manner; but the most objectinalbe and which were thought to be written by him we are assured by the affidavit of W. H. W. Randal, an employe in the printing office, were not written by him, and we are satisfeid that this is true. This newspaper was suppressed on the 19th of last month and it is not now in existencd. Mr. Durrett, as far as has ome to our knowledge, behaved himself well and rather modestly during the excited time of the spring and summer. He is not a man who is calculated to do such harm to the State as could require in any sense a military imprisonment. Indeed we look upon him as what would be generlly called a harmless amn. We are very sure his release can do no harm to the United States. His wife is a Union woman, her mother is a Union woman (Mrs. Bates, of Cincinnati), who has been working since the war commenced with her own fingers for the soldiers of the U. S. Army as a matter of aptriotism. Her son, Mrs. Durrett's only brother, is in tevolunteer service of the United States from Ohio. The worht of thiz family is well known to Mr. Secretry Chase.

GEO. D. PRNTICE.

HENTY PIRTLE.

HAMILTON POPE.

BLAND BLLARD.

C. B. MUIR.

W. F . BULLOCK.

JOS. DOLPH.

J. LEVIS.

JAMES GUTHRIE.

In ocnsideration of Mrs. Durrett's position and Mrs. Bates' patritism if Mr. Durrett will take the otah of allegiance I would most heartily beg the clemency of the President of the United States.

J. D. OSBORNE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

I, W. H. W. Randal, of the city of Louisville, Ky., at the earnest request of the wife and mother- in- law of R. T. Durrett, now understood

