
to be a political prisoner at Fort Lafayette in New York Harbor, made through a mutual friend, and also at the request of friends of the family in this city, depose and say that at the time of the suppression of the publication of The Louisville Courier newspaper on the mornign of the 19th of September, 1861, and for sme time pervious I was employed in the news room; that the said R. T. Durrett for a few days before the suppression of the said paper was acting as editor ad interim in the absence of the principal editor, Colonel McKee; that during thsoe few days the said Durrett wrote several of the political leaders, but not as is generally spposed the exceedingly offensive article headed "Once more" and published in the issuee of the 18th of September, the last number printed, which article was represented and is by me believed to have been written by another editorial assistant; that at the request of Mrs. Durrett made though a friend I have examined with some care the manuscripts of leading editorials published during the time that Mr. Durrett was acting as editor ad interim or assistnat and that I can adn do from recollection as well as from long and familiar acquaintance with his hand writing to the best of my knowledge and belief designate as articles written by the said Durrett one headed, "What we are coming to," published in the issue of the 18th of September; also one headed "Considerable excitement," in the same issue; one headed "A great outrage," in the issue for September 17, and one headed "Kentucky neutrality," in the issue for 16th of September; that so far as I remember or cn determine from an examination of manuscripts therse are the principal articles written for the paper by the said Durrett during the time that he was acting as ad interim or assistant editor, in September, 1861. I make the three issues of The Daily Courier above referred to a and cited a part of this deposition. And further this dot.

W. H. W. RANDAL.

Subscirbed and sworn to before me this 1st day of October, 1861.

J. M. STEPHENS,

Justice of the Peace, Jefferson COUnty.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 15, 1861.

MY DEAR HETTIE: I received your letter yesterday. Hallie and my babies are provided for, and I am content. I may need your assistance before the winter closes, and should I do so I will apply to you as freely as I would offer assistance to Frank did they carry him to the West. I have been prudent and conservative. I have violated no law. I have attended quietly but faithfully to my business- an honorable and legitimate business. I have been snatched from my house in the night. A writ of habeas corpus has followed me. I am here beyond the reach of law or liberty or juries. There remains but one outrgae- to cut my head off. I inclose you a leter whch I wish you to preserve for me. I may have need of it. Mr. Crig, of Ne York, writes that under the circumstances the New Orleans and other Southern editors will do what is necessary for the support of my family. "If not, you can draw on me. " God bless Mr. Criag. Write me about Fanie. Write me whenever you have leisure. I am lonesome.

Yours,

M. W. BARR.

