
LOUISVILLE, KY., October 25, 1861.

The PRESIDENT.

DEAR SIR: In my judgment the arrest of Governor Morehead has not been beneficial or prejudicial to the Union cause, although it has been made the pretense for many to leave the State. At the time the arrest was made the influential men of the State had taken their positions and I have discovered no change of setniment because of the arrest. The legislature since the arrest has passed the inclosed resolution and Generals Anderson and Sherman have issued the inclosed proclamation. If the governor had remained in the State and acquisced in its decision he would not have been subject to arrest or molestation. Many who after having returned and taken the oath remain undisturbed, not with- standing some of the m had joined the COnfederte Army. The governor's arrest and detention it seems tome should not deprive him of the benefit of the position taken by Kentucky.

You are aware that Governor Morehead enjoyed the confidence of the Whig party of the State in a very high degree, and that he ad many warm personal friends not only in its ranks but in the ranks of the Democracy, and that his property being situated in the South he was sensitive upon the question of hostility between the sections. His great personal popularity would have done the Union cause much damage in the State but for the fact that his party and his personal friends had taken their position. I am not aware of the cahrges against Governor Morehead, and write this on the predication that he was arrested and has been detained because of his sympathy with the South and his personal exertins to influence the State of Kentucky upon the subject. If this should be the case I submit that his release would be just and proper on his pledging his honor to abide by the position taken by Kentucky and not seek in any way to change it The governor, if he should give the pledge, would keep it, and his discharge would do the cause of the Unio in my opinion no harm.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES GUTHRIE.

[Inclosure.]

The policy of the State toward citizens who merely entertain disloyal opinions is prescribed distinctly and authoritatively and has been repeatedly set for the in full in our columns; yet in view of certain representations that have been made to us and considering the importance we ascribed to the subject we think it proper to set forth the policy anew. In doing this we shall repoduce without comment only the more explicit and emphatic of the authoritative declarations on the subject. The policy is defined and ordianed by the legislature of the State as follows:

Resolved, That in using the means which duty and honor require shall be used to expel the invaders from the soil of Kentucky no citizen shall be molested on account of is political opinions; that no citizen's property shall be taken or confiscated because of such opinions nor shall any slave be set free by any military commander, and that all peaceable citizens who remain at home and attend to their private business until legally called into the public service as well as their families are entitled to and shall receive the fullest protection of the Government in the enjoyment of their lives, their liberties and their property.

This resolution is the law of the land and has been so procalimed by the proepr authority. General Anderson on the hever of resigning his command of this military department issued the following order:

GENERAL ORDER, HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 5. Louisville, Ky., October 7, 1861.

The commanding geenral learns with deep regret that arrests are being made in some parts of the State upon the slightest and most trivial grounds. He desires the

