
forcible release. I file herwith as a part herof the warrant upon which I made the arrest of said Morehead. I regarded said Morehead, Barr and Durrett in my possession and under my control until I was divested of that possession by the military authorities of the United States.

A. H. SNEED,

U. S. Marshal for Kentucky District.

Sworn to in open court by A. H. Sneed, 24th of September, 1861.

CH. J. CLERKE,

Acting Clerk.

The following is the affidavit ad warrant of arrest referred to in the foergoing return:

THE STATE OF KENTUCKY, County of Jefferson:

This day A. H. Sneed made oath before me, a justice of the peace for said county, that Charles S. Morehead, of said county, has from information received by this affiant been guilty of the crime against the United States of America of aiding and abetting the enemies of said United States, now in open rebellion and making war aginst the same, and that said Charles S. Morehead has thereby been guilty of treason.

A. H. SNEED.

Subscribed andsworn to before me this 18th day of September, 1861.

JOS. CLEMENT,

Justice of the Peace, Jefferson County.

The following is the warrant of arrest, towit:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

State of Kentucky, County of Jefferson.

To the U. S. Marshal for the Kentucky District:

Whereas their are good grounds to believe that Charles S. Morehead, of said county and State, hass bee guilty of the crime of treason against the United States of America in feloniously aiding and abetting the enemies of said United States now in open rebellion and making war against said United States; you are therfore in the name of the United States of America and Commonwealth of Kentuky commanded forthwith to arrest the said CHarles S. Morehead and take him before the court having jurisdication of the offense with which he stands charged, to be dealt with accorivern under my hand as justice of the peace this 18th day of September, 1861.

JOS. CLEMENT,

Justice of the Peaqce of Jefferson County.

Upon which the marshal made the following return, towit:

Executed by arresting the within- named Charles S. Morehead, September 19, 1861.

A. H. SNEED,

U. S . Marshal for Kentucky District.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Kentucky District:

I, John A. Monroe, clerk of the eighth circuit of the United States of America for the Kentcuky district, at Louisville, do hereby certify that the preceding eight pages cotnain a full and complete transcript of the record and proceedings had in the ex parte matter therin stated as the same now remains of record in said court.

In witnes whereof I have hereto subscribed my name and affixed the seal of said court at Louisville this 11th day of November, 1861, and in the eighty- sixth year of our Independence.

JNO A. MONROE,

Clerk.

By CH. J. CLARKE,

Acting Deputy. .

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, District of Kentucky, Louisville:

I, John Catron, associate justirce of the Supreme Court of the United States of America, and presiding judge of theeighth circuit, Kentucky district, do hereby certify that John A. Monroe is the clerk of said courty, duly appointed and qualified, and that his aforegoing attestation is in due form of law, and that he is by law the keeper of the seal of said court.

Givern under my hand atLouisville aforesaid thies 11th day of November, 1861.

J. CATRON.

52 R R- SERIES II, VOL II

