
CLERK'S OFFICE OF THE COURT OF APPEALS,

Frankfort, Ky., November 12, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

DEAR SIR: I understand that efforts are being quietly made by Governor Morehead's friends in the Union ranks to have him released. I most sincerely hope they will not succeed. I do not know what tangible proof you have agaisnt him, but I know him well. The most specious, plausible, dangerous of all our Kentucky traitors. A traitor to his country, his native State, his party and hs confiding friends. He scattered the eveil seed of treason broadcast throught he South by his false statmeents in public speeches as to the loyalty of Kentucky. If he did not advise he stimulated the invasion of Kentucky by his misrepresetnations. I have no sympathy for such men, honored too as he has been by Kentucky. Thank God I have neither son nor son- in- law in the rebel army. My two older brotehrs and all their sons too are loyal.

Very resepctfdully,

LESLIE COOMBS.

[Indorsemernt.]

[Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.]

GOVERNOR: The President desires me to send you the within protest of General Coombs against the liberation of Governor Moregead.

Resepctfully,

JOHN HAY.

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 12, 1861.

A. L. SHOTWELL, Esq.

DEAR SIR: At a circuit court of the United States fort the district of Kentucky held in the city of Louisville inthemonth of September last a grand jury was summoned and sworn, and I was designated by the judge as foreman therof, which was in session ten days, and during that time many witnesses were examined each day and during the whole of the examination not a solitary imputation or cahrge was made against ex- Governor Charles S. Morehead, of Kentucky, now held as a political prisoner in the harbor of BOston, Mass.

Resepctfully,

G. W . MERIWETHER.

NOVEMBER 13, 1861.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, District of Kentucky, to wit:

I, Bland Ballard, distirct judge of the United States for Kentucky distirct, stte that I was present ad presided at the late temr of the circuit court of the United States held at Frankfort, Ky., and was present when all the indictments were rewturned by the grnd jury, and that no indictment was returned against ex- Governor Charles S. Morhead. I further state that I heqard of no cahrge aginst Governor Morehead, and that said coufrt at Franfkort was held since his arrest.

BLAND BALLARD.

LOUISVILLE, November 13, 1861.

GEORGE D. PRENTICE, Esq., Washington City.

DEAR SIR: Understanding that a copy of the proceedings in the U. S . court in relation to the arrest and imprisonment of Governor

