
C. S. Morehead will be sent you to lay before the President and Secretary of State at Washingtonw ith the letter of Mr. Guthrie, &amp;c., we, the undersigned, being ourselves Uon men and having acquainted ourselves withthe circumstances have come to the conclusion that the release of Governor Morehead on his parole of honor to abide by and conform to the position whichthis State has assumnd so long as he remained in this State [sic]. We know his interest is so deeply affected by the disruption of the Union and no man would find himself so benefited by a reconstruciton as Governor Morehead. We believe that injury to Union cause inKentucky is being produced bythe detaining of Govrnor Morehead in a distant State when there are no charges made or proposed to be made by those who advised his arrest and remaoval from Kentucky, and tgherfore hope you will have thies matter so presented as to procure the prompt release of Governor Morehead before you leave Washington.

With much regard, yours, &c.,

VIRGIL McKNIGHT.

W. E. EWING.

ISAAC EVERETT.

NEW YORK, November 22, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistatn Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: Having just returned from Fort Warren I hasten to write a note in relation to Governor C. S. Morehead, of Kentucky, because I see that there is on foot a movembent in favor of his rlease.

Mr. Morehead excluded himself from the category of prisoners whose cases I would be called upon to examine with care by taking the position that he coudl not take the oath of allegiance. Taking that ground I haveheld to be evidence that a man was disloyal. The governor asserts that he is and always has been a Union man; that his arrest was not warranted by law or policy and that it was a grand political mistake, having done great mischief, &c. All that is past. What to do with him now is the question.

The real reason why his devotion to the Union has always been upon conditions and hampered with impossible terms consits in the fact that he is the owner of cotton prperty in the South valued while "cotton was king" at $400,000. Of this property a large portion (say 180 negroes) is in the codnition of persoanl estate within the reach of the COnfederate power. Under these circumstances Mr. Morhead may if rleased possibly be a wquiet non- combatant but he cannot be loyal until the authority of the Untied States is established in the State where his property is.

What struck me most in his cse was the state of embittered and exasperated feeling growing out of his arrest. If he should go back to Kentucky wherde he is influential it would be to make unrelenting war upon those who have been the cause of his arrest. In Kentucky I fear he would do mischief. If he is set at liberty I think he would go to his estates in the South. There he would do less harm than elsewhere out of prison. If the regbel authorities value himhe would be available as an exchange. Whether they do value him I have no menas of judging. I wish by this to direct attentio to the probable mishcief of so managing his case as to allow him to be at large inKentucky during the exposed condition of that State.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

S. C. HAWLEY.

