
with persons residing in those States without permission from the Seceretary of State, and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So heklp me God.

R. T. DURRETT.

Subscribed and sworn to this 9th day of December, A. D. 1861, before me at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel Second Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding post.

DEAPRTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 30, 1861.

Colonel J. DIMICK, Fort Warren, BOston.

SIR: Let W. S. [M. W.] Barr, a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette, be released on taking theoath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whateverwith persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that he will not do anythign hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. You will please make the stipulatins a part of the oath. I traqnsmit his order to John S. Keyes, esq., U. S . marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggge of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWRD,

Assistant Secretary.

NATIONAL HOTEL, [Washington,] December 31, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: Having already had the honor of speaking with you on the case of the Honorable C. S. Morehead,in Fort Warren by order of the Government, Ihave no intentin of troubling you here with any discussion of its merits. I wish only to submit some suggestions in hs behalf and to leave them to your own consideration.

Since Mr. Morhead'; s arrest inKentucky two sessions of the Federl court have been held in that State, the one at Frankfort, the other at Louisville. At both extensive inquiries were made by grand juries impaneled for the purpose of treasonable and toerh offenses against the United States, and many indictments were found. Though the arrest of mr. Morehead was notorious and must have turned the attention of those juries to him yet they found nothing against him. He protests his innocence of any offense agianst the UntedStates and nothing has appeared to contradict his assertion. He is in possession of a large estate in the South, but it is under embarrassments ad incumbrances that will in all probability onsume it without his persoanl attetnion and exertions. His family, and especially his wife, is in deepest distress. He has already suffered a wearisome and painful imprisonment. Everything around him is of a character to make further imprisonment peculiarly clamitous to him. / He informs me and I haveno doubt truly that his condition requires a surgicla operation that cannot be so well sumitted to in a prison.

