
He is of course most anxious to be released from his imprisonment; but anxious as he is he had rather suffermore than to otain it by taking an oath of allegiance to the United States, because thereby he would in all lprobability cause the confiscation of his estate in the South. But he is willing if it is required togive his parole to take no part in the presetn rebellion or war. This would be adding his word of honor to the oath of allegiance that he has often [taken] as Member of Congress and as governor of Kentucky. Ihave myself but little confidence in terms made under such circumstances. The faithless will make any effort for their liberation. The honorable man would peobably feel the obligation imposed on him by an unconditinal discahrge more effectaully and usefully than he would any terms that might be exacted from him. Mr. Morehead I think is one of those upon whom themost liberal and conciding treatmetn would have themost and best effect.

I hope that you will consider it proper to exact if anything no more than his parole as the condition of his leeration. But I this cannot be ganted to him then I ask in his behalf that he may onhis parole be permitted to spend the winter inNew York where the surgiacla operation before alluded to czn be better attneded to. Rather than stay in prison Mr. Morhead would even agree to banish himself to Europe if the Government will grant him his liberty o terms no less onerous.

I regret that this letter is so long, but I beg you to read it and to notify me of your decision as early as possible.

I have the onor to be, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

J. J. CRITTENDEN.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Wshington, January 2, 1862.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Hamilton, N. Y.

COLONEL: Your are authorized to discahrge C. S . Morehead, a political prisoner at Fort Lafayett, uponhis giving his parole inwriting that he willnot enter the State of Kentucky or any other State wherere an insurrection may exist against the Governmet otes and that he will do no act and enter into no correspondence adverse to the authority of the Governmet, and that he will hold himself at the disposition of the Secretary of State of the United States until othewise directed.

I a, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, January 3, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, W	ashington, D. C.

SIR: I received your letter dated State Deaprtment, Wshinton, Juanury 2, 1862, directing the discahrge of C. S. Morehead. I thought it would facilitate your object to transmit the same direct to Colonel Dimick, the commanding officer of Fort Warren, the post to which the prisoner was transferred on the 29th of October in obedience to your orders to that effect. Ihave accordingly done so and hope it will meet your approbation.

Very respectully, our obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

