
FORT WARREN, January 9, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I was arrested in Louisville, Ky., on the 19th of September and have been a prisoner since. I was acting as telegraphic correspondent of the New Orleans Associated Press when arrested andam a pracicl tlegrapher. My release has been tendered me on condition of my taking an oath. For reasons aside from political considerations I do not deem it to my interest to take the oath. There are doubtless persons in the South particularly among telegraphic experts who would gladly come North if they had an opportunity to do so. You are aware that telegraphic implements as well as experts are contraband. I would gladly be sent South under any parole proper under the circumstances, the parole to the binding until I have sent North in exchange a person satisfactory to your Department.

Very respectfully,

M. W. BARR.

FORT WARREN, January 9, 1862.

Honorable ROBERT MALLORY, Member of Congress.

MY DEAR SIR: I have to- day written to Mr. Seward ad also to Mr. Critte den. I wish to be allowed to go South and send North some disaffected telegrapher in exchange. You are aware that that class of persons are not allowed to enlist and I think are not allowed to leave. I might be allowed to go under a special parole. I had hopes of being taken home for trial but am losing hope. I cannot for r easons which will readily suggest themselves to a high- minded gentleman take the otah, and a parole without the privilege of going South would throw me on the orld without employment. I am indebted to you for many kind words and feel assured you will add to my obligations by aiding me in this matter. YOu are aware that I am without menas and prison rations are ruiningmy health. In the name of my wife whom I know you love I appeal to you to have me sent South. Please answer.

Very respectfully,

M. W. BARR.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, Janaury 10, 1862.

J. J. CRITTENDEN, National Hotel, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I ask your pardon for omitting to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 31st ultimo on the subject of Governor Morehead. My intention was to have acknwledged it at once, but handing it to a clerk with directions to prepare an order for the rel3ease of the govdrnor the letter was not returned to me, and accidentally through pressing avocations escaped my attention. The gover o's release was not accompanied by a condition requiring him to take the oath of allegiance to the United States.

I have the honor to remain, dear isr, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

HOUSE OF REPRESETNATIVES, January 28, 1862/

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have ht honor to request you to furnish a passport to Richmond, Va., to Mrs. Julia Nicholas Johnston, of Louisville, Ky. She

