
wishes to joinher husband, Mr. James Johnston, who resides in Richmond. She informs me that she is willing to take any oath that may be presented.

I also inclose a letter fromM. W. Barr, a prisoner in Fort W 	arren, asking that he be allowed to go South and obtain some person willing to be exchanged for him. He is an expert in tlegraphing, and acting in that capacity in Louisville, Ky., in the interest of the so- called COfederate States of Americxa subjectedhimself to arrest. I regard him as worhless and his detentiona useless expense to the Govnermnt; and whther he obtains an exchange or not should be released. I ask this of the Secretary of State. If a opassport be grnted to Mrs. Johnston I wish it inclosed to Major Carey H. Fry, U. S . Army, Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. MALLORY.

[Indorsement.]

Acknowledge and tell him Colonel Dimick has been directed to release him on taking oath of allegiance.

[Inclosure.]

FORT WARREN, January 25, 1862.

Honorable ROBET MALLORY.

DEAR SIR: I wrote you some two weeks since in reference to being sent South in search of some peoper person to be exchanged. On the same date I addressed Mr. Seward and Mr. Crittenden. Will you please answer whether there is any prospect of success in this applicaion!

Veryr espectfully,

M. W. BARR.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, Jaunary 2, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren.

SIR: Let M. W. Barr, a prisoner confined in FOrt Warren, be released on tkin the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipultng that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrectin against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also thathe will not do anything hosile to the United States during the present insurrection.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistatn Secretary.

FORT WARREN, January 31, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: Some time since I troubled you with a letter asking to be allowed to go South in search of a tlegraph operator or newpaper reporter or other person with whom your Department would be satisfied as an exchange. To- day I have again been tendered my release on condition of taking the oath. In the hope that by some mistake thee oath has been sent instead of the parole I take the liberty of torubling you again. If impossible to allow me to go South can you consistently allow me to go to Canada to remain during the war!

Very respectfully,

M. W. BARR.

