
WAR DEAPRTMENT, Washington, March 19, 1862.

CHARLES S. MORHEAD.

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to discharge you from the condiditions of the parole given by you at the time of your relesase from Fort Warren.

Very respectfully, yo8rs,

E. D. WEBSTER.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

NEW ORLEANS, Jaunuary 24, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMI, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

The undersigned composing the Associated Press of New Orleans desire to represent that M. W. Barr, who resided in Louisville, Ky., and who was the tlegrapphic agent of the Associated Press fort he Southern States has been arrested in Louisville whilst in the performance of his duty and is now incarcertatedin Fort Warren. No caharge has been made by the United States Government against Mr. Barr and he was arrested solely in consequence of his zeal in the cause of the independence of the Southern Confederacy. Mr. Barr has a large family who are depaendent upon him for their support . His usefulness to the press of the Confederate States as a telgraphic operator cannot be exaggerated. We beg that you will exert your influence to have Mr. Barr liberated and resorted to his family and to his country.

Resepctfully submitted.

HENRY J. LEON,

Of The Delta.

J. V. R. ADAMS,

Of The Crescent.

WM. J. SEYMOUR,

Of The Bultetin.

JOHN MAGINNIS,

Of The True Delta.

G. P. WUSSEE &amp; CO.,

Of The New Orleans Bee.

A. M. HOLBROOK,

Of The Picayune.

Cases of Messrs. Gilchrist, Haig and Wayatt.

William Gilchrist was arrested by order of the Secretry of State September 20, 1861, in Philadelphia, Pa., and committed to FOrt Lafayette and from thence transferred to FOrt Warren, Boston Harbor. Gilchrist was charged with having been an agent of the rebels, supplying them with contraband goods, caps, primers, surgical instruments, &c. The evidence of his guilt was contained in afidavits made by L. . C Baker, Governmet detective, who representing himself to be an agent of the Southern Confedercy drew from Gilchrist statements to the effect that for nearly three months he had been purchasing cotraband goods and shipping them to one Haig at Baltimore to be forewarded to the Cofnederate States; knew all goods so purcahsed and forwarded to Haig had been trasnsmitted to said States; that he pointed out several large boxes which he said con tained cannon primers, percussion caps, surgiacal instruments, &c., purchased for said Haig. Letters to and

