
from Gilchrist [were found] showing his uspicious dealings with Haig and others inwar materials. An order was issued from the Department of State dated November 2, 1861, direting Colonel DImick to release Gilchrist from custody at Fort Warren, he having beenindiccted in the U. S . district court for treason at Philadelphia, Pa. He was accordingly released from Fort Warren, and taken into custody by the civil authorities under the indictment aforementioned.

James M. Haig was arrested by order of the Secretary of State Spetember 21, 1861, in Philadelphia, Pa., and committed to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with having beenan agent of the rebels, supplying them with contraband goods, caps, primerz, surgical instruments, &amp;c. The evidence of his guilt was contained in the affidavit of L. C. Baker, Government detective, who representing himself to be an agent of the Southern Confedercy drew from one Gilchrrist who was onferned with Haig statements that for nearly three months he (Gilchrist) had been purcahsing contrabapping them to Haig at Baltimore to be forwarded to the Confederate States. Numerous letters to and from Haing support the above- mentioned evidence and show his suspicious dealings in war materials. An order was issued fromteh Deartment of State deated October 26, 1861, directing Marsahl Robert Murray to release Haig on the ground of insanity and to deliver him to his friends in New York. Afterfard Haig having recovered fromhis insanity and having applied to be finally released from custody an order was issued from the Department of State dated December 9, 1861, direting General John A. Dix to release him on his taking the oath of allegiance and giving his parole of honor to do no hostile act.

This man [Felix Wyatt] was arrested by order of the Secretary of State September 21, 1861, in Philadelphia, Pa., and committed to Fort Lafayette and from thence transf3ered to Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. He was charged with having been an agent of the rebels, supplying them with contraband goods, caps, tlergraph wire, &c. The evidence of his guilt was contained in the correspondence, bills and memoranda found on his person and premises showing his negotiations for tlegraph wire, 6, 12 and 24 pound shot, &c; also showing his connection with certainparties named Haig and Gilchrist in suspicius dealings in war materials. The said Felix Wyatt remained in custody at Fort Warren Febrauary 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Deaprtment. - From Record Book, State Deaprtment, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

OFFICE CHIEF DETECTIVE, DEPARTMENT OF POLICE,

Philadelphia, September 19, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR:

* * * *

Mr. Baker and myself are now busy in working up the case of the cannon primers I seized some time since consigned to Baltimore. We arrested one of the parties this afternoon, a Mr. Hawig, and expect to arrest Gilchrist and Wyatt to- morrow morning, Haig's confederates, and will then seize the caps and instruments amounting to several thousand dollars in value and will thereafterake a full report of our proceeding to you.

B. F[RANKLIN.]

