
and run the blockade. Geroge Law, of New York, isin this enterprise. If we can keep the fact of the arest of the Philadelphia partners quiet for a few days I am confident we can arrest many more. Baltimore seems to be the foutain head of the enterprise. Messrs. Johnston Bros. &amp;Co., bankers of Baltimore, are deeply implicated. They hold a pass from the Sefretary of War which enables them to pass to and fro whenver they think proper. THis statement I have from Haig and otehrs. We have the most damning proof against the parties now under arrest, having found all their correspondence. I will forward a full statement as soon as time will permit.

Very respectfully, yours,

L. C . BAKER.

BALTIMORE, September 26, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: Pardon the liberty of an utter stranger in addressing you a few line es. My only excuse is a deep- seated, earest feeling in behalf of my beloved country. My only object is to give correct information andmake a timely warning. I observe by the puyblic prints that James M. Haig, a resident of this city, has been arrezssted in Philadelphia and transferred to FOrt Lafayette charged with treason and rendering aid and comfort to the rebels att the same time he was representing himself a loyal citizen and had a contract with the Government for furnishing hay. I desire to cauution you particularly in reference to this man Haig. He is one of the msot consummate scoudrels to be found in the whole coutnry, and I wish to say to you do not take any statmetns whatever in refernce to this man's innocence or in mitigation of his offense and thereby grant himhis liberty agaig. Now that you have him hold on to him. No oath of allegiance made by him would be worht one straw. There is abundance of testimony gainst him, and a vast number of the peo0ple of this city would not believe him on his oath. I sate this to show the folly of granting him his liberty by his taking the oat of allegiance to our Government. As efforts are being made by somefriends of his to obtain for him his liberty let me caution you to listen to no r3easons they may offer, no representations they may make whatever, but as you have the scoundrel hold on to im until the end of our unfortunate troubles and then deal with him as he deserves. In conclusion pardonthe liberty I have taken in addressing you these few lines. Continue the good work in the city of Bltimore until every rebel has received hi sjust deserts and made to feel as they deservet he fruits of their ignominious doings.

With sentiments of the highest esteem, I am, my dear sir, very truly, your obedient se rvant,

H. G. WILSON.

FORT LAFAYETTE, September 30, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: I desire to call your attentiont o my case of imprisonment. I was arrested on the 20th instant in Philadelphia without warrant and incarceated here without a shadow of charge and certainly without being guilty of any crime againstt he Govenrmnet or any infringement of the laws of the United States. I most earnestly beg

