
My suspiciouns were aroused by the amount that was said to be needed and the cartainty of such a large amount ofmoney being fortcoming and yet some delays in getting a mere percentage- $200,000 being named and $500 hard to get; also from some memoranda of names, &amp;c., being shown me hailing from Saint Mary's, which I supposed but did not then know was on the Chesapeake. I immediately determined in place of utterly refusing, which I should have done, that the best way I could serve the country of my wife and children was to appear to fall into the plan, get all knowledge of its ramifications for the Government's use, and I set aboaut itin what I thought was the best way, but which eventuated most unfortunately for me.

Third. A freind procured for me a letter of introduction to Mr. Cmeron, Secretary of War, from Collector Thomas, of Philadelphia. I tried to get other letters to him, but concluded that as my business was secret the less noise I made about it the better, so did not try very hard. I proceeded to Washingtonand called at the War Office; caould not obtain an interview but weas referred by Mr. Scott to General McClellan. Captain Williams, his aide, received me and heard my story. He seemed pleased andinterested and spoke encouragingly, and requested me to put it in writing which I did, expressing the desire that I might be allowed to encurage the trade through this channedl under full knowledge of the Government, and suggesting as one eans that I be allowed to furnish a large order of caps and cnnon primers made on purpose, utterly worthless, whichcould easily have been done, offering my services as the Government's secret agent and suggesting that I should want at least one aid. I returned home and waited some time fora reply. After some days' delay Captain Williams wrote to me (which letter is doubtless among my papers) that the Government had instituted a secret- service deaprtmet under the head of General Porter and asking permission to ha and my letter over to him, which I immediately assented to. Captain Wiliams in our conversation recognzed the delicacy of my proposed operations and the necessity that might arise of my actually operating some.

Fourth. It was some few weeks adfter this that not hearing from General Porter and being forced to keep up the correspondence and promise of buying goods, that I procured a letter of introduction from General Curran, of Illinois, to Mr. Nicolay, the President's private secretary, to same end. I forwarded this by mail and waited anxiously for a reply which after at least a week's delay reached me stating that my letter, &c., had been handed over toGeneral Porter.

Fifth. Just about now some moere goods were wanted andmoneny put in my hands to purchase same ($900), and I was bothered to know how to act. I succeeded in persuading my princiapl that such goods would be unsafe in Bltimore and suggesting that Philadelphia was the best depot, which agreed with his wishes and plans; being about to undertake some hay contract with the OGvernment so I did not hesitate to spend that money and put the goods in my loft. I intended to write to Gewneral Porter as soon as I had the goods in my loft. I intneded to write to General porter as soon as I had the goods referring to my former action above named, and informinghim of the goods I had on hand and ask instructions.

Sixth. On my way down to the Mercantile Library to read the afternoon papers I noticed for the first time the sign of U. S . marshal. I was ashamed and surprised that I had nvever thought of this officer before and that I had been unwise enough to go to Washington when I might have staid home. I called on him early next morning and showed him the oly credential I had (Captain Williams' letter), and

