
explained what Ihad to say. He said that I was just in time; that I had been informed on and that he was he would protect me, &amp;c. That evening I received the goods above named and the next morning called at Mr. Millward's house before 8 o'clock and informed him of the fact and in the course of the day showed him the goods, where they laid until the day of my arrest some two weeks perhaps, and perhaps are there yet. The total value of these goods is less than $800 and is reported in the newspapers at $10,000. From that time up to my arrest I reported everything to Mr. Millward, and during his absence to Mr. Franklin as per his request. I proposed a plan to him which involved my going to Richmond and which certainly would have resulted in the discovery of the secret agents of the enemy in Philadelphia and New York and the attaching of certainly a very large amount of money, all of which he has doubtless reported to you. The risk I incurred if discovered in Richmond was certain death, but so confident of success was I that I cheerfully accepted it.

Seventh. The arrests of others that are here have been caused I doubt not by my communication to Captain Williams and my information to Marshal Millward. The plan adopted by the man Baker who decoyed Mr. Haig by the promise of $50,000 of profit w asw all based on my information, and was grossly mismanaged by hm ad Mr. Franklin, who evidently desire a reputation for ability they do not possess.

Eighth. For the truth of all these statements, without calling particular attention of any one to any one part, I beg to refer to Assistant Secretary of Wade Scott; Captain Williams, aide to General McClellan; Mr. Nicolay, His Excellency the President's private secretary; Rev. George Collins, Baxter's Fire Zouaves, all in Washington; to Mr. Robert Wade, William Knight and Edwin Clinton, merchants of Philadelphia; also to Mr. Kettle, 802 North Nineteenth street, Philadelphia, and my wife. None may perhaps know of this plan in detail (in fact none do) except Captain Williams and Marshal Millward has Millward, but each will be able on reading this to point out cn corroborate.

Ninth. Marshal Millward has hinted a complaint that I was not acting fairly by him, but has not specified; but Mr. Franklin complains that I sent down a box of cannon primers to Baltimore the day before I called on Marshal Millward. This is true; but, first, I had, as Captain Williams and I talker it, to appear to fall into the business; second, I sent the goods to a new and wealthy house, F. W. Bennett & Co., who might be the enemy' agent; third, I could and would have telegraphed the Government in time to prevent their leaving Baltimore. Such was my intention if I failed to have Mr. Haig order them back; and fourth, I persuaded him to so order them back the first thing next morning and it was done. I sent the box to Adams Express under a fictitious name which Mr. Franklin complains of, but this was done to show my principal how cautions I was, for with my supposed relations with the Government there was surely no such necessity and doubtless any other seemingly disloyal acts are as easily explained.

Tenth. As I have never been a naturalized or voted my opinions on the questions of the day can be of but little importance. I should have more contempt for an American who would forswear his country that for any other man, but for any men to do so is in my opinion on a par with forswearing one's mother. I have no great faith in republican institutions being very much an admirer of Alison as expressed in his History or Europe. Consequently my notions of political economy are anti- American, yet as a resident here, as the husband of a Yankee wife and father of American children I have never known a disloyal feeling to the

