
Government and expecting to suspend my days under it have been ready and willing to do my share toward its support. I offered it my son as a petty officer in the navy or assistant surgeon in the army for both of which he is competent, and had I seen an opening for my services would gladly have offered them. I have never wanted in love and loyalty to the Government, only faith that it was fit for mortals. Between the North and the South I have thought that the rebels had the best of the letter of the law and the North of the spirit, and I have not complained that our Government did not use stronger means and put the whole land under martial law. My residence here has strengthened that regret. I declare solemnly before God, my maker, that all above stated is true and that I never meant to help the enemy the value of a wish and would be happy to swear to the truth of all here stated.

Eleventh. I am willing and desire to serve the Government. I am reputed to be and (without egotism) am very smart and intelligent. I would not be willing to enter the ranks of the army for I could not support my family at it. I have had some military experience and been under fire in Canada during the rebellion over twenty years ago, and every one who knows me will say that I am cool, brave and accustomed to manage men. I have an idea that I can now be turned to large advantage of the Government in consequence of this imprisonment and would court a chance of personally explaining. My wife's brother is General Cox, of the Kanawha division, under whom with a Colonel Baxter, of Philadelphia Fire Zouaves, I would like to be it in a military capacity. I ask the liberty of reporting myself at Washington and in half an hour's conversation I pledge myself to prove my innocence and to suggest an employment and a duty that you will certainly desire me to perform. If not, your wish that I shall remain at Fort Lafayette shall be my law. I beg to repeat that my companions being here is my most painful thought.

May I beg an intimation of your intentions toward me. I have aimed to say no unnecessary word and this is as short as I can write. My family, used to be comfortably taken care of, are penniless almost and unprotected. I can't believe your design is to inflict unnecessary injury and regret the trouble my inexperience has undoubtedly already given you and pray for the success of your cause.

Respectfully,

WILLIAM GILCHRIST.

P. S. - I understand that my friend Mr. Wyatt's friends have proceeded to Washington with good prospects of effecting his release. The officers in Philadelphia made unnecessary remarks to him implicating me in his arrest. May I beg that you will order that such information as I have furnished may be confidential, so that I may have no enemy unnecessarily made.

W. G.

FORT McHENRY, Octobver 2, 1861.

[Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.]

MY DEAR SIR: Mrs. Haig, the wife of Mr. Haig who is incarcerated at Fort Lafayette, is desirous of seeing you in regard to her husband, who was arrested for carrying on a trade in contraband artiles with the Confederate States. There is no doubt of the fact, as several lots of valuable goods have been taken and confiscated. I suppose the

