
refuse the commission and oredered goods to the vlue of about $2,400. For reasons which appear heregafter I never filled this order or received the goods. I immediately procured a letter of intoducgion to Secretary of War Cameron and went to Washington to see him; could not but was referred to General McClellan whose aide, Captain d me and heard my story and my offer to enter the secret service of the United States in this matter looking to the encouraaging of the Confederate supplies being ordered through me and my agents by which I intended to protect Mr. Haig. Captain Williams gave me an audience of over an hour; was pleased with my suggestions, acknowldedged the imprtance of the movement, &amp;c., and requested me to reduce all to writin which I did in a lett4r to him and left for home. After waiting quiet some time I received letter from Captain Williams stating that General Porter and been appointed chief of a secret service deaprtmetn and asking permission to hand my letter over to him which I by return mail acceded to. I received no word from General Porter, in consequence of which I got rid of the filling of the $2,400 [order for] goods above named. I made one ore attempt to get at the Government by getting a letter of introduction to Mr. Nicolay, the President's private secretary. I forwarded the same to him by mail saying what I wished and after perhaps a week's delay received answer fromhim that he had hnded my letter, &c., to General Porter with his recommendation, and here my efforts to get service fromWashington ceased, still being in daily expectation of hearing from General Porter. Again I was asked by same party to buy more goods, and acting under Captain Williams' advice I still held on and then called on the U. S. marshal in Philadelphia, telling him all up to then and asking his advice. He astonished me by saying that I hadbeen informed onm; that he was glad I had called and that he would protect me; to go ahead an buy the goods, keeping him advised of all. Consequently I bought about $700 or $800 worth of goods, put them in my loft, and as they came in immediately informed him, showed bills, &c. This is the amount of goods reported in The Herald as of value of $10,00. Marshal Millward entered into our pla s, but here another actor came on in person of Mr. Benjamin Franklin, Philadelphia city detectingindependent of the nited States. He calimed that he was after me and conjointly with Mrshal Millward etered into our confidence. This $700 or $800 of goods I of course held in Philadelphia, having satisfied Mr. Haig to that end.

At this time, perhaps two weeks, after my calling on Marshal Millward, a Government deteictive called Munson, alias Baker, went to Baltimore and under the former name sent for Mr. Haig to call on him at Brnum's Hotel. He called and then was offered $50,000 for buying $200,000 of army goods for the Confederates, showing as his credentials letters from several of the Southern dignitaries. Mr. Haig fell into his trap and came on with him to Philadelphia; called on me and I agreed to buy what goods he wanted up to $200,000 and forward same to Philadelphia, no more, for $1,000. He left me with that bargain to call with this detective on a friend who knew the signers of these credentials and did not again call on me. The next mornign the same detective called on me adnd introduced himself as Mr. Munson for whom I was to buy goods, and showed me credentials which I did not read further than to see they were signed by R. Toombs, Walker and otehrs whose names only were familiar. I declined acting as his or their agent; said I was etained by Mr. Haig and no higher commission

