
person or among the baggage of the prisoners James M. Haig, William Gilchrist and Wyatt.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient srvant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT LAFAYETTE, October 16, 1861.

Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Commanding Fort Hamilton.

DEAR SIR: Since my incarcerationhere your course toward me and those who have called to inquire about me has been amrlked with great courtesy and kindness. I pray you accept my thanks. I desire a favor at your hands which if not incompatible with your duty I beg that you will grant. I wish a copy (exact) of my committal handed you on the 20th ultimo by Deputy U. S. Marshl Jenkins.

Your attention will bolige your most opbedient servant,

F. WYATT.

PHILADELPHIA, October 17, 1861.

Hon WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Yours of 126th instant has been received in relation to the papers, &amp;c., of GIlchrist, Wyatt and Hig. Ihave sent them per post (as directed) in Wyatt's trunk, the key of which is inclosed in this letter. I have also nine cases (about a dray load) of cannon primers, percussion- caps and surgical instruments taken from the loft of the building in which Gilchrist had his office.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. MILLWARD,

U. S. Marshal.

WASHINGTON, October 17, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

Your petitioner, Thomas H. Maddox, of said city, had been requested by James M. Haig, of Baltimore, and by F. Wyatt, of Philadelphia, now confined as prisoners at Fot Lafayette, in the harbor of New York, and fully authorized by them respectively to present to the GOvnerment their application for a release, and in pursuance threof he makes the following statment in their names:

Said Haig is a mercahnt in said city of Baltimore and as such dealt extnsively for vaious articles in his line of business with merchants and otehrs in Philadelphia among whom was included said Wyatt. On a visit of business to Philadelphia in Seoptember last he was engaged in making vaious selections and purchases of stock and was engaged in the same with said Wyatt when they were both arrested and ordered into confinement as above stated. They were not informed of the cause of the arrest and can only conjecture that it was based on a belief that the stock negotiated between them for transportation to Bltimore by said Haig was intended ultimately to be sent for sale into some one of the seceded States. Said Wyatt declares that he knew of no such design on the part of Haig and that he does not believe any such design existed. Said Haig for himself declares that he is entierly innocent of any such intention, and avers that all and every article whichhe purchasex or designed purchasing was solely intended for the Maryland maket in his usual course of business at Baltimore.

