
They appeal to the justice of the GOvernmetn as well as toits lenity. They are men of families who need their protectinand presence. They are engaged in business anda re suffering heavy losses andinuuries by being thus cut off from its amnagement. They are innocent of all offense against the law. They are willing to show theuir loyalty to the Government by taking the oath of allegiance and by giving their parole. They respectfully petition to be released from confinement.

T. H. MADDOX,

Counsel for Petitioners.

FORT LAFAYETTE, Octobver 20, 1861.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United Stes, Washngton, D. .

MR. PRESIDENT: I desire most respectfully to call your attention to my imprisonment and geg most earnestly your kind consideration of my case. On the 20th of September (one month to- day) I was arrested in Philadelphia and without notice taken from my family and brought here and incarcerated. By this procedure I was deprived of a situation by which I was enabled to support my family, who are left entirely without menas and at the mery of a cold and ucharitable world, having no relations to whom they could look in an emergency like this for support.

On the day of my arrest I asked permission to procure counsel which was refused me, and on making inquiry as to the cause of my arrest was informed that I was arrested on suspicion and would beheld prisoner upon the same grounds. The officers took possession of my house, grossly insulted and maltreated the female portion of my family, removed everything portable to a distant part of the city, broke locks of the furniture in the house, indiscriminately scattering the contnts over the floors, a ndcommitted sundry other high- handed and unwarrantable acts, which I well know when brought to your attention would meet your just condemnation.

I am and have ever been a firm supporter of the Union which thousands of persons can attest, and have advocated that cause both by talking an writing. I have never at any thime or under any circumstances given aid to the rebels, either directly or indirectly. Being a Southern many by birth, and refusing to return to my native State (at the earnest solicitaion of all my relatives) when this rebellion broke out, I am disfranchised by them and now incarcerated by those with whom Ihave acted, and for whom in this bold strike for liberty and Union I blodly combatted against the high-handed measures of secession and disruption of the GOvernment. I am informed of the sickness of my family andnow have no recourse oeft but your just clemency, and beg you in behalf of my family that you will order my speedy release so that I may joinmy family.

I am willing further to attest my loyalty (if doubted) by taking the oath to support the Constitutin and laws of the United States Government and inno way to hold intercourse with persons in the seceded States.

I have thehonor, dear sir, to be, your most obedient servant,

F. WYATT.

