
artful villain, and Ihave nodbout wahtever that his insanity is altogether feigned. Take care now that the don'tnows welll how to act and carry out any purpose that he adopts and is fully cometent to play the maniac to prefection. I warn you against this man. He deserves punishment and has no claim whatever for clemency. I should regret to see any injustice done him and I am far from desiring anything of that sort. I have learned to know that vengaeance is with the Lord. He will inHis own good time and His way punish all these tritors, andHis ways are past finding out. It is only the baneful influence of Haig's liberty that I fear. Traitors here will be emboldened by finding a man like Haig released. none here for one omomet believe anything else but that his insanity is altogether feigned. Take care, my dear sir, that you are not deceived in this matter.

With considerations of the highest order, I am, my dear sir, very respectfully, your obedient srvnt,

H. G. WILSON.

1902 MOUNT VERNON STREET, PHILADELPHIA.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

RESEPCTED SIR: Will you be pleased to spare a few moments of your valuable time to listen to the plea of a desolate wife! My hustband, William Gilchrist, was arrested on the 20th of September and sent to Fort Lafayette, where he now is. In having him removed from us myself and four children are suddenly deprived of all menas of support and know not how to get through the coming winter. I, my children and nearly all my family are mative- born andloyal citizens, General Cox, now inWestern Virgina, being my brother, who would sacrifice every earthly thing for our dear country at this time, and I cannot believe that my husband is guilty of the acusation against him or that the cause of justice or of the Union will be in the least injured by his release. If it be possible to restore him to his family pray do so and receive the lasting gratitude of one who would not wwish to be made happy at the expense of her country's honor.

Very respectfully,

REDELIA A. GILCHRIST.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 2, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston, Mass.

SIR: Let William Gilchrist, a prisoner confined inFort WAaren, be released, I transmit this order to John S. Keyes, esq., U. S . marshal, who has been isntructed by this Dpearmtenr to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper ; papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

BOSTON, November 7, m 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: I was rleased from Fort Warren yesterday and again arrested. * I have waived everything her and havenow to request

---------------

*On civil process for treason.

---------------

