
that you will allow me to go to Washington and see ou, and if I do not satisfy you of my perfect innocene and good will to the Government to be sent back without any process but your order. I can do this in Washington easily, and have a hearty desire to spare the Government any trouble on my account. I do not believe any injustice is meanst me. I do not wish to trouble you with long letters or the courts with trials but wish to put myself unreservedly in your hands.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM GILCHRIST.

Memorandum in reply to that of Lord Lyons of the 9th instant in regard to political prisoners alleged to be British ssubjects.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, november 11, 1861.

William Gilchrist. - Released from FOrt Warren on the 6th of november by order of the Secretary of State. He was rearrested on the same day on a warrant issued out of the court inPennsylvania. He has been indicted for tresonable practices and his case is now undergoing judicial investigation. If inocent he will be acquitted.

OFFICE OF U. S. ATTORNEY,

Philadelphia, November 20, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I learn from the U. S. marshal for this district that he transmitted to the State Department all letters and papers found in the possession of the man Gilchrist at the time he was apprehended for tresonalbe practices against the United Stes. I will be comelled to make use of those documents in the progress of the case whichis being prepared agsainst that person, and if you have no further use for them I will be obliged to you if you would direct them to be sent to the disrict attorney. The papers were sent to the State Deaprtment in connectionwith those of some other parties supposed to be implicated with Gilchrist in his treason, and it would probably be better to send them all if they ae no longer of use to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HUBLEY ASHTON,

Assistatn U. S . Attorney.

DEAPRTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 21, 1861.

J. HUBLEY ASHTON, Esq.,

Assistatn U. S. Distrit Attorney, philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: Yur letter of the 20th instant has been received. The cases of William Gilchrist, James M. Haig and F. Wyatt are being investigated and the papers and letters found uponthese parties are for the present needed at this Department. If it should be necessary to the proper preparation of the case you are prosecuting against Gilchrist that the papers be sent to you before the 1st proximo you will please so inform me; otherwise all the papers in the case will be forwarded to you about that time.

I am, sir, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistatn Secretary.

