
WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 28, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith a list of prisoners of state, mentioning the time of arrival here, also the date acording to their own account of confinement and their residence. I beg to mention the case of Mr. F. Wyatt, of Philadelphia. Though a stranger to me his appearance of ill health led me to ask him some questions. In conclusion he said he was willing to take the oath of allegiance with the usual stipulations required of all those who have been released. I learn that he has a family in Pennsylvania. * * *

I am, sir, with the highest resepct, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery, Commanding post.

OFFICE OF U. S . ATTORNEY,

Philadelphia, November 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have appointed Tuesday next, 4 p. m., for a preliminary hearing in the cause of the United States against William Gilchrist. I do not think that the papers relating to that case which were in the possession of your Department will be necessary for the purposes of that hearing. I wish, however, to examine them before preparing the indictment. If they can be transmitted to me conveniently in a few weeks from the present time it will be all that I desire.

I have the honor to be, very truly ad respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HUBLEY ASHTON,

Assisant U. S . Attorney.

DEAPRTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 9, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore.

GENERAL: Mr. James M. Haig, of Baltimore, has applied to the Department for permission to surrender himself to you under arrest and to be discharged from further prosecution of the charge of disloyalty. If you see no reason why this should not be done you will please release him on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that the will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permissionary of State, and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

DEAPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 12, 1861.

J. HUBLEY ASHTON, Esq.,

Assistant U. S . District Attorney, Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: I have to inform you that all the letters and papers taken from William Gilchrist, James M. Haig and Felix Wyatt have been sent by express to- day to your address. When you have made such use of

