
them as you may deem necessary in the prosecution of the case against Gilchrist I will thank you to return the papers to this Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

PHILADELPHIA, December 17, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington City.

SIR: I have been retained by William Gilchrist as his counsel in the matter of the charge of treason against him in the U. S. circuit court for this district. He informs me that there are several important papers now in your office which bear upon his defense. I herewith inclose a memorandum of them and would respectfully ask that they be placed in my hands or in those of J. Hubley Ahston, esq., the attorny of the United States in this city, or in those of some one else with directions to permit access to them by Mr. Gilchrist or his counsel. I make this application with the mroe freedom as your long experience t the bar will enable you to appreciate the propriety of the request. An early answer will oblige,

Very respectfully, your obedienr servant,

JOHN C. BULLITT.

[Inclosure.]

Memorandum of papers ; made by William Gilchrist.

My letter to Secretary W. H. Seward from Sweeny's Hotel, New York, informing him that I was commissioned to buy army goods for a merchant in Baltimore, as he assured me and I believed for strictly legal trade, declaring that I was not a citizen and therefor he had no right to strain the laws, requesting that if my purchasing these goods was contrary to the wishes of the Government to be so informed by letter addressed tome at my office, Philadelphia, and promising to obey any wish expressed in such advice.

Captain Williams' letter to em, written perhaps some two weeks after, asking permission to lay my letter before General Porter. This letter has been sent with my papers, &amp;c., to Wahsington by order of Secretary Seward.

Mr. Nicoly letter dated early in September stating that he had handed General Curran's and my letter to General Poerter with his recommendation. This has also been sent to Washington by Marshal Millward.

A press - copy book of letters written by me in course of my business. Another case containing a few business memoranda, &c.

The possession of my press- copy book and note case or even access to them would enable me to give dates and otherwise refresh my memory greatly to my assistance. They have been sent to Washington by Marsahl Millward.

WILLIAM GILCHRIST,

Philadelphia, Pa.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 19, 1861.

JOHN C. BULLITT, Esq., Philadelphia, Pa.

SIR: Your letter of the 17th instant has bene received. In reply I have to inform you that all the letters, papers and books belonging to

54 R R- SERIES II, VOL II

