
and received letters from my brothers and sisters in Virginia but from no other source. I was thrown into the miserable felon's prison at Philadelphia, refused counsel or communication with any friend, and from thence removed to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor. While in prison at Philadelphia the detectives ransacked my rooms, broke locks off furniture which happened to offer any resistance and removed every portable article (even my portrait which hung up in my parlor) to a distant part of the city, abstracting from my trunk a small sum of money which I had placed there to cancel a small debt nearly due at the time, and when requesting a return of the amount was told if I would give up the diamond breastpin I wore and a watch in my pocket the sum of money would be given up. This remark was made by the U. S. marshal and an ex-Member of Congress of the United States.

Since my arrest I do most solemnly assure you that I am as ignorant of the charges against me as you are, though I have asked for them again and again. I have signified my willingness for a trial or to accept my release on parole not to go south of Baltimore or Washington, and to hold myself ready for trial whenever called upon.

F. WYATT.

OFFICE OF U. S. ATTORNEY,

Philadelphia, January 25, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: The case of United States vs. William Gilchrist has been postponed till Wednesday next (January 29) at 11 o'clock. I desire if possible to have Mr. Baker in attendance upon that day. The Department will probably direct him to be notified of the fact of the postponement of the cause and that it is for the interest of the Government that he should be present in court at the hearing.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. COFFEY,

U. S. Attorney.

Per J. HUBLEY ASHTON,

Assistant.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, January 27, 1862.

GEORGE A. COFFEY, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Philadelphia.

SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant had been duly received. In reply I have to inform you that Mr. L. C. Baker who is now in this city has been directed to proceed to Philadelphia and be present in court at the hearting of the cause of the United States vs. William Gilchrist on Wednesday, the 29th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

BOSTON, January 31, 1862.

Honorable CHARLES SUMNER, Washington, D. C.

DEAR SIR: A few weeks since I addressed a communication to you on behalf of my friend Mr. F. Wyatt, of Philadelphia, a political prisoner confined in Fort Warren, inclosing also a brief statement of the circumstances attending his arrest. I have not as yet been favored

