
of Washington, returned* to the Department of State the order for the release of Harbin with the following indorsement upon it:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 10, 1862.

I am instructed by Major-General McClellan to say that considering the character of the within-named parties (Harbin and others), as shown at the time of their arrest, it is deemed a matter of military necessity that they should for the present be retained in custody.

Respectfully,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The said George F. Harbin remained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

By order of Brigadier-General Porter, provost-marshal of Washington (as appears by the report of E. J. Allen), Rudolph Watkins and George S. Watkins were arrested September 23, 1861, in Georgetown, D. C. They were charged with being spies; with having aided in sending men to the rebel army and forwarding communications to the South. Application having been made for their release the Secretary of State issued an order to that effect January 9, 1862, on their taking the oath of allegiance, &amp;c. January 11, 1862, Brigadier-General Porter, provost-marshal, returned the order for the release of the two Watkinses with the following indorsement upon it. + The said Rudolph Watkins and George S. Watkins remained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day they were transferred to the charge of that Department.

Thomas A. Jones was arrested by a detachment of the Sickles Brigade near Pope's Creek, in Maryland, and brought to Washington under an order from Colonel R. B. Marcy, issued about the 4th of October, 1861. October 26, 1861, E. J. Allen, through the provost-marshal of Washington, reported the facts connected with the arrest of Jones and the charges upon which he was arrested, from which it appears that Jones was engaged with orders in furnishing information to the rebels and in transporting men to Virginia for the purpose of joining the rebel army and also in the nightly transportation of contraband goods to the enemy. January 9, 1862, the Secretary of State directed the release of said Jones and others on their taking the oath of allegiance and making the required stipulations. January 11, 1862, Brigadier-General Porter, provost-marshal of Washington, returned the order for the release of Jones and others with the following indorsement upon it. ++ The said Thomas A. Jones remained in custody in the Old Capitol Prison in Washington February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department.

George Dent, sr., was arrested about the 16th of November, 1861, by order of Brigadier-General Porter, in Virginia nearly opposite to Popes' Creek. He was charged with having in connection with others conveyed men, arms and ammunition across the Potomac River to aid the rebel cause; with being actively engaged in forwarding correspondence

---------------

*See Porter to Seward, January 11, 1862, with the McClellan indorsement, p. 876.

+Omitted; same as in Harbin's case, preceding.

++Omitted; same as in preceding cases.

---------------

