
in saying "no" when men from a distance came and said they wanted to go to Virginia on important business and must go. I have known in several cases where they after being positively refused took the boat and crossed the river themselves. Apart from conveying men across the river there have been men arrested in my county and released that were engaged in recruiting and sending men to different points on the river to cross and giving other aid and comfort to the enemy.

I have said already more than I intended and more than necessary, but I being the only man from my county held under arrest as prisoner causes me to feel more mortified and to suffer more than I should have done if others had been made to suffer the same; but it is frequently the case that the innocent have to suffer for the offenses of the more guilty which is now my case. I am the only man of the county held as prisoner and consequently am paying the penalty of the whole county. What I did which seems to be treason to the Government I did for profit which was not the case of many in the county. They fed, transported and furnished money for the Southern cause. I was not able to do that and did not do it. All I did I got paid for which I do not think I ought to be blamed for. I have a large family to support, and being a poor man I thought that if I could make something by carrying a few persons across the river it would be no harm; but instead of profitingn I have lost severely. I have lost two valuable boats, one fine horse, saddle and bridle and revolver that cost $20. That of all most valuable is my liberty and to be separated from a distressed wife and eight little children. Also I have lost much by being from home at this important season of the year when a crop was to be taken care of and a crop of wheat to be seeded, besides a great deal of work that should be done very soon before winter sets in. I have no one at home to carry on such work and no one that knows anything about a great deal of work I intended to have done this fall.

The above is a long and uninteresting letter but I am in hopes you will see my object and sympathize with my family if not myself; besides I have had much suffering since my arrest. I was kept in camp eleven days, having nothing to sleep on but the naked ground and nothing but a blanket I fortunately brought with me, and but little that I could eat the biggest part of the time. I have been from home now five weeks next Tuesday. It seems to be a long time. I am willing to make oath on the Holy Evangels of Almighty [God] that the above statement is the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I am further willing to take the oath of allegiance.

Yours, very respectfully,

THOS. A. JONES.
HDQRS. CITY GUARD, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,Washington, D. C., October 26, 1861.

Brigadier General A. PORTER, Provost-Marshal.

DEAR SIR: In obedience to your orders I have the honor to report that about the 1st of September last the following letter was placed in my hands:

PHILADELPHIA, August 26, 1861.

Honorable M. BLAIR.

MY DEAR SIR: As a lower of our glorious old Union I deem it my solemn duty to inform you that every night letters are carried from the post-office at Port Tobacco, Md., to King George County, Va., thence direct to the headquarters of the rebel army. My own wife has been requested to send letters to the care of Doctor or Mr. Dent to Port Tobacco, thence they were to be carried across.

