
in the bushes with Jones. One of my operatives who was in Richmond, Va., about the 1st of October informs me that during a conversation he had with the Honorable J. P. Benjamin, Acting Secretary of War, the latter remarked to him that he had heard that a man by the name of Acton had been arrested by the Federal troops in Maryland. He said that one Acton had been charged with important business at the North for the Confederate States and he wished my operative who had gained his confidence to inquire into the matter when he came North and let him know about it when he returned to Richmond. I have to request that my operative be excused from testifying in the matter as it is impracticable for him to do so, he being now and almost constantly absent in the secret service of the Government.

Among the paper taken possession of by Lieutenant Wilson and posse were the following:

Numbers 1. --Letter from G. Donnellan, headquarters Brooks' Station, July 21, 1861, to George Dent inclosing a letter addressed to Doctor Wivill, as stated, to be forwarded without delay instructing him (Wivill) how to connect with the "courier line" to be established next day from Grymes' house, Mathias Point, to the headquarters of General D. Ruggles at Brooks' Station. Dispatches of an important character he said were to come out that week to General Beauregard. He says to Dent:

Please keep on the qui vive and all expense incurred shall be made satisfactory to you or any other person rendering service. Please so inform our friends and also Doctor Wivill. General Ruggles who knows of my authority has stated herein to the same effect as I represent.

Indorsement by General Ruggles:

The bearer of this is authorized to certify bills to be paid at Richmond. All communications should be forwarded rapidly.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army, Commanding Forces.

Numbers 2. --R. J. Brent, Baltimore, July 20, 1861, to George Dent. He says:

My friends Messrs. Carson and Armistead, of this city, are going to your neighborhood on business. If they should call on you please give them every facility and attention as they are gentlemen of character and in every way worthy of confidence.

NOTE. --From the printed card at the head of the sheet on which the letter is written it would appear that Carson is a Baltimore banker and it is not unlikely that the business of himself and companion in Dent's neighborhood had some connection with Southern financial matters.

* * * * * *

Among the papers of Thomas A. Jones taken possession of by Lieutenant Wilson were the following:

Numbers 1. --Letter from H. Rives Pollard, Richmond Examiner office, August 3, 1861, to Thomas Jones requesting him to have The Baltimore Sun sent to him (Jones) at Allen's Fresh and to forward it to him (Pollard) by persons coming into Virginia.

Numbers 2. --George F. Harbin, salesman in Meyerberg's store, 48 Market Space, Washington, D. C., writes to Jones August 8, 1861, that he is well and in fine spirits since the great victory at Manassas and expects from rumors to soon be living under another President. He thinks that Lincoln is pretty nearly played out and that one more victory in favor of the South will knock down his house.

Numbers 3. --Mr. S. B. Zimmerman writes to Jones from Richmond August 5, 1861, that he thinks of joining the Southern army and wants Jones

55 R R--SERIES II, VOL II

