
to have his tobacco carried carefully to Baltimore so that he can get the proceeds when he comes over.

Numbers 4. --Letter from George F. Harbin, Washington, July 8, 1861, to Thomas A. Jones. He hopes and sincerely believes that the day is not far distant when the people of the North will condemn Abe's cruel acts and hurl him from power.

Numbers 5. --Mr. E. L. Rogers in a note without date states that he lost a hand trunk at Grymes' while crossing the river there and wants Jones or somebody else to find it. He also discloses the fact that they transported chloroform there in jugs marked "Neat's-foot oil. "

My operative who was in Richmond about the 1st of October says in his report that Captain Quincy, agent of what they called the "Under-ground railroad" down there via Pope's Creek, had been supplying the publishes in Richmond with New York and Philadelphia papers only two days old for the past six weeks and that he was only stopped by the arrest of certain parties at Pope's Creek.

About the 23rd of August last the following letter was placed in my hands by the provost-marshal for me to operate upon:

PATENT OFFICE, Washington, August 23, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: On yesterday a lady sent some information about a secessionist in Georgetown to General McClellan and signed her letter "A friend to her country. " She withheld her name for good and satisfactory reasons but I have advised her that it is not likely any attention will be paid to an anonymous communication. She has therefore intrusted the substance of her letter to me and I hasten to send it to you:

"Rudolph Watkins is a young man residing in Georgetown who has made it his business for months past and does now to convey secessionists from this city to his uncle's house, a Mr. Gregg [Dent], in Charles County, Md., near the Potomac River, whence they are taken over to Aquia Creek and thence to Richmond. The trip takes two days. The father of this Rudolph Watkins holds an office in the Navy Department and he and his family are regarded by their Union neighbors as secessionists. "

This lady is reliable and discreet and she does not withhold her name from any false modesty but only because to give it would injure the usefulness of others.

Yours, most truly,

J. VAN SANTWOOD.

On the 7th of September one of my operatives ascertained that Rudolph Watkins had stated to a young lady that he had conveyed at least fifty persons down to Charles County, Md., who were going into Virginia, and that his uncle who was a farmer near the river had conveyed them over into Virginia. On the 9th of September a lady, under an arrangement with one of my operatives, called on Rudolph Watkins and told him that she had a letter that she desired to know if he could by any means send to Richmond, Va. Rudolph replied that he would take the letter and send it. He asked if there was anything wrong in it, and she replied that there was not as far as she knew. He said his uncle's name was Dent and not Grymes; that Grymes lived on the Virginia side, and helped persons on to Richmond. She gave him 25 cents to send the letter, with which he expressed himself satisfied. He said that his uncle would get the letter over to Grymes. On the 18th of September one of my operatives had a professional interview with Rudolph Watkins, during which the latter stated that he was as good a Southern man as there was in the country, and placed himself at the service of the former, supposing him to be a secessionist fresh from the South on business of the Confederate States. He spoke as being on the best of terms with Dent, Jones and Grymes, of Pope's Creek notoriety. The next day he said he would like to go South, but the "old man" would not consent to it; that he had his uniform all ready, as

