
WASHINGTON, November 11, 1861.

Assistant Secretary SEWARD:

I will send a statement of such facts as I am acquainted with. My husband is a native of Augusta, Me. He has been living in Baltimore for the last ten years and working at gas fitting. Last fall work was dull there. He and his family moved to Philadelphia with the hope of getting something to do, but there he met with no success. He remained until the 1st of April, when he left for Richmond, where he obtained work with Mr. Slanny, of Philadelphia, for five months when his material gave out, and he was on his way home when arrested. The winter is setting in and I have no way of supporting myself and children, and am without a home, living about from place to place without a protector. You will confer a great favor by having his case attended to and give him a trial as soon as possible as one of my children is dangerously ill and I may have to return to Baltimore in a short time.

Very respectfully,

ANNA E. ACTON.

WASHINGTON, November 18, 1861.

Mr. J. DENT.

DEAR SIR: I take the liberty to address you a few lines in reference to my case. I was in hopes to have heard from you before this, but not having done so I will again call your attention to the same, which you so kindly offered your services when you were to see me. I received a letter from home since I saw you and my family are still in great distress about me and say they are in hopes some kind friend will intercede and get me released so I may get home soon to relieve them of some of their troubles. I have an affectionate wife at home and eight young children all dependent upon me for protection and support; and further my wife is expecting to be confined now very soon, in a week or two at the most, which causes her more distress as well as myself; also the time has come when all farmers have to make arrangements for the next year, and if a portion of said arrangements is not made very soon it cannot and further I have not provided any winter clothing, shoes, &amp;c., or anything else for the comfort of the family and I cannot do it until I get released or see some one from home. Therefore I beg of you for my family's sake to use all of your influence to get me released so I may once more return home to relieve them of some of their sorrows and afflictions. I shall expect to see you in a day or two or hear from you when you will be able to give me some cheering news.

With great respect, I remain, your respected friend,

THOS. A. JONES.

P. S. --It will be eight weeks to-morrow since my arrest, which seems to me years.

T. A. J.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, D. C., December 5, 1861.

His HONOR WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: The condition of my family and my affairs at home generally demand of me to trouble you again in reference to my release. The crimes which I am charged with let them be true or false cannot be now remedied by imprisonment which has been now nearly three months.

