
PHILADELPHIA, October 4, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT, Assistant Secretary of War:

The following paragraph appears under the Washington correspondence in the North American and Ledger of this date:

Certain charges having preferred [against] the Adams Express Company in the matter of carrying letters, &amp;c., to and from the South it [is] reported to-day that these charges will be brought before the courts, when the accused will have an opportunity of proving their falsity or correctness. It is understood that some other matters are also on the list against this firm which will come up at the same time. The company as a general stand in high favor here, and it is impression that the suit will not damage very materially.

I propose to make some one responsible for the statements of this character, and will thank you to inform me whether the above is justified by any actions of your Department, or by any facts within your knowledge.

Respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD,

General Superintendent Adams Express Company.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant and to transmit herewith a copy of Commander S. P. Lee's report dated August 21, 1861, of the capture of the schooner Henry Middleton.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. S. VANDALIA, Off Charleston, August 21, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

SIR: I transmit according to law the inclosed list of the officers and crew of this ship being a complete list of all those who were captured and of all who were in sight at the time of the capture of the schooner Henry Middleton of 103 tons, built in Charleston, S. C., owned in Charleston and cleared from Charleston for Liverpool with a cargo of 496 casks of spirits of turpentine and 65 barrels of rosin.

The Henry Middleton was discovered at daylight this morning running the blockade off Charleston and was captured by the Vandalia at 1 p. m. to-day in latitude 310 58' N., longitude 790 15' W., after a chase of eight hours and about fifty miles in a southeast direction from Charleston Bar.

It appears that the Henry Middleton was intended hereafter to take out privateer papers. She was captured with the secession flag flying at her peak and a full set of papers from the Confederate States of America.

The Henry Middleton is ordered into----, and I recommend that she should be fitted as a temporary light-boat for the use of the squadron off Charleston.

Respectfully, yours,

S. PHILLIPS LEE,

Commander.

