
been released upon taking the oath. I therefore beg you to interest yourself for them and get them out--at least on the same terms as their leaders have been released. I know you agree with me in this kind of mercy.

Yours, truly,

CHAS. B. CALVERT.

Memorandum.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

Brigadier General Andrew Porter, provost-marshal, in reply to letter from this Department dated December 19, reports verbally that Thomas A. Jones, George Dent, sr., and George Dent, Jr., B. J. Cross, Rudolph Watkins, George S. Watkins, the prisoners mentioned in a note from Mr. Crain which was submitted to him, ought not to be discharged.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 20, 1861.

Brigadier General ANDREW PORTER, Provost-Marshal, Washington.

GENERAL: You will please transfer * * * * George S. Watkins, Thomas A. Jones, Rudolph Watkins, Samuel G. Acton, George Dent, sr., George Dent, Jr., and George F. Harbin to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON,

Washington City, D. C., December 22, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

SIR: I beg leave to call your attention to my case again. I have been confined in prison three months without knowing what the charges against me are. I have a family of sisters depending upon my labor for a support, and as I have never violated any law that I am aware of in any manner whatever I do think it very hard that I am kept in prison when I have always been willing to take the oath of allegiance. I am ready to prove my innocence if you will grant me a trial, or even an interview with you or General Porter. I reside in this city and have never visited or corresponded with any one in the States in rebellion against the Government. I have never aided the enemies of the Government in any way whatever. I have been pursuing my business in this city for six years and the records will show that I have been a law-abiding citizen. All of this I can prove if I am allowed a trial. My friends will call on you in a day or two I hope and give you sufficient evidence of my innocence. I hope my petition may meet your early consideration and that I may be permitted to return to my home to comfort my family.

Yours,

GEO. F. HARBIN.

---------------

*No record of the transfer can be found.

---------------

