
NEW YORK, October 5, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

The eleven prisoners discharged from Fort Columbus are entirely destitute. Shall I furnish them with means to get to Baltimore?

R. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshall.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 5, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, U. S. Marshal, New York:

Furnish the prisoners referred to in your telegram with means to reach Baltimore.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 5, 1861.

BENJAMIN P. LOYALL,

Late Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, New York.

SIR: Having refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States your name has by direction of the President been stricken from the rolls of the U. S. Navy.

I am, respectfully,

GIDEON WELLES.

U. S. MILITARY PRISON, THIRTEENTH STREET,

Washington, D. C., October 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: About five weeks ago Ward H. Lamon, marshal for the District of Columbia, accompanied by a squad of cavalry in the service of the United States, arrested ma at my residence in Hagerstown, Md., and brought me immediately to this place where I have ever since been kept in close confinement. I have no official information of the cause of my arrest and detention here, but from what Marshal Lamon has said to friends of mine who have conversed with him on the subject I am led to believe it is owing to the course of a newspaper published under the title of the Hagerstown Mail. If I have permitted anything to appear in that paper inconsistent with my rights and duties as an American citizen I have done it under a mistaken conception of those rights and duties and not from a deliberate purpose to do wrong. If the tone of the paper has been disloyal I am willing to change it, as I have no wish to dy anything inconsistent with my obligations to the Government of my country. I acknowledge that I owe allegiance to the Government of the United States as established by the Constitution and laws thereof, and this allegiance I am now satisfied is paramount to any allegiance I may owe to any State government. I recognize in His Excellency Abraham Lincoln the lawfully elected President of the United States, and I will not knowingly do any act calculated to deprive him of his just powers and authority as such. I ardently desire the perpetuation of the union of these States, and deeply regret that the disaffected of my countrymen did not seeeir alleged grievances in the manner prescribed by the Constitution. Born and reared in Pennsylvania, married in Virginia, and domiciled in Maryland where all my children have been born, all the tender feelings

