
Under these circumstances and in view of the almost destitute condition of my family may I appeal to you, sir, to grant me the indulgence requested above, which believe me no one could appreciate more gratefully than your obedient servant,

S. G. ACTON.

OLD CAPITOL PRISON, Washington, February 28, 1862.

Honorable P. W. CRAIN.

DEAR SIR: In The Star of yesterday I find an order issued by order of the President appointing two commissioners to examine our cases. One of the commissioners I find to be Major General John A. Dix who I understand is a gentleman of liberal feelings. You will please see him and try and make a favorable impression in my behalf. I received a letter from home dated 13th instant informing me of the illness of my wife. I received a private message yesterday that she was still ill. There are several reasons why my case should be acted on favorably. First, the condition of my family; second, my services are wanted on the farm as it is now working time; third, that the Government has between $400 and $500 worth of my property; fourth, I have been a prisoner for upward of five months and the most of the time I have been confined in a room where there has been some one sick all the time, and some of the cases have been of a malignant form. the last statement can be proven by the medical attendant and supervisor of the prison which I have been confined in.

Please give the above your especial attention as it may be the last chance for some time. I am in hopes to be able to give you satisfaction for all the trouble you have taken for me.

Yours, respectfully,

THOS. A. JONES.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Washington, March 15, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

SIR: Thomas A. Jones is the officially accredited agent of the rebel Government for conveying information and material thereto. In hi house and that of his confederate, George Dent, sr., at Allen's Fresh, Md., were found the signal regulations then in use between them and the rebels. Jones is a most dangerous man to be at large even for the shortest length of time.

Respectfully,

E. J. ALLEN.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, March 21, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq.,

Supt. of the Old Capitol Military Prison, Washington, D. C.

SIR: You will please discharge * * * George Dent, sr., George Dent, Jr., Thomas A. Jones and George S. Watkins, prisoners confined in the Old Capitol Military Prison, on their taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

