
I, Thomas A. Jones, of Charles County, Md., do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Union and Constitution and the Government of the United States as established by that Constitution against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

THOS. A. JONES.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st day of March, 1862.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

NOTE. --George Dent, sr., George Dent, Jr., and George S. Watkins also subscribed to the same oath on the same day.

COMMISSION RELATING TO STATE PRISONERS,

Washington, April 1, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq., Superintendent, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.

SIR: You may release Mr. Rudolph Watkins upon his taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

Case of Henry E. Johnston.

Henry E. Johnston was arrested by order of the Secretary of State September 24, 1861, at Baltimore, and committed to Fort McHenry. He was charged with being disloyal and with conveying contraband letters and information to and from the insurrectionary States contrary to the President's proclamation. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 8, 1861, directing General John A. Dix to release Johnston on his engagement upon honor to return into the custody of General Dix at Fort McHenry if required and when notified by the Secretary of State. The said Henry E. Johnston remained upon his parole February 15, 1862, when in conformity with the order of the War Department of the preceding day he was transferred to the charge of that Department. --From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

Cases of Messrs. Clay, Kearny, Grubbs and others.

This person [William Grubbs] was arrested in Kentucky with some fifteen others on the 24th of September, 1861, by order of General Anderson, who represented him as one of the leading men of the company who were accused of scouring the country to persecute Union men and to enforce enlistments of men in the rebel cause. After his

56 R R--SERIES II, VOL II

