
arrest he was sent by order of the Secretary of State to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th day of November, 1861, Grubbs was discharged from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance and binding himself to neither enter any of the States in insurrection nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States nor transmit any correspondence between any disloyal persons nor do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection.

Henry G. Thurber, of Oldham County, Ky., was arrested on or about the 24th of September, 1861, by the Home Guard of Kentucky, under orders of General Anderson, charged with disloyal and seditious conduct and particularly with conspiring to levy war against the United States. After his arrest he was sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State and was afterward transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th of November, 1861, Thurber was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct.

Frank M. Crow, of Oldham or Nelson County, Ky., was arrested by the Home Guard of Kentucky, under order of General Anderson, on or about the 24th of September, 1861, while on his way, as charged, to join the rebel army, accused of disloyal and seditious conduct and especially of conspiring to levy war against the United States. after his arrest he was by order of the Secretary of State sent to Fort Lafayette and subsequently to Fort Warren. Crow was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct, November 28, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State.

J. W. Griffith was arrested in Nelson County, Ky., by order of General Anderson about the 1st of October, 1861, and sent to Fort Lafayette. Afterward transferred to Fort Warren. Griffith with three others was on his way from Floydsburg, a community of disloyal citizens, to jmy. He was released by order of the Secretary of State on taking the oath of allegiance November 28, 1861.

Anderson McDowell, of Oldham County, Ky., was arrested by order of General Anderson on or about the 24th of September, 1861, charged with disloyal and seditious conduct and with scouring the State to persecute Union men and enforce the enlistment of men in the rebel army. After his arrest he was sent by order of the Secretary of State to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th of November, 1861, McDowell was released on taking the oath of allegiance with provision against going to, corresponding or aiding others to correspond with the insurrectionary States or doing anything hostile to the United States.

John W. Robards, of Harrodsburg, Ky., was arrested by order of General Anderson on or about the 18th day of September, 1861, charged with disloyal and seditious conduct, and particularly with scouring the country to persecute Union men and to enforce the enlistment of men in the rebel service cause. After his arrest he was by order of the Secretary of State sent to Fort Lafayette and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th of November, 1861, Robards was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct.

