
Stephen H. Wooldridge, of Harrodsburg, Ky., was arrested by order of General Anderson on or about the 24th day of September, 1861, charged with disloyal and seditious conduct, and particularly with scouring the country to persecute Union men and to force others to enlist in the service of the rebel cause. After his arrest he was sent by order of the Secretary of State to Fort Lafayette and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th day of November, 1861, Wooldridge was released on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct.

Joseph T. McFeal is one of a band of fifteen or twenty arrested in Kentucky on or about the 24th of September, 1861, by order of General Anderson, charged with disloyal and seditious conduct, and especially with scouring the country to persecute Union men and to enforce the enlistment of men in the ranks of the rebel forces. After his arrest he was by order of the Secretary of State sent to Fort Lafayette and subsequently transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th of November, 1861, McFeal was discharged from custody on taking the oath of allegiance, binding himself thereby neither to enter any of the rebel States nor correspond with persons therein nor transmit any correspondence between any disloyal persons nor do anything hostile to the Government of the United States.

Joseph Back, of Marion County, Ky., wae Home Guard by order of General Anderson on or about the 24th day of September, 1861, accused of disloyal and seditious conduct, and especially of scouring the country to persecute Union men and acting in aid of persons recruiting for the rebel forces. After his arrest he was sent by order of the Secretary of State to Fort Lafayette and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. On the 28th day of November, 1861, the said Back was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance to the United States with stipulations against future misconduct.

William E. Kearny or Carney was arrested in Kentucky by order of General Anderson on the 24th of September, 1861, on the charge of treasonable and seditious conduct, and was by direction of the Secretary of State sent to Fort Lafayette and afterward transferred to Fort Warren. Among the offenses imputed to the set of men with whom Kearny was taken was scouring the country to persecute Union men and to enforce the enlistment of men in the rebel cause. General Anderson represented this man as one of the leaders. On the 26th of November, 1861, he was ordered to be released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance and binding himself not to enter any insurrectionary State nor correspond with any person therein nor do any act a hostile or injurious to the United States, and also that he had not paid or given and would not pay or give anything to any person for aid in obtaining his release.

Lewis S. Holsclaw, of Kentucky, near Louisville, was arrested on or about the 24th of September, 1861, by the Kentucky Home Guard under orders of General Anderson while he was on his way toward Tennessee with the alleged intent to join the rebel army. He was charged with disloyal and seditious conduct and particularly with conspiring to levy war against the United States. After his arrest he was sent by order of the Secretary of State to Fort Lafayette and subsequently to Fort Warren. On the 28th day of November, 1861, Holsclaw

