
was released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct. --From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

BIG HILL, MADISON COUNTY, KY., September 25, 1861.

Brigadier General G. H. THOMAS, Commanding Camp Dick Robinson.

SIR: I send you fourteen prisoners whom I caused to be arrested yesterday morning. They were making their way to Zollicoffer's brigade. The most of them are from Clark County, the remainder from this. They all acknowledge this to have been their place of destination with one exception, who is Colonel William Harris, of this county. The colonel is ranked among the traitors of this county, but whether it was his intention to join the Southern army or not is more than I can tell. You can hear his story and do what you think best with him. I send all the arms, accouterments and ammunition belonging to the prisoners, to wit: Six pistols, two bowie-knives and four guns. I wish you to retain their arms until I come down, which will be by to-morrow morning, i. e., if I get on with the organizing of the Home Guards pretty fast, which I think I will do. Madison County is all in a blaze and the Home Guards are turning our very well.

Just now the boys brought in James B. Clay, a man by name of Tipton, also William Grubbs. I got from Clay two pistols and a shot-gun. I send the whole with the guard. Lieutenant Bollen will hand you this and all the prisoners with their arms and ammunition.

In haste, yours, &amp;c.,

W. A. COFFEY,

Major, Colonel Wolford's First Kentucky Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Dick Robinson, Garrard County, Ky., September 25, 1861.

Captain O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Louisville, Ky.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the department commander that a party of Home Guards have by any direction on the road between Richmond and London, Ky., captured (night before last) Mr. J. B. Clay and fourteen others of more or less consequence (with abundant proof of their person) on their way to join the enemy. I will send them to Louisville as soon as they are examined by the district marshal.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP ANDERSON, KY., September 25, 1861.

A. H. SNEED, U. S. Marshal, Louisville, Ky.

DEAR SIR: I send to you Lewis Holsclaw who was arrested for bearing arms against the United States. As evidence against him I send his gun, cartridge-box, bayonet scabbard, &c. He says these things

