
were left with him by a friend who left him, and while thus alone he was arrested. The truth is this fellow belongs to the so-called Southern Confederacy and should be severely dealt with.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

CAMP ANDERSON, KY., September 26, 1861.

HENRY DENT, Esq.:

I send herewith four men--(1) Joseph W. Griffith, dressed in uniform and says he belongs to Captain Griffith's Ward Lancers, under the command of Colonel Jack Allen; (2) Frank M. Crow, uniform cap and belongs to same; (3) Henry G. Thurber, belongs to same company; (4) Anderson McDowell, says he belongs to the War Lancers, that he uniformed himself and drilled on horseback.

There can be no doubt about these men at all. McDowell says all four belonged to the same company though I believe he was misled and is now very penitent. If he were released he might reform, but I am unwilling to do so but leave the case for the action of the law. Griffith is a thorough secessionist and deserves in my opinion the full extent of the law.

Yours, very truly,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 28, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A writ of habeas corpus returnable on Monday has been issued by Judge Catron in the case of James B. Clay who was arrested with fourteen others and sent here by General G. H. Thomas. I shall not resist it thinking that this course and his being placed under heavy bail for conspiracy if not for treason will produce a good effect.

ROBT. ANDERSON.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 28, 1861.

General ROBERT ANDERSON, Louisville, Ky.:

Your message received. Consult James Guthrie immediately and unless he advises to the contrary, or in his absence James Speed, disregard the habeas corpus and send the prisoners under guard to-night to Indiana and forward them direct to Fort Lafayette.

By direction of the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

LOUISVILLE, September 29, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

The course pursued was taken after advising with Mr. Guthrie and Judge Catron. Mr. Speed says he agrees in that opinion. I retain all the prisoners because I am informed that the evidence of some of them is essential in establishing the fact of the guilt of J. B. C[lay].

R. ANDERSON.

