
that cluster around my heart constrain me to hope that neither Mason and Dixon's line nor the Potomac River shall ever mark the boundary of my country.

I beg leave further to represent that I have pecuniary obligations which can only be met by the proceeds of my labor; that my pecuniary affairs are suffering from my absence from home, and that should my detention here be of long duration I shall be ruined in a pecuniary sense, and my creditors will e injured any my wife and two little children, deprived of the comforts they have been accustomed to. I would also beg leave to state that my father, now about 82 years of age, and who served his country in the war, of 1812, is affected with asthma and heart disease, and I am informed that his bodily infirmeties have been greatly aggravated by mental anxiety on my account. I am attacks may prove fatal. I beg leave to ad that any one of his frequent attacks may prove fatal. I beg leave to add that I myself am suffering open air my close confinement operates injuriously upon me. I have been afflicted with boils for several weeks past, and at this time have a dreadfully sore hand and arm from that cause.

In conclusion I beg leave to express the hope that you will direct my immediate release. I have seen a copy of the oath administered to Mr. Gordon, of Maryland, who was formerly confined in the same room with me, and I am perfectly willing to take and subscribe the same and faithfully abide by it.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

DANIEL DECKART.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 5th day of October, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of state, Washington, D. C.

SIR: * * * I have also transferred the privateers taken from on board the Dixie and York to the city prison. But the sailors confined at Fort Lafayette for running the blockade have refused to enlist in the U. S. service, and therefore are still confined. The twelve prisoners sent from Baltimore to Fort Columbus have also been discharged upon their taking the oath of allegiance.

Yours, respectfully,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH BRIGADE,Alexandria, Va., October 5, 1861.

General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Front of Alexandria.

GENERAL: Several Union men have recently been arrested by the enemy in the vicinity of Accotink. On Saturday last three worthy and inoffensive men were taken from their houses solely on account of their sympathy with the Government. I have to-day caused the arrest of two open and avowed seccessionists residing in the same neighborhood.

