
marshal at Boston, and have requested him to communicate with the prisoners at Fort Warren and inform them that this Department will not recognize any one as an attorney for political prisoners and will look with distrust upon all applications for release through such channels, and that such applications will be regarded as additional reasons for declining to release the prisoners. He has also been requested to inform them that if they have any communication to make to the Government they are at liberty and are requested to make it directly to this Department. I will thank you to visit the prisons in New York Harbor and make similar communications to the persons there confined. I have also to inform you that the pass which was granted to Mr. Ludlow has been revoked.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 26, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

SIR: Let William E. Kearny, a prisoner confined in Fort Warren, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. Further that he has not paid and will not pay to any person a fee or give to him anything of value as a condition for interceding for his liberation. I transmit this order to John S. Keyes, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedi W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

NOTE. --Same order concerning prisoners Frank M. Crow, Anderson McDowell, William Grubbs, Lewis S. Holsclaw, Joseph Back, Stephen H. Wooldridge, Joseph T. McFeal, John W. Robards, Henry G. Thurber and J. W. Griffith.

U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Boston, November 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I received the orders for the discharge of eleven political prisoners at Fort Warren and duly executed them, they all taking the oath of allegiance and the stipulations required, and one A. Robert Carter, who declined day before yesterday, to-day accepted the conditions and was released. I communicated to all the political prisoners your instructions as to the employment of attorneys but did not to the prisoners of war, at the suggestion of Colonel Dimick. If you desire it I will make the communication to them at my next visit. * * * Many of these prisoners discharged this week have no money or means of returning to their homes and must depend

