
on charity to get to their friends. The hardship of some such cases induced me to ask if the Department will give any directions by which they can be relieved.

And I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. KEYES,

U. S. Marshal, Massachusetts District.

NEW YORK, November 28, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: I am this day in receipt of the letter from the Secretary of State announcing the release of certain prisoners from Fort Warren, and also the action in the case of W. E. Kearny. Please inform the Secretary of State that I will immediately advise the prisoners in Fort Warren of the matter. * * *

I am, very respectfully, yours,

SETH C. HAWLEY.

FORT WARREN, Boston Harbor, November 28, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the oaths of the following-named persons who have been released by your directions, viz: * * * S. H. Wooldridge, Henry G. Thurber, Joseph Back, Frank M. Crow, L. S. Holsclaw, J. W. Griffith, Anderson McDowell, William Grubbs, J. W. Robards, J. T. McFeal, and W. E. Kearny.

I am, sir, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

I, W. E. Kearny, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, loyalty and allegiance to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law, hereby stipulating that I will neither enter into any of the States in insurrection against the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States nor transmit any correspondence between any disloyal persons without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that I will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. Further that I have not paid and will not pay to any person a fee or give to him anything of value as a consideration for interceding for my liberation. So help me God.

W. E. KEARNY.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this the 28th day of November, A. D. 1861, at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

J. DIMICK,

Colonel First Artillery and Brevet Colonel, Commanding Post.

