
on his own account nor ever had credit or character enough to establish him in any business. The apparent danger of rebel attacks and of seditious uprisings having passed away and the consequent necessities for the detention of Stovin having therefore ceased he was at the instance of the British minister discharged from custody on or about the 13th day of November, 1861, and the said minister informed thereof. --From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 28, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Darnestown, Md.

GENERAL: I inclose herewith to you information* which has been placed in my hands relative to J. C. Stovin, of Cumberland, Md., and will thank you to examine his case and inform me whether, in your judgment, it would be feasible to arrest him. Please preserve and return these papers to this Department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

CUMBERLAND, MD., October 8, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq., Assistant Secretary of State.

SIR: This morning a party of cavalry from Williamsport arrested John C. Stovin. If you wish to secure more of the rebel hands in this section of our State place Stovin in solitary confinement, when he no doubt will implicate some of those whose names I give below, men who have used him to act the spy and letter agent. Those men I have no direct legal means to convict, but Stovin no doubt has.

With the sole wish to serve my country, very obediently,

DAVID TAYLOR.

W. W. McKaig, attorney; Dr. R. S. McKaig, merchant; C. A. Thruston, attorney; Thomas Devecmon, attorney; John P. Roman, attorney; Dr. G. Stubblefield, nothing; Judge Perry, circuit court; James M. Schley, attorney; Samuel Smith, attorney; Dr. T. A. Healey, physician; Dr. B. A. Daugherty, physician; Michael Trieber, hotel keeper; Ashriel Willison, horse dealer; William Blake, merchant tailor; Captain C. H. McBlair, late U. S. Navy; Daniel Wineon, canal supervisor.

P. S. --I may be mistaken in some of those men, but they are an installment of a party who with Stovin have met at the Revere House, kept by Michael Trieber, and have kept up no doubt a rebel mail running. Stovin is a shallow knave, and could be very easily made to convict a large number of the traitors here.

D. T.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 11, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Darnestown, Md.:

Send John C. Stovin to Fort McHenry.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

