
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 11, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Baltimore, Md.

GENERAL: I have directed that one John C. Stovin, arrested by a party of cavalry at Williamsport, Md., be sent to Fort McHenry for reasons which are given in a communication from David Taylor, esq., Cumberland Md., a copy of which I inclose to you. Will you please examine the case and report to me as soon as you conveniently can your opinion upon it.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

CONFIDENTIAL.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, October 18, 1861.

Right Honorable LORD LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the note of Consul Bernal which you unofficially placed in my hands.

John C. Stovin on the 16th of July, 1859, in the State of Maryland, on oath in open court renounced his allegiance to every foreign prince, potentate or sovereignty whatever and particularly to Queen Victoria. With your passport in his hand countersigned by me he was found on the 10th day of this month actively engaged in seditious proceedings to foment the insurrection in the State of Maryland which has only been prevented by the presence of a large military force and the erection of extensive fortifications. The public safety requires that for the present he remain in custody. He is confined at Fort McHenry under a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. I shall not lose sight of the prisoner's case nor allow him to remain unnecessarily long in custody.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to your lordship the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have examined the case of Mr. John C. Stovin so far as any examination is practicable. There is nothing against him except the allegations contained in the letter of Mr. David Taylor herewith rvin, who is a British subject as I suppose, states that he was the agent of a company whose operations have been suspended by the war; that he has been waiting for the reopening of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; that he knows all the parties in Mr. Taylor's letter; that he has never met them at the Revere House except casually; that he has never been engaged in transmitting or receiving letters to or from Virginia, and that he has never taken any part in the contest now in progress between the Government of the United States and the Confederate States which are in insurrection against it. There is no evidence to rebut this statement or to sustain that of Mr. Taylor. He says that he and Mr. Taylor is a naturalized Englishman. I did not let him know there was a letter from the latter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

