
not have adequate civil remedies for them by the laws of the United States as nowe administered.

The interference with his personal liberty was only of a few hours' instances like this of mere casual abuse of military power by individual soldiers andofficers as furnishing sufficient grounds for international complaint.

Her Majesty's Govenment conceives, however, that the subsequent arrest of Mr. Stovin on the 7th of October and his imprisonment from that time until the 14th of November are acts of which the responsibility clearly belongs to the executive government of the United States. It appears from the note which you did me the honor to address to me on the 10th of October last that Mr. Stovin was accused of being found in the course of that month atively engaged in seditious proceedings to foment insurrection in the State of Maryland and that his arrest and imprisonment were justified by the United States Government under the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus on the ground that the public safety required that for the present he should be kept in custody. The accusation was denied by him as soon as he had an opportunity of learning its nature. Her Majesty's Government do not perceive tat any attempt was ever made to support or substantiate it in any manner whatever. The name of the accuser was not divulged and the charge itself appears to Her Majesty's Government to ave been absolutely false and groundless.

Mr. Stovin was nevertheless arbitrarily detained in prisoner for more than a month; he suffered during that time very severe hardships and by the sudden and violent interruption of his business he seems to have undoubtedly incurred serious and unavoidable pecuniary losses, although the amount at which he himself estimates them mya perhaps be much exaggerated. It seems therefore to Her Majesty's Government that Mr. Stovin is entitled to ample redress for these injuries; and Her Majesty's Government have accordingly instructed me se before you and to ask for compensation for him.

In order to avoid all possible misapperehension I will say distinctly in conclusion that in laying before you Mr. Stovin's own printed statement I by no means intend to express either for Her Majesty's Government or for myself any opinion as to the particular sum, $150,000, at which he himself estimates the compensation due to him.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

WASHINGTON, April 15, 1861.

Honorable WILLAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: With reference to the note which I had the honor to address to you on the 19th of last month concerning the claim of Mr. John Carville Stovin, I beg to submit to you an extract from a letter which I have received from Mrs. Lynn, mother-in-law of that gentleman.

Mrs. Lynn believes that a commission has been sent to Cumberland to investigate matters connected with the claim in question. I do not know whether or no she is correctly informed, but if an investigation of the kind be in progress it appears to be not unreasonable that she as representative of the interests of her son-in-law should ask to be heard in supprot of his claim.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

