
[Inclosure.]

Extract from lette of Mrs. Lynn to Lord Lyons.

CUMBERLAND, April 10, 1861.

* * * I learned by accident yesterday that a commission sent here by the Goevrnment of the United States was taking affidavits in reference to the claim of my son-in-law, J. Carville Stovin, against the United States for imprisonment. Mr. Stovin cannot safely reside here owing to the prejudice against him and he had no one to care for his interest but me. I was surprised therefore to lean that this commission instead of giving me notice went about the work in a secret manner and from that manner am inclined to believe that the personal enemies of Mr. Stovin were selected to act as witnesses.

I understand that the charge against Mr. Stovin of complicity with the Southern Cconfederacy is dropped and an effort is now made to show that his loss was less than he claims. I do not know how this may be, but I do know to my sorrow that this wrong resulted in taking the bread from me and my fartheless children and being satisfied that it was without cause. * * *

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, April 16, 1862.

Right Honorable LORD LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have received your note of yesterday accompanies by an extract from a letter of a Mrs. Lynn, of Cumberland, Md., touching the complaint of her son-in-law, Mr. John C. Stovin, against this Government and asking to be heard in support of the complaint. As the complaint referred to has been presented in the name of Her Majesty's Government no such application from Mr. Stovin or his representatives can be entertained. Any information, however, which Her Majesty's legation itself may think proper to communicate in support of the claim of Stovin will be impartially considered.

I avail myself of the occasion to offer to you a renewed assurance of my very high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

Cases of J. h. Maddox and Thomas H. Maddox.

The only papers on file in the Department of State in the case of [Joseph H.] Maddox refer exclusively to his release, being mostly correspondence relating thereto, his bond, parole, &c. From statements in the letters of Maddox on file it would appear that he was arrested on the order of the Navy Department, charged with being about to attempt to go to Virginia, and was sent to Fort Lafayette; thence transferred to Fort Warren from which he was released on his parole not to enter into or correspon with any person in the seceded States or do any act hostile to the Federal Government November 21, 1861, according to an order from the Department of State, November 2, 1861.

This person [Thomas H. Maddox] was arrested by the military authorities in Maryland and sent to Fort Lafayette September 24, 1861, by order of Lieutenant-General Scott. He was charged with disloyalty to the United States Government. Maddix was released by order of the Secretary of State October 3, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance and stipulating not to hold any correspondence with persons residing in the insurgent States without consent of the Secretary of State. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

