
In conversation with Getty he told me that he was well acquainted with prominent secessionists in Baltimore, whom he said could not be known to the police force acting under the orders of General Dix. I expressed to Getty my unqualified confidence in the honesty, ability and resources of Provost-Marshal Dodge and his very able assistant, Mr. McPhail. Still Getty insisted that he knew of rebels in Baltimore whom he himself could reach and whom no one else could. I suggested that he might procure a letter from Colonel Marcy to Major-General Dix, to whom he might impart the information which he claimed to possess, and that General Dix might deemit best to give him employement in his department. Getty also pretended to have valuable information about the movements of the secessionists on the Western Shore of Maryland. Having procured a letter of introduction from Colonel Marcy to General Dix Getty left for Baltimore accompanied by Mr. Hanscomb, of the New York Herald, who has been a very warm friend of Getty ever since his arrival here.

Getty called atmy office on the 30th day of September last and stated that he had seen General Dix and the general would like very much to avail himself of his services but that he (General Dix) had no fund provided out of which he could pay him (Getty), and that the general had so stated to Colonel Marcy. After a consultation between Colonel Marcy and myself in reference to Getty it was deemed advisable to telegraph General Dix and learn from him of thr truth of Getty's statements. The following is a copy of the dispatch sent to General Dix:

WASHINGTON, Septmber 30, 1861.

Major-General DIX, Commanding, Baltimore:

Have you seen Mr. Getty? Do you think his services valuable? If so Mr. Allen will employ him and detail him for your use.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

On the following day a reply was received from General Dix of which the following is a copy:

FORT McHENRY, October 1, 1861.

Colonel R. B. MARCY:

I sent Mr. Getty to the police who as Mr. Allen will tell you are throughout and efficient. They report to me as follows:

"Mr. Getty is a very bad man, and is a spy of the Confederates. We arrested his paramour, a notorious courtesan, and read his letter to her. We know him well. "

JOHN A. DIX.

I was in the company of Colonel Marcy when he received the foregoing dispatch from General Dix and was by him ordered to arrest Getty as a spy, which order was executed by Getty's arrest within an hour after it was given to me, and he has been ever since confined in the prison corner of Thirteenth street and Pennsylvania avenue, northwest, Washington.

Getty upon his arrest denied the charge of being a spy, and I dispatched one of my operatives to Baltimore with letters to General Dix and to Provost-Marshal Dodge and Assistant McPhail for the purpose of obtaining all the evidence which they or either of them might possess bearing on Getty's case. I have further to report that Getty in his conversation with me never alluded to his having had an interview with Marshal Dodge until after the receipt of the telegram from General Dix to Colonel Marcy, and then only when asked by me if he had not seen Marshal Dodge he gave me an affirmative answer, commencing at the same time to use terms of disredit in regard to the marshal aforesaid which were cut short by my arresting Mr. Getty and sending him to the

