
prison as aforesaid. Upon the arrival of my operative at Baltimore he called upon Provost-Marshal Dodge and every facility in his power as well as in that if Deputy McPhail's wsa furnished to my operative and no opportunity on their part was allowed to pass that might aid his mission, and I beg leave to say here in my report to you that I feel greatly obliged to both of those able and efficient officers for their many ways in which they have shown their kindness to me personally and to very many of my operatives while employed in the business of this office.

Provost-Marshal Dodge stated to my operative in substance that the information which Getty pretended to have in his possession and for imparting which he asked in return that he should be employed in the service of the United States, and in a most responsible position, was nothing more than what had already been published in The Sun newspaper of Baltimore, and therefore possession no possible value to the Government. The marshal stated further to my operative that Getty's character was bad; that he was associated with a courtesan named Jennie Smith who with Getty went to Virginia in June last; that the said Jennie Smith was arrested by Colonel Jones, of the Sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, at the Relay House, having at the time on and about her person a large number of percussion caps; that from Getty's own statement the provost-marshal, Mr. Dodge, was satisfied that Getty had been at Richmond and Winchester, Va., and that his sentiments previous to going to Virginia were secession.

I have further to report that Deputy Provost-Marshal McPhail confirmed and corroborated the facts related to my operative aforesaid by Marshal Dodge, and also further stated that only the week before my operative aforesaid went to Baltimore in relation to Getty's case he (MaPhail) had arrested the same woman, Jennie Smith, searching er person and the house in which she was found, and finding upon her person several letetrs from Getty as Jennie herself acknowledged, over different signatures, sometimes singing himself as "Frank" and again as "Will; " that Deputy McPhail gave to of said letters, one dated at Frederick, Md., Wednesday night, and addressed to "Beckie," who appears to have been another woman who sometimes passed as "Mrs. Getty; " that the last-mentioned letter reads as follows:

DEAR BECKIE: Jennie was arrested on her way up, but I guess she has been released by this time. Even if not nothing can be done with her. If it has been my case I should have fared differently. Tell Jennie to come up by way of Ellicott's Mills. She can get a buggy to take her to the Mills. After she passes the Relay there is no danger whatever. I was sorry she was detained, but it was far better for her to have been arrested than for me. I expect to see her in a few days.

FRANK.

That the other letter which my operative received from Deputy Marshal McPhail was written by Getty to Jennie Smith, the aforesaid courtesan, and reads as follows:

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., Monday, June 10, 1861.

DEAREST: It is almost impossible to get a letter to you as bridges are being burned almost every day between this point and the Point of Rocks; and as to receiving your replies I can only advise you to direct to point of Rocks, and take the chances of friends going up and coming down. Mr. Kapelle is still here. We will probably go down to Richmond this week. If I do I will tell you so before I leave.

In haste,

WILL.

P. S. - You had better write Mr. Miness and have him het letters from box 581 and forward them to you.

