
That Mr. McPhail told my operative further that he learned from Jennie Smith while she was under arrest by him, as aforesaid, that herself and Getty while in Virginia were agents of The Baltimore Sun; that Jennie states to him (Mr. McPhail) that she was in favor of the South, and that she would prefer to help them if she could; that Jennie further statedto him (McPhail) that she had been in company with General Johnson, of the rebel army, several times. And further Mr. McPhail told my operative that he had heard of Getty's arrival in Baltimore, andwas on the lookout to arrest him when he learned that Getty had been to the office of the provost-marshal in Baltimore seeking employement with a letter from General Dix, and that he had in his company Mr. Hanscomb, one of the reporters of The New York Herald, being the same gentleman alluded to before in this report.

I beg further to report while in this connection that when Mr. Getty first applied to me for employment after having been referred to me by Colonel Marcy that he (Getty) offered to act as a xsecret agent of the Government with no other reward than to be allowed to receive at some point on the potomac near to Frederick, Md., The Baltimore Sun and pass with it beyond out lines into Virginia. A proposition which upon its face was evidence of his unfitness for so responsible a trust as he sought at the hands of General Dix and Colonel Marcy, as well as of his anxiety for some pretext for communicating with the enemy to no good purpose for this Government.

I have further to report that my operative aforesaid called upon General Dix at Fort McHenry where he was received by the general and aided in every way that my operative could desire. My operative reports to me that Major-General Dix told him that Getty came to Fort McHenry at the time before alluded to when he sought employment of the provost-marshal in Baltimore, and brought letters to him (General Dix) from Colonel Marcy, and that Getty on that occasion was accompanied by Mr. Hanscomb, reporter for The Herald aforesaid, and that he made application to him (General Dix) for employment, he (Getty) stating to him (General Dix) that Colonel Marcy and General Porter were very anxious that he (General Dix) should give him (Getty) employment. He (Getty) had never seen General Porter on the subject. That General Dix further stated to my operative aforesaid that as Getty and Hanscomb left his office that Hanscomb remarked to Getty that they (meaning himself and Getty) should have to go back to Washington.

I also ask to further report that upon my operative leaving Baltimore, Deputy Marshal McPhail gave him a letter from himself (McPhail) addressed to me in which hestated among other things in substance that Getty had been engaged ever since the war commenced in giving aid and comfort to the enemy; that he was the chumand lover of the notorious Jennie Smith, who when arrested in June last at the Relay House was found to have percussion caps and military buttons under her garments, and that his (McPhail's) impression was that Getty was gathering information for the rebels rather than for the Federal Government. In concluding his letter to me, the deputy marshal aforesaid says: "If Getty is not guilty of the charge of being a spy he is certainly not fit to be trusted by the Government on account of his associations. " In conluding this already perhaps too lengthy report permit me to add that although the evidence of this case is not as fulland complete asmight be necessary to sustain the charge against Getty of being a spy yet it goes very far to show that he is a dangerous man to be at large in the present exigency of the Government. His own

