
loyalty is at least doubtful and his associations are which persons who sympathize with our enemies. He is an active, educated man, possessing in no smallents of character and the use of means which render his safe-keeping in my judgment a military necessity.

All of which us respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN.

COMMISSION RELATING TO POLITICAL PRISOENRS,

Washington, March 21, 1862.

W. P. WOOD, Esq.,

Supt. of the Old Capitol Military Prison, Washington, D. C.

SIR: You will please discharge William F. Getty * * * on [his] taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHNA. DIX,

EDWARDS PIERREPONT,

Commissioners.

I, William F. Getty, of the city of Baltimore, State of Maryland, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Union and Contitution and the Government of the United States as established by that Constitution against all enemies whether domestic or foreign; and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoeverl; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

WM. F. GETTY.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st day of March, 1862.

EDWARDS PIERREPONT.

Case of William H. Aymar.

William H. Aymar, of New Orleans, claiming to be a British subject, was captured on the 1st of October, 1861, on the chooner Joseph H. Toone, of which he was nominally the owner, off Timblier Island to the southward, apparently endeavoring to evade the blocakde and enter the port of New Orleans. The capture was made by Captain Alden, of the U. S. steamer South Carolina. Aymar was detained, as well as the vessel and crew, and was lodged in Fort Lafeytte on the 12th of November, 1861. The schooneer Joseph H. Toone was an American built vessel and no information is at hand relative to her transfer to British ownership. It does not appear that any inquiry has been instituted touching the time, place or other circumstances or the good faith of her change of nationality, nor touching the reality of the pretended ownewhich he says accrued by purchase just previous to her sailing on this voyage. Aymar left New Orleans on the same vessel on the 25th of August, 1861, and safely evading the block-

