
ade arrived at Havana, where the vessel was discharged, again loaded and cleared for Tampico, Mexico, and sailed on the 25th or 26th of September, and was captured on the 1st of October, as before stated. On the 23rd of November, 1861, Aymar was released from confinement. In Aymar's correspondence are occasional expressions showing the nature of the enterprise in which he was engaged with his vessel when captured. In a latter addressed to Henry L. Church, who appears to be a partner of Aymar, dated December 6, 1861, he says. * - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

WASHINGTON, November 19, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: Mr. William H. Aymar, a British subject who is imprisoned in Fort Lafeyette, has made an appeal to Mr. Archibald, Her Majesty's consul at New York. I have the honor to request you to cause orders to be given to enable Mr. Archibald to visit the prisoner.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, sir, your most obedient humble servant,

LYONS.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., November 19, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: On the 1st of October, 1861, the British schooner Joseph H. Toone, Captain pennington, boung from Havana to Mexico, owned by me (a British subject) and having on board a cargo principally belonging to Spanish subjects, was seized by the U. S. steamer South Carolina, Captain Alden, and myself, captain and crew have been sent to this fort as prisoners of war. Feeling convinced that the United States Government will do me justice and restore property on proper proof of my innocence of any intention to run the blockade or in any way violate the strict neutrality which I in common with all Her Britannic Majesty's subjects am commanded to observe, I trust that you will give the necessary instructions for a prompt examination, or if that is not practicable allow me to give sureties to remain in the Norther States until my presence is required by the proper tribunals.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. AYMarch

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, Novembe 21, 1861.

The Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 19th instant requesting that Mr. Archibald may be enabled to visit William H. Aymar, a British subject imprisoned in Fort Lafayette, and to state in reply that orders have been given for his discharge.

I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to your lordship the assurance of my high consideration.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

---------------

* This and other quoted extracts from Aymar's intercepted correspondence is here omitted. For full text of letter, see p. 911 et seq.

---------------

