
money, never advised men to go in the Southern army nor in any other manner comitted any act of disloyalty to the Government," and then says:

It is proper, however, to say to you that we were in favor of Kentucky's maintaining a neutral position in the consent and equally opposed to the invasion of the State by the Federal forces as by the Confederates, and advocated that policy.

It is unnecessary to remark that the expression of these sentiments is as conclusive proof of a disloyal heart as the commission of any of the acts mentioned by General Nelson.

On the 17th of December, 1861, Stanton addresed a letter to the President of the United States in his own behalf in which he repeats his offensive parallel between the national forces and the rebels, and has the effrontery to use this language:

I was, however, most earnestly opposed to the sending of arms into Kentucky and believed that the arming of one political party against the other could result in no good and was only calculated to engender trouble. I was opposed also to the invasion of the State by either the Federal troops or the Confederates and advocated in good faith the perfect neutrality of Kentucky.

On the 26th day of December, 1861, the said Stanton was released from custody on taking the oath of allegiance with stipulations against future misconduct.

William T. Casto was arrested at Maysville, Ky., his residence, on the 2nd day of October, 1861, by order of General Nelson as being one of a clique of rebels there who were fometing treason and disturbance in Eastern Kentucky. He was sent to Camp Chase in Ohio and subsequently to Fort Lafayette at General Nelson's request. On the 29th of November, 1861, General Nelson wrote to the Department of State requesting Casto's release on taking the oath of allegiance. On the 4th of December, 1861, in compliance with General Nelson's request Casto was ordered to be released on his taking the oath of allegiance but he declined to receive his dicharge from confinement on such terms. On the 17th of January, 1862, another order of like import was made for his enlargement but he again refused to comply with the conditions. emained in custody at Fort Lafayette February 15, 1862, when he was transferred to the charge of the War Department.

Isaac Nelson was arrested by order of General Nelson in Kentucky in Ocober, 1861, and sent to Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, and from thence transferred to Fort Lafayette. General Nelson writing to the Secretary of State under date of 29th of November, 1861, says:

In October last for reasons that met the approval of the War Department I arrested and sent to Columbus, Ohio, the following active secessionists, viz, R. H. Stanton, William Hunt, William T. Casto, Isaac Nelson, George Forrester, B. F. Thomas and james H. Hall, and I beg to request that these men with the exception of R. H. Stanton may be released on their taking the oath of allegiance.

An order was issued from the Department of State dated December 4, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Frot Lafayette, to release Nelson on his taking the oath of allegiance. He was released December 7, 1861.

George Forresteer was arrested October 2, 1861, in Kentucky, by order of Brigadier-General Nelson and sent to Columbus, Ohio, and from thence he was at the request of General Nelson transferred to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State. He was charge with disloyalty and with being an active secessionist. On the recommendation of General Nelson an order was issued from the Department

