
of States dated December 4, 1861, direting Lieutenant-Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayetted, to release Forrested on his taking the oath of allegiance, &amp;c. He was accordingly released December 7, 1861.

B. F. Thomas was arrested by order of General Nelson at Maysville, Ky., and committed to Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, October 2, 1861. and from thence transferred to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with fitting out men and raising money for the rebel government. An order was issued from the Department of State dated December 4, 1861, directing Colonel Burke, commanding at Fort Lafayette, to release Thomas on his taking the oath of allegiance stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the United States nor hold correspondence with persons residing in those States nor do any act hostile to the United States. He was accordingly released December 7, 1861.

William Hunt was arrested in Kentucky by General Nelson about October 1, 1861, taken to Camp Chase in Ohio, and afterward transferred to Fort Lafayette. He was charged with being a violent secessionist and attempting to aid the rebels with money and with recruiting men for the Confederate Army. He was released by order of the Secretary of State December 7, 1861, on taking the oath of allegiance.

James H. Hall was arrested October 2, 1861, at Maysville, Ky., by General Nelson, comitted to Camp Chase and afterward transferred to Fort Lafayette by order of the secretary of State. Hall was charged with having strong secessionsympathies and with assisting the rebels with money and men. He was released December 7, 1861, by order of the Secretary of State on taking the oath of allegiance.

The first information the Department of State had concerning this man [William B. Tolle] was a letter from General W. Nelson dated October 5, 1861, directed to Honorable s. P. Chase and referred to this Department, in which General Nelson says he arrested Tolle and others on the 2nd instant on a charge of fitting out men for the Southern army, subscribing moneys, &c., anase at the request of his Union relatives; that he will bekept under surveillance, &c. An order was issued from the Department of State dated October 5, 1861, directing A. C. Sands, U. S. marshal of Ohio, to release Tolle on his taking the oath of allegiance, engaging not to enter or hold correspondence with any insurrectionary October 17, 1861. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

CAMP KENTON, Maysville, Ky., October 5, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Washington City.

DEAR SIR: On the 2nd instant I arrested several traitorous scoundrels who were engaged in fitting out men for the SOuthern army, subscribing moneys, getting up nightly drills and doing the manner of things usual among the secessionists. These men with the Honorable R. H. Stanton at their head I sent to Cincinnati to the care of the U. s. marshal there, and I trust they will be cared for effectually. Their arrest has relieved the community here of an incubus the most depressing.

Amonst them is man named W. B. Tolle. His wife is a good Union woman of a good Union family. Honorable W. H. Wadsworth, the

