
Member of Congress from this district, offers to be responsible for his future conduct if I will aks his release and provided Tolle will take the oath of allegiance of which there even seems to be some doubt. I promised his father-in-law to ask his release this morning, and I request that you will do me the favor to cause him to be discharged if he takes the oath of allegiance. My object is to show these rascals that we believe ourselves strong enough to afford to be generous. I will have him kept under surveillance and if he shows the slightest restiveness I will bag him afresh. His public arrest attracting attention to him will take away his power to do harm and make him afraid to attempt it. The rascal subscribed $200 to fit out a secession company, but at the earnest request of his Union relatives I am willing he should be let off - till next time.

Begging your favorable attention to this, I remain, yours, truly,

W. NELSON.

[Indorsement.]

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Though averse in general to the release of parties arrested yet if the case is in your jusrisdiction I hope you will give the order Nelson desires. The prisoenrs I believe are at Camp Chase, near Columbus.

S. P. CHASE.

CAMP KENTON, Near Maysville, Ky., October 7, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR.

SIR: On the 2nd instant I ordered the arrest of Honorable R. H. Stanton, formerly Member of Congress from this district, and with him six other active secessionists and sent themdown to Cincinnati, Ohio, to the care of General Mitchel. This man Stanton os the head of secession in Northeast Kentucky. He is the depositary of money for fitting out men from this and adjoining counties for the Southern army. He was actively engaged at the time of his arrest in establishing and maintaining nightly drills of armed traitors. He is in regular correspondence with Richmond, Va.

He received and announced to his traitor friends a message from Breckinridge but the day before his arrest to this effect: That he (Breckinridge) would be back at Prestonburg on or about the 10th of October and would assume command as general, and that all the companies willing to serve under him wouldmeet at that spot; and further that the main body of Beauregard's army would winter in Kentucky and that they (the secessionists) need not be afraid; they would be supported. As many as eight mounted messengers have left Stanton's house in one night. He has harbored in his house an officer of the Confederate Army. Two hudged and fifty-nine armed men of this neighborhood have gone to Prestonburg under his advice and aid. He is the soul of the rebellion in this part of Kentucky. After becoming satisfied of his doings I arrested him and sent him to General Mitchel and he is now at Camp Chase.

My object in writing is to request that he may be removed farther from the scene of his villainies. He is too close to us still. Heis a man of wonderful intellectual energy, personally truculent and cowardly but morally a very Catiline. His arrest has struck secession dumb here.

Very respectfully,

W. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

