
[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, October 14, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of State with request to have prisoners removed and cared for as indicated by General Nelson.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 14, 1861.

Brigadier General W. NELSON, Camp Kenton, near Maysville, Ky.

GENERAL: Your letter of the 7th instant relative to the arrest of R. H. Stanton and six other active secessionists has been received from the War Department. You will please send them to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, and report to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

CAMP CHASE PRISON, [Columbus] Ohio, October 14, 1861.

HARRISON TAYLOR, Esq.,

F. T. HOOD, Esq.

GENTLEMAN: We appeal to you as fello-townsmen and personal friends tolay before the proper authorities this communication and if possible procure our release or return to Kentucky. We assure you that it is not our intention and never has been in any manner to violate any law of the Federal or State government or to resist the authorities of either. The constituted authorities of the State having declared by legal enactments the policy of the Government and the duty of its citizens the only course for us and all other persons in the State is to give cheerful obedience to the laws. This we have always intended to and we pledged ourselves we will in good faith do if permitted to return home.

We authorize you for each and all of us to pledge us to the proper authorities that as good citizens we will give implicit obedience to the laws of the Federal and State governments and in no manner knowingly resist or violate either. We are citizens of Kentucky; our fate and our fortunes are identified with her and she having decided the controversary etween the parties we deemit our duty cheerfully to acquiesce in the decision of the constituted authorities and to give to the laws of Kentucky and of the United States our cordial obedience. We trust you know us well enough to believe that this pledge will be kept in good faith.

With much respect, we are, your friends,

R. H. STANTON.

B. F. THOMAS.

WM. HUNT.

ISAAC NELSON.

JAMES H. HALL.

GEO. FORRESTER.

OFFICE OF DISTRICT ATTORNEY,

Cincinnati, October 26, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: In pursuance of your telegram to the marshal of this district directing the release of W. B. Tolle, of Mason County, Ky., a

