
We understand we are ordered by you to Fort Lafayette. The prisoners from that fort have been ordered to Fort Warren. We beg you not to permit us to be taken to Fort warren but return us to Cincinnati or to Kentucky by the guard now with us, that our cases may be legally examined if you will not order our release upon the terms above proposed.

Very respectfully,

R. H. STANTON.

MAYSVILLE, KY., November 11, 1861.

The undersigned citizens of Maysville would state that they are well acquainted with their fellow-citizens R. H. Stanton, James H. hall, Benjamin F. Thomas, Isaac Belton, William T. Casto, WilliamHunt and George Forrester who have lately been arrested in our city and sent out of our State for either past political offenses or from apprehension that such offenses might be committed by them. We are informed by those in whom we have confidence that all these prisoners (with the exception of Mr. Casto, who protests his innocence of any offense and demands a trial) have over their own signatures peldged themselvesto abide by and perform all the laws of the State and Federal governments and yeild a cheerful acquiesence to all such authority; that as Kentucky has taken her position in the controversy now dividing the country, and that as good citizens whose interests are identified with her they will do nothing to militate against that position. We are also informed that all of these prisoners without exception have signifield their entire willingness to take the oath of allegiance to the State and Federal governments, and this they prpose to do cheerfully and willingly. They are also willing to be tried by any of the courts of Kentucky for any and every charge that may be preferred against them or to give any bonds with security of undoubted character for their future good behavior. From our personal knowledge of these gentlemen and their standing, position and characte in our community if they should now under all the circumstances take the oath of allegiance or otherwise promise fidelity and loyalty to the general and State governments we believe that full confidence may be placed in their complying with that obligation.

C. B. COONS.

J. BARBOUR.

LEWIS COLLINS.

A. M. JANNARY.

H. T. PEARCEY.

JAS. A. JOHNSON.

M. P. MARSHALL,

Senator of Marion and Lewis Counties, Ky.

MAYSVILLE, KY., November 18, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.

SIR: The undersigned Union men of Kentucky take the liberty of laying before Your Excellency the copy of a communication* addressed to F. T. Hoodand H. Taylor by R. H. Stanton, Isaac Nelson, Benjamin F. Thomas, James H. Hall, William Hunt and George Forrester, dated

---------------

* Omitted here. This letter will be found in its proper chronological order at p. 917.

---------------

