
October 14, 1861. These men were arreste in this city, sent to Camp Chase and from there to Fort Lafayette where they are now confined. We understand that they are political prisoners. We are not, however, fully informed of the exact nature of the charges preferred against them or upon which they were arrested.

The original communication from them is in the possession of Brigadier-General Nelson but we transmit herewith a true copy of it. Without intending to be understood as indorsing the protestations of innonce contained in the document we respectfully ask that they may be discharged from imprisonment and returned to their families upon condition that they will come under such obligations as will satisfy the Government and the community to which they desire to return of their intention hereafter to conduct themselves as loyal, obedient citizens to the constituted authorities of both the Federal and State governments. We also take the liberty of laying before you a copy of the proclamation of Brigadier-General Sherman, lately in command of the military Department of Kentucky, concerning arrests of this character.

We are, respectfully, your obedient servants,

FRANCIS T. HOOD.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTOF CUMBERLAND,Louisville, Ky., October 31, 1861.

The removal of prisoners (except spies and prisoners of war) from the State without giving theman opportunity for trial by the loyal tribuanls of the country does not meet the approval of the commanding-general. It is ordered that all such prisoners now under arrest or who may hereafter be arrested shall be taken before a judge or commissioner of the United States most convenient to the place of arrest, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 22, 1861.

Mr. WILLIAM NELSON NEWELL, Maysville, Ky.

DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of November 8 asking my interposition in behalf if Isaac Nelson and six others who are under arrest and have been conveyed beyond the bounds of the State. I haveno jurisdiction over the case in any way as the parties are no longer in this department, but any communicaiton their friends may address to the Secretary of War regarding them I will favorably indorse.

Respectfully,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 22, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have read the letter on the other side of this sheet from General Sherman to William Nelson Newell. I have no hesitation in advisingthe release of Isaac Nelson upon his agreeing to be a loyal citizen of

