
tion to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

[NOTE. - This order was also made sameday in the cases of Isaac Nelson, William Hunt, George Forrester, James H. Hall and B. F. Thomas.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, December 6, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

MY DEAR SIR: I have been informed that General Nelson remonstrates with the Department against my release, and it may be that my release may not be granted on that account. I have now been in custody for two months, one-half of which was spent in a most comfortless and exposed condition at Camp Chase, the consequence of which is that my health has been greatly impaired and part of the time I have remained here I have been quite sick. If it is not your intention to grant me an immediately release I respectfully ask that you will grant me a parole for one month to remain in New York City and Brooklyn. I have a sister living at Brooklyn at whose house I would stay but would like to have the privilege of going to the city. If it please you to grant me this favor I shall be ever grateful.

With the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

R. H. STANTON.

[Inclosure.]

FORT HAMILTON, New York harbor, December 6, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, &amp;c.

SIR: From what I know of the prisoner, Mr. Stanton, I would respectfully recommend that his request be grated provided the Honorable Frederick P. Stanton, of Kansas, would be a guarantee of the parole of his brother.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery, Commanding.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, December 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Please receive oaths of allegiance and stipulations of George Forrester, James H. Hall, Isaac Nelson, William Hunt and Benjamin F. Thomas. This by authority of yours of the 4th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

I, George Forrester, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary not-

