
withstanding; and further that I do this with a full detemination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservation or evasion whatsoever; and fufther that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law, and that I will neither enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the United States Governmentnor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State, and also that I will not do anything ostile to the United States during the present insurrection. So help me God.

GEORGE FORRESTER.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 7th day of December, 1861.

ROBT. MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

[NOTE. - The oath and stipulation signed by Messrs. Hall, Hunt, Nelson and Thomas was identical with the above.]

WASHINGTON, December 7, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Having called to pay my respects to you without succeeding in obtaining an interview I trouble you with this letter. A number of my constituens and townsmen were arrested by Brigadier-General Nelson in Maysville, Ky., sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, and thence to Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor. I remember the following, viz, R. H. Stanton, esq., W. T. Casto, James h. Hall, Benjamin F. Thomas, William Hunt, Isaac Belson and George Forrester. These persons were arrested without warrant and instantly hurried from their homes and State and a trial by habeas corpus denied. The public safety may require the arrest and detention in this manner of dangerous and important persons; neverheless I do not entertain a doubt but that a number of these citizens should at once be discharged and sent home to their families and friends. I will name such as I place in this class: William Hunt, Benjamin F. Thomas, Isaac Nelson, George Forrester and James H. Hall. The four first named are unimportant persons - very much out of place in Fort Lafayette. I do not believe anything can be established against them but secession talk and sentiments. * * *

General Nelson after their arrest freely consulted with me and I with him and I assert that no facts came to our knowledge compromising them. General Nelson promised me before we left for Prestonburg to interfere in their behalf, and expressed the opinion that they should be allowed to come home. Their families (my neighbors) are in great distress. They promise obedience to the laws. They are slight, unimportant people. I strongly recommend their immediate release and to this end I am a respecful petitioner. I protest against their further imprisonment without a trial at least in the loyal and peaceful place of their arrest.

It would be ratifying to the Kentucky Members of Congress as well as to myself to know that Mr. Stanton and Charles S. Morehead and other Kentuckians held as prisoenrs are made as comfortable as their former standing and habits require and the public interest permits. I trust you will excuse this remark since I have heard through a colleague that Mr. Morehead was not comfortably lodged.

With sentiments of great respect, I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

W. H. WANDSWORTH.

