
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, New York, December 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: The inclosed letter was received by me this day from R. H. Stanton now confined in Fort Lafayette. I know nothing of the merits of his case beyond the fact that the five Kentuckians discharged by me on Saturday in pursuance to your order vouched for his loyalty and his willigness to take the oath of allegiance. I accordingly promised to forward any communication that he might send me in relation to his arrest to the Department of State, and await your instructions.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., December 7, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal.

MY DEAR SIR: I understand you were at the fort to-day, and I regret that I could not have had an interview with you. The Kentucky prisoners who were arrested with me you are aware were released to-day. Our cases are precisely alike. None of us had committed any offense and there existed in the department at Washington no charges against either of us. I am detained I have not the least doubt through the instrumentality of one or two malignant men who have abused the confidence of General Nelson. I have never taken any part in the rebellion, never designed to do so, nor have I contributed in any way to aid it. I have always given cheerful obedience to the laws, never advocated the secession of Kentucky, and have always been willing to take and keep in good faith the oath of allegiance. I have been informed by Mr. Forrester that you kindly propose to intercede for my release upon a statement fromme of what I am willing to do. I do not know anything else I can do more than take the oath of allegiance. The rebellion does not range inmy region nor of I know of any intention there upon the part of anybody to engage in it. If I had the disposition to do wrong I could do no harm there and no possible injury could result from my release. If you can aid me in effecting it I shall be under everlasting obligations to you.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. H. STANTON.

P. S. - My health has been very much impaired since my confinement and I feel sure I cannot improve in that respect while here.

FORT LAFAYETTE, N. Y., December 17, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the Unite States.

SIR: Near three months ago while giving cheerful obedience to the laws and in the peaceful pursuit of my usual and ordinary occupations I with several other citizens of Maysville, Ky., was arrested by order of General William Nelson and sent to Ohio, where I was imprisoned at Camp Chase for a month and from thence transferred to this fort where I have been kept confined ever since.

At the time of my arrest there was no insurrection in my neighborhood and none intended or contemplated. I had never engaged in the rebellion or thought for a single moment of doing so. I never encour-

