
nor was there to my knowledge any design to resist the Government or take up arms or otherwise engaged in the rebellion in that quarter.

I am perfectly amazed that such charges have been made by General Nelson, and am utterly at a loss to imagine how even a suspicion of such conduct on my part could have been indulged. Fortunately for me two gentleman of the highest standing and respectability in Maysville lived at my house at the time - Hiram Bassett, esq., teller in the Bank of Kentucky, and his farther - both of whom know these charges against me to be false. They were there at my house all the time when I myself was there and I refer to them and all my neighbors in vindication of myself against these foul calumnies. General Leslie Coombs is now in Washington; has known Mr. Hiram Bassett (who is now grand master of the Grand Lodge of Kentucky) for many years and can assure you of his integrity and high character. He also knows Mr. James Bassett, his farther. I beg further to say that I never wrote a line to any living man in the seceded States on the subject of the rebellion nor to any one elsewhere in promotion of the rebellion; nor did I ever write or talk to any man with a view of procuring arms to resist the Government and never entertained the idea for a single moment of encouraging or aiding such resistance.

Having thus recorded my denial of General Nelson's charges against me as far as I have learned them, and referred you to persons by whom they can be actually disproved, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. H. STANTON.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 24, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Let Richard H. Stanton, a prisoner confined in Fort Lafayette, be released on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States. I transmit this order to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharge from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by them to persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

I, Richard H. Stanton, do solemnly swear that I will support, protect and defend the Constitution and Government of the United Sttaes against all enemies whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance and loiyalty to the same any ordinance, resolution or law of any State convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanting; and fufther that I do this with a full determination, pledge and purpose without any mental reservaiton or evasion whatsoever; and further that I will well and faithfully perform all the duties which may be required of me by law. So help me God.

R. H. SANTON.

Sworn to and subscribed befroe me this 26th day of December, 1861.

HARRY B. NOBLE,

First Lieutenant, Eighth Infantry, Judge-Advocate of Court-Martial.

59 R R - SERIES II, VOL II

