
those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. You will pleasemake the stipulations a part of the oath. I transmit this order to Robert Murray, esq., U. S. marshal, who has been instructed by this Department to cause a police examination to be made in some cases of the persons and baggage of prisoners discharged from custody to the end that no correspondence or other improper papers be conveyed by themto persons outside the fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

FORT LAFAYETTE, January 17, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Learning that al communications fromprisoners in regard to their cases must be directed to you and not to any one in the character of attorney or agent, I take this opportunity of respectfully presenting mine. I was arrested in Maysvillein the State of Kentucky on the 2nd day of October last, by order of General William Nelson and was immediately sent to the State of Ohio, where at Camp Chase near Columbus I was kept for one month and was thence removed to this place where I have since been detained.

I have endeavored assiduously to learn the cause of my arrest but have not heard up to this time that any charges whatever have been allegeed against me either in Kentucky or in washington, and indeed I am confident that none to my prejudice can be sustained. At the time of my arrest there was no excitementin regard to the rebellion in the part of the State where I lived, but on the coeaceful and quiet, and so far as I know there was no one aiding the rebellion by speech or act. If my arrest was made to gratify the private malice of enemies at home I think that an imprisonment of nearly four months far away from my business and friends would be sufficient to gratify even them, but if they should desire that I be sent to Kentucky to answer opportunity it would give me to disprove any and all allegations that have been made to injure me in the estimation of the community in which I reside. If, however, you should not think it advisable to send me home for trial I would be glad to receive a parole that will enable me to visit my home at least for a short time that I may settle my business which I left in a deranged condition with nobody in my stead to take charge of it. At the beginning of the year the debts that have accrued in my favor and against me cannot be arranged by an agent without great detriment tomy interests; but I desire a parole chiefly that I may visit a near female relative residing at Aberdeen in the State of Ohio who is at the of death and whom it would be a great gratification to see once more if only for a short time. Inclosed you will find a letter* which I received concerning her a few days ago.

I have no friend in Washington to whomI can refer you except perhaps Colonel W. A. Richardson, of Illinois, whom I met some years ago on Lake Superior. I am not certain that he will rememberme, but I can refer you to Colonel W. H. Lytle, U. S. Army, of Cincinnati, who is my friend and who I feel confident would cheerfully serve me at this time.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

