
I may further state that I have some property in Kentucky and would be able to give bond and security for the faithful observance of my parole.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. T. CASTO.

P. S. - Will you be kind enough to return the inclosed letter?

W. T. C.

FORT LAFAYETTE, January 20, 1861.

Honorable W. H. Seward, Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: Having written to you a few days ago in regard to a parole and receiving yesterday a proffer of a release conditioned on my taking the oath of allegiance, to prevent any misapprehension on your part on account of my failure to take the oath I avail myself of the delay of my former letter which has not yet reached you to address you a few lines that will explain it.

The order states that I was arrested on the 5th of November, whereas I was arrested on the 2nd of October and have been in prison now nearly four months. My former letter will explain to you the circumstances of my arest and other facts not necessary to be repeated here. I am confident as are all my friends at home that my arrest was made togratify the private malice of secret enemies and not on account of any disloyal acts or intentions, which acts or intentions they have been unable or fear to allege against me. If any charges could have been even plausibly preferred against me it is reasonable to suppose that nearly four months during my improsinment would have given ample opportunity. I have never during this long time requested my release and have awaited patiently the returning sense of justice of those who were instrumental in bringing me to this trouble.

A few weeks ago I addressed letters to Hons. J. J. Crittenden and L. W. Powell to interest thhemselves to procure mea parole, but they have not replied thinking I suppose it was not the policy of the Government to grant them. But finding that paroles were subsequently permitted to some who were in this and other places for valid reasons I have since addressed one letter to yourself and another to Colonel Richardson, of Illinois, the only gentleman in Washington with whom I can claiman acquaintance. The oath in my case it seems to me would imply that I have at least given some cause to justify my long impis far gratify the malice of enemies who have traduced my character during my absence and otherwise seriously injured me. As I stated in my former letter my business has suffered and at the beginning of the year suffer greatly more without my personal attention. A short visit home would enable me to arrange my matters which I left in a very confused condition. I have a near, dying relative concerning whom I sent you a letter inclosed in my former whom a parole would enable me to see likely for the last time. There, sir, are the only reasons I have to offer you for a brief parole. I hope you may deem them sufficient.

Very respectfully,

W. T. CASTO.

P. S. - Inclosed you will find the letter* referred to in my former letter but which was omitted by mistake.

W. T. C.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

