
ment. The Franklin Gazette, publiched by F. D. Flanders, was all the time from the outhbreak of the rebellion conducted in the same spirit manifested in the letter of J. R. Flanders. August 17, 1861, it said:

There is but one course to pursue - pronounce against the war, denounce the usurpation and the military despositm at Washington, demand peace and the recognition of the Southern Confederacy as the only method of saving from certain and universal destruction our free institutions, the liberties of the people and the property. business and prosperity of the country.

August 31, 1861, the Gazette published the proceedings of the meeting at Fort Convington and secession speech described in the foregoing affidavits, with a set of resolutions written by J. R. Flanders, on of which is as follows:

Resolved, That every consideration of patriotism and of public interest demands the immediate discontinuance of the present unnatural and destructive civil war, though this should involte the recognition of the independence of the Southern Confederacy; that a continiance of the war will not restore the Union, but will only render its ultimate reconstruction the more distant and hopeless.

The Gazette having been excluded from the mails by order of the Postmaster-General for its disloyalty on the 21st of September it appeals for increased support as follows:

Our friends in avery town and every neighborhood should now make an effort to add to our subscription. * * * We are fighting by peaceful discussion and lawful agitation the old battle of the Revolution over again. The liberties then won are now prostate under the heel of a military despotism.

In the issue of September 28 the Gazette draws a parallel between recent events in our own country and "the acts of the Russian Government against the freedom of the Poles" and "the despoticmeasures of Austria in Hungary and Italy. " It says:

The overthrow of the State government and legislature of Missouri is of but recent occurrence. Last week the legislature of Maryland was broken up by an armed force.

It presents as parallel and of the same character with acts so described some severe military measures of repression in Hungary. The same paper says:

There is no really intelligent man who does not know that the deplorable consent in which the two great sections of our country are engaged will result in the recognition of two separate confederations.

October 5, 1861, the Gazette said:

This war will be a disastrous failure on the part of the Lincoln Administration and will result as Mr. Douglas foretold in a treaty of separation.

October 12, 1861, the Gazette has these words:

This war of consequent has but just begun and already it has converted the Government itself into a despotism and the last vestige of freedom is fast disappearing. * * * Were we to stop the war now and make peace even upon terms of separation with the South we might re-establish our liberties. But conquer the South and the same causes which have already converted our Government into a despotism would operate to keepit such. * * * Then it somes plainly to this that war upon the South has transformed our Government into a despotism. A consequent of the South would forever keep our Government a despotism. From the first we can escape ifwe will but stop the war. * * * Let him who believes conquest possible, which we do not, take warning in time. No man can in his sover senses favor this war unless it be the politican who expects to get office by it or the public plunderer who expects to make money by it or the bloodthirsty abolitionist who hopes for servile insurrections and universal conflagration and massacre to grow out of it.

There is evidence that J. R. Franders previous to the outbreak of the rebellion was by friendly correspondence encouraging the spirit of

