
[Inclosure.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT, October 9, 1861.

Flag Officer L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

SIR: In consequence of the detriment to the public interest arising from the frequently of flags of truce passing between Fort Monroe and Nortfolk it is hereby directed that hereafter all correspondence is to be confined to the prisoners at New York and other places, no one of whom is to be allowed to write oftener than once a month, and then the letter must not exceed six lines. All letters are to be open and to undergo the usual inspection. No flag of truce is hereafter to convey any person from Fort Monroe except by the special authority of the proper department at Washington.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

FORT HAMILTON,

New York Harbor, Wednesday, October 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State of the United States.

SIR: Pursuant to your dispatch of the 8th to Marshal Murray the following prisoners have been discharged and I herewith inclose their oaths of allegiance: Thomas Kelly, Charles Williams, Stephen Bennett, James B. Hoggard, William f. Capehart, Cartwright Thompson, John Murphy, Perry White and Issac Swindle.

In consultation with Marshal Murray I have discharged the following foreigners: Edward Heinrichs, Erick Brundeen, John Johnston, George Parker, William Brown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., October 9, 1861.

Brigadier General HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding at Cambridge, Md.

GENERAL: All the disunion companies in Queen Anne's County should be disarmed. I much prefer that you should do the work with you Delaware troops. Arms and prisoners should be sent here. I am trying to get a steamer to put at your disloyal. If I do not succeed I must send you our tug at Annapolis. We can spare her two or three days in a week.

If you can get any legitimate authority, executive or military, in Delaware to direct the disbandment or disarming of companies in that State is should be done. In that case I think the arms had better be deposited at Fort Deleware. I have been urging the Government for two months to send a force into Accomac and Northampton Counties, Va., and break up the rebel camps there. General McClellan encouraged me to believe that it would be done and I trust it will not be delayed much longer.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

