
treason in Kentucky. A well-known leader of the secessionists in that State, William Preston Johnson, wrote him on the 31st of December, 1860, thanking him for his kind feelings, assuring him that Kentucky, the most conservative Southern State, would certainly secede and inviting him to go there to reside. There is evidence in the correspondence of F. D. Flanders that his efforts to produce disaffection were understood to be intended to discourage and prevent enslistment. Our correspondent in Clinton County says:

We can say for Ellenburg no Democrat has gone to the war from here. Thise who have gone were bearers of the lantern last fall. Here we work according to orders from headquarters. Let those who elected the President subdue the rebellion.

That the course of both J. R. and F. D. Flanders was to a considerable extent successful in restraining and preventing enlistment in their locality there is the testimony not only of the boats of their followers but of the complaints against them as above set forth. These persons appear to be partisan politicians of a peculiar type, adopting and advocating the most extreme views with a zeal and apparent conviction which incapacitate them for discrimination as to the right and duties of citizens under the widely different circumstances of peace and war. Unlimited freedom of discussion is the habit of the American people and in times of peace no objection has ever been urged against the free promulgation of the wildest notions and the most absurd and foolish sophistries; though it cannot be claimed as a right at any time without restrain or responsibility to advocate the subversion of the Constitution. The acts of these persons are so connected that it is inconvenient to consider them separately. J. R. Flanders is the speaker and writer and F. D. Flankers the editor and publisher. In many of their most offensive acts they have been jointly guilty, F. D. Flanders publishing what the other had written. Their adhesion to the rebels and the aid and comfort they have given them have broving their doctrines and their course of action, justifying their treason, boasting of their power, exulting in their successes and glorifying their achievements. The said J. R. Flanders and F. D. Flanders remained in custody at Fort Warren February 15, 1862, when in accordance with the order of the War Department of the preceding day they were transfered to the charge of that Department. - From Record Book, State Department, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, September 20, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD, Assistant Secretary of State, Washington.

DEAR SIR: In reply to the letter* of the Secretary of State of current date addressed to the Postmaster-General recommending the prohibition of The Franklin Gazette newspaper from the mails for its treasonable character I beg to inform you that the proper order was made and duly given to the postamster at Malone, N. Y., as well as to other parties through whom the order would be effectually enforced on the 9th of September instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. KASSON,

First Assistant Postmaster-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

