
OGDENSBURG, October 9, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

DEAR SIR: Mr. Dart, the U. S. district attorney for this district, consulted me uesterday respecting charges against Joseph R. Flanders and F. D. Flanders, of Malone, in Franklin County. Mr. Dart had no copies of the affodavits that have been sent to your Department, but stated the substance of what they contained and other facts. The facts charged against the Flander's do not constitute treason as that crime is defined by the Constitution. Some of the allegations are that Joseph addresses public meetings advocating the right of secession and denouncing the Government and the war. His brother publishes the paper which has been sent to you. Other persons instigated by them have formed combinations declaring the intention to resist the collection of taxes for the support of the war. The secession flag has been raised in two towns - in one case by an individual, in the other by the people of a neighborhood who declared their intention to defend it. When movements were made to organize a body of loyal men to go out and take it down by force Joseph sent a messenger to the dissaffected neighborhood and the flag was taken down by the parties who raised it. secret societies of the disaffected have been formed. The disaffected are persons whose opinions and action are influenced by the two Flanders. I do not doubt the disaffection and troubles in Franklin County are instigated and fomented by the Flander'sand that they deserve to be arrested and detained until they would consent to take the oath of allegiance or until their conduct could be filly investigated by a grand jury. Mr. Dart will write you fully.

Respectfully,

PRESTON KING.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 18, 1861.

EDWARD J. CHASE, Esq., U. S. Marshal, Lockport, N. Y.

SIR: You will arrest Francis D. Flanders and Joseph R. Flanders, of the county of Franklin, State of new York, and send them to Fort Lafayette. Secure all their letters and other papers and forward them to this Department.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

FORT HAMILTON, New York Harbor, October 23, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City, D. C.

SIR: I have this day received as prisoners Francis D. Flanders and Joseph R. Flanders. They have been sent to Fort Lafayette by order of the honorable the Secretary of State of the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

OGDENSBURG, N. Y., October 30, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: You may recollect me as the late U. S. attorney of the northern district of New York. Allow me to premise the subject-matter of my letter by saying that I believe that I have labored more assiduously

