
CLEVELAND. COLUMBUS AND CINCINNATI R. R. COMPANY,

Cleveland, Ohio, October 9, 1861.

A. G. LAWRENCE, Esq.

DEAR SIR: Yours of September 15 came to hand just as I was leaving home. I placed it under a pile of letters lying on my desk for future examination that it might be out of sight, and having been absent much of the time since it entirely slipped my mind until yesterday; in overhauling my unanswered letters I discovered it. This is my excuse for not replying at an earlier date. In regard to the conversation of Mr. Henry Garrett, of Baltimore, to which I was an unwilling and exasperated listener, it was not as relating to what he had done or intended to do but was of a bombastic and boasting character; of the night tone and ability of the rebel officers and men; of the great deeds they had done and were to do; of the large number, wealth and character of the men Baltimore had furnished the Southern army; that they would soon have President Lincoln and his Cabinet, and much more of the same sort that I cannot now recollect. I looked upon it as the gossiping of a weak-headed man. That he would be an active traitor to the Government had be the ability I have but little doubt, but unless I much misjudge him he has not capacity to benefit the enemies or injure the friends of the Government. I hardly think if bagged he would be worth the ammunition used to bring him down.

Hoping that all the enemies of the country may be speedily subjugated, I am, truly, yours,

L. M. HUBBY.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, October 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th instant and inclosures relative to the captain and crew of the schooner Revere recently captured by the U. S. S. Cambrige. The Department has directed in accordance with your suggestion the release of the captain of the Revere if in custody at Fortress Monroe, and has written for an explanation* of the harsh treatment alleged to have been inflicted upon certain of the crew of the Revere.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: Will you have the kindness to furnish this Department at your earliest convenience with a list of the prisoners now in your custody at Forts Lafayette and Columbus, New York Harbor, and by whose authority they were committed, together with the date of their reception by you?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

(Same to General John A. Dix, Fort McHenry, and General John E. Wool, Fort Monroe.)

---------------

* See Welles to Seward, November 23, with its inclosures, p. 158.

---------------

