
subjugated. And if you are dreaming and others are dreaming such a dream you and they will soon awake to realities which will startle and disappoint you all.

But enough of prophecy. I have frankly stated my position. There I stand (I can nowhere else), and be assured there I shallstand "till the crack of doom. "

With the kindest regards to your family and assurances of the most sincere petrsonal friendship to you, I remain, yours, truly,

J. R. FLANDERS.

[Numbers 4.]

CHATEAUGAY, September 16, 1861.

Mr. F. D. FLANDERS, Malone, N. Y.

SIR: Having for a few months past taken your interesting paper (and yet none of the time having the same views as that sheet contains), I feel now that I can no longer read a paper which upholds the rebelious part of the union and condemns all that is done under the present Administration. I therefore consider it my duty (as well as the duty of all who take it) to order it to stop coming to me, and by sending no more to me you will oblige,

M. J. WARREN.

U. S. DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE,

Postdam, November 5, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Under your warrant of arrest of the 11th of October the Messrs. Flanders, of Malone, Franklin County, N. Y., were arrested and taken to Fort Lafayette. That contained no warrant to search for and seize papers. Yours of the 18th came to Albany after the marshal and myself had both left and did not come to my hands until last week when Deputies Dow and Tucker made a search for papers and correspondence and seized a large amount of papers* as to F. D. Flanders, I fear of no value, and of little if any against Joseph R. The deputies were satisfied from the conduct of the ladies of the above-named gentlemen that their papers had been overlooked and everything of a treasonable nature disposed of. Certain resolutions, however, in the handwriting of J. R. Flanders and an address understood to have been delivered at an organization of a secret society in Bombay, the articles of association of which society are blindly set forth in a paper found in that town recently with the names of many of the prominent citizens of that place appended to it (a copy of which is here inclosed) may be of service. That society is now in actual operation, holding weekly meetings, and their objects and purposes are understood to be treasonable.

James C. Spencer, esq., ex-district attorney of this district and a brother-in-law of J. R. Flanders, has I understand in company with others gone to Washington to procure the release of the Messrs. Flanders. I inclose his letter to Mrs. J. R. Flanders and ask that its contents be noted. Mrs. F. D. Flanders is now editing The Franklin Gazette and I inclose to you the two issues+ of it since her husband's arrest. Mr. Spencer's note, "Tell Louisa to draw it mild in the Gazette or she will make all my labor in vain," was intended for the editress of

---------------

* See p. 945 et seq. for portions of correspondence seized.

+ Not found.

---------------

