
Resolved, That this war upon the seceding States was commenced by the President in palpable violation of the Constitution, and has been attended at every step of its progress by a bold and recless disregard of the provisions of that sacred instrument. In the suspension of the habeas corpus, the establishment of martial law, the seizure and imprisonment of citizens without warrant or legal authority, the raising of standing armies and quartering them upon whole States in subversion of State authority, the shooting down od unoffending citizens and even women and children by his armed soldiery in the streets of our cities, the searching of houses and the seizure of private papers by the military alone, the President has committed acts which at a much earlier and less enlightened period than the present would have brought the head of an English sovereighn to the block, and when committed by the Chief Magistrate of a constitutional republic he should at least be held rigidly responsible in the mode prescribed by the Constitution and the laws for these high-handed attacks upon public liberty.

Resolved, That this war can result in nothing but evol. It has already prostrated the business of the country and destroyed the prosperity of the people. It is loading us with a burden of debt and taxation which will continue and depress the energies and prosperity of the people for ages. It is spreading mourning and woe throughout the land and when it shall end, be it sooner or later, all its sacrifices and evils will only have resulted in leaving us a dissevered country and making of us two distinct peoples, divided and alienated from each other, because as history will surely attest and the civilized world will declare, the degenerate and ungrateful sons of a portion of the founders of our liberties and free government would not respect and fulfill in good faith and in a fraternal spirit the compact entered into by their fathers with their Southern brethren.

Resolved, That every consideration of partiotism and of public interest demands the immediate discontinuance of the present unnatural and destructive civil war, though this should involve the recognition of the independence of the Southern Confederacy; that a continuance of the war will not restore the Union but will only render its ultimate reconstruction the more distant and hopeless.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

OGDENSBURG, October 31, 1861.

DEAR AUGUSTA: Your letters with Joseph's arrived to-day when I was hard at work for the boys and I assure you they gave me new courage to work on. You may get up hope as high as you can carry (seventy-five pounds to the square inch will not burst the boiler) for I feel very sanguine that we shall get them out, and soon too I hope. Tell Louisa to draw it mild in the Gazette or she will make all my labor in vain. I am satisfied that Wheeler's acount to you is correct. I think I understand the whole matter, and if I do not I certainly shall, and shall be able to work understandingly.

Yours, truly,

JAMES.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 12, 1861.

WILLIAM A. DART, Esq.,

U. S. District Attorney, Potsdam, N. Y.

SIR: Please consult the Honorable Preston King in reference to the case of Mrs. Flanders, and should he concur in deeming it advisable arrest her

