
and convery her to this city to be delivered into the custody of the provost-marshal.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

MALONE, FRANKLIN COUNTY, N. Y., November 15, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEAR SIR: Knowing you are a noble man and have been much harassed with the cares of state I venture and fear to address a letter for your own perusal. Our enemies in this and we believe in an adjoining county have used their utmost exertions to stop a little Democratic sheet published in this town. It is respectful and has always been toward the Government, though acting according to its convictions it could not fully coincide with it. Its crime, if crime it be, and only crime has been in holding to the peace policy. We do not deny that it still holds to the same opinion. But we cannot believe that the Secretary of State does or ever has feared The Franklin Gazette will overthrow the Government or that it is guilty of giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

Why not then, dear sir, allow it egress through the mails? I will not deceive you. Its editor, F. D. Flanders, was more than three weeks ago taken without knowing the charges against him and without an examination in any shape to Fort Lafayette, and from thence soon removed to Fort Warren. All his friends hereabout believe you were wrought upon to give the order of arrest by our Congressman, William A. Wheeler, Mr. Dart, of Potsdam, and perhaps Preston King, of Ogdensburg, and we can only think the act on their part was one of personal spite, not from patriotism or out of a disinterested love to the Government. It can be proved, however, that William A. Wheeler has said to a number of respectable gentlemen that he had no part in the matter.

My husband is an innocent but not a fawning man. He is true to his country. I do not write at this time to plead my husband's cause. I call on you to confer with the Postmaster-General about revoking the order which forbade the Gazette privileges of mail transportation. I have since my husband's arrest become its editress, and having a family of small children dependent now on me for support and feeling myself guilty of no disloyalty to my native land I dare appeal to your sense of justice, and entertain a strong hope that you will speedily look into the case and inform me of your decision.

Yours, most respectfully,

LOUISA B. FLANDERS.

MALONE, N. Y., December 6, 1861.

Mr. SEWARD, Secretary of State.

HONORED SIR: I apply to you the second time for a withdrawal of the order forbidding mail facilities for the Franklin Gazette. Have not my husband's enemies by this time become satisfied with the evils they have inflicted upon an innocent, free born and free bred man? Have any charges of disobedience to any law been proved against him and must his innocent babes suffer also? We are a loyal family but we love peace and will abide the decision of a just jury if you will give us

