
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, January 10, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.

SIR: Mr. Roswell Bates and Mr. Benjamin Raymond, of Franklin County, are about to visit Washington and desire an interview with you on a subject of no little importance. They are gentlemen of excellent character and I bespeak for them your kind attention. They are accompanied by Mrs. Francid Mrs. Joseph R. Flanders whose husbands are in Fort Warren in the State of Massachusetts. The Messrs. Flanders are citizens of Franklin County in this State and their wives will represent to you the cases of their respective husbands, and they will ask either for their release or for a trial to determine whether they ought to be confined. I respectfully ask you to give a patient hearing to the facts which they will present.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

ALBANY, January 24, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

Will you please forward to me a permit for Mrs. F. D. Flanders to visit her husband at Fort Warren? She is waiting here for that purpose.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

ALBANY, January 25, 1862.

Governor SEWARD, Secretary of State.

SIR: Do not throw this earnest letter aside until you shall have read its contents. It would speak to you of a deed which from present appearances may yet be the cause of death; and would you have false accusers to be the direct means of your being a murderer? I cannot believe that God has permitted a man with your noble powers of mind to be wholly destitute of generous sympathies, though a person in very deep trouble may have to dive deep down into the recesses of your heart to reach them. Nor can I believe that you have no sense of the honor it would restore to our country by showing to other nations that justice is not fled from it, though it may have been a while abased and quiescent in amaze at this horrid war among the brethren of these former purd United States. Nor can I believe that you would (appreciating the principles of liberty as you assuredly do) require honest men to swear before the Great Eternal to support a poicy of the present Administration which went against their conscientious convictions of right. It must be that Secretary Seward has sould enough in him of the humane kind to allow a dying man the rightful American privilege of a just trial; thtless the stigma of traitor shall not follow him to his grave and rest an everlasting stain upon his children's honor.

One and the only accusation coming from any reliable authority, and that I have learned since I saw you at Washington, is the Flanders brothers instigated or upheld the raising of a secession flag in Franklin County. The Republicans of said county would disprove the truth of such accusation. If other accusations against the brothers are as groundless you have been most woefully deceived by their personal enemies. Can you be willing to have wicked, unscru-

