
pulous men glory in the having of your honorable self to be their instrument by which they avenge themselves of their enmity? Governor Seward, you hold a position in the eyes of the world superior to the President's. Will you permit injustice to follow ever in your footsteps and have the story written indeblibly in history? Your mind, however great and powerful it be, is necessarily at a time like this taxed with cares of state weighty and almost innumerable, and in the midst of your burden I do not entreat you to in wrath remember mercy, but I do ask you, elevated so high in position as you are, to rise above personal feelings and remember justice is expected at your hands. Should you be kind enough to answer this letter, if by only one line, please direct to me at Fort Warren immediately upon the receipt of it or if delayed direct to me at Albany, Delavan House.

Respectfully, yours,

MRS. F. D. FLANDERS.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, February 1, 1862.

Mrs. F. D. FLANDERS, Delavan House, Albany.

MADAM: Your letter of January 29 has been received. In reply I am directed by the Secretary of State to say that Mr. F. D. Flanders will be released from confinement on taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States stipulating that he will neither enter any of the States in insurection against the authority of the United States Government nor hold any correspondence whatever with persons residing in those States without permission from the Secretary of State; and also that he will not do anything hostile to the United States during the present insurrection. A copy of the oath is herewith inclosed.

I am, madam, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 21, 1862.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston Harbor.

COLONEL: You may release on the 22nd day of February instant the following prisoners confined in Fort Warren upon their engaging upon honor that they will render no aid or comfort to the enemies in hostility to the Government of the United States * * * F. D. Flanders, J. R. Flanders. * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Cases of James McKay and the Crew of the Steamer Salvor.

James McKay was captured on the 14th of October, 1861, by the steamer Keystone State, Captain Scott, U. S. Navy, commanding, on board his steamer Salvor about twenty miles south of Tortugas. Captain McKay with his vessel had supplied the U. S. officers at Tortugas with beef-cattle until prohibited by the commanding officer at that post. The Salvor was taken and used by the Government afterward for three months for which service McKay received something more than $1,000. She was then turned over to McKay to be taken to Havana for repairs

