
Francisco Menendez, captain of the bark M. S. Perry or Salvor, was captured by the Keystone State, Captain Scott commanding, on the 14th of October, 1861, about twenty miles south of Tortugas. The Perry was attempting to run the blockade with the British flag flying and with a cargo of contraband and other goods. Menendez was brought in with the prize to the port of Philadelphia and forwarded to Fort Lafayette He was released February 3, 1862, by order of the Secretary of State, having given in his evidence before the prize court at Philadelphia.

This person [Hunter Semple] was one of the crew of the bark M. S. Perry which was captured by the U. S. steamer Keystone State October 14, 1861, south of Tortugas while attempting to run the blockade with contraband goods. He was brought in with the prize vessel to the port of Philadelphia and sent to Fort Lafayette. The said Hunter Semple was released by ortary of State February 3, 1862, having given his evidence before the prize commissioners.

The only information the Department of State has concerning these men [Messrs. Barrett and Ball] is contained in two lettes, one dated Key West, Fla., November 15, 1861, addressed to T. J. boynton, esq., U. S. district attorney, Key West, Fla., from b. H. Hill, major Second Artillery, commanding, asking whether in the examination before the grand jury any evidence was elicited to criminate Messrs. Barrett and Ball, passengers on the steamer Salvor when she was captured and then in confinement at Fort Taylor, further stating that if there is no charge against them he proposes to release them on their taking the oath of allegiance; to which U. S. Attorney Boynton replies that he is possessed of no evidence criminating Messrs. Barrett and Ball and has no reasons to urge why they should not be released on their taking the oath of allegiance.

Frederick Louis, one of the crew of the bark M. S. Perry, was captured by the U. S. steamer Keystone State October 14, 1861, about twenty miles south of the Tortugas attempting to run the blockade. Louis was brought with the prize to the port of Philadelphia and forwarded to Fort Lafayette. An order was issued from the Department of State dated January 29, 1862, directing Marshal Murray, of New York, to release Louis from Fort Lafayette, he being a foreign subject and his testimony being no longer required in the prize courts. He was released February 1, 1862.

William Reed was one of the crew of the steamer Salvor or M. S. Perry and was captured with that vessel while attempting to run the blockade about twenty miles south of Tortugas October 14, 1861, by U. S. steamer Keystone State, Captain Scott commanding. The Salvor was taken into the port of Philadelphia by a prize crew and Reed was sent to Fort Lafayette. An order was issued from the Department of State dated January 10, 1862, directing Marshal Robert Murray to release Reed unless his testimony was indispensable. He was accordingly released January 15, 1862.

Peter Fernandez was one of the crew ry or Salvor, which vessel was captured by the U. S. steamer Keystone State, Captain Scott commanding, on the 14th of October, 1861, while attempting to run the blockade about twenty miles south of Tortugas. Fernandez was brought with prize to Philadelphia and forwarded to Fort Lafayette. He was released February 3, 1862, by order of the Secretay of State, having given his evidence before the prize court at Philadelphia.

