
U. S. MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,

New York, October 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington.

SIR: In compliance with the instructions in your telegram of yesterday I immediately proceeded to Fort Lafayette and administered the oath of allegiance to William F. Capehart, John Murphy, Perry White, Issac Swindle, Carthwright Thompson, James B. Hoggard, Stephen Bennett, Charles Williams and Thomas Kelly, who were immediately discharged. Edward Heinrichs, Prussian; Erick Brundeen, John Johnson, William Brown, Swedes, and Georg Parker, and Englishman, being foreigners and the first four entirely ignorant of our language I discharged without administrating the oath of allegiance, and was obliged from their utter state of destitution to furnish them with sufficient funds to reach the city. * * *

Very respectfully, yours,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

FORT HAMILTON, N. Y., October 10, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army.

SIR: Inclosed please find statements of deserters from the enemy, sent here by Colonel Brown, commanding Fort Pickens. I have this day ordered their release by authority of yours of 7th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BURKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

Almond Rice, Angelica, N. Y., was a steam-boat man on the Mississippi; could not get away from New Orleans; belonged to the so-called rebel Marine Corps; was sent to the Warrington Navy-Yard about the 1st of May; was part of the time in the navy-yard and part of the time on board the privateer Judith. When he first went to Pensacola Harbor thinks there were about 10,000 troops there. That number was after [ward] reduced to about 6,000, and they had about that many when he left. Thinks there were about four or seven guns left in Fort Macon; the rest were sent to Pensacola. There were four guns (42s and 32s0 between the navy-yard and the bayou bridge toward Pensacola. Most of the machinery had been removed from the navy-yard, but the rebels were still casting shot and shell at the foundry. Had been a sailor on board of the sloop of war Albany; paid off in 1849 or 1850. There were three companies of marines (250), nearly all Northern men, and a Louisiana infantry regiment about 900 strong in the navy-yard; will go home when released if he can get there.

John Matthews, Madison, Ind., says he was a steam-boat man; joined the rebel forces at New Orleans; was out of money and could not et awasy; was put in the parish prison and kept there twenty days; was afterward impressed in rebel service; was sent to the Warrington navy-yard on the 21st of April; was attached to the marines and quartered in the navy-yard. The greater part of the marines are

