
master has not paid for them. The amount is about $1,800. The consul's letter exhibits the rest of the transaction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Key West, October 18, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatches* just received from the consulate-general at the Havana are self-explanatory. I cordially and earnestly request the attention of the Government to the vigilance of Mr. Savage, our consul at the Havana. To his unremitting energy it is due that the rebels were frustrated in the case of the Salvor. That there is no naval steamer or available war vessel on this station to intercept the othes is referable to another department. The McClellan cannot take the prisoners.

I am, sir, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 31, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.

SIR: I have read with much interest the report and accompanying papers received with your letter* of the 10th instant of Commander G. H. Scott, commanding the U. S. steamer Keystone State, dated 25th instant relative to the capture of the steamship Salvor or M. S. Perry, and return them herein with my thanks. The course pursued by Commander Scott in bringing the said steam-ship to Philadelphia appears to have been very judicious. The slaves to whom he refers should I think be retained at the navy-yard there for such service as they can be usefully employed upon and it would perhaps he advisable to place on file in this Department such of the letters referred to in this report as are not required for the condemnation of the vessel.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 9, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel MARTIN BURKE, U. S. Army,

Commandant, Fort Lafayette, N. Y.

SIR: The commandant of the navy-yard at Philadelphia has been directed to send the following named persons to Fort Lafayette. They were on board the Salvor at the time of her capture by the Keystone State, viz; Ponche [Francisco] Menendez, captain; J. [Charles] Butler, first officer; W. J. Browning, first engineer; George McNabb, second engineer; Donald McKay, supercargo; Hunter Semple, cook; William Reed, Frederick Louis, Peter Fernandez, David Evans, seamen.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

61 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

