
this climate. I wish that my young son had been sent with them as he is not known in Philadelphia and has neither clothes nor means and must therefore suffer in that climate. His mother urged me to take him with me from home for fear he would be led away during my absence and this is the result. I little doubt have you to thank for the negroes being returned out South. Whether ever returned to me or not it is a kindness to them as they desired it. I feel grateful.

As the Honorable Judge Marvin of this place is [going] North I cannot help troubling you once more [with] a statement of how I have been so unfortunately placed betwixt two fires and been so since commencement of our country's troubles. Ever since November, 1860, up till June, 1861, I was not at Tampa or with my family ten days all put together, being attendint to my cattle exportations from Charlotte Harbor to Havana which for me was extensive and required my individual attention. Still I am named publicly in the prints of being a prominent individual in the secession cause and a commissioner for obtaining loans for the Confederate States. To this report I can only reply that I have never been requested by the State to occupy such a position nor have I ever asked any person or persons to aid in such, having more interest in making good my own engagements, which as matters have turned I have operated too extensively I regret to say, but would have done well both for the portion of country in which I lived as also for myself if our country had remained as formerly. As you are aware in too many instances is the country ruined by politicians and in Tampa there are three or four of those who have done nothing but live from the public crib while anything was there, of which I have had no hesitancy in telling them, and ever since the State seceded they have had their powers turned toward my downfall if possible as they were envious of my exertions and success im my undertakings.

When Major here with his officers and men, &amp;c., from Texas I happened that day to arrive here from Havana with my steamer. The major and some of my old acquaintances came on board, all of whom I was pleased to see. During the afternoon Major Porter-now I believe Brigadier-General Porter-came on board and asked me if I would be kind enough to go and try to catch Lieutenant Platt and men who were slowly drifting out to sea on a flat with some Government property on board. I immediately looked and observed the fact, ordered steam on my boat and went and brought them back, for which Lieutenant Platt was very grateful and Major Porter offered to pay me which I refused, stating I was glad of having the pleasure of assisting old acquaintances. Major Porter thanked me and stated that he had asked the captain of steamer Galveston, belonging to Harris & Morgan, who refused. This act of mine was carried to my enemies in Tampa and noted against me.

In a week or two after Lieutenant Benson, post quartermaster at Tortugas, asked me if I could not supply him with beef or cattle at Tortugas. I replied that I had the cattle but that my engagements in Havana would not permit me to leave cattle on my way with them but on my next trip I would call to oblige him with what he then required, which I did to Tortugas and left him three head, being all he wanted. This was another heinous act of me and capital for my Tampa enemies. These acts of mine came to their ears in Tampa. They enlarged upon it, as I was never there, and spread around the country that I was carrying my cattle from Charlotte Harbor to Havana and then putting the Spanish flag on my boat, carried the same cattle back and sold them to the United States Government at Tortugas and Key

