
Northern men, and would take the first opportunity to get away; were very much dissatisfied. Thinks there were about 7,000 men under arms on the rebel side; will go home when released; does not know much about the strength or location of the batteries on the rebel side; was pretty constantly in the guard-boat.

Samuel Benham, Buffalo, N. Y., say he had been a man-of-war's man on board of the Savannah; was paid off about a year ago; was impressed in the rebel service at New Orleans; was attached to the Marine Corps and sent to Pensacola Harbor about the 1st of May, 1861. Was put on board schooner Judith and went out at night in the coast-guard boat. Thinks when he first went to Pensacola the rebels had about 15,000 men, but when he left thinks they had only 6,000 or 7,000; knows but little about the strength or location of the rebel batteries; will go home when released.

Daniel R. Smith, Allegheny, Pa., says he was a boatman on the Mississippi; was impressed in the rebel service, and was sent to the Warrington Navy-Yard with the marines about the 1st of May; was closely questioned by Colonel Brown at Fort Pickens, and his answers taken down in writing; gave Colonel Brown all the information he possessed.

B. F. Lidy, Lancaster, Pa., says he was a steam-boat man; was impressed into the rebel service at New Orleans; was sent with the rebel marines to Warrington Navy-Yard about the 26th of April last. Says the marines are mostly either Northern men or foreign born, and thinks all but about fifty would leave if they could get a good chance. Gives same information as the others; says the Lovell battery, near the light-house, has 10, 8, and 6 inch (three guns), all covered in with earth on timbers about six feet thick; will go home when release.

Ovid P. Reno, Beaver County, Pa., says he is a boatman; joined the rebel service at New Orleans; was impressed; was attached to the marines and sent to Warrington Navy-Yard. Gives same information as others.

John Harmon, Allegheny County, Pa., says he was in New Orleans; could not get work; enlisted to keep from starving, intending to desert so soon as he had a chance to get home; belonged to the marines; was sent them to Pensacola; says the batteries between the navy-yard and Pensacola were washed away; knows nothing about the other batteries. There are a good many Northern men in the rebel marines, all of whom will take the first opportunity to get home.

Kelly and Booth absent.

The above men were examined by me, and the above seems to be all the information they possess.

H. B. CLITZ,

Major Twelfth Infantry, Commanding.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, October 10, 1861.

Colonel LOOMIS, U. S. Army,

Commanding at Governor's Island, New York City.

COLONEL: I am directed by Governor Morgan to inquire if the political prisoners at Fort Lafayette are supplied with a chaplain. He has

7 R R-SERIES II, VOL II

