
Sqadron and troops stationed in that region. I respectfully ask then that upon his taking the oath of allegiance, which he will cheerfully do, he be discharged from custody.

With high regard, your friend,

L. D. STICKNEY.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 20, 1862.

SECRETARY OF STATE:

Please read this and speak with me about [it] at our next interview.

A. LINCOLN.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, County of Washington:

I, James McKay, of Tampa, Fla., do solemnly swear on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God without any mental reservation that I will at any and at all times hereafter and under all circumstances yield a hearty and willing support to the Constitution of the United States and to the Government thereof; that I will not either directly or indirectly take up arms against said Government nor aid those now in arms against it; that I will neither enter any of the States now in insurrection against the authority of the Federal Government nor hold any correspondence whatsover with them or-any persons in them during the present rebellion without permission from the Secretary of State; also that I will do no act hostile or injurious to the Union of the States; that I will give no aid, comfort or assistance to the enemies of the Government (either domestic or foreign); that I will defend the flag of the United States and the armies fighting under it from insult and injury if in my power so to do; and that I will in all things deport myself as a good a loyal citizen of the United States.

JAMES McKAY.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of March, 1862.

THOMAS C. DONN,

Justice of the Peace.

KEY WEST, FLA., April 24, 1862.

General L. THOMAS.

DEAR SIR: I arrived here on the 21st instant per steamer Rhode Island and have reported myself to General Brannan. I regret exceedingly to have to state that General Brannan informs me that Captain Woodhull, of the U. S. steamer Connecticut, which left here for New York the day before my arrival here, informed him that on Captain Woodhull's way here he was informed by the blockading vessel at Tampa that I wrote Mrs. McKay from Washington that General Brannan was to be at Tampa with a large force about the 1st of April and for notice to be given to the authorities there to prepare themselves, which has occasioned a force of some 600 or 700 men there, it is said. It is well known that I could not write to Tampa from Washington but by Fortress Monroe to be examined by the commanding officer there. This base slander on me is really hard but I trust to live to see justice done me. Whenever I had an opportunity from here my earnest desire was to request my people to desist from their wicked acts and to cease taking the property of the citizens of this place and more particularly not to destroy it for as sure as the sun rose they would suffer for their acts. This statement is due to you, and from your kindness and confidence in me I regret that such reports should exist, but I cannot help it.

