
I hope should such report arrive at your Department or elsewhere that the same will be not credited. All I desire is to get home as I am satisfied that I would be of some service in advising the people, but General Brannan thinks that it is more than my life is worth to go and that he with a force is soon going over and that I can go with him, although I am satisfied that it would be better for me to go before he did. You may rest assured of everything in my power being done for the restoration of the Union.

With kind regards, remembering me to Captain Vincent, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES McKAY.

Case of John G. Shaver.

John G. Shaver was arrested by W. H. Barse, Government agent in Detroit, October 19, 1861, and committed to Fort Lafayette by order of the Secretary of State and thence transferred to Fort Warren. He was charged with carrying contraband letters and small-arms to the States in insurrection under cover of his position as traveling agent of the Grand Trunk Railroad. An order was issued from the DEpartment of State dated December 30, 1861, directing Colonel Dimick, commanding at Fort Warren, to release Shaver on his engaging upon oath neither to enter nor correspond with the insurrectionary States nor do any act hostile to the United States during the present insurrection, saving his allegiance to the Crown of Great Britain, he claiming to be a British subject. He was accordingly released January 6, 1862. - From Record Book, State DEpartment, "Arrests for Disloyalty. "

DETROIT, October 19, 1861.

W. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

I arrested John G. Shaver; treason; carrying letters and small-arms from Quebec to Montreal, South, and found sufficient evidence on his person to sustain the cahrge, and by advice of Alfred Russell, U. S. attorney, have sent him forward to Fort Lafayette, N. Y. Dare not keep him here for fear of trouble (interested friends), and would ask you to send order for his commitment to George R. Barse, New York, care John A. Kennedy, superintendent of police.

W. H. BARSE.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 19, 1861.

GEORGE R. BARSE:

(Care John A. Kennedy, superintendent pf police, New York.)

Commit John G. Shaver to Fort Lafayette.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 28, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq., U. S. Marshal, New York.

SIR: Your communication* of the 25th instant with its inclosures has been received. In reply I transmit herewith orders for the release of J. G. Shaver and the sailors mentioned by you.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

