
charge on condition that I would take the oath of allegiance to the United States Government. I of course refused to do so and am still a prisoner without the hope of release unless through the intercession of the Government to which I belong. I have a family in Canada entirely depending upon me and must suffer if I am much longer detained from my duties at home. I beg your lordship will give my case your earliest attention. I am well known to most of the members of our Canadian Parliament and ministry. Among my intimate friends and acquaintances I may mention the Honorable John Ross, Toronto, Canada West; George Benjamin, member Provisional Parliament; Lewis Walbridge, member Provisional Parliament, both of Belleville, Canada West, where my family now resides and have for the last fifteen years.

I have, &amp;c.,

J. G. SHAVER.

FORT WARREN, Boston, November 8, 1861.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &C.

I am still a prisoner in Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. Why is this, being a British subject and guilty of no crime against this Government?

J. G. SHAVER.

WASHINGTON, November 9, 1861.

Mr. SHAVER.

SIR: I received the day before yesterday through the State Department a letter from you dated the 29th of October last, and yesterday in the evening I received a telegram from you dated yesterday. I have lost no time in taking such steps as I have thought most likely to be of use to you, and I will inform you as possible of the result.

I am, &c.,

LYONS.

WASHINGTON, November 9, 1861.

Memorandum of Lord Lyons concerning John G. Shaver.

States that he was arrested at Detroit, Mich. ; is a British subject; has never lived out of Canada; is an agent of the Grand Trunk Railway Company; was offered his release if he would take an oath of allegiance to the United States which being a British subject he was of course unable to do; has a family in Canada entirely dependent on him; is well known to members of Parliament in Canada.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, November 11, 1861.

Memorandum in reply to that of Lord Lyons of the 9th instant in regard to political prisoners alleged to be British subjects.

John G. Shaver, imprisoned at Fort Warren, Boston. - Arrested at Detroit, Mich. Is agent of the Grand Trunk Railway. The U. S. consul-general, Joshua R. Giddings, says he has been engaged in conveying revolvers and other articles contraband to the insurrectionary States and selling them. Mr. Barse, our agent at Detroit, says that the agents of the American Express Company say Shaver has boasted

