
Having made Mr. Shaver's case the subject in part of a communication to your lordship yesterday I am not aware that I have anything to say upon it now beyond this reply to your note which is before me.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your lordship's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, November 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you a copy of a letter addressed to the provincial secretary of Canada by Mr. G. Benjamin, member of the Canadian Parliament. It has been sent to m y by Viscount Monck, the administrator of the government of the Province. I trust that the testimony it gives in favor of Mr. John G. Shaver will receive due consideration.

I have, &c.,

LYONS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

QUEBEC, November 9, 1861.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &c., Washington, D. C.

MY LORD: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter from Mr. J. G. Shaver, a British subject at present confined at Boston as a prisoner of war, together with the copy of a letter form Mr. George Benjamin, member Provisional Parliament for the county of Hastings, Canada West, containing information respecting Mr. Shaver. I have to request your lordship to take steps for obtaining the immediate release of Mr. Shaver, who appears to be unjustly imprisoned.

I have, &c.,

MONCK.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

BELLEVILLE, November 5, 1861.

Mr. ALLEYN.

SIR: I beg to inclose herewith a letter received by me from Mr. John G. Shaver, now confined in Fort Warren, Boston, Mass. Mr. Shaver is a resident of Belleville, known to every inhabitant as a loyal man. He has for some years past been engaged as agent for several lines of railway as well in the United States as Canada, which will account for his traveling in the United States in the present troubled times. Mr. Shaver has always maintained an excellent character, and being a man of sound judgemtn and experience I should not think he would be likely to engage in any matter that would get him into trouble. I observe by his letter that his liberty is offered to him upon condition that he swears allegiance to the United States which as a British subject he refuses to do. It is but just to presume that if there were grounds for his arrest and detaining him he would not be offered his loberty upon any conditions.

Will you please submit this together with the inclosed letter from Mr. Shaver to his excellency, the administrator, who I have no doubt will take the earliest opportunity of bringing the matter under the notice of Lord Lyons at Washington, in order that Mr. Shaver may be released with as little delay as possible?

I have, &c.,

G. BENJAMIN,

Member of Parliament for North Hastings.

