
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 2, 1861.

Colonel JUSTIN DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: You are authorized to allow Mr. Lousada, the British consul at boston, to visit Mr. Shaver, alleged to be a British subject, confined at Fort Warren.

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, December 11, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.

SIR: With reference to the notes which you did me the honor to write to me on the 14th and 15th of last month I beg to submit to your consideration a copy of a dispatch which I have received from Her Majesty's consul at Boston relative to an interview which he has had with Mr. John G. Shaver in Fort Warren. I trust that it may lead you to believe that the release of Mr. Shaver may now be granted without any danger to the public safety.

I have, &c.,

LYONS.

[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, December 9, 1861.

Lord LYONS, &c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to report that I yesterday went to Fort Warren for the purpose of seeing Mr. J. G. Shaver whose case is already known to your lordship. I was courteously received by the commander of the fort, Colonel Dimick, who gave me entire facility for the interview with his prisoner, thus enabling me to carry out the objcet of my visit, viz, to afford Mr. Shaver an opportunity of more confidentially stating his case than might be practicable by letter.

Mr. Shaver denies entirely having been guilty of affording aid or assistance to the rebellion and pleads entire ignorance of the nature of the charges against him. He admits that his sympathies were not with the North but that in his position as traveling agent for the Grand Trunk Railroad he was very careful in his conversation and acts. He states that his detention has ruined his business and caused great distress to his wife and family as they are entirely dependent on his exertions for their support and maintenance.

He is willing to take the oath of neutrality (if any such exists) and to engage to quit and not to return to the United States during the continue of this war, and if such an arrangement be accepted by the authorities at Washington it would seem to be the simplest solution of the case.

I have, &c.,

FRANCIS LOUSADA.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 12, 1861.

Colonel DIMICK, Fort Warren, Boston.

COLONEL: I will thank you to inform Mr. John G. Shaver that the Government of the United States cannot accwpt his assurances to Lord Lyons that in his position of traveling agent of the Grand Trunk Railway he was very careful in his conversatio and acts. On the contrary it has satisfactory evidence that he was engaged in affording aid and

