
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, October 12, 1861.

JOHN A. KENNEDY, Esq.,

Susperintendet of Police, New York.

SIR: From information which has reached this Department it is deemed probable that Mr. C. J. Helm, U. S. consul at Havana under the last administration, may soon embark for that place upon business not compatible with his loyality as a citizen. This Department will not furnish him with a passport for that purpose, and I will thank you to do anything which you property can toward preveting his proceeding thither.

I am, sir, your obedient servant.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

CAMBRIDGE, October 12, 1861.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD.

* DEAR SIR: I have throught since I had the honor to se you to Tuesday last the hurried interview did not allow me to make myself understood. The memoranda handed you was taken from a letter written by a lady at Richmond to a friend in Maryland advising as to the best mode of getting a letter to their friends South, as also those here who symphatize with the rebellion to receive communications from the South. The parties connected with the letter allunded to are highly respectable, and as I told you I got the information in such way as to forbit the use of names. My design was to put you in the way of traping the French consul at Richmond and the chancellor at Washington by getting some one to write as a secessionist, send the letter as instructed and keep a lookout for the reply.

There is foul play somewhere and a great deal of it. The loyal States and our Army and Navy are full of traitors; many of our office-holders are faithless to the Government, and unless things are closely looked after and the war carried forward with greater vigor we shall be whipped I fear. I have not been scared until recently; have never doubted the ability of Government to sustain itself or the certainty of our success at last until recent events coming to my knowledge has forced a doubt. We still suffer in Maryland form the inefficiency of Major-General Wool.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, obediently,

THO. H. HICKS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, October 12, 1861.

F. W. SEWARD, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of State, Washington, D. c.

SIR: In accordance with the request contained in your letter of the 10th istant I subjoin the names of the State prisoners confined in Fort McHenry. There are at present no prisoners of war at the Fort: Richard Thomas (alias Colonel Zarvona), confined July 8, 1861, by erder of Major-General Banks. W. Wilkins Glenn,* confined September 15, 1861, by order of Major-General Dix.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See post for cases of Zarvona and Glenn.

---------------

