
comfort to insurrectionists both by his conversation and by his acts; that he willingly suffered himself to be made a medium of communication between them and their agents in Canada and Europe, and that he conveyed to them revolvers and other articles contraband of war and in violation of the law of the United States.

Under these circumstances it cannot accept his parole of honor nor his oath unsupported by other guarantees. But if, in addition to engaging upon oath that he will not enter any of the States in insurrection against the authority of the Government of the United States nor hold any correspondence with its enemies in or out of the States, and that he will do nothing hostile or injurious to the Government during the present hostilities, he will also procure the assurance of any good and responsible person that he will keep and not violate these obligations he will be discharged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, December 12, 1861.

Right Honorable Lord LYONS, &amp;c.

MY LORD: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 11th instant together with the copy of the dispatch from Her Britannic Majesty's consul at Boston relative to John G. Shaver, an alleged British subject. In reply I have the honor to inform you that Colonel Dimick has been authorized to discharge Shaver from custody upon his complying with conditions deemed indispensable under the circumstances.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your lordship's obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

WASHINGTON, December 12, 1861.

FRANCIS LOUSADA, Esq.,

Her Britannic Majesty's Consul, Boston, Mass.

SIR: I communicated to the Secretary of State of the United States a copy of your dispatch of the 9th instant reporting the result of your interview with Mr. John G. Shaver in Fort Warren. I have received in reply a note from the Secretary of State informing me that "Colonel Dimick has been authorized to discharge Shaver from custody upon his complying with conditions deemed indispensable under the circumstances. " I have to request you to inform me whether Mr. Shaver has in fact been discharged and what conditions have been proposed to him or complied with by him.

I am, &c.,

LYONS.

WASHINGTON, December 21, 1861.

(Received January 7, 1862.)

[Earl RUSSELL, London.]

MY LORD: * * * I have the honor to transmit to your lordship a copy of a letter which I have received from Mr. J. G. Shaver and from which it appears that he has felt it to be his duty to refuse compliance

