
ing orders. Other regiments for the war badly armed. The war regiments should have the best arms.

By order of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LYNCHBURG, July 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Your dispatch received. I have ordered two regiments from Bristol. There is still one more at Bristol. Shall I order that? Shall I remain here? Give me instructions as to my course.

S. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, July 26, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. ANDERSON, Lynchburg:

My telegram to you by direction of the President supersedes the direction of the Secretary of War to you. Countermand your orders to the troops at Bristol, and proceed yourself to that place and carry out the President's orders.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 26, 1861.

General B. HUGER, Commanding Forces, Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am much gratified to learn the progress made in the defenses at Norfolk and the arrangements to prevent the landing on our shores. If the attempt is made, the invaders must be repelled. Your course has been very judicious in not planting a battery opposite Fort Monroe before prepared to maintain it and make it effective. If you are in that condition now, the time has arrived for its establishment, and you are authorized to do it at once. I will next week send you two 8-inch columbiads, rifled, the guns being of the weight and size of the 9-inch, and they will be followed in a few days. I hope, by two of 9-inch caliber, rifled, but of the 10-inch size. The carriages for the first two named, with traverse plates, are ready, though the guns are not, the machinery for that I can supply. Take every precaution for the security of the men at the battery. Select your officers and men, and be prepared for strenuous resistance by the enemy. The co-operation of the Navy will be requested, at your demand. Keep your arrangements secret, until you choose to disclose them.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

