
piece. I desire this report at the very earliest moment, as I shall use it as basis of a letter to the Navy Department. Have you fuses and powder yet for all the ammunition?

Very respectfully,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

State also what progress has been made in the erection of the furnace for heating shot. The materials, I learn, were sent down a few days since.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST ARMY,Huntersville, Va., July 30, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Upon reaching here I find the country is very scarce of supplies, and that it will be necessary for us to rely mostly upon Staunton and Richmond. Since I reached the command I have put the quartermaster's department and commissariat in such order as it was possible to do. General Jackson informs me that he has made frequent and urgent requisitions for supplies, and that his requisitions are scarcely filled from day to day. In order to place the thing beyond doubt and insure a sufficiency, I have renewed the requisitions, and have written to the different agents, sending one of any aides to see in person that the supplies are forwarded from Richmond and Staunton. I respectfully request that orders may be issued at the earliest possible moment for them to be forwarded. I am satisfied, if we can be furnished in a few days, that a successful movement can be made.

Respectfully, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.,
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST ARMY,Huntersville, Va., July 30, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just seen a reliable man who tells me that he was in General Wise's camp las Friday, 26th July; that Wise was at Gauey Brigade, on his retreat to Lewisburg, about sixty miles distant. He thinks that Wise intended to fight the enemy at Tompkins' [farm], eight miles from the bridge.

Upon learning this, I sent word to Staunton for the two Georgia regiments and the battery expected at Staunton to be moved by the train to Millsborough, there to remain until further orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, July 31, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

News has reached here that General Banks has assembled eight thousand men for operations in the valley. If true, can troops be sent by the Department to oppose him, or shall it be done from here?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

64 R R-VOL II

