
to furnish you additional cavalry and artillery and to permit you to carry out the plans suggested by you. Paramount interests, however, induced him to place you with General Patterson's column, and having done so he had no further instructions to give you.

Measures have been taken to send a Government telegraph operator to Point of Rocks and Harper's Ferry, as suggested by you.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Charles P. Stone, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS ROCKVILLE EXPEDITION,Tennallytown, June 11, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with Captain Owen's company of volunteer cavalry, and the Second, Third, Fifth, and Eighth Battalions District of Columbia Volunteers. We got into camp her yesterday at 11 o'clock a.m. with the exception of the Third Battalion, which was a little later, owing to the double duty of its commander, who performs the duties of A. Q. M. and A. C. S. to the expedition, as well as those of commander of battalion. The section of Griffin's battery and Captain Magruder's cavalry arrived at Rockville about 11 o'clock a.m. yesterday, and at the same hour two canal-boats at the Chain Bridge, where they await a battalion for the expedition along the canal. I propose to detach for the latter service Lieutenant-Colonel Everett, with the Fifth Battalion District of Columbia Volunteers, and have encamped him conveniently for the purpose.

The movement will be made as soon as the regiments at Rockville are sufficiently refreshed to move rapidly in the direction of Edwards Ferry.

The people in this immediate region are for the Government almost to a man. Those at Rockville are reported to me as being about one-half rabid secessionists, calling themselves "States-rights" men.

Couriers are said to have been started immediately on the arrival of the first troops at Rockville, to give notice to the enemy at Harper's Ferry of our advance. Exaggerated reports of our number have gone forward. No difficulty has been experienced in obtaining forage so far, and the A. C. S. will be able to purchase plenty of fresh beef. The small rations and bread for the command will have to come from Washington or Georgetown.

Very respectfully, I am captain, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Captain THEO. TALBOT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROCKVILLE, MD., June 13, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt at 5 p.m. yesterday of your letter of the day previous, the contents of which are duly noted, and my movements will be governed thereby. Yesterday afternoon at 4.10 o'clock Lieutenant-Colonel Everett, moving along the canal in boats with his battalion, occupied the aqueduct at Seneca Creek, placed guards, and established patrols. At 4 p.m. Major Jewell, with

