
move up towards Charlestown and effect a junction in that direction. As soon as provisions arrive he will advance to Winchester, if the foe have not evacuated that place. At present only small parties are known to be in our vicinity, hovering about to pick up stragglers and careless pickets.

If you have information which, in your judgment, renders the movement directed above injudicious or hazardous, you are desired to communicate your information and act upon it till you hear from him again. When the force in front is scattered he designs moving east towards Leesburg. He wishes you to be cautious in all your movements, that no check to the execution of your plans may result.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER, A. A. G.

Colonel CHARLES P. STONE,

Commanding Rockville Expedition, en route to Martinsburg, Va.

I am informed the enemy, 15,000 strong, are in front, this side of Winchester, Joe Johnston commanding.

POINT OF ROCKS, July 6, 1861.

COLONEL: I have written by mail, but do not altogether trust the post-office here. New York Ninth, Pennsylvania Twenty-fifth, and Pennsylvania First are on their way to General Patterson. New Hampshire First will move from Sandy Hook this afternoon, when the wagon train reaches there. I expect to be in Williamsport to-night or to-morrow morning. Have left much of the baggage, &amp;c., to march light; have to leave one company to guard at Sandy Hook and two companies here. I respectfully urge a re-enforcement to these companies before it is known generally on the other side that they are so few in numbers here.

Very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT OF ROCKS, July 6, 1861.

COLONEL: I have come down here on the locomotive to take a look at the rear before moving on myself. I started off this morning toward General Patterson the Pennsylvania Twenty-fifth, the New York Ninth, and Pennsylvania First Artillery, less one company, left to guard baggage. I have to leave two companies here to guard baggage and look out for the railroad, so that the communication may not be cut off with the baggage and provisions above. It was necessary to lighten the wagons much to make a quick march.

I regard it of great importance to re-enforce those small guard, and would respectfully recommend that a regiment be sent to Sandy Hook. Two wounded and a few sick men have to be left there.

The New Hampshire regiment's train will overtake it this evening, and it (now opposite Harper's Ferry) will push on to be at Williamsport to-morrow morning. I shall get there (Williamsport) to-night or early in the morning.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

