
the bluff in hottest haste. Between their position and that of my men was a deep precipitous gorge, the crossing of which occupied about ten minutes. When the opposite ridge was gained we discovered the rebels indiscriminately blent, with a mass of women and children, flying as for life from the town. Having no horse, pursuit of the cannoneers was impossible. They went off under whip and spur. After that I quietly marched into the place, and took possession of the empty houses and a legion of negroes, who alone seemed unscared by our presence. After searching the town for arms, camp equipage, &amp;c., I returned to Cumberland by the same road, reaching camp at 11 o'clock at night. My return was forced, owing to the fact that there was not a mile on the road that did not offer half a dozen positions for the ruin or rout of my regiment by a much smaller force.

The loss of the rebels we have not been able to accurately ascertain. A citizens of Romney admitted two killed. My own surgeon dressed the wound of one man. A number of tents were taken. Quite a number of rifles were destroyed, and, among others, I have a Major Isaac Vandever prisoner, a gentleman who, from accounts, has been very active in exciting rebellion, organizing troops, and impressing loyal citizens. I have also an excellent assortment of surgical stores, which, with the tents, I have taken the liberty to convert.

My regiment behaved admirably, attacking coolly and in excellent order. Where all behaved gallantly, I cannot single out officers for praise. Sufficient to say they conducted themselves like veterans, and in such a manner as to entitle them to your confidence in any field.

I beg to call your attention to the length of our march-eighty-seven miles in all, forty-six of which was on foot, over a continuous succession of mountains, made in twenty-four hours, without rest, and varied by a brisk engagement-made, too, without leaving a man behind, and what is more, my men are ready to repeat it to-morrow.

I have already received your approval of my enterprise, for which I am very much obliged. One good result has come of it: the loyal men in that region have taken heart. Very shortly I think you will hear of another Union company from that district. Moreover, it has brought home to the insolent "chivalry" a wholesome respect for Northern prowess.

Very truly, sir, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Regiment.

Major-General PATTERSON, Chambersburg, Pa.

JUNE 17, 1861.- Action near Vienna, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. - Colonel Maxcy Gregg, First South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Arlington, June 18, 1861.

I have the honor to inclose a copy of my written instruction to General Schenck, under which his movement was made yesterday afternoon.

