
have every reason to be satisfied with the conduct of all our troops. Captain Kemper's command showed great ardor, combined with discipline. Captain Kemper's and Lieutenant Stuart's skill in the management of guns left nothing to desire. Lieutenant-Colonel Hamilton led the First Regiment with his usual gallantry of bearing, duly seconded by Major Smith, Lieutenant Ready (acting adjutant), and Captain McGowan, regimental quartermaster. Dr. Powell, surgeon, and Dr. Bull, assistant surgeon, had little to do, as the fire of musketry with which the enemy in scrambling out of the cars replied to our cannonade was straggling and ineffective. Major Kennedy, commissary, and Captain Tyler, volunteer on my staff, were prompt to carry orders and to give valuable counsel. The companies of Captains Miller and Gadberry, though greatly fatigued with two days' rough march in hot sun and dust, appeared received at once when thrown forward as skirmishers against the enemy. The same spirit was shown by all the other companies of the regiment, Lieutenant Bragg, of Company M, proved himself ready and skillful in deranging the railroad track. Captains Terry and Ball and the cavalry which they led commanded my entire confidence by their bearing, and only needed opportunity for more effective action. We arrived here about 1 o'clock this morning.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAXCY GREGG,

Colonel First Regiment S. C. Vols., Commanding at Fairfax Court-House.

Colonel W. C. MORAGNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Centreville.

JUNE 19, 1861. - Skirmish at New Creek, W. Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General J. E. Johnston's letter transmitting reports.

Numbers 2. - Colonel A. P. Hill, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Colonel John C. Vaughn, Third Tennessee Infantry.

Numbers 1. Brigadier General J. E. Jonston's letter transmitting reports.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,Winchester, Va., June 20, 1861.

GENERAL: I respectfully inclose herewith copies of reports by Cols.

A. P. Hill and Vaughn. The latter is interesting from the difference it exhibits between the spirit of our troops and those of the United States.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel A. P. Hill, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp David, Va., June 19, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday I directed Colonel J. C. Vaughn, of the Third Tennessee Regiment, to take two com-

