
I cannot close this report without bringing to your notice the gallant conduct of both officers and men, who were each at their post and burning to engage the enemy, and when the order to charge was given, rushed forward with enthusiasm and waded the river to their waists.

I arrived here this evening, the spirits of my command in nowise flagged.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Tennessee Volunteers, C. S. Army,

Colonel A. P. HILL,

Commanding Brigade, C. S. Army, Romney, Va.

JUNE 24, 1861 - Affair on the Rappahannock River, Va.

Statement of Mr. Joseph Christian forwarded by Brigadier General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Yorktown, Va., June 27, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to send a report, made to Colonel Crump, of an abortive attempt to land soldiers from an armed steamer in the Rappahannock River, where the enemy was driven back by our citizens. This morning at sunrise I sent a force of fifteen hundred men to support the cavalry and artillery under Major Hood, operating near and on the Poquosin, to meet any part sent from the enemy's works and cut it off. I shall join this force to-day. The Rev. Mr. Adams will hand this to the colonel commanding the Virginia forces. I have been extremely indebted to this good and patriotic minister of the Gospel for much assistance. He has lost everything in the cause, and I would like to see him appointed as chaplain to one of the regiments in this department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. B. MAGRUDER,

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

URBANNA, VA., June 26, 1861.

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received a note, by special messenger, from C. W. Montague, esq. requesting me to furnish to you a n accurate account of all the doings of the enemy on the Rappahannock on Monday evening last. I have taken much pains to gather, from persons who have visited the scene of action and conversed with those who were engaged in it, the following particulars, which you may regard as reliable;

About 4 p.m. on Monday, the 24th, a war steamer (the Star of New York, of one thousand tons burden [the Monticello]), came to opposite the house of Mr. James W. Gresham, of Lancaster, situated immediately on the river, about twelve miles below Urbanna, on the Lancaster side. She dispatched to the shore three barges, one a very large one, with a swivel in the bow, and two smaller ones, all filled with armed troops. The large barge grounded on the flats. The other two came ashore with a numbered of armed me, variously estimated at between thirty and sixty. After reaching the shore some six or eight proceeded up to Mr. Gresham's house. One of the party accosted Mr. Gresham, and introduced another

