
sionists, if not the most numerous, are by far more active and effective than the supporters of the Federal Government.

It is the opinion of the Secretary of War, and I need not add my own, that the blow should be early struck, to carry consternation into the ranks of our numerous enemies about you. Accordingly, it seems desirable that you should take measures quietly to seize at once and securely hold the four members of the Baltimore police board, viz: Charles Howard, Wm. H. Gatchell, J. W. Davis, and C. D. Hinks, esqrs., together with the chief of the police, G. P. Kane. It is further suggested that you appoint a provost-marshal to superintend and cause to be executed the police law provided by the legislature of Maryland for Baltimore.

Your direction and firmness are equally relied upon for the due execution of the foregoing views.

I remain, sir, with great respect, yours, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. A.

Numbers 2. Reports of General N. P. Banks, commanding Department of Annapolis.

BALTIMORE, July 1, 1861

The board of police was arrested this morning at 4 o'clock. Troops have been stationed at the principal squares of the city. All is perfectly quiet. We greatly need cavalry for patrol duty.

N. P. BANKS.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, July 1, 1861.

GENERAL: In pursuance of orders of the 24th ultimo, received from your department, I arrested, and now detain in custody of the United States, Mr. George P. Kane, chief of police of the city of Baltimore. Mr. Kane was arrested on the morning of the 27th ultimo. The strong position he held as the head of a large body of armed men, posted in different parts of the city, who might be summoned together without loss of time, and the necessity of succeeding in the arrest, if attempted, made it impracticable, in my judgment, in view of all facts, to undertake at the same time the execution of other parts of this order.

The arrest of the chief of police, and the suspension of the powers of the board of police were announced to the people of Baltimore in a proclamation dated the 27th June, a copy of which is herewith inclosed [A.]. Upon the arrest of the chief of police, Colonel John R. Kenly, of the First Maryland Regiment, was appointed provost-marshal within and for the city of Baltimore, who entered at once upon his duties. Subsequent to a recognition and protest against the suspension of their functions by the board of police they declared, in resolutions formally adopted and published, that the police law itself had been suspended, and the officers and men d discharged from duty for the present, holding them at the same time to be subject to their orders, both now and hereafter. Colonel Kenly was obliged immediately to organize a force

