
A general conversation then ensued, in which it was agreed to by all present that any attempt to pass troops through the city, in the then excited condition of the public mind, would lead to the most fearful consequences, and that any such passage must be prevented or delayed. The governor fully accorded in these views.

The conversation resulted in the governor's distinctly an unequivocally consenting, in response to the direct question put to him by the mayor, that the bridges on the roads by which the troops were expected to come should be destroyed as the only means of averting the consequences referred to of their coming at that time.

GEO. P. KANE, Marshal.

BALTIMORE, May 9, 1861.

About 12 o'clock on the night of Friday, 19th April last, I was present when a conversation took place between Governor Hicks and my brother, the mayor of Baltimore, in reference to the best course to be pursued, by which a repetition of the troubles which had occurred on that day could be prevented. It was represented to them by Marshal Kane that troops from the North were on their way to Baltimore, and might by the following morning reach the city.

The destruction of the bridges on the Northern Central and the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroads was, in the opinion of my brother, the best and most effective method to obstruct their progress. In this opinion Governor Hicks fully concurred. When asked by my brother whether or not he gave his consent to the measure, the governor expressed a desire for time for reflecting. Being reminded by those present of the lateness of the hour, and the necessity for prompt action, my brother again earnestly appealed to Governor Hicks and asked him for his consent. Governor Hicks' answer was, in substance, although I may not use his exact words, "I see nothing else to be done." "But, sir," said my brother, "I cannot act without your consent; do you give it?" The governor's reply was distinctly given in the affirmative.

J. CUMMING BROWN.

FREDERICK, MD., May 10 [?], 1861.

Honorable JOHN C. BROWN:

DEAR SIR: As reference has been made by his honor the mayor of Baltimore City to my knowledge of the facts connected with the interview between him and the governor of Maryland on the night of the 19th ultimo, it gives me pleasure to furnish the desired statement.

I was present between 11 and 12 o'clock p. m. on Friday, the 19th of April, at the residence of a prominent citizen of Baltimore when Marshal Kane, who was one of the company, received information by one of his officers that a telegram had been sent by the president of the railroad company at Philadelphia, announcing the approach of troops to Baltimore. It was the spontaneous opinion of all present that, in the terribly excited condition of the public and, an attempt to pass troops through the city would inevitably lead to a bloody collision, and perhaps to other very serious consequences. It was therefore proposed to repair at once to the office of the marshal of police, and to send immediately for the mayor and governor.

It was supposed at the time that Governor Hicks was stopping at the Fountain Hotel. Marshal Kane asked me to accompany him to Mayor Brown's house, and the other gentleman proceeded to the marshal's office. Marshal Kane and I accordingly went to the mayor's residence,

