
Maryland. I desire to support the public authorities in all appropriate duties in preserving peace, protecting property and the rights of persons, in obeying and upholding every municipal regulation and public statute consistent with the Constitution and laws of the United States and of Maryland. But unlawful combinations of men, organized for resistance to such laws, that provide hidden deposits of arms and ammunition, encourage contraband traffic with me at war with the Government, and, while enjoying its protection and privileges, stealthily wait opportunity to combine their means and forces with those in rebellion against its authority, are not among the recognized or legal rights of any class of men, and cannot be permitted under any form of government whatever. Such combinations are well known to exist in this department. The mass of citizens of Baltimore and of Maryland, loyal to the Constitution and the Union, are neither parties to nor responsible for them. The chief of police, however, is not only believed to be cognizant of these fact, but in contravention of his duty and in violation of law, he is by direction and indirection both witness and protector to the transactions and the parties engaged therein. Under such circumstances the Government cannot regard him otherwise than as the head of an armed force to is authority and acting in concert with its avowed enemies. For this reason, superseding his official authority and that of commissioner of police, I have arrested and do now detain him in custody of the United States; and in further pursuance of my instructions I have appointed for the time being Colonel Kenly, of the First Regiment of Maryland Volunteers, provost-marshal in and for the city of Baltimore, to superintend and cause to be executed the police laws provided by the legislature of Maryland, with the aid and assistance of the subordinate officers of the police department, and he will be respected accordingly.

Whenever a loyal citizen shall be otherwise named for the performance of this duty, who will execute these laws impartially and in good faith to the Government of the United States, the military force of this department will render to him that instant and willing obedience which is due from every good citizen to his government.

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Annapolis.

[Inclosure B.]

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, July 1, 1861.

To the People of the City of Baltimore:

In pursuance of orders issued from the headquarters of the Army at Washington for the preservation of the public peace in this department, I have arrested and do now detain in custody of the United States the members of the board of police, Messrs. Charles Howard, William H. Gatchell, Charles D. Hinks, and John W. Davis, the incidents of the late week furnishing full justification for this order. The police headquarters under charge of the board, when abandoned by their officers, resembled in some respects a concealed arsenal. After public recognition and protest against the "suspension of their functions," they continue in daily secret session. Upon a forced and unwarrantable construction of my proclamation of the 27th ultimo, they declared the police law itself suspended, and the officers and men off duty for the present, intending to leave the city without any police protection whatever. They

