
refused to recognize the force necessarily appointed for its protection, and hold subject to their orders now and hereafter the old police, a large body of armed men, for some purpose unknown to the Government,and inconsistent with its security. To anticipate their intentions and orders, I have temporarily placed a portion of my command within the city. I disclaim for the Government I represent all desire, intention, and purpose to interfere in any of the ordinary municipal affairs of Baltimore. Whenever a loyal citizen can be nominated to the office of marshal who will execute the police laws impartially and in good faith to the United States, the military force will be withdrawn at once from the central parts of the municipality. No soldier will be permitted in the city except under regulations satisfactory to the marshal, or by order of the general in command, and whenever the municipal laws and regulations shall be by them violated, they shall be punished according to the municipal laws and upon the judgment of the civil tribunals.

NATH. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Memorandum of ordnance, &amp;c., captured by the provost-marshal at the time of arresting the Police Commissioners of Baltimore, July 1, 1861.

Six 6-pounder iron cannon: two 4-pounder iron cannon; three hundred and thirty-two muskets, rifles, and pistols, and a large quantity of ammunition, &c.

Numbers 3. Instructions to Colonel John R. Kenly, First Maryland Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS.

June 27, 1861

SIR: My attention has been called to a resolution purporting to have been this day passed by the late board of police commissioners expressing the opinion that "the suspension of their functions suspended at the same time the operations of the police law, ad puts the officers and men off duty for the present."

You will take special notice, sir, that by my proclamation of this day neither, the law, nor the officers appointed to execute the laws, are affected in any manner whatever, except as it operates upon the members of the board of commissioners and chief of police, whose functions were and are suspended. Every part of the police law is to be enforced by you, except that which refers to the authority of the commissioners and chief of police; and every officer and man, with the exception of those persons above named, will be continued in service by you, and in the positions they now occupy, and with the advantages they now receive, unless one or more shall refuse to discharge their duties.,If any police officer declines to perform his duty, in order to avoid the anarchy which it was the purpose of the commissioners to bring upon the city by incorrectly stating that it had been by my act deprived of its police protection, you will select, in conference with such of the public authorities as will aid you, good men and true to fill their places and discharge their duties.

You will also take especial notice that no opinion, resolution, or other act of the late board of commissioners can operate to limit the effective

