
Numbers 4.-Lieutenant D. D. Perkins, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 5.-Major General W. H. Keim, Pennsylvania Militia.

Numbers 6.-Colonel J. J. Abercrombie, Seventh U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel John C. Starkweather, First Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Colonel P. Jarrett, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Captain E. McK. Hundson, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

Numbers 11.-Colonel T. J. Jackson, C. S. Army,

Numbers 12.-Strength of Johnston's division (C. S. Army), June 30, 1861.

Numbers 13.-Strength of Patterson's command (U. S. Army), June 28, 1861.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Robert Patterson, Pennsylvania Militia, of operations in the Shenandoah Valley, with orders and correspondence, and application for Court of Inquiry.
HEADQUARTERS, July 1, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON,Commanding Department of Pennsylvania:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to inform you, in confidence, that he hopes to move a column of about 35,000 men early next week, towards the enemy's lines from Fairfax Court-House to Manassas Junction, for aggressive purposes.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Martinsburg, Va., July 3, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Entered and passed through this place to-day in hot pursuit of the enemy. The Army was welcomed with enthusiasm by the mass of the population, gratified by the protection promised ad now given by the Government. The force we scattered yesterday was thirty-five hundred strong, and their loss about sixty killed. It rallied, and presented front to-day, but again retreated to a point seven miles from here, where they have been re-enforced by a party under Colonel Bee, claimed in all to be thirty thousand; in reality, thirteen thousand.

I have ordered the Rhode Island Battery to come up from Williamsport with a provision train on the 5th. Rumor indicates Colonel Stone as approaching by way of Harper's Ferry. My post-office if Hagerstown, unless thee Government re-establishes thee mail route.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, VA., July 4, 1861.

SIR: I avail myself of a favorable opportunity hastily to inform you of my arrival at this place, with no opposition of any character since thee 2nd instant, but with a warm welcome from the populace. The rebel cavalry retired from the town as the command entered, and scattered in several directions. The infantry and artillery retired towards Winchester.

I have halted temporarily to bring up supplies, which will be here to-morrow, having to-day returned all my wagons for the purpose. Pro-

