
The Twenty-eighth and Nineteenth New York Regiments will be temporarily attached to General Keim's division.

General Keim will detail a strong rear guard from his division for the wagon train. The rear guard will march on the flanks and rear of the train, and will be re-enforced by a squadron of cavalry.

General Keim will detail a competent field officer to command the rear guard.

The wagons will advance in one train in the rear of the troops, and will be required to keep closed.

The troops of the several divisions and brigades will keep closed.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Martinsburg, Va., via Bedford, July 8, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Cumberland, Md.:

Your two Pennsylvania regiments have been ordered to Cumberland, and placed under the orders of General Patterns, who directs you to hold that place and protect the people of the country, but unless threatened, to make no aggressive movement into Virginia without strong inducements and certainty of success.

If your judgment approves, occupy Piedmont, and be governed in your policy by instructions given Colonel Wallace, a copy of which will go to you.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, VA., July 9, 1861.

COLONEL: I have received the telegrams of the General-in-Chief, notifying me of the additional regiments sent me. Colonel Stone and the Nineteenth and Twenty-eighth New York Regiments arrived yesterday. General Sanford, with the Fifth and Twelfth New York Regiments, will join to-morrow. Since I last addressed you I have made no movements-in fact, have been prevented by the necessity of sending all my wagons to the rear to obtain provisions for a few days in advance and to bring up troops. The commissary has supplies (with those in hands of troops) for about ten days. Though the quartermaster has spared no exertion, and his agents have been very active, he has not as yet been able to provide a supply train for the command. I am therefore much restricted in my movements, being compelled, after three days' advance, to send back for provisions. The difficulty will increase as I advance; indeed, I am, now almost at a stand. Instead of receiving aid from the inhabitants, I find myself in an enemy's country, where our opponents can procure supplies and we nothing, except by seizure. Even information is studiously kept from us. Supplies, especially provisions, are very scarce, and not even one day's rations can be relied upon. The supply of grain also is very limited. Under these circumstances I respectfully present to the General-in-Chief the following plan, which, with my present views, I desire to carry into operation so soon as I can do so with safety and the necessity of following Johnston ceases:

I propose to move this force to Charleston, from which point I can move easily, strike at Winchester, march to Leesburg when necessary,

