
he re-enforces the Junction with his main body. McDowell's first day's work has driven the enemy beyond Fairfax Court-House. The Junction will probably be carried to-morrow.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., July 18, 1861-1.30 a. m.

Colonel TOWNSEND, Headquarters of the Army:

Telegram of to-night [17th] received. Mine gives the condition of my command. Some regiments have given warning not to serve an hour over time. To attack under such circumstances against the greatly superior force at Winchester is most hazardous. My letter of 16th gives your further information. Shall I attack?

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Repeated same day.)

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, &amp;c., Charlestown, Va.:

I have certainly been expecting you to beat the enemy. If not, to hear that you had felt him strongly, or, at least, had occupied him by threats and demonstrations. You have been at least his equal, and, I suppose, superior, in numbers. Has he not stolen a march and sent re-enforcements toward Manassas Junction? A week is enough to win victories. The time of volunteers counts from the day of muster into the service of the United States. You must not retreat across the Potomac. If necessary, when abandoned by the short-term volunteers, intrench somewhere and wait for re-enforcements.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., July 18, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Telegraph of to-day received. The enemy has stolen no march upon me. I have kept him actively employed, and by threats and reconnaissances in force caused him to be re-enforced. I have accomplished in this respect more than the General-in-Chief asked or could well be expected, in face of an enemy far superior in numbers, with no line of communication to protect. Our future post-office, Sandy Hook.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTOWN, VA., July 18, 1861-1 p. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have succeeded, in accordance, with the wishes of the General -in-Chief, in keeping General Johnston's force at Winchester. A reconnaissance in force on Tuesday caused him to be largely re-enforced from Strasburg.

With the existing feeling and determination of the three months' men to return home, it would be ruinous to advance, or even to stay here,

