
HARPER'S FERRY, July 23, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army:

My train is crossing the river, and I will go to join with all my available force unless I hear from you by immediate return dispatch.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1861-4.15 p. m.

To General PATTERSON, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

Your force is not wanted here. It is expected you will hold Harper's Ferry unless threatened by a force well ascertained to be competent to expel you.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1861-11.30 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,

U. S. Army, Commanding, &amp;c., Harper's Ferry:

I deem it useful, perhaps, highly important, to hold Harper's Ferry.

It will probably soon be attacked, but not, I hope, before I shall have sent you adequate re-enforcements. A Connecticut regiment may soon be expected by you. Others shall to-morrow be ordered to follow.

WINFIELD SCOOT.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1861-11.30 p. m.

Major-General BANKS, Harper's Ferry:

The following information has just been received from A. N. Rankin, editor of Rep. and Transcript:

There are nine 32-pounders, four 44-pounders, and two 6-pounders, and 1,000 stand of arms at Winchester, with but 500 men, raw militia, to guard the same. There are also about 1,000 tents and a very large amount of powder, balls, and shell.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., July 23, 1861.

Brevet Major-General CADWALADER, Hagerstown, Md.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I inclose an army order cut from a newspaper, which contains the only information on the subject which has reached these headquarters.* It is doubtless genuine, and under these circumstances neither you nor I can make any movement towards Washington without being liable to the imputation of seeking service or thrusting ourselves upon the administration.

I have therefore to request that you will consider the order which you sent to Hagerstown rescinded.

Brigadier-General Williams will leave here to-morrow with the Tenth Regiment, and is ordered to take command of any troops he may find at Hagerstown and conduct them to Harrisburg.

I will follow you as soon as relieved.

With great regard, very sincerely, yours,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Reference is probably to General Order, Numbers 46, of July 19, p. 171.

---------------

