
onel Abercrombie, in command of the leading brigade was met by the enemy, who had taken a position in a body of timber, and opposed his advance with much determination, using both artillery and infantry. My brigade being the next, I brought it into line on the left of the road, one section of Perkins' Battery being thrown forward, supported by the Twenty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers (colonel Dare), completely outflanking the enemy's right. After a few discharges from the artillery the enemy retreated, hotly pursued both by Abercrobie's Brigade on the right of the road, and mine on the left, for more than three miles. The Twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers (Colonel Ballier) deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Sixth, Colonel Nagle, passed over their camp, which had been abandoned in much disorder and haste.

The artillery, supported by the Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced along the road, until halted by the general's orders, and my brigade went into camp upon part of the ground previously occupied by the enemy on Hoke's Run. Two companies of the Second Cavalry, Captains Whiting and Royall, were held in reserve, as I hoped that i might have an opportunity of charging the enemy after the retreat commenced; but no such opportunity was offered, on account of the broken and wooded nature of the country over which we had to operate.

There were no casualties in my brigade. One hundred and fifty tents were found in the enemy's camps and destroyed; also a large quantity of forage, as we had no means of transporting either. It gives me much pleasure to say that the troops behaved with the utmost coolness and precision during the engagement. I herewith submit reports of Captains Perkins and Hudson, in command of separate sections of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Colonel Second Cavalry, Commanding First Brigade.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of Pennsylvania.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant D. D. Perkins, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR MARTINSBURG, VA., July 4, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations in the affair of the 2nd instant. My battery of light artillery, Company F, of the Fourth Regiment, U. S. Army, having been assigned by sections to the different columns, I remained with the center section (Lieutenant Martin's), composed of two 6-pounder guns. A few miles after crossing the Potomac firing commenced on the right, with Colonel Abercrombie's brigade, and by direction of Colonel George H. Thomas, commanding brigade to which I had been assigned, I proceeded as rapidly as possible to the front, and took position in a wheat field on the left of the main road. Here, not finding any occasion to place my guns in battery, I passed on, inclining to the right through several fields, up to a thick wood, which afforded cover for a body of the enemy's skirmishers. With the assistance of Colonel Dare and Colonel Ballier, commanding regiments, in support, this place was soon cleared, and I moved along the edge of the wood, when, by direction of Colonel Thomas, who vis-

