
The loss on the part of the enemy was large, estimated from 60 to 80 killed and a large number wounded. Our loss, 2 killed; 13 wounded; 1 missing.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

W. H. KEIM,

Major-General, Commanding Second Div. Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel F. J. PORTER, Department of Pennsylvania.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel J. J. Abercrombie, Seventh U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH BRIGADE, July 8, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the reports of Colonels Starkweather and Jarrett, of the First Wisconsin and Eleventh Pennsylvania Regiments, relative to the combat of the 2nd of this month. The troops composing the Sixth Brigade, including Captain McMullin's Rangers, acquitted themselves with much credit, both to officers and men. Captain Hundson's section of the Light Battery, and the City Troop, under Captain James, aided materially in driving the enemy from the field.

With trifling exceptions, much praise is due the Pennsylvania Eleventh, Colonel Jarrett, and Wisconsin First, Colonel Starkweather. The colonels of these regiments displayed great coolness and activity in getting and maintaining their positions in line to the close of the conflict.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. J. ABERCROMBIE,

Colonel Seventh Infantry, Commanding Sixth Brigadier Volunteer Militia.

Major FITZ-JOHN PORTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department Pennsylvania.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel John C. Starkweather, First Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. 1ST Regiment WIS. VOLS., 2nd DIV., 6TH Brigadier,Martinsburg, Va., July 4, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor of reporting for your information and that of the War Department, that on the 2nd day of July, 1861, when en route for Martinsburg, within a short distance of Hoke's Run, at about 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, First Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers being in advance of the column's main body, I detailed Company B, Captain H. A. Mitchell, to deploy to the right and left of the road as skirmishers in advance of the column, being sustained on the road by the cavalry. After such deployment had been made and an advance forward of about a quarter of a mile, firing was heard in continued long volleys from a large body of the enemy's troops, which was well replied to by Company B and McMullin's Rangers. The strength of the enemy being too great, however, for the skirmishers engaged, I deployed Company A, Captain George B. Bingham, to their assistance, and kept them all in position, doing great execution, until ordered to fall back slowly, so as to allow the artillery to work more effectually, who

