
Numbers 10. Report of Brigadier General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.*
HEADQUARTERS, DARKESVILLE, July 4, 1861.

GENERAL: I respectfully transmit herewith Colonel Jackson's report of his operations, including those of Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart's Cavalry, on the 2nd and 3rd instants. This report gives most satisfactory evidence of the skill of these two officers and the efficiency of the troops under their command. Each of these two officers has, since the commencement of hostilities, been exercising the command corresponding to the next grade above the commission he holds, and proved himself fully competent to such command. I therefore respectfully recommend that Colonel Jackson be promoted without delay to the grade of brigadier-General, and Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart to that of colonel.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

General COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel T. J. Jackson, C. S. Army, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Darkesville, July 3, 1861.

COLONEL: About 7 1/2 a. m. yesterday I received a note at Camp Stephens from Lieutenant Colonel J. E. B. Stuart, of the Virginia Cavalry, to the effect that the Federal troops were four and one-half miles in advance. Having received instructions from you not to fall back unless the enemy were in force, but having assured myself of his being in force to retire under cover of our cavalry, I immediately ordered forward Colonel Harper's regiment and Captain Pendleton's battery, and gave the necessary instructions for moving the baggage to the rear should it be necessary, and for advancing other regiments should it be desirable; Colonel Gordon being instructed to guard the baggage. After advancing a short distance I left three pieces of the battery. On reaching the vicinity of Falling Waters I found Federal troops in the position indicated by Colonel Stuart. I directed Colonel Harper to deploy two of his companies, under command of Major Baylor, to the right. The enemy soon advanced, also deployed, and opened their fire, which was returned by our skirmishers with such effect as to force those of the enemy back on their reserve. From house and barn which we took possession of an apparently fell back. Soon the enemy opened with his artillery, which Captain Pendleton, after occupying a good position in rear and waiting until the advance sufficiently crowded the road in front, replied to with a solid shot, which entirely cleared the road in front.

Having ordered the guartermaster, Major John A. Harman, to move the baggage to the rear, as I had satisfied myself that the enemy were in force, and that my orders required me to retire, I continued to fall

---------------

*See also Johnston's report (Numbers 81.) of the Bull Run campaign.

---------------

