
existing, and being in the neighborhood of the large forces of the enemy, from whom they could readily be re-enforced.

I regret deeply to report the death of our gallant and able commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux, and of Private Stephen Hackett, of the Shreveport Grays. In addition, I report Private Bufford, of the Crescent Rifles, slightly wounded in the head. Our position in ambush, and the sudden disappearance of the enemy, made it impossible for me to estimate the numbers of the latter with any approach to accuracy.

Both officers and men of the infantry, upon whom my attention was almost entirely bestowed for the two or three moments during which the command devolved on me, behaved with coolness. Three of the enemy are believed to be killed or wounded.

S. W. FISK,

Captain, Commanding Crescent Rifles.

Major RIGHTOR, Louisiana Battalion.

[Indorsement.]

YOUNG'S MILLS, VA., July 5, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER:

SIR: I have received your dispatch, and in conformity with your instructions I send you the above detailed account of the affair, drawn up by Captain Fisk, of the Crescent Rifles. The bodies of the deceased are laid out in a little church near this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux fell last evening about 10 o'clock, leaving me in command of the battalion. Please send me full instructions, and let me know whether the cavalry force stationed here is under my command. I have not the remotest idea of their whereabouts at this moment, and, in case of necessity, I have no means of dispatching you a courier.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. RIGHTOR,

Major, Commanding Louisiana Battalion.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Lee, commanding, with the following remarks:

SIR: I had left Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux in command at Lowery's Mill on the morning before the skirmish, and had myself gone with a larger force to the York road, as the enemy had crossed Hampton Creek. Late that night I learned, for the first time, at Bartlett's, of the expedition, and the next morning of the death of its gallant leader. I since ascertained that the whole of the enemy's force was about four hundred. The enemy fled. Out men occupied the field, and very deliberately took off their killed and wounded. A war steamer, in the afternoon, came up the river and threw shells into the wood where the affair happened.*

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Robert C. Stanard, C. S. Army.

YORKTOWN, VA., July 7, 1861.

DEAR SIR: In accordance with your instructions, I hereby submit my account of the skirmish which occurred on the morning of July 5,

---------------

*See also in "Correspondence, etc.," post, Magruder to Deas, July 7, 1861.

---------------

