
prevented from discharging their duty, their pay constitutes a legal claim on the city, form which, in my opinion, it cannot be relieved.

The new force which has been enrolled is in direct violation of the law of the State; and no money can be appropriated by the city for its support without incurring the heavy penalties provided by the act of assembly. Officers in the fire-alarm and police telegraph department, who are appointed by the mayor and city council and not by the board of police, have been discharged, and others have been substituted in their place.

I mention these facts with profound sorrow, and with no purpose whatever of increasing the difficulties unfortunately existent in this city, but because it is your right to be acquainted with the true condition of affairs, and because I cannot help entertaining the hope that redress will yet be afforded by the authorities of the United States upon suspicion entertained of any meditated hostility on the part of the city authorities against the General Government is wholly unfounded, and, with the best means of knowledge, express the confident belief and conviction that the re is no organization of any kind among the people for such a purpose. I have no doubt that the officers of the United States have acted on information, which they deemed reliable, obtained form our own citizens, some of whom may be deluded by their fears, while others are actuated by beer motives; but suspicions thus derived be grade and alarming violations of the rights of individual citizens, of the city of Baltimore, and of the State of Maryland.

Very respectfully,

GEO. WM. BROWN, Mayor.

No. 5. Statement of George M. Gill.

BALTIMORE, July 12, 1861.

Honorable GEO. WM. BROWN, Mayor of the City of Baltimore:

In your communication to the city council of yesterday, which I did not see until after it was communicated to the council, you refer to the fact that I accompanied you on Friday, April 19, to the Camden station. There were some additional circumstances which I deem it proper to state. You desired me to accompany you, hoping that I might aid in preventing any violence on that day, or interruption to the troops then about to pass through, in case any should be attempted. Your impression was that no such attempt would be made, but nevertheless you thought every precaution should be taken, in case of any such attempt, to resist it. For the sole purpose of doing this I accompanied you.

After we reached the Camden station there were manifestations of excitement among the crowd their assembled, and the police commissioners (expecting Mr. Hinks, then absent from the city) gave directions to Marshal Kane, in my presence, to use his whole force in keeping order and protecting the troops from being interrupted. The reply of Marshal Kane then made was, that if he and his whole force lost their lived the troops should be protected.

After the first of the troops reached Camden station a rush of people was made at the cars in which they then were, but the police interfered

