
under your command with about same force I took to the Red House (450), and moved eastwardly on the Northwestern turnpike in pursuit of the enemy. I left with two days' rations, and ordered more to be sent. I had no transportation facilities, and could take little baggage of any kind. With some difficulty my quartermaster impressed two teams, which served to transport a few cooking utensils and the scanty provisions I took along. We pursued the enemy under your personal command little over two days, and seemed to gradually near him, when on Wednesday, the 17th, the column was turned back. The whole command marched back to this point in two days, somewhat fatigued, but in the best of order, and in very good spirits. My own I know to be particularly so.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. W. ANDREWS,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment O. V. M.

Brigadier-General HILL,

Commanding U. S. Troops, N. W. Virginia.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant H. A. Myers, Ringgold Cavalry, of operations from July 7 to 15.
HEADQUARTERS RINGGOLD CAVALRY,Grafton, Va., July 21, 1861.

I was ordered by General Hill on the 7th of July to take twenty-five men of the Ringgold Cavalry to serve as mounted scouts under command of Colonel Irvine, of the Sixteenth Ohio, and reported my command to him on the same night. I remained attached to his command until Monday, the 15th of July. On the morning of the 8th six of my command were sent by order of Colonel Irvine out on the Saint George road, sometimes called the Horseshoe Run road, that intersects the Northwestern turnpike at Red House, to Rinehart's School-House. They remained there until Saturday, the 13th, when they were ordered by Colonel Irvine to come into his camp at West Union, which they did the same afternoon. I had ascertained from persons living on the Saint George road before mentioned that the rebels were retreating, and would be through on that road from Saint George to Red House on Saturday night or Sunday, and reported the same to Colonel Irvine. I told him I thought it important that scouts should be sent out in that direction, and gave him the information I had received. He replied that there were other points of more importance.

About sundown on Saturday, the 13th, a man came up from the neighborhood of Rinehart's School-House, and told me that he had heard that they were coming through on that road. I again went to Colonel Irvine and gave him this information, and told him that some of my boys were anxious to go out on that road. He said he would see about it, and walked away. I returned to my quarters, and remained there pursuant to his orders.

H. A. MYERS,

Second Lieutenant, Ringgold Cavalry.

