
Numbers 15. Congratulatory address from General McClellan.

ARMY OF OCCUPATION, WESTERN VIRGINIA,

Beverly, Va., July 16, 1861.

Soldier of the Army of the West!

I am more than satisfied with you.

you have annihilated two armies, commanded by educated and experienced soldiers, entrenched in mountain fastness fortified at their leisure. You have taken five guns, twelve colors, fifteen hundred stand of arms, one thousand prisoners, including more than for officers - one of the two commanders of the rebels is a prisoners, the other lost his life on the field of battle. You have killed more than two hundred and fifty of the enemy, who has lost all his baggage and camp equipage. All this has been accomplished with the loss of twenty brave men killed and sixty wounded on your part.

You have proved that Union men, fighting for the preservation of our Government, are more than a match for our misguided and erring brethren; more than this, you have shown merry to the vanquished. You have made long and ardors marches, after with insufficient food, frequently exposed to the inclemency of the weather. I have not hesitated to demand this of you, feeling that I could rely on your endurance, patriotism, and courage.

In the future I may have still greater demands to make upon you, still greater sacrifices for you to offer. It shall be my care to provide for you to the extent of my ability; but I know now that by your valor and endurance you will accomplish all that is asked.

Soldiers! I have confidence in you, and I trust you have learned to confide in me. Remember that discipline and subordination are qualities of equal value with courage.

I am proud to say that you have gained the highest reward that American troops can receive - the thanks of Congress and the applause of your fellow-citizens.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Numbers 16. Report of Brigadier General R. S. Garnett, C. S. Army, of preliminary operations, with correspondence, from June 25 to July 6.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp at Laurel Hill, Va., June 25, 1861.

SIR: I reached Huttonsville on the 14th instant. I found there twenty-three companies of infantry, mostly mustered into service, but in a miserable condition as to arms, clothing, equipments, instruction, and discipline. Twenty of these companies were organized into two regiments, the one under Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson and the other under Lieutenant-Colonel Heck. Though wholly incapable, in my judgment, of rendering anything like efficient service, I deemed it of such importance to possess myself of the two turnpike passes over the Rich and Laurel Mountains, before they should be seized by the enemy, that I left Huttonsville on the evening of the 15th with these two regiments

