
Mr. S. M. Yost will also be appointed assistant quartermaster. The officers whom you state you have found in that region were appointed by the governor, in the hope that their standing and political influence would enable them to organize regiments of volunteers. The appointment of Colonel L. Wilson has not been confirmed by the convention. He is, therefore, not in the service. Major P. B. Adams is the major of the Thirty-fifth Virginia Regiment, whom you were directed, in a previous letter, to cause to report to Colonel Alfred Beckley. W. L. Jackson was appointed lieutenant-colonel of the same Regiment. The regiments commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Heck and Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, I presume, are the Twenty-fifth, of which G. A. Porterfield is colonel, and the Thirty-first, of which W. J. Willey is colonel. Should I be correct, please number them accordingly, and inform me the field officers which you have attached to them. Should Lieutenant-Colonel Arnett, Major Boston Stewart, Second Lieutenant J. Bosworth, Second Lieutenant B. Haymond, and Lieutenant Norment have no commands with the troops of your army, and be unable to organize any volunteer companies, please let me know. I am glad to hear that the troops and articles forwarded you have reached you in safety. A Georgia regiment, Colonel E. Johnson, and a North Carolina regiment, Colonel S. Lee, are on their way to join you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 11, 1861.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Commanding, &c., Charlestown, Va.:

GENERAL: In a letter received to-day from General Garnett, commanding Northwestern Army, he reports having learned from reliable sources that two thousand eight hundred men, who had been embarked on light draught steamers at Pittsburg to operate in the Kanawha Valley, have been diverted from that purpose and landed at Parkersburg, from which place they have been advanced to Clarksburg and buckhannon, and with other troops have taken up their position in his front. He thinks they will not attempt an invasion of the Kanawha Valley if made to apprehend danger of losing possession of the Northwestern Railroad and country, and that one of the most effective means of keeping that valley free is to give General McClellan full occupation where he now is. He thinks that if your column should move from Charleston direct upon Parkersburg it would merely have the effect of bringing further re-enforcements from Ohio; but if it were to march from Summersville, in Nicholas County, to Bulltown, in Braxton, both of which are loyal to our cause, it would be within a few days' march of Weston, and would threaten both it and Buckhannon, and that the enemy would thus be divided, and might be struck at in detail. Communication with General Garnett can be had by way of Huttonsville. He estimates the enemy's force at six thousand men; at Grafton, a few hundred; at Clarksburg, about three thousand; at Weston, two thousand; and at Cheat River Bridge, from two to three thousand; making a total of about seventeen thousand men. General McClellan was said to be in command at Grafton and Morris at philippi.

I have thought proper to give you the above information that you may be informed of the enemy's supposed purposes on your right; and

