
should you not find employment for your command in the Kanawha Valley, and think it advisable, you might concert measures with General Garnett for a united attack on the forces of General McClellan.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Numbers 17. Reports from and instructions to Major M. G. Harman, C. S. Army, commanding at Staunton, va.

STAUNTON, VA., July 14, 1861.

General R. L. LEE:

Below is a note, sent in by Private Strain, from Colonel Scott. I can form no idea of the extent of the loss we have sustained, but will communicate with you as I receive information. Have telegraph offices kept open night and day:

HUTTONSVILLE, VA., July 12, 1861.

DEAR SIR: Camp Garnett has been taken, and General Garnett will retire through Hardy. I am directed to unite with your regiment and Colonel Johnson's, and fortify Cheat Mountain. Therefore hasten your march by forced marches.

W. C. SCOTT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment.

I will do all in my power to raise one thousand men is this county, to march to General Garnett's aid before the governor returns, and will do all that can be done to procure transportation to send off the Arkansas regiments without delay.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., July 14, 1861.

Major General ROBERT E. LEE:

DEAR SIR: I have received the inclosed from W. C. Scott, of the Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.* I telegraphed you the same, but send it, for fear it has reached you. have the offices kept open night and delay. I have had all the colonels of the militia of the county summoned to be here at 7 o'clock this morning, and will, according to your orders, have the whom militia of county called out to-day. Every exertion shall made to have all pushed up with promptness and dispatch. I will advise you by telegraph as further information reaches me. I cannot yet tell the extent tell the extent of the disaster, but fear, from Colonel Scott's retrograde movement, that it is serious, and also much fear that General Garnett will at least lose all his wagons and baggage going through Hardy.

Mr. Hughes, a member of the Convention, from the county of Randolph, I think, was sent by Colonel Scott to Colonel Pegram, and was killed by our own men. Captain De Lagnel was dangerously wounded, and reported left on the field. Give my orders by telegraph as anything occurs. Please see the Quartermaster-General. I wrote to him by to-day's mail, and you will see, from his letter, that I need instructions to purchase horses for the transportation required. I have asked to be furnished with $20,000. My letter will give you particulars. The cars are waiting.

Hastily and respectfully,

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

---------------

* See next preceding dispatch.

---------------

