HEADQUARTERS OF THE VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 14, 1861.

Major M. G. HARMAN, Staunton, Va.:

Send by express the following:

General H. R. JACKSON:

Take command of Scott's, Johnson's, and Lee's regiments, and such other forces as may be at hand. Oppose the advance of the enemy, and move to the relief of General Garnett. Four hundred rounds of ammunition, for the guns forwarded, has been sent.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., July 15, 1861.

President DAVIS:

Our force has retreated to Monterey. We have no certain knowledge that the enemy have taken possession of Cheat Mountain in force. We hope that by prompt action it can be taken and held by our troops with suitable re-enforcements. Certainly they can hold other mountains west of Monterey. The enemy is it possession Cheat Mountain, and still more at Monterey will find free passage to the Central Railroad, and to the valley in rear of General Johnston, unless vigorously opposed. There is a turnpike road from Huttonsville to Huntersville, and thence to the Warm Springs, and thence to the Central Railroad at Milborough, as well as to jackson's River and Lewisburg, from Monterey to the Warm Springs, and to hardy County. there are turnpike roads to prevent the enemy coming from the direction of Warm Springs, or northeastwardly into the valley. We should hold Cheat Mountain, or be as near it as possible, so as to threaten his rear and flank in any movement he makes, besides checking his advance in this direction, and keeping command of several roads for the advance of our troops. A force may be sent also to Jackson's River, by the Central Railroad, or by canal and turnpike from Lynchburg. A piece or two of artillery, with powder, lead, and buckshot, for the militia, should be sent with this force. they cannot be brought in this county. Without prompt action a local reverse may become a general disaster. Excuse these suggestions.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., July 15, 1861.

Major-General LEE:

Lieutenant Smith, of Lee's Rifles, just arrived, reports that the fight commenced about 4 p. m., and lasted about one hour and a half. The enemy outnumbered us ten to one. We repulsed them three times. We lost forty killed and prisoners. Among the killed, Captain De Lagnel. We killed quite one hundred and fifty of the enemy. Captain Curry, who was wounded, came down the hill to the fort, and was the only one who did. The men in the engagement were not reenforced from Heck's command, because he was fearing an attack from the front, the enemy being in view. Heck brought his regiment out of the fortifications to retreat, about 11 o'clock at night, by order of Pegram, who had returned from the battle-field, hurt from a fall from his horse. Heck formed in the road, Lilley's company in front, and started through the mountains in the dark, and soon got separated, about three having arrived at Monterey. Nearly the whole of Pegram's regiment are safe.

