
aware that from Huttonsville, where he now is, there is a good road passing through Huntersville, and, by the Warm Springs, to the Central Railroad, above Staunton.

I inclose herewith a rough sketch of the surrounding country, with its passes, roads, and distances, to which you may possibly have an occasion to refer.

I am be by the Huntersville and Warm Springs road. I have scouts, deemed to be reliable, put out upon that road to watch and report his movements; other upon the Huttonsville road and through the country towards Franklin and Petersburg for the same purpose, and to direct our scattered troops into this camp.

It is needless to add that we are encountering many difficulties and annoyances from the want of tents, blankets, clothing, &amp;c., for the men who are coming in almost hourly, and even from their disorganized and depressed condition. However, I think I can report the command as being, on the whole, in fair condition, constantly increasing in numbers, and improving in every respect; the officers generally, and especially Colonel Johnson, energetic, and rendering cheerful and effective service. The returns indicate the presence of from three thousand to thirty-five hundred effective troops, among them two companies of cavalry. I have three pieces of Artillery (6-pounders), with horses and ammunition, and I am organizing a company of officers and men, who are experienced, to a greater or less degree in the use of that arm, and will take them in charge. I would beg once again to urge the importance of our being speedily re-enforced, especially in artillery and engineers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army C. S., Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Camp at Monterey, Va., July 16 [18?], 1861.

SIR: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit copies of correspondence with Major-General McClellan, of the U. S. Army, which will explain themselves. Further information received has confirmed into assurance the hope expressed in my last letter that the retreating column of General Garnett had not been so wholly [dispersed] after his death as was first supposed. I have good reason to believe that by Friday next some twenty-five hundred or three thousand men connected with it will join me here.

I also learn that a company of artillery with four pieces, and capable of effective service, has escaped the disasters of the last week almost intact. With an Arkansas regiment, understood to be approaching from Staunton, this accession will raise my command to some seven thousand men. I have sent a courier to met Colonel Ramsey, with a direction that the artillery and cavalry be advanced with all possible dispatch. So soon as I can control their services, I hope to occupy the stronghold of the Alleghany Mountains, which commands this road, the indications of yesterday having suggested that the enemy may conclude to advance by that route.

The work of reorganization is going on in this camp quite perceptibly, I think, but I have been somewhat alarmed by a notification from Major

