
such of these as may accept the terms offered them. I would be glad to know what transportation, &amp;c., you can provide for them, and at what point I may expect it. If no other arrangement will be convenient to you, I will provide wagons and tents, as well as cooking utensils, for the party, with the understanding that the proper authorities shall undertake to return them to me. The wagons and tents will probably be of those captured at Camp Garnett. Please inform me how many days' rations it will be necessary to furnish to the party. I will be glad also to arrange for the return of the wounded as soon as their condition will permit it. In the mean time their friends may rest assured that every attention will be paid to them.

You will, ere this, no doubt, be informed of the unhappy fate of General Garnett, who fell while acting the part of a gallant soldier. His remains are now at Grafton, preserved in ice, where they will await the instructions of his relatives, should they desire to remove them to his home.

While I am determined to play my part in this unhappy contest to the utmost of my energy and ability, permit me to assure you of my desired to do all in my power to alleviate its miseries, and to confine its effects to those who constitute the organized armies and meet in battle. It is my intention to cause the persons and property of private citizens to be respected, and to render the condition of prisoners and wounded as little oppressive and miserable as possible. I trust that I shall be met in the same spirit, and this contest shall remain free from the usual horrible features of civil war.

I send this by Lieutenant R. G. Lipford, of the Forty-fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, who chances to be the captured officer most convenient. I have not yet taken his final parole, but have given him a special one for the purpose of conveying this letter and bringing back an immediate reply. Upon his return he will be accorded the same parole as the others. For obvious reasons I request that your reply be transmitted by Lieutenant Lipford.

I will proceed, with as little delay as possible, to the release of the prisoners, and, if ready to forward before your reply reaches me, will take it form granted that you accede to my proposals in regard to the return of the property sent with them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department of the Ohio.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. CONFEDERATE ARMY NORTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,July 7, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

SIR: It affords me pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, and to respond, as I do most cordially, to the expressions of humane feeling by which it is characterized. I shall this morning dispatch ten wagons for the transportation of such of the prisoners referred to as may accept their release upon the terms required by the Commander-in-Chief of the U. S. Army. The officer in charge of them will be instructed to proceed to the western base of the Cheat Mountain range, and to await the released prisoners there. Should he chance to required the use of any of the camp equipage which may

