
On June 7 we left Staunton with one battery of four pieces (6-pounder brass cannon), temporarily assigned to the Eighth Star Artillery, from Shenandoah County, command by Captain Rice, afterwards' assigned to the Lee Battery, commanded by Captain Anderson; one company of cavalry, commanded by Captain Moorman, and three companies of infantry. About the same time we received orders from the governor to call out the militia of Pendleton, Highland, Bath, Pocahontas, Randolph, and Barbour. We immediate dispatch Lieutenant John T. Cowan (who had been ordered to report to me for duty) and others to these counties with the governors' proclamation and orders for the militia of the three first-named counties to meet us at Monterey, in Highland County, on June 10. Having authority from the governor to use the militia or not, as we saw proper, we arranged for each county to furnish a company of 100 men, which was done, and the rest were discharged. We considered that many volunteers to be worth more than the whole militia force; besides, it was necessary of some to remain at home to take care of the crops, as our army had to be supplied principally from those counties. Three companies were formed from the militia of Highland, Bath, and Pendleton, and the militia from those counties sent home.

With this force (in all eight companies) we reached Colonel Porterfield's headquarters, at Huttonsville, on June 15. General Garnett, who had reached there one day in advance with one staff officer, ordered Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Jackson and myself to form a regiment each from the companies then there, about twenty-four in number. My regiment was composed of ten companies of infantry, to which was attached one company of cavalry and one of artillery.

Immediately after the formation of my regiment I received orders to march that night to Rich Mountain Pass. Captain Corley, of the general staff, was sent with me to select the location for fortifications.

We marched that night, and early the next morning, June 16, occupied the western slope of the mountain near its base, seven miles west of Beverly.

We worked our whole force on the fortifications for several days, but made rather slow progress, as we had but few tools and no engineer until Prof. Jed. Hotchkiss joined the command.

On the same day that I occupied this position General Garnett, with Colonel Jackson's regiment, occupied the Laurel Hill Pass, seventeen miles northwest of Beverly. The enemy was at this time holding Philippi with a considerable force and Buckhannon with a small force.

On June - I was ordered by General Garnett to take part of my regiment and all the wagons under my command and go to Buckhannon on a foraging expedition, a report of which you have.

The day after we left Buckhannon June-, the enemy, under General Rosecrans, about 5,000 strong, occupied the place and was very soon largely re-enforced.

On July [6] a detachment of about 100 men made an attack on our picket at Middle Fork Bridge, about half-way between our camp and Buckhannon. Notwithstanding their superior numbers they were repulsed, leaving one dead on the field. Three of our pickets were wounded-one slightly, the other two severely. The enemy soon afterwards appearing in large force, our picket was compelled to withdraw from the bridge.

On July 7 I sent out Major Tyler, of the Twentieth Virginia Regiment, who had been sent with seven companies to re-enforce me, with two companies to reconnoiter the enemy's force and position at the

