
firing rapidly for some time the enemy again beat a hasty retreat, when my men, including the infantry not yet in action, rent the air with their shouts, confidently believing that we had gained the day. But in a short time the enemy again formed and renewed the attack with more swiftness than before, and soon played havoc with our horses. These, with the caisson, ran down the mountain with drivers and all, leaving us with only the small amount of ammunition in our limber-box. We then limbered and moved our gun near a small log stable, behind which we placed our horses for protection. By this time our men were falling fast. Sergeant Turner, of the gun, had both legs broken and shot through the body; I. I. Mays had his left arm splintered with a musket ball; Isaiah Ryder shot through the head, and died instantly; John A. Taylor had his thigh broken; E. H. Kersey, shot in the ankle; Lewis Going, wounded in the arm; William W. Stewart, badly wounded in the head and breast. This left me but few to man the gun. Captain De Lagnel, who was the commander of the post, having his horse shot under him and seeing our crippled condition, gallantly came and volunteer his valuable aid, and helped load and fire three or four times, when he was shot in the side, and, I think, in the hand. He then ordered us to make our escape, if we could, but the enemy was too close, and his fire too severe, to admit of safe retreat to many of us. I was shot though the right hand, and am now a prisoner, with the following of my men: Warren Currin, B. H. Davidson,james B. Creasey, William H. Broyles, and R. W. Walker. The rest of my command made their escape. I suppose we killed and wounded of the enemy some three hundred or more.

I take great pleasure in saying that my command in this fight, both those with guns and those in the artillery, acted heroically, and deserve the highest commendation. Private W. H. Broyles was the last to leave the gun, and pricked the last cartridge that we fired.

I have the honor to be, your obedient, servant,

CHAS. W. STATHAM,

First Lieutenant Lee Battery.

Captain P. B. ANDERSON, Lee Battery, P. A. C. S.

Numbers 26. Report of Lieutenant John R. Massey, Lee Battery, C. S. Army, of the engagement at Rich Mountain.

CAMP ALLEGHANY,

Pocahontas County, Va., August 8, 1861.

SIR: On the morning of the 11th of July, 1861, I was stationed, with one gun and detachment under my command, in a gorge on the left of the front breastworks at Camp Garnett, near the Rich Mountain, in the county of Randolph, Va.

On the morning of the 11th of July you notified me to hold myself in readiness for prompt action. Between 10 and 11 o'clock a. m. I was informed by Colonel Heck that it was your order that my gun should be moved to the top of the Stonecoal Hill, which was on the extreme left of the camp in front. I moved to that position thereafter. Discovering a number of the enemy's cavalry on top of Rich Mountain, opposite Hart's house, about one and a half miles in the rear of our breastworks, I requested Colonel Heck to inform Colonel Pegram.

