
Pegram. I did go to his assistance at the very time, at the very place, and in the very manner requested by him and ordered by General Garnett. If that time, place, and manner were not the right time, place, and manner, it was not my fault.

It has been said that Hughes was drunk when I sent him to Colonel Pegram. This, in my opinion, and in the opinion of those of my regimen with whom I have conversed on the subject, is a foul slander on a gallant man and a patriot, who lost his life in serving his country. If Hugles had been drinking at all, I did not perceive it in his appearance, manner, or conduct.

It is proper I should notice the following order, which I received from Genera Garnett some time during the day on which the fight took place:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT N. W. A.,Camp at Laurel Hill, July 11, 1861.

Colonel SCOTT,

Commanding Regiment en route to Laurel Hill:

COLONEL: General Garnett directs that you take your position high up on the road indicated by Colonel Pegram, secrete your, men, and cut down trees to block up the road in front of you. If you are forced back, block up the road as you go an defend every inch of it.

By order of General Garnett:

JAMES L. CORLEY,

Captain, C. S. A., Acting Adjutant-General.

If you have not axes enough to block up the road with, send down to Beverly for them.

The road to which that order refers is the county road I was ordered to guard. Candor compels me to say that I do not recollect distinctly the time at which that order was received. I know it was not received before I send Hughes as a messenger to colonel Pegram. I am satisfied it was received after Lieutenant Cochrane came to me from the mountain, and I believe I received it after I returned from the mountain and reached Beverly. If I received it after I sent Hughes to Colonel Pegram, and before I went up the mountain, I doubtless did not obey it, because I was anxious to hear from Colonel Pegram; and to go high up the county road and secrete my men would place it out of my power to reach him in time to render him any assistance in case he should request my presence on the mountain. If I received it, as I am satisfied I did, after Lieutenant cochrane came to me, I did not obey it, because I had ascertained from that road, as they had already come around Colonel Pegrams' left flank. But whenever receipt, it made but little or on impression upon me, as I deemed it folly to be executed at that time. My decided impression is, however, that I received it after my return to Beverly, and late in the evening, while annoyed by a crowd.

My retreat-Why I did not fortify Cheat Mountain, &amp;c.,-On arriving at Beverly I was immediately surrounded by a crowd of citizens and others. Seeing among them Mr. George W. Berlin, with whom I had been acquainted in the Convention, and Judge Camden, a member of the Provisional Congress, I requested an interview with them in a private room in the hotel. During that interview Lieutenant Cochrane consulted me on the propriety of removing quartermaster and commissary stores from Beverly, and I ordered him to get all the wagons that could be procured and fill them with those stores, and take out of jail some twenty prisoners and place them under a guard of my regiment. I consulted Mr. Berlin and Judge Camden as to the course I should pursue, and our interview ended by my determination to go to Laurel Hill with my regiment that night; but on going into the street

