
I have not ought it proper to give any detailed account of the march of our troops either before or after the action at Carrick's Ford.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel Commanding Twenty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

General H. R. JACKSON, Commanding Monterey Line.

Casualties in Twenty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers at battle of Carrick's ford: 13 killed; 15 wounded. Total, 28.

Casualties in Twenty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers at Laurel Hill; 2 killed; 2 wounded. Total, 4.

Numbers 30. Report of Major-General George B. McClellan of skirmish at Barboursville.

BEVERLY, VA., July 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

One of Cox's regiments, Second Kentucky, defeated and drove 600 of Wise's men out of Barboursville, Cabell County, on 16th.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 31. Report of Major-General George B. McClellan of action at Scarey Creek.

BEVERLY, July 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Cox checked on the Kanawha. Has fought something between a victory and a defeat. A wounded colonel of ours taken prisoner, and a possibility of having lost two colonels and a lieutenant-colonel, who amused themselves by a reconnaissance beyond the pickets. have ordered him to remain where he it, and will start as soon as possible to cut Wise's rear and relieve our credit. In Heaven's name give me some general officers who understand their profession. I give orders and find some who cannot execute them unless I stand by them. Unless I command every picket and lead every column I cannot be sure of success. Give me such men as Marcy, Stevenson, Sacket, Lander, &amp;c., and I will answer for it with my life that I meet with no disaster. Had my ordered been excused from beginning, our success would have been brief and final.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Numbers 32. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, of skirmish July 16, and of action at Scarey Creek.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., July 19, 1861.

GENERAL: This will be handed to you by Major C. B. Duffied, who takes to you the official report of a fight with the enemy and six pris-

