
and zeal of the good citizens of Baltimore and vicinity than upon any exhibition of force calculated to intimidate them into that obedience to the laws which the Government doubts not will be poind from inherent respect and love of order, the commanding general has brought to the city with him, of the many thousand troops in the immediate neighborhood, which might be at once concentrated here, scarcely more than an ordinary guard, and until it fails him, he will continue to rely upon that loyalty and patriotism of the citizens of Maryland which have never yet been found wanting to the Government in time of need. The general in command desires to greet and treat in this part of his department all the citizens thereof as friends and brothers, having a common purpose, a common loyalty, and a common country. Any infractions of the law by the troops under his command, or any disorderly, unsoldierlike conduct, or any interference with private property, he desires to have immediately reported to him, and pledges himself that if any soldier so far forgets himself as to break those laws that he has sworn to defend and enforce, he shall be most rigorously punished.

The general believes that if the suggestions and requests contained in this proclamation are faithfully carried out by the co-operation of all good and Union-loving citizens, and peace and quiet and certainty of future peace and quiet are thus restored, business will resume its accustomed channels, trade take the place of dullness and inactivity, efficient labor displace idleness, and Baltimore will be in fact, what she is entitled to be, in the front rank of the commercial cities of the nation.

Given at Baltimore the day and year herein first above written.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Annapolis.

E. C. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

MAY 14, 1861. - Seizure of railroad train at Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General B. F. Butler, Massachusetts Militia.

BALTIMORE, May 15, 1861 - 1.25 a. m.

I have just received the following telegram:

FREDERICK, May 14 - 11.10 p. m.

Danger is apprehended at the Monocacy Bridge to-night. An engine and cars were seized at Harper's Ferry at 2 o'clock to-day. Al connections west are cut off since 8 o'clock to-night. We are guarding the wires as far as our forces enable us. Please send us immediate relief. Answer quick as possible by telegraph.

EDWARD SHRIVER,

Brigadier-General.

What instructions have I upon this point, which is not within my department? Please answer immediately. Ross Winans is now in Annapolis under arrest.

B. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT.

