
Captain James B. Fry, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain O. H. Tillinghast, assistant quartermaster, who discharged alone the important and burdensome duties of his department with the Army, and who was mortally wounded whilst acting with the artillery,t o which he formerly belonged, and in which he was deeply interested.

Captain H. F. Clarke, Subsistence Department, chief of subsistence department.

Major Myer, Signal Officer, and Major Malcolm McDowell, who acted as aides.

Surg. W. S. King and Assistant Surgeon Magruder, Medical Department.

Major J. G. Barnard, Engineer, and senior of his department with the Army, who gave me most important aid.

First Lieutenant Fred E. Prime, Engineer.

Captain A. W. Whipple, First Lieutenant H. L. Abbot, and Second Lieutenant H. S. Putnam, Topographical Engineers.

Major W. F. Barry, Fifth Artillery, chief of artillery.

Lieutenant Geo. C. Strong, ordnance officer.

Major W. H. Wood, Seventeenth Infantry, acting inspector-general.

Second Lieutenant Guy V Henry, who joined me ont he field, ad was of service as an aide-de-camp.

The following officers commanded divisions and brigades, and int he several places their duty called them did most effective service and behaved in the most gallant manner:

Brigadier-General Tyler, Connecticut Volunteers.

Colonel David Hunter, Third Cavalry, severely wounded at the head of his division.

Colonel S. P. Heintzelman, Seventeenth Infantry, wounded int he arm while leading his division into action on the hill.

Brigadier-General Schenck, Ohio Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Colonel E. D. Keyes, Eleventh Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Colonel W. B Franklin, Twelfth Infantry, First Brigade, Third Division.

Colonel W. T. Sherman, Thirteenth Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

Colonel Andrew Porter, Sixteenth Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Colonel A. E. Burnside, Rhode Island Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Colonel O. B. Willcox, Michigan Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, who was wounded and taken prisoner whilst on the hill in the hottest of the fifth.

Colonel O. O. Howard, Maine Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division.

Colonel I. B. Richardson, Michigan Volunteers, commanding Fourth Brigade, First Division.

Colonel Blenker, New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Fifth Division.

Colonel Davies, New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division.

As my position may warrant, eve if it does not call for, some explanation of the causes, as far as they can be seen, which led to the results herein stated, I trust it may not be considered out of place if I refer, in a few words, to the immediate antecedents of the battle.

When I submitted to the General-in-Chief, in compliance with his

