
the preparations, reserving his fire until the enemy renewed the cannonade, I returned to Norfolk. At 5.30 o'clock the Monticello again opened fire from all her guns, and with much greater precision than on the preceding day. It was instantly returned, and with such effect that she was driven off and returned to Old Point. The engagement continued for an four and a half without intermission on either side, and, though the enemy's fire was well directed, one shell bursting within an embrasure and several others directly over the battery, while solid shot repeatedly passed through the embrasures and struck the crest and sides of the melons, hurling masses of earth from the outside among the gunners, I am happy to inform you that no casualty of moment occurred to the troops, nor was material injury done to the battery. What damage or loss was sustained by the enemy I was not able to discover, but his retreat indicated that our fire had become too warm for further endurance. As early as I received information of the second attack and repulse, I ordered forward more troops, and hastened, during the night, to Sewell's Point, to make such other dispositions as might be necessary to defend the post against any further and more formidable assaults which the enemy's large naval and military forces at Old Point would enable him to make.

I cannot close this brief account of the engagement without expressing my admiration of the enthusiasm and bravery manifested by the troops. Where officers and men splayed so much merit it old be invidious to discriminate, and I therefore refer you to the accompanying report of Captain Colquitt for further particulars. His position, as commanding officer of the post, gave him an opportunity of displaying the qualities which adorn the soldier, and the general appreciation of his gallantry and merit by those under his command enable me to commend him most warmly to your consideration.

In conclusion, I would state that, in consequence of the want of a Virginia of Confederate flag for the occasion, the flag of Georgia, belonging to Captain Colquitt's company, was planted on the ramparts during the engagement, and, while the hottest fire was prevailing, two members of his company, whose names I will forward you when reported to me as deserving particular notice, fearlessly passed to the outside of the battery, and deliberately removed the sand and other obstructions to the range of one of the guns while shot and shell were striking all about them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN.

Major-General LEE,

Commanding Forces of Virginia, Richmond, Va.

No. 2. Report of Captain Peyton H. Colquitt, Commanding at Sewell's Point.

SEWELL'S POINT, VA., May 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you an engagement this evening between the Confederate troops, consisting of the City Light Guards, Columbus, Ga.; Wood's Rifles, Captain Lamb; detachment of the Norfolk Juniors, under Lieutenant Holmes; detachment of Light Artillery Blues, under Lieutenant Nash, all under my command, and the steamer Monticello and Federal steam-tug, which lasted for one hour and a half,

