
said he had seen Lieutenant Hawkins, who told him the troops were retiring. He (Lieutenant McIntosh) went on, and met a member of General McDowell's staff (whose name he heard,but forgot), who informed him the Army were retiring, and expected to be at Arlington by daylight, if not cut off, and to tell me to get the wagons out of the road, so as not to embarrass them. He said he met some drovers with cattle hurrying back rapidly by your orders. I immediately ordered Mr. Burns to direct mr. Leech to start without delay for Alexandria with such wagons as were with him, and started off the train with me. Mr. Leech followed me at the distance of a few hundred yards. The entire train arrived safely in Alexandria, without the loss of a wagon, before 7.30 a. m. on the 22nd ultimo. A number of the wagons in the rear were stopped on the outskirts of the city and their contents taken. Also, after their arrival, I understand, a number were taken by troops of Colonel Davies' brigade, but of the command i have nothing definite. Colonel Davies' brigade, but of the command I have nothing definite. I know the provisions left the wagons after their return. I am confident all returned. As great disorder and confusion prevailed in Alexandria, I was apprehensive the wagons would be seized by the returning troops. I immediately proceeded to Washington and reported the fact to ten Subsistence Department, who very judiciously ordeed the entire train to Washington, with the cattle, which had also returned in safety. I am satisfied this movement alone saved the provisions from an unavoidable seizure.

Lieutenant-Colonel Moore and Lieutenant and Adjutant McIntosh, of the New Jersey Volunteers, assisted in every possible manner, and kindly volunteered for any duty I might assign them to. The officers kindly volunteered for any duty I might assign them to. The officers of Lieutenant-Colonel Moore's command wee also desirous of offering any aid in their power. Mr. Burns was invaluable to me as an assistant.

I have turned over all the stores in the train. The loss of hard bread was very heavy, from the inconvenience of transporting it and the breakage of the barrels.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. BELL,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, A. C. S.

Captain H. F. CLARKE, C. S.,

In charge of Subsistence of General McDowell's command.

Numbers 12. Report of Lieutenant James Curtis, Acting Commissary Subsistence, U. S. Army, of the subsistence of the Army from July 16 to 22.

ARLINGTON HOUSE, VA., August 1, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your order of the date of yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations in conducting subsistence stores to the army of General McDowell during its recent advance to Centreville and Bull Run:

On the 16th day of July a train of fifteen wagons from the Maine regiments, under charge of one Graves, wagon-master, reported to me at the storehouse of Lieutenant Grey, Second Artillery, A. C. S., near Fort Corcoran. These teams were in excellent order and under good management. These wagons I loaded with stores that day. Ont eh morning of the 17th July I received from Captain O. H. Tillinghast, A. Q. M., U. S. A., fifty more wagons. Of these I loaded forty-nine the same day,

