
in which nobody was hurt on our side. The enemy fired with great accuracy, several balls passing through the embrasures of the fort, one striking a 32-pounder within the battery, and one shell bursting in the fort. From three to five shots from our battery took effect, we think; others struck around the steamer. The troops acted with great bravery, and I had to restrain them in their enthusiasm. The flag of Georgia was hoisted over the fort in the absence of the Confederate flag. Out firing was less frequent that that of the enemy, as our ammunition was scarce; only two rounds left after the engagement. Your aides, Major William E. Taylor, R. R. Collier, and Colonel Thomas Newton, were present and aided in the struggle.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

PEYTON H. COLQUITT.

Major-General GWYNN, Commanding forces, Norfolk Harbor.

P. S. - Two members of the City Light Guards (Georgia) dug away the sand in front of one of the port-holes during the hottest of the fire.

MAY 23, 1861. - Demonstration upon Hampton, Va.

REPORTS.

No. 1. - Major J. B. Cary, Virginia Artillery.

No. 2. - Colonel John b. MAgruder, commanding Confederate forces.

No. 1. Report of Major J. B. Cary, Virginia Artillery.

HAMPTON, VA., May 23, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that quite a full regiment of the enemy,estimated, by count of companies, to contain eight hundred men, under command of Colonel Phelps, made a demonstration against t this place this afternoon, between 4 and 5 o'clock, which seemed at first to wear a very ugly aspect, but which, happily, resulted in no damage, save the alarm of our women na children and the excitement of our citizens.

I had nearly perfected my arrangements for the defense indicated in your instructions, by making preparations for the destruction of all the bridges leading across the main tributary of Back River as well as the Hampton Bridge. Unfortunately, the absence during the day of the party chosen for the firing of the latter, and the consequent failure to have the combustibles on the spot, delayed operations so far that the enemy were in sight before the fire could be started, though it would have made sufficient progress, I think, to have arrested their entrance into the town. At this stage, meeting with Lieutenant Cutshaw, at his suggestion I sent him forward as my aid to demand of the colonel the intent of his approach with so large a body of men, and being assured that he came with no hostile purpose, but simply, as he said, by order of General Butler, to reconnoiter, and having received the subsequent assurance from him in person that he would make no attack upon our people nor injure their property in any way unless he himself was molested, and coinciding in your view that defense at this point was useless and hopeless, I aided him in extinguishing the fire, and gave the

