
lieutenant in the Regular Army. Lieutenant Prime, Corps of Engineers, was continually in the performance of his every duty, and the medical staff were assiduous in their attendance upon the wounded.

I. B. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

DEPT. N. E. VIRGINIA, HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, August 11, 1861.

CAPTAIN: Permit me to correct an unintentional error that has crept into Brigadier-General McDowell's official report of the engagement of 21st July.

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell, given me in presence of Colonel Jackson, Eighteenth New York Volunteers, and of Captain Whipple, of the Engineer Corps, to conduct the retreat and to cover the retreat with my brigade, I did so cover the retreat from Centreville. I brought up the rear with my brigade in the following order: Twelfth New York leading, followed by First Massachusetts; the Third Michigan, taking up position, kept in the rear and followed by the Second Michigan. About one mile this side of Centreville we were obliged to halt on account of other regiments, and the Second Michigan then took the position of the Third Michigan, and thus marching in good order we reached Arlington about 4 o'clock on Monday, the 22nd, and went into camp, having moved in rear of all other regiments and batteries. At Fairfax we were so far in rear that no troops [of our own forces] were in sight. Will you do my brigade the credit of this correction?

Truly,

I. B. RICHARDSON, Colonel,

By LARNED, Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Arlington.

No. 29. Report of Bvt. Major Henry J. Hunt, Second U. S. Artillery.

LIGHT BATTERY M, SECOND ARTILLERY, Camp near Fort Albany, July 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of my battery on the 21st instant.

The company arrived at New York on the 12th instant from Fort Pickens, Fla., with its battery, but without horses. A large portion of the men were recruits, and no opportunity for instruction as field artillery had been afforded them. The company reached Washington by rail on Sunday, 14th, and on Wednesday evening the battery, which came by sea, was received at the arsenal. Necessary repairs and refitting were at once commenced, ammunition and other stores drawn and packed, horses procured, and on Friday, the 19th, we marched from works at Blackburn's Ford, a distance of twenty-eight miles. Saturday was devoted to instructing the recruits, shoeing horses, &amp;c., and on that evening Lieutenant Platt's section was detached to join the advanced

