
Lieutenant Ames, of the same battery, who, after being wounded, gallantly served with it in action, and being unable to ride on horse-back, was helped on and off a caisson in changes of position.

Captain Tillinghast, A. Q. M., who was ever present where his services were needed, carrying orders, rallying troops, and serving with the batteries, and finally, I have to state with the deepest sorrow, was mortally wounded.

Major Sykes and the officers of his command, three of whom [Lieutenants Latimer, Dickinson, and Kent] were wounded, who by their discipline, steadiness, and heroic fortitude, gave eclat to our attacks upon the enemy, and averted the dangers of a final overthrow.

Major Palmer and the cavalry officers under him, who by their daring intrepidity made the effectiveness of that corps all that it could be upon such a field in supporting batteries, feeling the enemy's position, and covering our retreat.

Major Reynolds, marines, whose zealous efforts were well sustained by his subordinates, two of whom, Brevet Major Zeilin and Lieutenant Hale, were wounded, and one, Lieutenant Hitchcock, lost his life.

Colonel H. W. Slocum, who was wounded while leading his gallant Twenty-seventh New York to the charge, and Major J. J. Bartlett, who subsequently commanded it, and by his enthusiasm and valor kept it in action and out of the panic. His conduct was imitated by his subordinates, of whom two, Captain H. C. Rodgers and Lieutenant H. C. Jackson, were wounded, and one, Ensign Asa Park, was killed.

In the last attack Colonel A. M. Wood, of the Fourteenth New York State Militia, was wounded, together with Capts. R. B. Jordan and C. F. Baldwin, and Lieuts. J. A. Jones, T. R. Salter, R. A. Goodenough, and C. Scholes, and Adjutant Laidlaw.

The officers of the Fourteenth, especially Major James Jourdan, were distinguished by their display of spirit and efficiency throughout the action.

Surg. Charles C. Keeneey, of the medical department, who by his professional skill, promptitude, and cheerfulness made the condition of the wounded of the Second Division comparatively comfortable. [He was assisted to a great extent by Dr. Rouch, of Chicago, a citizen.]

During the entire engagement I received extremely valuable aid and assistance from my aides-de-camp, Lieuts. C. F. Trowbridge and F. M. Bache, both of the Sixteenth Infantry.

Lieutenant J. B. Howard, Fourteenth New York State Militia, A. A. Q. M. for the brigade, who by zealous attention to his duties succeeded in safely bringing the wagons of my brigade to Arlington.

The staff officers of the Second Division commander, viz, Captain W. D. Whipple, Lieutenants Cross and Flagler, served with me after the fall of Colonel Hunter, and I am indebted to them for gallant, faithful services during the day. Captain Whipple had his horse killed under him by a cannon ball.

Acting Asst. Adjt. General Lieutenant W. W. Averell sustained the high reputation he had before won for himself as a brave and skillful officer, and to him I am very greatly indebted for aid and assistance, not only in performing with the greatest promptitude the duties of his position, but by exposing himself most fearlessly in rallying and leading forward the troops, he contributed largely to their general effectiveness against the enemy. I desire to call the attention of the commanding general particularly to him.

In conclusion, I beg leave to submit the inclosed return of killed, wounded, and missing in my brigade.* Since the above reports were

---------------

*See division return following.

---------------

