
pointed out, and I was directed to afford the necessary support. In taking this position the battalion was exposed to a galling fire. Whilst holding it General McDowell ordered the battalion to cover or support the Fourteenth New York Regiment, which was about to be engaged. The battalion, in consequence, took the position indicated by the general, but was unable to hold it, owing to the heavy fire which was opened upon them. They broke three several times, but as frequently formed, and urged back to their position, where finally a general rout took place, in which the marines participated. No effort on the part of their officers could induce them to rally.

I am constrained to call your attention to the fact that, when taking into consideration the command was composed entirely of recruits- not one being in service over three weeks, and many had hardly learned their facings, the officers likewise being but a short time in the service-their conduct was such as to elicit only the highest commendation.

Of the three hundred and fifty officers and enlisted men under my command, there were but two staff officers, two captains, one first lieutenant, and nine non-commissioned officers and two musicians who were experienced from length of service. The remainder were, of course, raw recruits, which being considered, I am happy to report the good conduct of officers and men. The officers, although but little experienced, were zealous in their efforts to carry out my orders.

In the death of Lieutenant Hitchcock the corps has been deprived of a valuable acquisition. On the field he was ever present and zealous. He sought and won the approbation of his commanding and brother officers.

Inclosed please find a return of the battalion, showing its present strength, with casualties, &amp;c.*.

The abrupt and hasty retreat from the field of battle presents a deplorable deficiency in both arms and equipments.

The rout being of such a general character, the men of all arms commingled, the only alternative left was to hasten to the ground occupied by the brigade to which we were attached on the morning of the day of the battle. On my way thither I had thee good fortune to fall in with General Meigs, whose consternation at the disastrous retreat was depicted upon his countenance. He was of the opinion the Army should hasten to Arlington, fearing otherwise the enemy would follow up their successes and cut us off on the road. My men being weary and much exhausted, without blankets and other necessaries, I determined to strengthen such as should pass the wagons by hot coffee, and move on to headquarters at Washington City, where their wants could be supplied. But few came up; others continued on to the Long Bridge, where, on my arrival, I found some seventy or more, who, at my urgent solicitation, were permitted to accompany me to the barracks.

In assuming the responsibility of the return to headquarters, I trust my course will meet the approbation of authority.

Blankets were thrown aside by my order on entering the field, which from force of circumstances we were afterwards unable to recover.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. GEO. REYNOLDS,

Major, Commanding Battalion Marines.

Captain W. W. AVERELL,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade, Second Division, Arlington.

---------------

*Embodied in division return, p.387.

---------------

