
until a general retreat was ordered. The regiment then passed on to the top of the hill, where it was joined by the remainder of the brigade, and formed into column was about emerging from the woods and entering upon the Warrenton turnpike, when the artillery and the cavalry went to the front, and the enemy opened fire upon the retreating mass of men. Upon the bridge crossing Cub Run a shot took effect upon the horses of a team that was crossing. The wagon was overturned directly in the center of the bridge, and the passage was completely obstructed. The enemy continued to play his artillery upon the train, carriages, ambulances, and artillery wagons that filled the road, and these were reduced to ruin. The artillery could not possibly pass, and five pieces of the Rhode Island Battery, which had been safely brought off the field, were here lost. Captain Reynolds is deserving of praise for the skill with which he saved the lives of his men. The infantry, as the files reached the bridge, were furiously pelted with a shower of grape and other shot, and several persons were here killed or dangerously wounded. As was to be expected, the whole column was thrown into confusion, and could not be rallied again for a distance of two or three miles. The brigade reached Centreville at 9 o'clock p.m., and entered into the several camps that had been occupied the night before, where the brigade rested until 10 o'clock, when, in pursuance to orders from the general commanding, the retreat was continued. The column reached Washington about 9 a.m. Monday morning, when the several regiments composing the brigade repaired to their respective encampments.

In the movements of my brigade upon this unfortunate expedition I was greatly assisted and advised by his excellency Governor Sprague, who took an active part in the conflict, and who was especially effective in the direction and arrangement of the battery of light artillery attached to the Second Rhode Island Volunteers. It would be invidious to mention officers of the different corps who distinguished themselves upon the field for coolness and bravery. Where all performed their duty so well, I cannot feel justified in specifying particular instances of fidelity. The officers and men were prompt, steady, and brave, and performed the several parts assigned to them in the most gallant manner.

Our loss has been very severe. The Second Regiment particularly suffered greatly. The death of Colonel Slocum is a loss not only to his own State, which mourns the death of a most gallant and meritorious officer, who would have done credit to the service, while his prominent abilities as a soldier would have raised him high in the public estimation. He had served with me as major of the First Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, and when he was transferred to a more responsible position I was glad that his services had been thus secured for the benefit of his country. His associate, Major Ballou, of the same regiment, was deserving of the highest commendation as a brave soldier and a true man.

Captain Tower, of the Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, received his death wound at the very commencement of the battle. He was young, a brave and promising officer, who is deeply lamented by his comrades and friends. Captain Smith, of the Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, was known among us for his many good qualities of

