
fested by Colonel Martin and his entire regiment, Seventy-first, both on the field and during the retreat. Colonel Marston, of the Second New Hampshire, was badly wounded in the shoulder, but, notwithstanding, he remained in the saddle under fire after his wound was dressed, his horse being led by his orderly. The regiment under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Fiske conducted itself most gallantly. Both officers and men deserve great praise.

Of the two Rhode Island regiments I have already spoken more fully, but cannot close this without again attesting to the admirable conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Wheaton, of the Second Regiment, and Majors Balch and Goddard, of the First, with the staff and company officers and men of both regiments. No troops could have behaved better under fire.

By an omission in copying my first report the name of Captain William L. Bowers, quartermaster First Rhode Island Regiment, who is reported missing, was not mentioned. He was a brave and efficient officer, whom I could ill afford to lose. I have good reason to hope that he is alive in the hands of the enemy, and well cared for. Since my original report I have learned that some others of our missing are in Richmond; among them Lieutenant Knight and Dr. Harris, of the First Rhode Island Regiment.

I beg to supply an important omission in my first report, by attesting to the courage and efficiency of my personal staff, Chaplain Woodbury, of the First Rhode Island Regiment, A. A. A. G., and Lieutenant Beaumont, U. S. Cavalry, aide-de-camp, who were all active in their assistance on the field. Lieutenant Beaumont being in the regular service, I beg to recommend him to the notice of the commanding general as a most gallant and deserving young officer. Captain Curson, Seventy-first New York division quartermaster, and Captain Goodhue, Second New Hampshire, division commissary, rendered most efficient service in their departments. Captain Reynolds' battery did such good service in so many parts of the field that it has a place in several reports, which renders it unnecessary for me to make further mention of it.

I have the honor to be, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Colonel ANDREW PORTER, U. S. A.,

Commanding Second Division.

No. 40. Report of Major Joseph P. Balch, First Rhode Island Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT R. I. VOLUNTEERS, Camp Sprague, Washington, D. C., July 23, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the casualties of this regiment, the result of the battle near Bull Run, Va., 21st instant: 13 killed; 39 wounded; 30 missing; total amount of loss, 78. We mourn the loss, among the first killed, of Lieutenant Henry A. Prescott, Company D, a brave soldier, an accomplished officer, a gentle and pious man. Among the missing, of Captain William L. Bowers, quartermaster, and Lieutenant Sylvester R. Knight, Company D, probably both prisoners, as they were uninjured when last seen, subsequent to the action.

