
Notwithstanding a fatiguing march of seven to eight hours, we maintained the position assigned us, and the general commanding conceded to Rhode Island, upon the field, the honor of not only frustrating the attempts of a vastly superior force to outflank our left, but driving back in confusion their right flank.

In the retreat resulting from the turning of the right flank of our Army by the enemy, the regiment was brought off in good order, with the brigade to which it was attached, without further serious casualty other than the excessive fatigue arising from and natural to a march of some forty miles in fifteen to sixteen hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. P. BALCH,

Major, Commanding First Regiment Rhode Island Vols.

Lieutenant C. H. MERRIMAN,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Second Division.

No. 41. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Wheaton, Second Rhode Island Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT R. I. VOLUNTEERS, Camp Clark, Washington, D. C., July 23, 1861.

SIR: In conformity with paragraph No. 723, Army Regulations, I have the honor to submit through you to the brigadier-general commanding the following report of the killed, wounded, and missing in the Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers in the late battle with the secession forces near Bull Run, Va. A more detailed report, giving the names of all killed, &amp;c., is now being prepared, and will be submitted at the earliest possible moment.

It is my mournful duty to record as amongst the first killed, as he was first in the fight, our gallant colonel, John S. Slocum, who was three times wounded, and left in a dying condition. Major Sullivan Ballou, while bravely assisting in changing the position of our center, was struck from his horse by a ball from a rifled cannon, and also left unconscious and dying.

The total loss of my command is 114 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the killed are Colonel Slocum, Major Ballou, Captain Levi Tower, commanding Company F, Captain Samuel James Smith, commanding Company I. Among the wounded are Lieutenant Stephen T. Arnold, temporarily commanding Company B, and Second Lieutenant Henry c. Cook, Company I. The total number killed, wounded, and missing is 114; total number killed, 28; total number wounded, 56; total number missing, 30. A carefully corrected list of the names in full of all who are among the above will accompany my detailed report of the operations of the Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers in the battle of the 21st instant, as also a list of arms, &c., destroyed or lost in action.

Thanking you for the compliment bestowed us on the field, and for having assigned us the advance on our way to meet the enemy and the lead in the fight and the rear in the retreat, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANK WHEATON,

Captain, U. S. Army, Lieutenant Colonel Second Rhode Island Vols.

Lieutenant BEAUMONT,

First Cavalry, U. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp, &c.

