
me, and had with him men well acquainted with the country. The morning was beautiful moonlight. At the forks of the road, where Fort Runyon has since been built, I turned the Twenty-fifth New York, Colonel Bryan, to the right.

I gave directions to Captain Owen to lead Colonel Butterfield's regiment as far as the Four-Mile Run, and it to take post on the right of the road, and then to conduct Colonel Willcox, with the First Michigan to Alexandria, there to unite with the First New York Zouaves, Colonel Ellsworth, and occupy Alexandria. this was done without opposition, capturing on the town a few rebel cavalry. Some 700 rebel infantry in the town had received notice of the approach of the troops, and were ready to take the cars. They escaped on the Orange and Alexandria Railway, burning the bridges behind them. Our troops pursued a short distance, also burning such bridges as they had spared.

Captain H. G. Wright, U. S. Engineers, accompanied me. We advanced with the Twenty-fifth New York on the Columbia turnpike, and took post between Roach's and Dr. Antisell's, where Fort Albany now stands. Captain Brackett's company of cavalry was posted a short distance in the advance on the turnpike. The movement was made so quietly, tht the troops had stacked arms an hour before the inhabitants were aware that we had crossed the river.

As far as I can learn, there were only a few men located at the Virginia end of the Long Bridge. The horses of two of them we captured to the right of the Arlington road where it leaves the Columbia turnpike, and a few hours later the men fell into our lines, and a few hours later the men fell into our lines, and were also captured. Communication was immediately made to the right with Captain Wood and to the left with Colonel Willcox.

Thus was commenced the first operation against the rebels in front of Washington.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Volunteers.

General L. THOMAS, Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington.

No. 3. Report of Colonel O. B. Willcox, First Michigan Infantry.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., May 24, 1861 - 5 1/2 a. m.

Alexandria is ours. One company, Captain Ball, mounted, thirty-five men and thirty-five horses [captured]. I regret to say Colonel willsworth has been shot by a person in a horse.

Yours,

O. B. WILLCOX.

General MANSFIELD.

I understand there are troops of the enemy at junction.

No. 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel N. L. Farnham, First Zouaves, New York Militia.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., May 24, 1861 - 5.18 p. m.

SIR: It is my painful duty to inform you that Colonel Ellsworth, late commanding officer of the First Zouave Regiment, New York Militia,

