
from the enemy. Having myself been in command of the Thirty-eighth Regiment (Scott Life Guard) New York State Volunteers during the action, I am unable to speak as particularly as could be desired of other regiments of the brigade from personal observation, and respectfully refer you to their respective reports. The report of killed and wounded furnish sufficient evidence of their fidelity and courage. But of the field officers of the Fire Zouaves I can speak in terms of unqualified praise. Colonel Farnham, Lieutenant-Colonel Cregier, and Major Leoser were incessant in their exertions in rallying and encouraging their men. The officers and men of the First Michigan nobly discharged their duty country, and well may their State feel proud of her defenders. The officers and men of the Thirty-eighth being under my own supervision, I can only corroborate the report rendered by Lieutenant-Colonel Farnsworth. Where all acted so well it would appear invidious to make comparisons; but in the case of Lieutenant-Colonel Farnsworth, Thirty-eighth Regiment. I cannot find words to express my admiration of his conduct. He was confined to a sick bed for several days previous to the engagement and arrived on the scene of action in an ambulance; and the fact of his rising from a sick bed and entering the field with his regiment, and his courage and coolness during the day, entitle to the highest commendation.

In conclusion, I most respectfully submit that the duty of making this report devolving upon me at so late a day - intelligence of the absence of Colonel Willcox not having reached me until the day after the battle - renders it impossible to give a more detailed statement.

My duty as commander of the brigade being ended with this report, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Colonel Thirty-eighth N. Y. V., Second Brigadier, Third Div.

Colonel W. B. FRANKLIN, Commanding Third Division.

No. 48. Report of Major Alonzo F. Bidwell, First Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Washington City, July 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the First Regiment Michigan Infantry, on the 21st instant, at the battle of Bull Run:

At 2.30 o'clock of that morning the regiment left its bivouac, and was in position, with the other regiments of Colonel Willcox's brigade, prepared for the advance. At 6 o'clock the forward movement commenced, and about 12 o'clock noon, after a long, rapid march over roads thick with dust, and where but a scant supply of water could be obtained, the regiment was halted with the brigade in a field to the right of the road leading from Centreville, and on the right of the enemy's entrenchments. After a brief rest, the regiment, together with Arnold's battery, moved across the road and took position in a wheat-field, the other regiments composing the brigade having moved towards the battle-field. But a short time elapsed when the regiment was ordered forward, and at a double-quick was hastened to the scene of action to support the Fire

