
and about half a mile distant, to the support of Griffin's battery, which was then prepared to take up a position at that point. This order was promptly executed, the men, led by yourself and encouraged by the gallantry of their officers, moving forward in gallant style in double-quick time, subjected a greater portion of the way to a terrible and deadly fire of grape and canister and round shot from the enemy's works on our front and right flank. Arriving at the brow of the eminence in advance of the battery which it was intended to support the regiment was halted, and commenced, in fact, the attack of Colonel Heintzelman's division on the right flank of the enemy, engaging a large force of his infantry, and by a well-directed fire completely routing an entire regiment that was advancing in good order and driving it into a dense woods in the distance.

After remaining in this position for some time, finding that the enemy's artillery was telling with fearful effect upon our ranks, subjected as we were to a direct and flank fire from his batteries, the regiment was ordered to retire down a slight declivity, which was done in good order, affording it for a time partial protection from the enemy's fire.

At this time Griffin's battery was moving to a position on our right, and the regiment was ordered by Colonel Heintzelman, in person, to advance to its protection. Advancing by the flank under a galling fire, the regiment was halted within supporting distance of Griffin's battery, which had now opened upon the enemy, and properly formed to resist a threatened attack from the enemy's cavalry and infantry, which had shown themselves in large numbers on the borders of a grove to the right and front. In this position my regiment, under a spiteful and destructive fire from the enemy's batteries, remained until forced to retire, and its presence not being deemed requisite because of the fact that Griffin's battery had been compelled to leave the field. Retiring to a road about one hundred yards distant, my regiment was again formed in line of battle, and under the eye of the commander-in-chief, General McDowell, the men, inspired by his presence upon the field and led by yourself, it dashed gallantly up the hill towards a point where Rickett's battery had been abandoned, in consequence of its support, the First Fire Zouaves and First Michigan Regiment, having previously been compelled to retreat in the face of superior numbers and a great loss in their ranks.

Before arriving at the brow of the hill we met the enemy in large force; one of his infantry regiments, apparently fresh upon the field, advancing steadily towards us in line of battle. A large number of the men of this regiment had advanced in front of their line, and had taken possession of Rickett's battery, and were endeavoring to turn the guns upon us. A well-directed and destructive fire was immediately opened upon the enemy by my regiment and a portion of another that had rallied on our left (I think the Fourteenth New York State Militia), and after a sharp conflict he was forced to retreat in disorder and with great loss, seeking shelter in the woods from whence he had previously emerged.

The enemy not succeeding in taking with him Ricketts' battery, which seemed to have been the chief object of his attack, it fell into the hands of my regiment, by whom three of its guns were dragged a distance of three hundred yards, and left in a road, apparently out of the reach of the enemy. Another rally was then again made by my regiment, the gallant men readily responding to the order of their

