
and the batteries were brought into position so as to rake the ravine. When the batteries opened their fire the enemy were thrown into confusion and disorder, but rallied in a moment and poured in three or four volleys, which passed over our heads.

During the operations of the day, it is but just to add that the Thirty-first Regiment, under Colonel Pratt, was stationed on our left, and acted in conjunction with our regiment with coolness and bravery. The Sixteenth Regiment was the last to quit the field, and retired in good order, falling back on the heights of Centreville. During the night of the 21st, in obedience to orders, the regiment, in connection wit the entire force, fell back to Fairfax Court-House, and on the succeeding day returned to its camp near Alexandria.

SAMUEL MARSH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Regiment.

R. P. WILSON,

Acting Adjutant.

Colonel THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division.

No. 60. Report of Colonel Calvin E. Pratt, Thirty-first New York Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT N. Y. VOLS., Camp near Alexandria, Va.,July 22, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with paragraph 723 of General Regulation for the U. S. Army, I have the honor to report the operations of my regiment during the engagement of yesterday.

In obedience to your order, the regiment was ready to march from camp near Centreville at 2.30 a.m. While proceeding to the field I was detached from my regiment and ordered to take command of the Sixteenth and Thirty-second Regiment New York Volunteers, to support Lieutenant Platt's battery. I turned over the command of the Thirty-first Regiment to Lieutenant Colonel William H. Browne, and took command as directed; made a reconnaissance in company with Colonel Matheson, of the Thirty-second, Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, of the Sixteenth, and Lieutenant Platt, of the artillery, and placed said regiments in proper position. I afterwards threw out as skirmishers of the Thirty-second a company under Captain Chalmers, and a platoon under Lieutenant

-----

, of the Sixteenth, and sent them about a mile to the front and left of our position, to guard a road leading from the enemy's right to our left and rear. In about one hour I was ordered by Colonel Dixon S. Miles, the division commander, to proceed with the two regiments and the battery to the front, where I was relieved from command of them and resumed charge of my own regiment. Soon afterwards, by direction of Colonel Miles, I proceeded to the extreme left of our division and supported Major Hunt's battery. Having thrown out Captain Heiss with his company as skirmishers in the defiles about a quarter of a mile on our left, I rested the remainder of my regiment on the skirt of a wood in rear of the artillery.

About the same time Lieutenant-Colonel Browne, with two companies, was detailed by me to reconnoiter a ravine and wood where it was suspected the enemy was concealed. After deploying and penetrating the ravine to a considerable distance, all at once a smart fire of rifles was opened upon him from a force concealed in the thick timber. He returned the fire and continued skirmishing, assisted by a detachment of

