
Massachusetts Volunteers, until his men were safely covered. The desired effect of compelling our adversaries to discover themselves having thus been attained, Richardson's battery opened upon them a destructive fire of case-shot and shell. The skirmishers were recalled, and Lieutenant-Colonel Browne reported having discovered a masked battery and a force of at least a thousand men.

Soon afterwards it was discovered that a force of infantry and cavalry, variously estimated at from 2,500 to 4,000 men, were marching on our left through the woods and defile to turn our flank.

Pursuant to your order, the line of battle was changed to our left flank, and four companies were detached from my regiment, and thrown into the left and rear as skirmishers, under command of Frank Jones, acting major, who held the enemy in check. He received a fire of five volleys of rifles, and retired from the wood, but they did not succeed in drawing our fire, which was reserved for the advance to take our batteries.

At about 6.30 p.m. the order was received to retire upon Centreville. My regiment remained to allow the battery to precede us, being the last except the Sixteenth to quit a field that had successfully been held against tremendous odds.

I deem it to be a duty to give the names of the officers of my regiment who were engaged in the battle, and to whose coolness and judgment I am indebted for the success that attended my regiment:

Lieutenant Colonel William H. Brown; Acting Major Frank Jones; Acting Adjutant Edward Frossard; Volunteer Aides A. L. Washburn and Frank Hamilton, jr.; Major Frank H. Hamilton, M. D., surgeon; Lucien Damainville, M. D., assistant surgeon; George Marvin, acting assistant surgeon; Edward A. Brown, acting assistant surgeon.

Company A - Captain J. J. S. Hassler, First Lieutenant Robert R. Daniel, Acting Second Lieutenant W. W. Smith.

Company B - Captain L. C. Newman, First Lieutenant D. E. Smith, Second Lieutenant Eugene Frossard.

Company C - Captain Alex., Raszewski, First Lieutenant Louis Domanski.

Company D - Captain M. O. McGarry, First Lieutenant J. H. Bradley, Second Lieutenant R. L. Knight.

Company E - Captain August Heiss, First Lieutenant C. E. Klein, Second Lieutenant H. Schickhardt.

Company F - First Lieutenant F. Pross, Second Lieutenant Louis H. Brown.

Company G - First Lieutenant Oliver J. Rogers, Second Lieutenant W. D. Prentiss.

Company H - Captain David Lamb, First Lieutenant Asa B. Gardner.

Company I - Captain John A. Rue, Chaplain S. W. Waldron (acting first lieutenant), Second Lieutenant Hamilton Hair.

Company K - Captain John H. Watts, First Lieutenant William Maitland, Second Lieutenant F. E. Waldron.

Among those not soldiers who rendered effective and gallant service among the skirmishers was John M. Pierce, who with his rifle killed a field officer and one soldier of the advancing foe.

To conclude, the non-commissioned officer and soldier of my command behaved with such gallantry that it were invidious to make distinctions until the time for promotion shall actually have arrived.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALVIN E. PRATT,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-first New York Volunteers.

Colonel THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division, Army N. E. Va.

