
men in the woods immediately in their front. At daybreak the column reached Bull Run. I left two companies, K, Captain McLeod, and D, Captain Miller, on the north side of the run, to picket the Centreville road until the rear guard should come in, and, crossing at Mitchell's Ford, I was ordered into position on the extreme left, my right resting on Colonel Williams' Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and my left extending to the distance of one mile above the ford. The regiment still occupying this position, Colonel Cash appeared in the lines early on Thursday and resumed command.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. W. HENAGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth S. C. Volunteers.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel E. B. C. Cash, Eighth South Carolina Infantry, of operations July 18 and 19.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Camp Victory, July 31, 1861.

In obedience to orders from the general commanding the First Brigade, Army of the Potomac I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers during the 18th, 19th, and 20th July instant:

Having sufficiently recovered from a serious attack of sickness I assumed command of my regiment on the morning of the 18th, and found it posted on the south side of Bull Run, on the extreme left, my right resting on the left of Colonel Williams' Third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. On the 18th there was heavy cannonading to the right of my position, and occasionally balls and shells were thrown very near my lines. On the 19th and 20th my position was strongly fortified by voluntary labor from my regiment. On the 19th Colonel Kershaw's regiment was posted upon my left, and with it Captain Kemper's battery of light artillery.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. B. C. CASH,

Colonel Eighth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM.

Numbers 72. Report of Colonel R. C. W. Radford, Thirtieth Virginia Cavalry, of operations of Cavalry Brigade, July 17 to 20.

CAMP GREGG, VIENNA, July 27, 1861.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with special order dated headquarters First Brigade, Camp Beauregard, Army of Potomac, July 23, 1861, I have the honor to report that at early dawn on the 17th instant I was informed of the approach of the enemy on Fairfax Court-House. Captain Ball's company was sent out to watch their movements, and remained out until the main body of our forces had taken up the line of retreat, in

