
on Thursday, July 18, I have the honor to report that during the night of the 16th of July I was informed by letters that my batteries might be required on the following day, to be distributed according to the following order:

Distribution of Major Battalion, July 15, 1861.

Second Brigade, General Ewell, in advance of Union Ford, two 12-pounder howitzers, two rifled guns; Third Brigade, General Jones, at McLean's Ford, one 6-pounder howitzer; Fourth Brigade, General Longstreet, at Blackburn's Ford, two 6-pounders; Fifth Brigade, Colonel Early, at or near Union Mills Ford, one 12-pounder howitzer, one rifled gun; position of Union Ford, one 6-pounder; total number of pieces, 11.

THOS. JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Subsequently, on the morning of the 17th of July, I was instructed, through Captain Ferguson, your aide-de-camp, to send immediately, via Camp Walker to the farm house on the hill just this side of the encampment of the company then holding Union Mills Ford, the pieces of my battalion designated for the brigades of Ewell and Early and the one for the defense of said ford, and entre into communication with General Ewell and Colonel Early and await their orders. The other parts of my battalion, and my command it was ordered should take post at or near McLean's farm, and await orders. In obedience to these instructions I at once, upon receipt of the last orders, moved my whole command to the positions indicated, and reported to the officers of the brigades respectively. A battery of four guns, two 12-pounder howitzers and two rifled guns, under command of Lieutenants Rosser, Lewis, and Slocomb, were sent to Union Mills Ford, and reported to General Ewell. A section of a battery-one rifled 6-pounder and one 12-pounder howitzer-under Lieutenant Squires, commanding, and Lieutenant Richardson reported to Colonel Early near Union Mills Ford. The other parts of my battalion, 6-pounder guns and one 12-pounder howitzer, under my immediate command, took position on McLean's farm, commanding McLean's Ford, there awaiting your further orders. About 6 o'clock p.m. 17th ultimo I received from yourself in person orders to go at an early hour in the morning to Union Mills Ford with one 12-pounder howitzer in addition to the battery I had previously ordered to that position upon the road.

Whilst crossing Camp Walker I encountered Colonel Early, in command of his brigade, who communicated to me an order to exchange two rifled guns of Rosser's battery for two howitzers, one of Squires' section and one I was conducting to Union Mills Ford, which was promptly accomplished. The distribution of the batteries and command then was as follows:

Four 12-pounder howitzers, Lieutenant Rosser, Union Mills Ford; three 6-pounder rifled guns, Lieutenant Squires, with Colonel Early's brigade; two 6-pounders, under Lieutenant Whittington and Lieutenant Squires, with Colonel Early's brigade; two 6-pounders, under Lieutenant Whittington and Lieutenant Adam, at McLean's farm house; two 6-pounders, under Lieutenant Garnett, at Blackburn's Ford; two 6-pounders, under Captain Miller, at McLean's Ford.

Subsequently the two 6-pounders of Lieutenant Garnett and the two of Lieutenant Whittington were joined with the three rifled guns of Lieutenant Squires, making his command seven guns, which were all of the battalion of the Washington Artillery actually engaged in the action of the 18th ultimo. The two guns under Captain Miller, with

