
[Inclosure No. 2.]

Instructions to Colonel J. Irvine, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

Colonel IRVINE,

Sixteenth Regiment O. V. M., Bellaire:

Colonel Kelley is ordered to occupy the bridges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad as far towards Fairmont as can be done with safety. You will cross the river, and support the movement with your entire command. Leave a detachment to guard the bridge over the Ohio and secure Wheeling. Advance the rest of your command at least as far as Fish Creek. Render all assistance in preserving the bridges. I do not except you to be driven back. Support will soon reach you if necessary. Preserve the strictest discipline. Take one week's rations. See that the rights and property of the people are respected, and repress all attempts at negro insurrection.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

Colonel IRVINE,

Commanding Sixteenth Regiment O. V. M., Bellaire:

COLONEL: I have to-night telegraphed you to cross to Wheeling with your command and support a forward movement to be made by Colonel Kelley. As Colonel K. has been mustered into the United States service, you will please report to him with your regiment for duty, and follow his instructions. I am sure, colonel, that I can rely upon your giving your full and cordial support to this advance, and that the reputation of the Ohio troops will lose nothing in your hands. Please be careful to preserve the most rigid discipline, and do all in your power to strengthen the Union sentiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

Instructions to Colonel J. B. Steedman, Fourteenth Regiment Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 26, 1861.

Colonel STEEDMAN,

Commanding Fourteenth Regiment, Marietta:

You will on receipt of this cross the river and occupy Parkersburg. The Eighteenth [Ohio] Regiment at Athens is ordered to report to you. You will at once move forward by rail towards Grafton, as far as can be done with prudence, leaving sufficient guards at parkersburg and the bridges as you advance. Avail yourself of the assistance of the armed Union men. Preserve the strictest discipline, and do all in your power to conciliate. If you have to fight, remember that the honor to Ohio is in your hands. Communicate fully. See that the rebels receive no information by telegraph. Take one week's rations. See that the

