
I encamped that night on Sudley farm, where was a large church, used as a hospital by the enemy, containing about 300 wounded, the majority mortally.

I cannot speak in too high praise of those whom I had the honor to command on the field, but to Mr. L. T. Brian, and Mr. P. W. Hairston and J. F. Brown, having no commissions, whose meritorious conduct and worth have been made the subject of previous letters to the general, I was specially indebted for valuable assistance.

Of my regiment the acting chaplain, Rev. Mr. Ball, was conspicuously useful, while my attention was particularly attracted to the adjutant, Lieutenant W. W. Blackford; the sergeant-major, Philip H. Powers, and Lieutenant Cummings, whose good conduct on this as on every other occasion deserves high commendation. Lieutenant Beckham deserves high praise for the success of his battery, as he acted as gunner to each piece himself. In the pursuit Lieutenant William Taylor alone captured six of the enemy with arms in their hands. A large number of arms, quantities of clothing and hospital stores, and means of transportation were found abandoned on the road.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Colonel First Virginia Cavalry.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.

Numbers 84. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, and resulting correspondence.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Court-House, October 14, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit by my aide, Lieutenant S. W. Ferguson, the report of the battle of Manassas, with the accompanying papers and drawings,* as well as the flags and colors captured from the enemy on that occasion. Occupations of the gravest character have prevented their earlier transmission. I send as a guard of said colors two of the soldiers who participated in their capture.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.
HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Manassas, August 26 [October 14], 1861.

GENERAL: Before entering upon a narration of the general military operations in the presence of the enemy on the 21st of July, I propose, I hope not unseasonably, first to recite certain events which belong to the strategy of the campaign, and consequently form an essential part of the history of the battle.

Having become satisfied that the advance of the enemy, with a de-

---------------

*Drawings not found.

---------------

