
retreated. I cannot commend too highly the prudence and energy displayed by Colonel Kelley in this movement. He has in every instance carried out his instructions, and has displayed very high military qualities. I beg to recommend to the General that he may be made a brigadier-general of the Virginia Volunteers.

It is a source of very great satisfaction to me that we have occupied Grafton without the sacrifice of a single life. Colonel Steedman's advance from Parkersburg has not been so prompt as that of Colonel Kelley. He has met with many difficulties on his route.

I am happy to say that the movement has caused a very great increase of the Union feeling. I am now organizing a movement on the valley of the Great Kanawha; will go there in person, and endeavor to capture the occupants of the secession camp at Buffalo, then occupy the Gauley Bridge, and return in time do direct such movements on Kentucky and Tennessee as may become necessary.

I will make a more detailed report when I receive Colonel Kelley's full report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, A. A. G.

No. 2. Reports of Colonel C. Q. Tompkins, Commanding Confederate forces in the Kanawha Valley.

STAUTON, VA., May 29, 1861.

Troops are rapidly gathering along the Ohio border, several hundred at Gallipolis, and a large camp at Oak Hill. David Kirkpatrick, bearer of above to Staunton, will be in Richmond to-morrow, with letters from Colonel Tompkins.

C. Q. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT.

KANAWHA COURT-HOUSE, VA., May 30, 1861.

SIR: The threatening aspect of affairs in this quarter induces me to send Lieutenant-Colonel McCausland to explain in detail matters that could not be discussed by letter. He will inform you of the disaffection of this population and the difficulty reliable troops for the emergency. There can be no doubt now that it is the intention of the enemy to occupy as much of this country as he may find open to invasion, and your attention is specially called to the necessity of sending, as early as practicable, a force at least sufficient to hold this valley in security. I have now under my command here three hundred and forty men, and when the companies now in process of formation in this valley shall the companies now in process of formation in this valley shall have been completed it is probable their numbers will not exceed one thousand men. It is doubtful, in my mind, whether the militia will obey a call to the field. From these reasons it would seem proper that re-enforcements should be sent from such sources as you may deem proper. I beg leave, respectfully, to urge the importance of sending us rifles, with

