
killed under him by the shell that wounded that of the latter Both were eminently self to me, and were eminently useful to me, and were distinguished for coolness and courage until the enemy gave way and field in wild disorder in every direction-a scene the President of the Confederacy had the high satisfaction of witnessing, as he arrived upon the field at that exultant moment.

I also received from the time I reached the front such signal service from H. E. Petynon, at the time a private in the Loudoun Cavalry, that I have called dim to my personal staff. Similar-services were also rendered me repeatedly during the battle by T. J. Randolph, a volunteer acting aide-de-camp to Colonel Cocke. Captain Clinton H. Smith, of the general staff, was also present on the field, and rendered efficient service in the transmission of orders.

It must be permitted me here to record my profound since of my obligations to General Johnston for his generous permission to carry pout my plans with such modifications as circumstances had required. From his services on the field as we entered it together, already mentioned, and his subsequent watchful management of the re-enforcements as they reached the vicinity of the field, our countrymen may draw the most auspicious auguries.

To Colonel Thomas Jordan, my efficient and zealous assistant adjutant-general, much credit is due for his able assistance it the organization of the force under my command and for the intelligence and promptness with which he has discharged all the laborious and important duties of his office.

Valuable assistance was given to me by Major Cabell, chief officer of the quartermaster's department, in the sphere of his duties-duties environed by far more that the ordinary difficulties and embarrassments attending the operations of a long-organized regular establishment.

Colonel R. B. Lee, chief of subsistence department, had but just entered upon his duties, but his experience and long and varied service in his department made as efficient as possible.

Captain W. H. Fowle, when Colonel Lee had relieved, had previously exerted himself to the utmost to carry out orders from these headquarters to render his department equal to the demands of the service. That it was not entirely so it is due to justice to say was certainly not his fault.

Deprived by the sudden severe illness of the medical director, Surg. Thomas H. Williams, his duties were discharged by Surg. R. L. Brodie to my entire satisfaction; and it is proper to say that the entire medical corps of the Army at present, embracing gentleman of distinction in the profession, who had quit lucrative private practice, be their services in the field and subsequently did high honor to their profession.

The vital duties of the ordnance department were effectively discharged under the administration of my chief of artillery and ordnance, Colonel S. Jones.

At one time, when reports of evil one and disaster reached Camp Pickens with such circumstantiality as to give reasonable grounds of anxiety, its commander, Colonel Terrett, the commander of the entrenched batteries, Captain Sterrett, of the C. S. Navy, and their officers, made the most efficient possible preparations for the desperate defense of that position in extremity; and in this connection I regret my inability to mention the names of those patriotic gentleman of Virginia by the gratuitous labor of whose slaves the entrenched camp at Manassas had been mainly constructed, relieving the troops from that laborious service, and giving opportunity for military instruction.

