
vancing upon Washington City. Thought such statements may have ben made merely from my injury, and in that view might be postponed to a more convenient season, they have acquired importance from the fact that they have served to create distrust, to excite disappointment, and armies of the Potomac, and, generally, to provided for the public defence. For these public consideration I call upon, as the commanding general, and as a party to all the conferences held by me on July 21 and 22, to say where I obstructed the pursuit of the enemy after the victory at Manassas, or have ever objected to an advance or other active operations which it was feasible for the Army to undertake.*

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., November 4, 1861.

Generals COOFER and LEE, C. S. Army:

GENTLEMEN: The injurious effect proceed by statements, widely published, to show that the Army of the Potomac had been needlessly doomed to inactivity my rejection of plans for vigorous movements against the enemy which were presented to me General Beauregard, induces me to ask you to state what was the communication made by that at Manassas in July last, and what were the propositions and requests then conveyed to me. You are invited to refer to the introduction of General Beauregard's report of the battle of Manassas, that you may see how far the statement made therein agrees with the communication made to me by the Honorable Mr. Chesnut in the interview at which you were present.

I have requested General Beauregard to furnish me with a duplicate of the plan of battle and campaign, which he says in his report was submitted to me, but have not received an answer.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

RICHMOND, VA., November 9, 1861.

To his Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 4th instant, I have the honor to state that I was present at an interview in the parol of the Spottswood Hotel, on the occasion referred to in General Beauregard's introductory remarks in his reported of the battle of Manassas, wherein he states that he dispatched, of July 13, one of his staff, Colonel James Chesnut, of South Carolina, to submit to the consideration of the President a plan of operations, &c.

My impression in respect to that interview is that General Beauregard, being fully satisfied that an early attack would be made on his position by the enemy, greatly superior in force, and feeling the necessity for additional aid to arable to give battle on more equal terms,

---------------

* Answer, if any, not found.

---------------

