
Colonel A. P. Aldrich, and Lieutenant Colonel James M. Lipscomb, of my regular staff, am I greatly indebted for most active and efficient service during the whole time of the operations of my command from the 17th to the 22nd of July, inclusive, cash executing every order delivered him with the utmost alacrity, and frequently under circumstances of peril. I am also indebted to Major Thomas J. Davies, of my regular staff, and Major S. W. Melton, and Alfred Moss (the latter of Virginia), my volunteer aides, for similar active and efficient services; and to Major Melton I am further indebted for very valuable aid as military secretary. I am also much indebted to my volunteer aides, Majs. S. S. Tompkins, W. P. Butler, and M. B. Lipscomb, for valuable assistance in the performance of various duties connected with my command from the time they joined me at Centreville to the close of the operations. To General S. McGowan, volunteer aide, who also joined me at Centreville, I am under many obligations for his valuable assistance during the operations of my command from the 17th to the 21st, inclusive, under circumstances of peril and exposure.

I desire to mention in most favorable terms the valuable services of Colonel George W. Lay, Virginia forces, who acted as my adjutant-general during the above-mentioned operations. To Captain W. H. Steven, of the Engineers, C. S. Army, am I greatly indebted for his indefatigable labors in putting Fairfax Court-House in a state of defense, and his constant attention to the execution of all orders extended through him, both in camp and in the field. It is also proper to mention the valuable aid rendered Captain Stevens by General Johnston Hagood, of South Carolina; Professor Venable, of South Carolina College; and Mr. Nyllis, of the Eighth regiment South Carolina Volunteers, as volunteer assistant engineer in the construction of the works at Fairfax Court-House. Of Captains Wickhan, Ball, Powell, and Payne, and the officers and men of their commands, who have been with me from about the time of my arrival at Manassas early in May, I wish to make my acknowledgments for valuable and efficient services, at all times cheerfully rendered. i desires to make favorable mention also of Colonel Reford and his cavalry, who joined me at a late period, and who have ever promptly executed all my orders. Captain Kemper and the officers and men of his battery are deserving of my highest approbation. They were the first artillery to occupy Artillery Hill at Centreville under my orders. They have been kept steadily in the front, and have shown themselves worthy of the position and the great cause in which they are engaged. The distinguished parts performed by Colonels Kershaw and Cash and Captain Kemper, as also by Colonel Radford's cavalry and the other troops of cavalry belonging to my command, was somewhat under your own observation on the 21st of July, and their reports I respectfully refer. Colonel J. L. Kemper, of the Seventh Regiment Volunteers, is enticed to my highest approbation, not only for his generous acceptance of the place of quartermaster with my advance command, but also on account of his activity and efficiency as a member of my staff in carrying my orders on the 17th, as well 18th, at Bull Run. To Colonels Williams, Bacom, Kirkland, and Kelly, and Captain Shields, and the officers and men of their commands, I am also indebted for the promptness, cheerfulness, and energy with which they performed all the duties assigned to them; and I commend the entire command for the spirit and patriotism which they performed all their duties. To Major Kennedy, commissary of my command, and Lieutenant Washington, assistant quartermaster, C. S. Army, am i also indebted for active and efficient services.

