
at the head of that regiment before he had proceeded sixty yards, and died instantly. A youth of pure and gentle spirit, he evince on the field the cool, self-possessed heroism of the veteran soldier.

Mr. John A. Myers, private, captain Casson's company, mounted Mr. Hardy's horse, and rendered me most efficient aid during the remained of the day.

Mr. A. E. Doby, also of my staff, was most active in assisting me on the field, and was most conspicuously exposed. His gallantly and intelligence in conveying my orders deserve particular mention. Riding into a squad of some of the zouaves when sent to Captain Kemper, then in the rear, he preserved his life by promptly repeating a signal which he saw one of them uso as he rode up.

Colonel Cash distinguished himself by his courageous bearing and his able and efficient conduct of his regiment during the whole day. He will particular report the conduct of his command.

Captain Kemper, of the Alexandria Artillery, and all his officers and men, engaged as they were under my own eye, merit the most honorable mention in this report. To the efficiency of this battery I have no doubt we are chiefly indebted for the valuable capture of arms, stores, and munitions of war at the suspension bridge. Without this artillery they could not have been arrested.

It is difficult to discriminate among my own officers and men, since all engaged in the fight with enthusiastic bravery and spirit, and bore themselves with light-hearted and vivacious gallantry to the end.

Captain Hoke, bravely leading his company, which\ was flanked by the left wing of the zouaves, was severely wounded in the first charge and borne from the field, was taken prisoner by the enemy, but soon recused. His company was subsequently courageously led by Lieutenant Pulliam.

Captain Richardson was wounded early in the action, gallantly leading his company. Upon being sent to the rear he, too, was captured by the zouaves, but afterwards rescued. The escape of so many of the zouaves to our rear was accomplished by their lying down, feigning to be dead or wounded, when we charged over them, and then treacherously turning upon us. They murdered one of our men in cold blood after he had surrendered, and one attempted to kill another of our number who kingly stopped to give him water supposing him wounded. The command of Captain Richardson's company devolved upon Lieutenant Durant, who efficiently conducted in through day.

Captain McManus was painfully wounded in the arm early in the engagement, but bravely left his company through the day.

Captain Wallace was slightly wounded in the face at the head of his company. Lieutenant Bell was also struck. Lieutenant De Pass was most dangerously and severely wounded in the head, in the hottest of the fight, after most gallantly conduction himself in his position with his company. Captain Kennedy was struck, but only bruised, by a ball in the side. Captain Casson, Haile, Cuthbert, and Rhett were uninjured, thought bravely conspicuous, as were all the company officers, in rallying and cheering heir men in the thickest of the fight.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Jones and Major Goodwyn I am much indebted for their efficient discharge of their important duties. The latter was particularly exposed from time to time, and bore himself with reckless courage. Captain Sill, adjutant, and Sergeant-Major Haile were active and efficient, and did good service in the fight, the formed with his pistols and the latter with his musket.

Many individual instances of distinguished gallantry have been

