
enemy (zouaves) were driven back from their position. Falling back in great confusion, they were rallied in a valley some distance in the rear, where the enemy was posted in great numbers. From this point they returned my fire, killing five of my men wounding several.

Seeing that the enemy were well acquainted with my position, and being unable to return their fire, they using guns of longer range than those in the hands of my men, and it being out of my power to advance without exposing the regiment to a cross-fire from the enemy and Colonel Kershaw's regiment, i ordered a flank movement to the left, indenting to fall upon the enemy's right. Unfortunately my order was not heard along the whole line, owing to the noise of battle in our front. Order, however, was soon restored, and the regiment advanced, receiving an occasional shot from the enemy, the mass having retired beyond a hill in rear of the position held by them when my flank movement commenced.

After a short delay i was ordered by Colonel kershaw to follow his command in the direction of the stone brigade. While executing this order I was met by General Beauregard, who ordered me to dislodge a body of the enemy supposed to be in a wood to my left. I at once proceeded to discharged this duty, but found that the orders of the general had been already executed a body of cavalry. I continued in pursuit of the enemy towards the stone bridge. At this time the remnant of Hampton's Legion was attached to my regiment, and placed under my command.

After crossing the stone bridge I found Colonel Kershaw's command drawn up on the right of the road, and was ordered by the officer to take position of the left, Captain Kemper occupying the road. We continued to advance in this order, I deploying as skirmishers to the front Captain Hoole's company, who drove the enemy before them. Occasionally the artillery of the enemy would fire upon us, but without effect. After continuing the pursuit for two and a half or three miles we came in full view of the heavy columns of the retreating enemy. The regiments were halted, and Captain Kemper commanded a rapid and well-directed fire upon them, which caused them to abandon their guns, wagons, &amp;c., and completed the defeat. The enemy now fled in the utmost confusion, throwing away everything which at all impeded his flight. Too much praise cannot be a awarded to Captain Kemper for the manner in which he managed his guns on this occasion. Directing the fire, he displayed all the attributes of a brave, gallant, and accomplished officer. It was during this pursuit that my sergeant-major, W. S. Mullins, took as a prisoner Mr. Ely, a number of Congress from New York, who, armed with a revolver, had come upon the field to enjoy the York, who, armed with a revolver, had come upon the field to enjoy the pleasure of witnessing our defeat.

The enemy being hopelessly routed, I was ordered By Colonel kershaw to send forward a detachment from my regiment to take possession of the cannon deserted by the enemy and bring them within our lines, fearing that these might rally and attempt to retake them. Captain W. H. Evans and fifty men promptly volunteered for this service, and well and faithfully discharged their duty. i remained upon the ground with my command until all the pieces which could be moved were carried to the rear, and at 2.30 o'clock a. m. on Monday returned to the stone bridge, taking position on Colonel Kershaw's left. Here we remained until ordered to advance to this thing ordeal, displaying that heroism and bravery which have ever characterized Southern troops. Where all behaved so well I would do violence to

