
enemy were thrown into wild confusion before us, their vehicles of all sorts going off at full speed and in the greatest disorder.

Having dispersed the enemy in our front in the direction of Cub Run Bridge I them charged upon them between Cub and Bull Run, but soon came on a column of infantry, about five thousand strong, posted on each side of the road in thick woods, supported by a battery of three pieces, blocking up the road. All three of these pieces immediately opened upon my command, throwing the cavalry into some confusion, and killing Captain Winston Radford, charging at the head of his company, and by his side Corporal Alexandria T. Irvine, of his company, also Sergeant Edvard Fountain and Privates Richard W. Saunders and Philip G. Spindle, of Captain Wickham's company. Lieutenant Boldman H. Bowles of Captain Wickham's company, was separated from his company during the charge and was killed, also Private Fugua, of Captain Terry's company. Of all the brave and gallant men who fell on the 21st instant fighting for their homes and freedom, none died covered with more glory than the braves who fell in this charge. Peace be with them!

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of Colonel Chisolm, aide to General Beauregard, who volunteered to guide my command by the nearest route to intercept the retreating enemy. He was among the forest in making the charge, and distinguished himself by his gallantry, coolness, and bravery. He was of great assistance to me. My adjutant, B. H. Burk, was with me through the entire day, and acted with great coolness and bravery, taking Colonel Corcoran, of the Sixty-ninth New York Regiment, with several other prisoners. All the officers of the command distinguished themselves equally. i can make no distinction between them. the following are the names of the officers who were in the charge:, Captains Terry, Wickham, Powell, Radford, and Alexander; Lieutenants Harris, Breckinridge, Johnston, Halsey, Beale, Price, Page, Tardy, Waller, Newton, Watts, Izzard, Kelso, Triplett, bowles, and Timberlake.

The following men were wound, viz: Private B. T. Wit, of Captain Winston Radford's company, and Privates James H. H. Figgat and William T. Marks, of Captain Pitzer's company; also C. Turpin, of Captain Terry's company.

Four horses were killed and two wounded in Captain Ranford's company; one horses wounded in Captain Powell's company; one horse killed, one wounded, and missing in Captain Wickham's company, and three wounded in Captain Terry's company.

The non-commissioned officer and men of all the companies did their duty in every respect.

Charles, the colored seventh of Adjutant Burk, unaided, captured a prisoner armed with gun and pistol, and turned him over to the commanding general of the First Brigade.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. W. RADFORD,

Colonel Thirtieth Virginia Cavalry.

Captain STEVENTS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Army of the Potomac.

