
my command, and where all did so well and acted so gallantly I will not and cannon discriminate in favor of any. Two of the companies had only joined the regiment on the day before leaving Leesburg. The whole regiment was very much worn down by their fatiguing march from Leesburg, and suffering from want of food and water on the field. Yet they stood all and bore all with cheerfulness and obeyed every order with alacrity. They had only meal during the 21st, and but little water.

I was most ably and efficiency support on the battle-field and during the whole period of our absence London by Lieutenant. Colonel C. B. Tebbs and Major n. Berkeley, both of when displayed great gallantry on the field. Acting Adjutant Elzey also rendered me valuable aid, as did my sergeant-major is a prisoner. I feel his loss very sensibly, he was generous and brave, and promised to make a valuable officer.

While mourning over the gallant fellows of the Eighth two fell on that bloody field it is a matter of congratulation and thankfulness to God that so few fell, and that no officer was either killed or wounded.

Below is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.*

very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

EPPA HUNTON,

Colonel Eighth Virginia Regiment.

Colonel PHILIP ST. GEORGE COCKE.

Numbers 103. Report of Colonel R. E. Withers, Eighteenth Virginia Infantry.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit a report of the share taken by the Eighteenth Regiment in the battle of the 21st of July.

The position occupied by my command was, as you are aware, on the north side of Bull Run, at Ball's Ford, which we were ordered to defend. This position they had occupied for three days, sleeping on their arms, as their position was very much exposed. Colonel Preston's regiment (Twenty-eight) was morning of the 21st I heard firing in the direction of my advance picket. Supposing it caused by an advance of the enemy on my position I hastened to the point, and found that the firing was caused by an advance of the enemy along the Warrenton turnpike, driving in the pickets of Major Evens on that road. I could distinctly hear the morning of very large numbers of men and many ammunition wagons, indicating that a formidable attack was designed on my left and in front I awaited further developments. no attack having been made on us we remained in position until 2 o'clock p. m. At this time, being enabled to see from my position the progress of the fight, and that the extreme left of the position of our army had been turned by the enemy crossing Bull Run at Sudley's Mill, some distance above stone bridge, and were outflanking and forcing back by immensely superior numbers our forces on the left and center, I crossed the run and formed my regiment in readiness for immediate action. Soon after Colonel Cocke sent down by one of his aides an order to bring my regiment into action as

---------------

* The nominal list shows 6 killed, 23 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

