
from time to time with information of all occurrences likely to be of interest to yourself, I received of orders from brigade headquarters to recross the creek by way of Ball's Ford of the first-dan crossing, and take position below Ball's Ford in the heavy timber on the south side of the ford. This order was executed with rapidity and exactness. The regiment deployed in line, its right resisting on the ford. The Eighteenth Regiment crossed the creek by way of the ford, passing along our line, occupied the left, next the hill. The two regiments covered the road from the creek to the fill.

At - p. m. an order was received from you directing the advance of my regiment to the battle-field. The order was obeyed with alacrity. The Twenty-eighth passed in line across the field past the Lewis house (headquarters), through the orchard the house, across the first ravine, upon the farm road leading from Lewis' to Mrs. Henry's house. It there halted, faced to the left, commenced to advance by a narrow lane nearly at right angles to its course up to this point. Its progress was stopped for a few moments by the passage of Latham's battery, taking position, and afterwards by the Washington Battery coming from the direction of the field of battle. This obstruction removed, the regiment resumed its march. Advancing nearly half a mile, it was fired upon by the enemy, concealed in the woods on the right. By this fire six men of Company B, Captain Wilson, were wounded. This fire was promptly and effectually returned by Company B, Captain Wilson's company, and several of the enemy killed and wounded.

At this moment a few of the enemy were discovered who had advance beyond the road. and whose escape was intercepted by the passage of the regiment. Upon presenting a pistol at one them he cried out that he was "an officer and a gentleman," and yielded himself and companies prisoners. The men wounded and captured proved to be the advance of the First Regiment Michigan Volunteers, of the Federal Army. Among those who surrendered were Colonel O. B. Willcox and Captain -, the former of whom had been wounded in the arm by the fire Company B, Captain Wilson.

My advance continued about half a mile farther through a dense wood, when in entered the road to Sudley's Mill. There it was stopped by Kemper's battery, which in passing occupied the road entirely. The regiment was halted for a few moments and the men ordered to lie down from a very heavy fire of the combatants, which passed over then, and which it was not in position to return. By this fir one man of Company C (Captain Bowyer) was wounded.

I was here in some uncertainty in regard to my position. Beyond was a warm conflict between the Second and Eight Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (Colonel kershaw and Cash) and the enemy. the woods were very dense. I had never seen the ground before. I was wholly without a guide. I therefore availed myself of the unavoidable delay occasioned by the passage of the battery to procure such information of the relative positions of the combatants as to prevent ourselves from firing into being fired into our friends. Riding forward I met with Colonel Kernshaw, who, in reply to my request that he would aid in leading me into position, furnished me a guide in Lieutenant Herdy, who rode forward and rendered important aid in that capacity. The battery having passed, the regiment renewed its march. It had advanced a short distance through a narrow road in the woods when, to my deep regret, Lieutenant hardy was killed by a fire the enemy, some of whom, and among them the men who shot Lieutenant hardy, were immediately fired on and killed by my advanced company (A) Captain Patton

