
that the enemy had abandoned in their flight, showing that no expense or trouble had been spared in equipping their army.

The number of men composing my brigade as it went into the action was less than fifteen hundred, but I am unable to give exact returns, as we bivouacked eight or ten miles our baggage, with which were all the rolls and returns, and the brigade has since been separated and reorganized.

Colonel Kemper's regiment, embracing less than 400 men at the time, lost in killed 9, wounded 38; Colonel Hays' regiment lost in killed 3, wounded 20; Colonel Barksdale's regiment lost in wounded 6; making in killed 12, wounded 64; in all, 76.

Without intending to be invidious, I must say that Colonels Kemper and Hays displayed great coolness and gallantry in front of their regiments while they were being formed under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, who, from their appearance, I took to be regular troops. My aide and acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Fleming Gardner, rendered me very efficient service during the whole day, and a Lieutenant Willis, who volunteered to act as aide, and did so, was also of great service to me. I have not seen him for several days, and did not learn the particular corps to which he belongs, but I believe he belongs to a company of Rappahannock cavalry.

A company from Rappahannock joined Colonel Kemper's regiment in the early part of the day, and a South Carolina company joined Colonel Hays' regiment just after it arrived in front of the enemy.

The companies of my own regiment remained all day, until the retreat of the enemy at Blackburn's Ford, with General Longstreet, under an annoying fire from the enemy's batteries, but without sustaining any loss, and afterwards joined in the pursuit, under General Longstreet, towards Centreville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Brigadier, First Corps., Army of the Potomac.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 110. Report of Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, commanding Seventh Brigade, First Corps.

HEADQUARTERS STONE BRIDGE, BULL RUN, VA., July 24, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to submit the reports of Colonel J. B. E. Sloan, commanding Fourth Regiment of South Carolina Volunteers; Captain Harris, commanding the First Special Battalion Louisiana Volunteers;* Captain Terry, commanding the squadron of cavalry, and First Lieutenant Davidson, commanding a section of Latham's battery of artillery, the whole constituting the force under my command on the 21st instant.

The enemy made his appearance in line of battle on the east side of the stone bridge, about fifteen hundred yards in front of my position, and opened their fire with rifled cannon at 5.15 a. m., which was continued at

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

