
JULY 19, 1861.-Affair near New Market Bridge, Va.

Report of Colonel Robert Johnston, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF CAVALRY, Cockletown, Va., July 19, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a volunteer scout, consisting of Private W. Causey, Old Dominion Dragoons; Colonel Sandidge and son, and Mr. Ferrett, of Louisiana, attached to the Charles City Cavalry, returned to my camp this morning, bringing in as prisoners Captain E. W. Jenkins and Lieutenant R. M. Shurtleff, both of the Naval Brigade.

They met near the New Market Bridge a party of six, supposed to have been annoying our pickets; killed one, who the prisoners state was Major Rawlings; wounded the two brought in, and put the rest to flight. Upon the person of one was found, upon examination, a lot of ammunition, indentified as the property of a member of my command. They were met by the surgeon of this post and every attention given. The captain is very seriously wounded, the lieutenant only slightly, and will be sent to you to-morrow. Two guns taken from them are in my possession.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,RO. JOHNSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major G. B. COSBY,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of Yorktown, Yorktown, Va.

JULY 19, 1861.-Affair on the Back River Road, Va.

Report of Colonel Robert Johnston, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF CAVALRY, Cockletown, Va., July 20, 1861.

MAJOR: I regret to have to report the loss of the horses of the picket on the Back River road last evening just before the time for the picket to fall back to the position assigned it for the night. No blame is to be attached to the private in charge or to any person connected with it. This picket has orders to dismount, and, leaving their horses, to take a position in advance of them during the day. The position occupied by them can be approached to within a short distance through the woods between the Back River and the Sawyer Swamp road. It was in this way that the horses were taken. A large party of the enemy came through the woods from a point on Sawyer Swamp road to within a short distance of where the picket was stationed, and then approached the horses by file from the rear under cover of a ditch brush fence and got over the fence just where the horses were. Fortunately they were seen by our picket as they cleared the fence, who were thus enabled to make their escape by the river side. Had they attempted to escape on the other side in the direction of the woods they would have been taken, as the enemy seemed to have expected their escape on that side and searched for them there.

The enemy were in force, probably 300 strong, and came out to avenge the death of Captain Jenkins, who they supposed had been killed yesterday. They visited Dr. Semple's farm, but committed no depredations,

