
CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.-UNION.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Numbers 3. Washington, April 19, 1861.

The Military Department of Washington is extended so as to include, in addition to the District of Columbia and Maryland, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania, and will be commanded by Major-General Patterson, belonging to the volunteers of the latter State.

The major-general will, as fast as they are mustered into service, post the volunteers of Pennsylvania all along the road from Wilmington, Del., to Washington City, in sufficient numbers and in such proximity as may give a reasonable protection to the lines of parallel wires, to the road, its rails, bridges, cars, and stations.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1861-7.30 p. m.

General R. PATTERSON, Philadelphia:

Have you received General Orders, Numbers 3, sent by telegraph this afternoon? Major Porter, A. A. G., started this morning, with order for issue of 5,000 arms to troops near Harrisonburg, and to secure line of communications from Pennsylvania line to Baltimore, along route from Harrisburg to Baltimore. Answer by telegraph.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

PHILADELPHIA, April 19, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT, Commanding U. S. Army:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have orders to march and am intensely anxious to be with and support you, but a very large proportion of my men are without muskets, all are without ammunition, service clothing, greatcoats, blankets, knapsacks, haversacks, canteens, &amp;c., and it is impossible to get them except from the Frankford and Gray's Ferry Arsenals, where there is abundance of everything. Mr. Dayton, of New Jersey, has telegraphed General Cameron to supply these things. I implore you to go to the Secretart and have an order sent for a full supply. If you cannot get for ten thousand, get for five thousand men. It seems very strange that the people of the South seize the Government property to carry on rebellion, and the men of the North cannot get it to defend the flag of the Union. The law of necessity overrides all laws; we must have arms, ammunition, clothing, and equipments. The State authorities say that if the Government requires it, the State will pay for the clothing at cost price, and the stock can be replenished. Please attend to this at once, and I can have 5,000 men in Washington in five days. General Cadwalader is as decided as I am that our men shall not be made inmates of hospitals for want of comfortable garments, which the Government has at our doors, and which may be taken by others. Say to my good friend the Secretary I entreat him not to hesitate. The moment, the peril of the capital, and the necessities of the case fully justify him in making the order.

Faithfully, yours,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

