
on board men, munitions of war, or supplies of provisions; and, if so, keep them under the guns of your fort and prevent their proceeding until further orders. This of course does not apply to the troops or supplies of the United States, but does to steamer Monticello, as before ordered.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND.

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1861.

Major General R. PATTERSON:

SIR: The direct communication by rail and telegraph between us is interrupted by many breaks between the Susquehanna and the Relay House, this side of Baltimore. For the present Northern re-enforcements can only reach us by, 1st, the ocean and the Potomac; 2nd, by the Susquehanna steamboats and Annapolis; and 3rd, by Harrisburg, York, and a point on that railroad nearest to the Relay House, some six miles to be marched over.

Please give your attention to the road up the Susquehanna, and station a strong force at a point for the protection of transport steamers, if any besides the Maryland, and the embarkations. It was reported yesterday that this steamer had taken on board at that point two regiments of volunteers-the Seventh, of New York, and another, of Massachusetts-and I immediately dispatched a quartermaster to receive and assist them in reaching Washington. We have not heard of their arrival at Annapolis. But the route via Harrisburg is to us, perhaps, still more important.

Major Porter, assistant adjutant-general, was sent several days ago to Governor Curtin to muster in volunteers, and to string them along the railroad in Maryland, leading from Harrisburg toward Baltimore. Please give your attention in part to this line of communication. Communicate frequently the arrival and departure of troops, numbers, and the routes. Employ express when necessary.

I do not know that we can hire a steamer at Baltimore for Annapolis in addition to the Maryland, and perhaps a war steamer may be necessary to escort transports from the Susquehanna to Annapolis.

With the greatest respect, yours, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Philadelphia, April 21, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington:

COLONEL: As I fear my letters and dispatches have not reached you, I therefore, by aid of a friend, send a special messenger. On receipt of your telegram of yesterday I went to the transportation office and saw John Edgar Thomson and S. M. Felton, esq., presidents of the Pennsylvania Central and the Philadelphia and Baltimore Railroads, and gave directions for the Eighth Massachusetts and Seventh New York to go via Annapolis to Washington. I could not find Colonel Lefferts, but saw General Butler, gave him the instructions, and desires him to communicate them to Colonel Lefferts. I requested General Butler to halt one

