
should take your men elsewhere. I have telegraphed to the Secretary of War, advising against your landing your men here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your letter to the Adjutant-General of yesterday, brought by Mr. Hill, came to me this night.

In my letter to you yesterday I intended that the railroad via Harrisburg and York towards Baltimore was more important, perhaps, for re-enforcing Washington than that from Philadelphia to Perryville, &c. That supposition was founded on the Secretary's belief that the distance from a certain point on the Harrisburg Railroad to the Relay House, eight miles this side of Baltimore, was but some seven miles by a good wagon road, whereas there is no good common road between the two railroads of less than thirty miles. This fact renders the railroad from Harrisonburg to Baltimore of no value to us here without a force of, perhaps, ten thousand men to hold Baltimore-to protect the rails and bridges near it. This shall be done as soon as we shall have a surplus force over and above what is necessary for the security of Washington. With this information the line for troops coming from the North to this place via Perryville, thence by steamboats to Annapolis, and wagon roads, seems greatly preferable; but, besides the want of railroad transportation this side of Annapolis, we have no war steamer, and may not have one in ten days to convoy the transports from Perryville to Annapolis. The embarkations at Perryville you may be able to protect by a strong guard at that place.

The Massachusetts and New York volunteers which arrived at Annapolis yesterday debarked, it is believed, to-day, and have commenced their march upon this place. Up to this moment we do not know that the march has commenced. The difficulty is probably the want of cars or common wagons, leaving perhaps a guard of some three companies at the Naval School, Annapolis. The route for Northern troops coming here from Gettysburg by common roads to Frederick, Md., may be worth attention. Besides the troops supposed to have landed at Annapolis, we greatly need ten or twelve additional regiments for this place, now partially besieged, threatened, and in danger of being attacked on all sides in a day or two or three.

With the greatest respect, yours, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

P. S.-Camp equipage is much wanted here, the preparation of which is pushed at Boston, New York, and Philadelphia. The same remark is applicable to accouterments.

The public buildings here have already as many troops as they can receive.

Communicate often by express, if necessary.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1861.

Major G. H. THOMAS, Second Cavalry, Carlisle Barracks:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that the four companies of cavalry under your command be sent here as fast as they are mounted (which

