
must be done with all possible dispatch), and by the route which will insure their arrival at the earliest moment practicable. From your position you can judge better of the route than we. The men must be prepared to encounter opposition and to overcome it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1861.

Colonel C. F. SMITH,

Commanding Department of Washington, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I respectfully suggest that two companies of infantry and one field piece be immediately dispatched to the High Bridge over the Potomac, to establish themselves at the Maryland end of the bridge, with directions to hold it against any assault to the last extremity.

I also recommend that two companies of infantry and one field piece be established at once at the Georgetown end of the Aqueduct, to hold it as above.

Vedettes should be thrown out from there just as far as practicable on the Virginia side.

As soon as practicable I will send an Engineer officer to make defensive arrangements at these two places.

I have not been informed what arrangements are in effect to watch the Potomac, but think that armed steamers should be kept in motion, and to one should be assigned the especial duty of watching the movements on the river between here and Alexandria.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Major of Engineers.

P. S.-The planks of the High Bridge should be ripped up for a distance of one hundred feet at some point of the length near the Maryland end.

Memorandum for Colonel Smith.

MONDAY, April 22-11 a. m.

Lieutenant Prime, Engineer, is examining the lunatic asylum on the heights opposite the navy-yard and arsenal, with a view of deciding whether it should be occupied. In the mean time I cannot too urgently recommend that a close watch be kept on that shore, and that troops be held in readiness to repel any attempt to seize these buildings.

J. G. BARNARD,

Major Engineers.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, April 22, 1861.

To his Excellency A. LINCOLN, President of the United States:

SIR: I feel it my duty most respectfully to advise you that no more troops be ordered or allowed to pass through Maryland, and that the troops now off Annapolis be sent elsewhere, and I most respectfully urge that a truce be offered by you, so that the effusion of blood may be

