
be pardoned for deeming an ill-advised designation of the men under my command. They are not Northern troops; they are a part of the whole militia of the United States, obeying the call of the President.

I have the honor of being your excellency's obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Brigadier-General in the Militia of the United States.

P. S.-It occurs to me that our landing on the grounds at the Naval Academy would be entirely proper and in accordance with your excellency's wishes.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION

ORDER, Numbers 37. MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEER MILITIA, On board steamer Maryland, off Annapolis, April 22, 1861.

Colonel Monroe is charged with the execution of the following order:

At 5 o'clock a. m. the troops will be paraded by company and be drilled in the manual of arms, especially in loading at will, firing by file, and in the use of the bayonet, and these specialties will be observed in all subsequent drills in the manual; such drill to continue until 7 o'clock, when all the arms will be stacked upon the upper deck, great care being taken to instruct the men as to the mode of stacking their arms, so that a firm stack, not easily overturned, shall be made. Being obliged to drill at times with the weapons loaded, great damage may be done by the overturning of the stack and the discharge of the piece. This is important. Indeed, and accident has already occurred in the regiment from this cause, and although slight in its consequence, yet it warns us to increased diligence in this regard.

The purpose which could only be hinted at in the orders of yesterday has been accomplished. The frigate Constitution has lain for a long time at this port substantially at the mercy of the armed mob which sometimes paralyzes the otherwise loyal State of Maryland. Deeds of daring, successful contests, and glorious victories had rendered "Old Ironsides" so conspicuous in the naval history of the country that she was fitly chosen as the school-ship in which to train the future officers of the Navy to like heroic acts. It was given to Massachusetts and Essex County first to man her; it was reserved for Massachusetts to have the honor to retain her for the service of the Union and the laws.

This is a sufficient triumph of right and a sufficient triumph for us. By this the blood of our friends shed by the Baltimore mob is in so far avenged. The Eighth Regiment may hereafter cheer lustily on all proper occasions, but never without orders. The old Constitution, by their efforts, aided untiringly by the U. S. officers having her in charge, is now safely "possessed, occupied, and enjoyed" by the Government of the United States, and is safe from all her foes.

We have been joined by the Seventh Regiment of New York, and to-gather we propose peaceably, quickly, and civilly, unless opposed by some mob or other disorderly persons, to march to Washington, in obedience to the requisition of the President of the United States. If opposed, we shall march steadily forward.

My next order I hardly know how how to express. I cannot assume that any of the citizen soldiery of Massachusetts or New York could under any circumstances whatever commit any outrages upon private property in a loyal and friendly State. But fearing that some improper person may have by stealth introduced himself among us, I deem it proper to state that any unauthorized interference with private property will be

