
most signally punished, and full preparation therefor made to the injured party to the full, extent of my power and ability. In so doing, I but carry out the orders of the War Department. I should have so done without those orders.

Colonel Munroe will cause these orders to be read at the head of each company before we march.

Colonel Lefferts' command not having been originally included in this order, he will be furnished with a copy for his instruction.

By order of B. F. Butler, brigadier-general:

WILLIAM H. CLEMENS,

Brigade Major.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, April 22, 1861.

To Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: I am in receipt of your two* communications of this date, informing me of your intention to land the men under your command at Annapolis, for the purpose of marching thence to the city of Washington. I content myself with protesting against this movement, which, in view of the excited condition of the people of this State, I cannot but consider an unwise step on the part of the Government. But I most earnestly urge upon you that there shall be no halt made by the troops in this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

FORT McHENRY, MD., April 22, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Please inform the War Department that I sent a detachment from my command, with two pieces of artillery, to take possession of Fort Carroll last evening. They were sent by the U. S. surveying schooner Howell Cobb, which happened to be lying at the dock of this post. I also wrote by her to the commissary of subsistence in New York to send me three months' additional supplies.

I send this under cover to Mr. Ruger, as I am afraid to communicate this intelligence through the regular channel, on account of the sudden and unaccountable change of sentiment in the city of Baltimore.

The Department has been informed of the resources of this place, and must act on what they already know of my condition.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1861.

Captain MORRIS S. MILLER,

Assistant Quartermaster U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed rapidly to Annapolis, to afford all facilities in your power to volunteers from Massachusetts and New York, or

---------------

*Only one found.

---------------

