
other States there en route to this city. If cars can be obtained from the Baltimore and Washington Railroad, you will obtain as many as practicable for the transportation of those troops hither in one or more trips. Consult the naval commander at Annapolis whether he

deems a detachment of troops necessary to defend the Naval School,

the fort, and any U. S. vessels which may be there. You will next

see the commanders of the regiments of volunteers, and request that one, or both of them together, leave the number of companies that may be needed by Commodore Blake for those defensive purposes. On the arrival of a sufficient naval force at Annapolis for its defense, any detachment left behind will be ordered to join its regiment or regiments. You will remain with the volunteers as long as you can be useful, hiring wagons, &amp;c.

I write by command of Lieutenant-General Scott.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-As it is feared that Baltimore cars cannot be obtained to go to Annapolis for the troops, the cars belonging to the Annapolis road may, in many trips, be able to bring the troops to the junction house, and thence probably the Baltimore cars may bring the troops to Washington. Or in the worst case that may be apprehended, the necessity of marching the whole distance from Annapolis to Washington, you will hire wagons, and make all purchases necessary to their wants.

Take care to admonish the troops to be prepared, in landing, to repel force by force, as in war.

[Unsigned indorsement.]

Captain Blake and the governor both say that the occupancy of any position at Annapolis by volunteers will be prejudicial instead of beneficial.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 23, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Carlisle Barracks, Pa.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you at once order to this city and put en route the four companies of the Second Cavalry now at Carlisle Barracks. You will see that the companies are mounted and filled to the maximum standard, and fully armed and equipped for service. They will march from Carlisle to Gettysburg, and thence to this city, by the best route, avoiding as far as practicable the large towns, such as Frederick City. If possible, send not less than two officers with each company, Lieutenant (now Captain) Roger Jones being one of the officers so sent. You are directed to make all needful arrangements to render this movement prompt and successful.

I am, sir, &c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Annapolis, April 23, 1861.

To Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: Having, in pursuance of the towers vested in me by the constitution of Maryland, summoned the legislature of the State to assemble

