
subject to the notice of the honorable Secretary of the Navy, who has the means of seizing vessels and owners, and preventing further mischief.

With much respect,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Captain Russell, of the steamer Louisiana, carried fifteen barrels of gunpowder, stolen from the powder-magazine at Norfolk, to General Steuart, Baltimore. Powder seized by police for the use of the mob. The Louisiana returned within an hour with cannon for the use of the rebels at Norfolk.

The Georgiana, Captain Smith, is carrying contraband articles for the use of the rebels. William Selden (James River boat) is employed in same way.

Captain Arthur Sinclair, late of the Navy, has a steamboat called Reany, armed with a 6-pounder rifled cannon, cruising off Cape Henry, to sink transports. Steam-tug Star cruising in the bay plundering. Four rifled cannon (6-pounders) in the possession of the secessionists at Norfolk.

Captain Baker, owner of the Star and Reany, lives in Norfolk, and should be captured.

Lieutenants Pegram and Page, late of the U. S. Navy, are connected with the secession movement.

Norfolk could be held by fifteen hundred men if the railroad bridges are destroyed.

PHILADELPHIA, April 23, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General, Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the letter of the General-in-Chief, dated 21st instant, per special messenger, W. J. Palmer. All my efforts have been directed to open the line to Washington by rail from here to the Susquehanna River, thence by Annapolis, and from there by rail, believing this to be the only line which could be maintained with the force at my disposal. I hope that more than one war steamer has been put on the water part of the route to protect the transports and sink or capture armed vessels of the enemy.

Two regiments will be embarked immediately for Annapolis, but they are deficient in equipments and their ammunition is unsuitable, cartridges not fitting the muskets in many cases. Great efforts have been made to supply this deficiency, and I hope that it will soon cease to exist.

I have reliable information that 8,000 men are now on their way from New York to Annapolis. Major Sherman arrived last night with his battery, and has been directed to take post for the present at Elkton, Md., supported by 100 infantry. I have no other battery on this side of the river, where one is much needed.

The medical officers appointed to the volunteer regiments are, so far as I am aware, good selections, but, of necessity, without experience in the field, except in rare instances.

It is of great importance that the medical staff should be promptly organized under the direction of an experienced surgeon. I have therefore earnestly to request the General-in-Chief to assign an Army surgeon to my command for service as medical director.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General.

