
at their posts during the time of greatest danger. Since a sufficient force has been each night stationed in the public buildings, it is believed the officers generally hold themselves ready, in case of an alarm, to repair at once to their posts to give such advice and aid as they can. Since the assignment was made other officers have arrived, and some have left the city, which should perhaps cause a new arrangement to be made:

The staff of the General-in-Chief, General Totten and Captain Fry, to repair to headquarters on an alarm. General L. Thomas to command in Georgetown. Major McDowell, assisted by Captain J. N. Macomb and Lieutenant Woodruff, Topographical Engineers, assigned to Capitol Hill. Captain Meigs is now here, and should be the engineer of the Capitol building. Captain Garesche to repair to the General Post-Office. Captain W. F. Raynolds, Topographical Engineers, to the Patent Office. Captain Shiras to Corcoran's building, corner of Fifteenth and F streets, where there are public officers. Colonel Larned to repair to Winder's building. Major Hunter, paymaster, to the President's mansion. Colonel Stone to command of Executive square, assisted by Captain Wright, as engineer. Captain W. R. Palmer, Topographical Engineers, to the Coast Survey. Captain A. A. Humphreys to the Smithsonian Institution. Major H. Bache, Department of State. [Great seal.] Captain Franklin, Topographical Engineers, Treasury building, and in charge of a deport of ammunition placed there for use in case of attack.

WASHINGTON, April 26, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. PORTER, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs that you proceed to the State of Pennsylvania, to take charge of the arrangements for conducting to this city the quota of troops called for from that State and other troops en route hither. You will give particular attention to keeping open the railroad from Harrisburg to Baltimore, for the purpose of securing a free communication with the capital of the United States.

In pursuit of this object you will receive from his excellency the governor such aid as he may be pleased to give; and, having accomplished it, you will return to this city and report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 27, 1861.

To whom it may concern:

Thomas A. Scott has been appointed to take charge of the railways and telegraphs between Washington City and Annapolis. Parties in charge thereof will place Mr. Scott in possession, and in future conform to his instructions in all matters pertaining to their management.

Yours, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 27, 1861.

J. EDGAR THOMSON, Philadelphia, Pa.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 24th [23rd] inst. is here. I am really gratified to hear from you that our military friends in Philadelphia have opened

