
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF WASHINGTON,

Numbers 9. Washington, D. C., April 28, 1861.

Agreeably to Special Orders, Numbers 12, of the War Department, assigning me to the command of the Military Department of Washington, I hereby assume command of that department, and all reports and communications pertaining to my immediate command will be made to these headquarters.

JOS. K. F. MANSFIELD,

Colonel. U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 29, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUTLER, &amp;c., &c., &c.:

SIR: I was happy to receive Colonel Butler last night, the bearer of your dispatches. The latter I have read with interest and a hearty approval.

I send herewith a copy of my letter of this date to Major-General Patterson. [Following.]

If Fort McHenry be not re-enforced, please send thither by some armed steamer from 250 to 500 men, with subsistence for at least sixty days.

I shall be glad to have your views on my proposed movement upon Baltimore, particularly on the part to be fitted out from Annapolis, and which you will probably be required to command.

Though you command a separate department and Major-General Patterson another, a free correspondence between you may be of mutual advantage.

I am sorry that the fleet of transports and provision ships sent from New York did not ascend the Potomac. Major Sibley, principal of the quartermaster's department here, wishes some of those vessels with troops and supplies to be sent around to him, and has written accordingly. This river is yet unobstructed by hostile batteries afloat or ashore, and is likely to remain so.

A strong war vessel, to support Fort McHenry in case of an attack, is of great importance. I there be one not essential as a convoy to transports between Annapolis and the Susquehanna, send her to Fort McHenry.

If the cars promised from New York arrive, those you have ordered from Philadelphia may be unnecessary.

Having great confidence in your zeal, intelligence, and discretion, I remain, yours, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, April 29, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: I wrote you by Major Porter on the 27th and also sent by him certain verbal messages. In that letter* I gave you the outline of my plan for taking and strongly occupying Baltimore, and I asked for your views on the subject. At present I suppose a column from this place of 3,000 men; another from York of 3,000; a third from Perryville or Elkton by land or water, or both, of 3,000, and a fourth from Annapolis by

---------------

*Not found; reference probably to letter of 28th, p. 607.

---------------

