
water of 3,000 might suffice. But it may be, and many persons think it probable, that Baltimore, before we can get ready, will reopen the communication through that city and beyond each way for troops, army supplies, and travelers voluntarily.

When can we be ready for the movement upon Baltimore on this side? Colonel Mansfield has satisfied me that we want at least 10,000 additional troops here to give security to this capital, and as yet we have less that 10,000, including some very indifferent militia of the District, &amp;c. With that addition we will be able, I think, to make the detachment for Baltimore.

The Secretary of War tells me that he has sent a party, not military, to repair the bridge and relay the Maryland part of the Harrisburg and Baltimore Railroad to a point near the city. This I am sure cannot be done without the protection of a military force. I wish you to look to this.

I am not sure that either you or Brigadier-General Butler has re-enforced Fort McHenry. I suppose 250 or 300 men to be wanted, if it be not already re-enforced. If with you, send Major W. W. Morris there to command. I shall ask General Butler to send up the men that may be yet needed.

I desire Major Porter, assistant adjutant-general, to obtain from you or the governor of Pennsylvania the means of breaking two bridges on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, somewhere below Frederick, but pause a few days for further instructions, as we may want to use that road in taking possession of Harper's Ferry.

We are in great want of camp equipage and accouterments at Annapolis, I believe, and certainly here, and we have occupied all the shelter for troops to be found here. Therefore please send no more troops this way without camp equipage.

The Cabinet have under consideration a plan for volunteers of long period of service. Please, therefore, to withdraw your request addressed to the governor of Pennsylvania to increase his quota of three months' men.

Tell me what you can do, and when, towards seizing and occupying Baltimore.

The quartermaster in Philadelphia has two hundred wagons, and thinks he can obtain as many more in ten or fifteen days. Four locomotives and ten passenger cars have been ordered from New York for service on this-side of Annapolis.

With respect, yours, very truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

P. S.-Occupy Have de Grace at your discretion.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

(Copy to General Butler.)

P., W. AND B. R. R. CO.,

Philadelphia, April 29, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON:

DEAR SIR: In order that the line from here to Washington should work with the greatest efficiency, it is desirable that it should be under one head, that there may be no clashing of orders. Should the Government think it advisable that it should be so organized, I am ready to

39 R R-VOL II

