
organize and work it. I refer the matter to you to do with as you think best.

Yours, truly,

S. M. FELTON.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, April 30, 1861.

I have no control over the road beyond Have de Grace. The Annapolis road is, I understand, managed by an able and efficient engineer, placed by the honorable Secretary of War. The ability to manage the two roads of the writer is undoubted, but the propriety of placing them both under him at this point distant from Washington is doubted.

Respectfully referred to the headquarters of the Army.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 4, 1861.

The Secretary of War deems it advisable to retain the management of Government lines at Washington. Would be glad to have Mr. Felron assume the management of his own road to Perryville, and control boats for passengers and mail service to and from Annapolis while the present route is used for that service.

SIMON CAMERON.

SIXTY-NINTH REG'T NEW YORK STATE MILITIA,

Annapolis Junction, Md., April 29, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT, Commanding Army, &amp;c.:

Not having received any positive instructions through the brigade orders of General Butler, when leaving Annapolis, I beg leave to report to headquarters:

I have performed the required duty so far, and am now in complete possession of the entire line of railroad from the point nearest Annapolis to Paint Branch Bridge, with my headquarters at this point, which I reached last evening at 5.30 o'clock. During my march here I found a small detachment of the Fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia at Patuxent Forge, three miles from here, and the officer in command, who announced himself as First Lieutenant K. Stark, with twenty-seven rank and file, who said he was ordered to report to me for duty and orders on my arrival. I then commanded him to maintain the position he had, describing the duty as it was detailed to me by General Butler, and told him that when I reached my assigned headquarters I should send out a force to relieve his and take him to this place.

At 10.30 o'clock I took five of my engineer corps and proceeded by a hand car to make a tour of inspection of the road, and to visit the sentinels all along the worst considered portion of the road. On my arrival at the detachment commanded by Lieutenant Duffy, of my command, and consisting of eighteen rank and file, and some distance nearer to headquarters that Lieutenant Stark's, I was surprised to learn that he had passed that point, stating that his orders were not to remain on guard of the road after night. I inquired the direction he had taken, and had no difficulty in finding the desired information, as he told sev-

