
But even with the same deficiencies, we must have here the additional regiments, some of which, it is supposed, may be spared from those already at Annapolis. To save time in writing, I put this letter (open) under cover to Brigadier-General Butler, to be read and forwarded.

The governor of maryland writes that it is reported a view regiment from New York, called the Zouaves, threatens to force its way to Washington through Baltimore. This is not fully credited. That operation, if it become necessary, must be duly authorized and methodized in the manner I have heretofore indicated in my letters to you.

With high respect, yours, very respectful,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

BALTIMORE, May 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

Yesterday sent our master of transportation to Washington to wait upon Mr. Scott and yourself about arranging for the reopening of business and intercourse between Baltimore and Washington. He conferred fully with Mr. Scott, who advised that he would represent our views and wishes to you, under which Mr. Smith considered it unnecessary to trouble you directly with the subject. We have not as yet received any response. For more than ten years past we have run four regular passenger trains daily each way between Baltimore and Washington, and at least one freight train. We now ask the privilege of running two passenger and mail trains and one freight train each way daily, subject to such supervision as you may deem desirable, and not to interfere with the movements of the Government trains. The interests and convenience of numerous parties in Washington and Baltimore, and we hope of the Government, can be greatly served if you can gratify these requests.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., May 1, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington City:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from the General-in-Chief of two communications, dated April 28 and 29, relating to moving troops upon Baltimore via York and Have de Grace.

Anticipating the wishes of the General-in-Chief, I have, since the withdrawal by the President of troops placed at Cockeysville, given attention to the demonstrations designed, and have posted unequipped regiments in camps of instruction at points from which they can be easily withdrawn and distributed on these lines of communication, viz: At York, 6 regiments; Chambersburg, 2; Lancaster, 6; Harrisburg, number unknown, but probably 6; and in this vicinity, 6.

The impoverished condition of the quartermaster's department here in regard to tents, canteens, and other camp and garrison equipage and the depleted arsenals, will prevent the execution at an early day of any plan of operations. The troops are not fully armed, and are very incompletely equipped, having but few cartridge-boxes, no canteens, tents, or cooking utensils. Articles ordered for troops in advance will exhaust the supply for the next three days. I have directed these commands to be drilled and made efficient, and by the time they are equipped I hope

