
these views, instructions given to General Patterson to protect the road will set Mr. Felton at work with great energy. Would it not be well for me to secure all the powder Du Pont has for sale if to be had at fair prices?

Yours, respectfully and truly,

JOHN TUCKER.

WASHINGTON, May 2, 1861.

J. W. GARRETT, Baltimore, Md.:

In reply to your dispatch of yesterday I beg leave to say that this Department will consent to your proposal whenever the railroad lines running into Baltimore from the North and East are placed in such a condition as to admit free and uninterrupted travel over them, and when the U. S. Government can be assured that satisfactory arrangements have been made to enable it to transport through Baltimore, unmolested and without interruption, such troops, arms, ammunition, supplies, 7c., as it may deem necessary or desire.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

FORT McHENRY, MD., May 2, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have made an examination of the means of defense of this post to-day, and that I consider them inadequate to a successful defense against a night attack or escalate. The top of the scarp wall is within easy reach of ladders of not more than ordinary length. There are no ditches or other obstacles to prevent the march of a hostile force up to the walls of the fort. There are not carriages enough to mount all the guns. There is not one round of grape, and only a few rounds of canister, at the post. More then half the command is composed of recruits who have not been drilled sufficiently to be relied upon in a night attack. I therefore respectfully request that at least two companies of regular soldiers (artillery) may be sent as early as practicable to re-enforce my command; and I urgently request that a supply of ammunition may be furnished as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MORRIS,

Major, Fourth Artillery, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1861.

JOHN TUCKER:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of May 1 from Philadelphia is received. General Patterson has been directed to remove military restrictions from the movements of passengers, and to give prompt facilities at Perryville and Annapolis for their transfer. Messrs. Felton and Scott now have on the line the steamers Ariel and Warner, both of which are comfortable, quick vessels. In my judgment the sooner the line via Annapolis is perfected the better. It will have a good effect in bringing our Maryland friends to terms.

