
spect the muskets issued to the regiments under Colonel Morehead and Colonel Gray. I am under the impression that it will be found that the muskets issued to Colonel morehead's regiment are better than the others. Those of Colonel Lewis' and Colonel Gray's command are, I think, defective, I would respectfully suggest that other arms should be issued forthwith to the two companies of Colonel Gray's regiment, under orders for Forts Miffin and Delaware. Knapsacks and cartridge-boxes are very much wanted.

I have to report that there seems to be no prospect of obtaining clothing for the three regiments which have last been mustered into the service, commanded by Colonel Ballier, Colonel Gray, and Colonel Owen, unless it can be procured from the United States and charged to the State of Pennsylvania. No arms have been issued to the regiments of Colonel Ballier and Colonel Owen. It appears that the regiments here are now entirely neglected by the State authorities, who are sending everything to the regiments in the interior. This could readily be corrected by public opinion if it was generally known, but it is inexpedient to have such information communicated to our enemies. The present condition of these regiments is very unsatisfactory and

demoralizing to their command.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Brevet Major-General Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, Pa., May 9, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Colonel of Ordnance. The arms replaced in my orders of to-day are of the third class, mentioned in the accompanying memorandum, and replaced by arms which have been sent here to Major Ruff and myself to arm these troops.

Very respectfully,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., May 9, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington City:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the General-in-Chief the departure at 10 a. m. to day from Perryville for Washington, via Baltimore, in compliance with instructions, Sherman's battery, five companies Third Infantry, and colonel Patterson's regiment of artillery, armed as infantry. The General-in-Chief may rest assured that other regiments will be sent forward as rapidly as they are equipped, and no time will be lost in getting them out. Two Ohio regiments are within four miles of this city not equipped.

The railroad company hence to Baltimore will attempt, with our protection, to repair their bridges. If molested I shall throw the first force available forward on the road.

The failure of contractors to fulfill their engagements causes delay at

