
the ordnance arsenal, as well as in the delivery of tents, which cannot be obtained from the present contractors.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEP'T, ADJT.-General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 19. Washington, May 9, 1861.

I. The Department of the Ohio is extended so as to embrace so much of Western Virginia and Pennsylvania as lies north of the Great Kanawha north and west of the Greenbrier, thence northward to the southwest corner of Maryland, thence along the Western Maryland line to the Pennsylvania line, and thence northerly to the northeast corner of McKean County, in Pennsylvania.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 10, 1861.

Brigadier-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Md.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the General-in-Chief to communicate to you the following decisions from the Secretary of War in reply to your highly interesting letter of May 8, 1861, in reference to affairs at Relay House, near Baltimore, Md.:

You are hereby directed to examine the baggage of passengers going west from Baltimore, seizing all caps and munitions of war; also to stop all provisions going west, returning them to the consignees. As to groceries you may permit them to pass if you deem it expedient. You will allow the volunteers referred to in your paper to pass unmolested, and give orders for the cattle at Bellaire to pass to Baltimore as suggested.

I need not add that your course is fully approved by the War Department.

I am, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 11, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Annapolis:

GENERAL: General Scott is informed of certain reported irregularities committed by troops guarding road from Annapolis to Junction. It being represented to him that there are quartermaster horses at Annapolis or others available for such service, also saddles and bridles sufficient to mount fifty men, it has been suggested to him that if fifty mounted men could be posted at Millersville, half way from Annapolis to Junction, a guard of infantry at Annapolis depot, a guard at Beltsville

