
Baltimore without any danger of an attack. This is the quickest route, of course. I think that both of these companies will reduce their regular charges thirty-three and a third per cent. for all Government purposes. I hope that the Camden and Amboy Company will consent to a similar reduction. If so, I am now inclined to think that this route will be the cheapest, and it will certainly be the most simple way of transacting the business.

I am acquiring information about iron propellers suitable for gunboats, about which I will report to-morrow or next day. Anything of the kind that is required can be built as quickly as it can be procured from England.

Knowing the value of your time, I small make my communications as brief as possible.

I remain, dear sir, yours, very respectfully,

JOHN TUCKER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, Pa., may 14, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: A few minutes since I received a telegram from the commander at York stating General Butler, on Federal Hill, Baltimore, had sent a special messenger for re-enforcements. At the same time came another from Colonel Andrew Porter stating the Northern Central Railroad was insecure and should be guarded by at least two regiments.

Lest the re-enforcements should be checked by an injury to the road I immediately, as I telegraphed you, changed the route of the command to leave to-day-to the direct one, and have arranged for General Cadwalader to land at Locust Point to-morrow morning at daybreak.

General Keim has been directed to secure to-day the Northern Central Road, after which other troops, as they are prepared, will be pushed over the route. Two regiments will leave here on Thursday.

I am, sir, vary respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF PENNSYLVANIA,Numbers 39. Philadelphia, May 14, 1861.

Bvt. Major General George Cadwalader, commanding First Division, will proceed as soon as practicable to-day to Federal Hill, Baltimore, with the regiments now equipped, and assume command of the troops in that vicinity.

The quartermaster will at once province transportation.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T OF PENNSYLVANIA,Numbers 41. Philadelphia, May 14, 1861.

In place of halting in Baltimore, as directed in Special Orders, Numbers 39,

