
both obstinate and unmanageable, besides two, dead close to the field, and have heard of several left dead on the road. An officer's saber was picked up on the road by which they ran away. Three prisoners were brought in, who separately reported their strength at eighty rank and file. They were driven off by less than fifty of Captain Marr's company of Warrenton Rifles. These had no baronets or other arms than the rifle, while the eighty men of the enemy had a revolver and carbine each, or five hundred and sixty shots without loading. The two cavalry companies here (Rappahannock and Prince William) had very few fire-arms and no ammunition, and took no part in the affair. The enemy captured one vedette and picked up four of the Prince William Cavalry the first time they charged trough the town. Captain Marr was found shot through the heart a short distance from the field. I understand he had started, with a portion of his company, toward the enemy and was intercepted by their pickets. This also explains, in part, why there were so few rifles present at the fight. Lieutenant-Colonel Ewell received a flesh wound through the shoulder when they made their last attack.

The above includes all our loss of killed and wounded. Official statements, published in the papers, vary in the loss of the enemy-killed from one to three, and six or eight wounded. A gentleman reported that they impressed his wagon to carry off the dead and wounded. Their report states one to have been missing. Three prisoners were brought to me, so that they sink to official falsehoods to conceal the truth. The New York Times of the 4th gives their loss at six killed and wounded. I send below a report made to me by a clergyman who met them on their retreat:

They appeared about forty,had twelve to fifteen led horses, and a wagon, with one corpse and some wounded men; some wounded men on horseback, supported by soldiers behind.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Virginia Forces, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant-General .

JUNE 3, 1861. - Action at Philippi, W. Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. -Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General T. A. Morris, Indiana Militia.

Numbers 3. -Colonel J. M. Heck and Majs. R. E. Cowan and M. G. Harman, C. S. force.

Numbers 4.-Major M. G. Harman, commanding Virginia forces at Staunton.

Numbers 5.-Colonel George A. Porterfield, Virginia forces and reply of General Lee.

Numbers 6.-Findings of a Court of Inquiry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, June 3, 1861.

I have just received a telegram, dated to-day, from General T. A. Morris, Indiana Volunteers, commanding United States troops at Grafton, Va., in which he says:

We surprised the rebels, about two thousand strong at Philippi this morning. Captured a large amount of arms, horses, ammunition, provisions, and camp equipage.

