
ond Infantry, will soon be in from Fort Ripley. Am I authorized to take it and others of the regiment passing East?

I desire in a few days to occupy the road beyond Hagerstown, and to establish my headquarters in that town, but do not, in face of the order of the General-in-Chief not to make a forward movement, like to advance beyond Greencastle, to which point Colonel Thomas' brigade moved to-day. I can in a few days hence throw with wagons eight thousand men beyond that point, and by rail at the same time two thousand more.

While the river is high from recent rains, I wish to establish my depots and to intrench my left flank on the Boonsborough road, placing there the force with which I can threaten the Maryland Heights, and, should a favorable occasion offer, storm them. This force will be that which I will not be able to provide with sufficient transportation at present. The approaches to Harper's Ferry are so well guarded, and the sympathizers with the rebels in the immediate vicinity so numerous, that no spy can approach their works. The little information I can gain assures me that they are fortifying west of Harper's Ferry as well as at the Maryland Heights, and design on this field to make a desperate struggle for supremacy.

Independent of the regular force with Colonel Thomas, I have now in this vicinity seventeen regiments, all the force which is to join me, except the New York and Ohio regiments, of which I know nothing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 7, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Washington City:

SIR: On the 24th ultimo I was notified by the General-in-Chief to make use of the New Jersey quota on this line. I called upon the governor of that State to ascertain when they would be ready, and was informed that they would, at the request of the Secretary, go to Washington.

Before daybreak this morning a New York regiment passed through Harrisburg, claiming orders of later date than the 4th instant from the General-in-Chief to move to Washington. I have ordered it to return, unless their last order from the General-in-Chief is subsequent to the one to me.

To-day I commenced placing on the road to Hagerstown the brigades as prepared, Colonel Thomas, Second Cavalry, leading off with five companies of horse; a battalion of two companies of the First Artillery; one of Eighth Infantry, and one of volunteers; the Sixth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-third Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers. He will encamp near Greencastle, and hold himself ready to move at any moment.

To-morrow morning Brigadier-General Williams, commanding the Seventh, Eighth, Tenth, and Twentieth Regiments, will encamp near him. If Colonel Miles arrives by the time wagons will be prepared, he will be assigned to the command of a brigade, and placed in close proximity to General Williams. The baggage train comes in slowly, but every one is working hard, intelligently, and cheerfully to be prepared at the earliest moment, and I expect that by the arrival of the Third

