
Infantry and battery the whole command will be ready to move off together.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, Pa., June 7, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. A.,

Second Cavalry, Commanding First Brigade, Greencastle, Pa.:

COLONEL: The commanding general does not wish to make any movement forward tending to permanent occupation till he is prepared with all his force to sustain the advance. He wishes every precaution taken against precipitate action and nursing ill-feeling, both by political discussions and improper conduct of the men. The Army must have no enemies in the rear. On your prudence and judgment he relies to maintain the present status.

Appeals may be made to cross into Virginia to protect Union people under assurance that a small force only is required to present itself for disunion to hide its head and loyal people to flock to your banners. They must not be heeded. If, however, inroads are made into Maryland within your reach, the commanding general desires you to meet the invaders with a force which will ride down all opposition, and in all cases to return to your present camp. When practicable, the surprise of armed parties ill be effected. Brigadier-General William will be immediately in your rear, and is directed to sustain you in all cases.

I am, &amp;c.,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 8, 1861.

Brigadier General T. A. MORRIS,

Commanding U. S. Volunteers, Grafton, W. Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter introducing Mr. Philip Pendleton has been handed to me by that gentleman. Mr. Pendleton has given me much valuable information, and I am extremely gratified by your kindness in referring him to me. I request that you will not allow yourself to be hampered by the fear of trespassing on my department. I would suggest the propriety of securing Smith's farm and Paddytown and the bridges in their vicinity, with a view of cutting off such supplies as may be found in those neighborhoods, and dispersing any bodies of insurgents that you may meet, or who may assemble near your line of operations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON,

U. S. Forces, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: I think your expedition against Harper's Ferry well projected, and that success in it would be an important step in the war; but there

