
must be no reverse. Hence I have given you the best re-enforcements within my reach, and have just ordered Colonel Burnside's fine Rhode Island regiment of infantry, with its battery (abut 1,200 strong), to proceed to Carlisle, and there receive your orders. A company of the Fourth Artillery (to receive its horses and battery at Carlisle) with the battalion of the Third Infantry took the same route and with the same instructions yesterday. This battery may not be ready for you in time, though these heavy rains must swell the Potomac and delay your passage some days.

I am organizing, to aid you, a small secondary expedition under Colonel Stone. He will have about 2,500 men, including two troops of cavalry and a section (two pieces) of artillery.

the movements by road and canal will commence the 10th instant, and passing up the country, touching at Rockville, be directed upon the ferry opposite to Leesburg. This may be but a diversion in your favor, but possibly it may be turned into an effective co-operation. Colonel Stone will be instructed to open a communication with you if practicable, and you will make a corresponding effort on your part.

I do not distinctly foresee that we shall be able to make any diversion in your behalf on the other side of the Potomac beyond repairing the lower part of the railroad leading from Alexandria towards the Manassas Gap.

I have said that we must sustain no reverse; but this is not enough, a check or a drawn battle would be a victory to the enemy, filling his heart with joy, his ranks with men, and his magazines with voluntary contributions.

Take your measures, therefore, circumspectly; make a good use of your engineers and other experienced staff officers and generals, and attempt nothing without a clear prospect of success, as you will find the enemy strongly posted and not inferior to you in numbers.

With entire confidence in your valor and judgment, I remain, your brother soldier,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

FREDERICK CITY, MD., June 9, 1861.

General PATTERSON,

Commanding U. S. Forces at or near Chambersburg, Pa.:

Whereas Lieutenant-General Scott has authorized me, by an accredited messenger, to make a requisition upon you for a detachment of troops, to be sent to Frederick City, if in my discretion I deem it necessary for the public welfare; and whereas the city of Frederick is at any moment liable to attack by the rebels at Harper's Ferry and vicinity; and whereas stores and provisions are daily sent from this city and vicinity to Virginia, in aid and comfort of the enemy, I having no means at my disposal of preventing said transportation of stores and provisions:

Now, therefore, I, Thomas H. Hicks, governor of Maryland, do, by this my requisition, call upon you for such detachment of the troops under your command as you, in your military knowledge, may deem sufficient for the purposes indicated, provided your response for this requisition will not interfere with the safety of the great interests confided to you.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. HICKS.

