
CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 10, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland:

GOVERNOR: In response to the communication of the 9th instant, with which you have honored me, and to the call for protection you make upon the troops under my command, I have to inform you that the public interest in your vicinity, as well as in other portions of your State, have received my devoted attention, and that I am preparing to protect and secure you against molestation by the common enemy of our country; and I assure you that the people throughout your State, and especially in the vicinity of Frederick, shall have protection so soon as I can extend it consistently with the safety of other important interests confided to me and movements, one object of which is to rid you forever of the parties of whom you complain.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 10, 1861.

General R. PATTERSON, U. S. A.,

Chambersburg, Pa.:

The General-in-Chief says call the two regiments of Colonels Small and Einstein to your column. He thinks this will probably be as much addition as your will now require to your force.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, June 11, 1861.

Lieutenant General W. SCOTT:

Immediately upon receipt of your telegram of the 6th I gave orders to muster in Virginia troops for defense of the State. Counter order of Secretary of War received yesterday, and at once transmitted to General Morris at Grafton. Just received from him the following telegram:

If we don't muster Virginians into service according to proclamation and arm them, we must quit the territory or prepare to hold it with Federal troops. The strong motive of the move here is gone unless their volunteers are received. Such as volunteer for the service will not enter unconditionally, having not State aid. Small force of rebels can control numbers. Have already mustered some informally. When a regiment is ready it will not do to disband. The effect would be disastrous. It is the cheapest way to defend Western Virginia. It is the only way to unite her citizens. Other methods will fail.

I fully concur with General Morris and the leading men in Virginia, and think it would be impolitic to make further movements in Western Virginia at present unless we can follow it up by raising Virginia troops for their own defense. If decision cannot be reversed, shall troops now mustered in be disbanded? I beg and trust not.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

43 R R - VOL II

