
fifteen to for, which were carried off, supposed by friends,during the confusion incident to the pursuit of the enemy. A large amount of camp equipage, provisions, arms, wagons, horses and medical stores were captured, an inventory of which will be made as soon as possible.

Whilst I am happy to state that we have none killed, i am extremely sorry to report that the gallant Colonel Kelley, of the First Virginia Regiment, whilst leading the attack of his column, fell severely wounded by a pistol-shot in the right breast. The wound, supposed at first to be mortal, I am glad to know will only deprive us of his valuable counsels and assistance for a few weeks. Although he still suffers, his ultimate recovery may be now regrade as certain. Much of the success of our attack is due to him. His thorough knowledge of the country, his skill in rendering that knowledge available, his cool and unflinching courage, will deprive us for the time of a great support in our enterprise. [Sic.]

To Colonel Dumont, who led the column on the right, too much praise can scarcely be given. For his energy, tact, and cool daring we are greatly indebted.

I feel it would be a trespass upon your patience to enumerate all who deserve especial praise, and would revel you to the report herewith forwarded for mine information, both as respects individuals and the various commanders engaged. I cannot, however, conclude without expressing my obligations to Captain H. W. Benham, U. S. Engineers, for the valuable aid he has afforded me. Indeed, his great knowledge and experience are invaluable to me at all times, and particularly on this occasion.

Immediately after the action, knowing the exhausted condition of the officers and men, I dispatched, Captain Benham to the scene of action, gave him full command, and have the satisfaction to state that he restored order, and placed all in position to repel an attack with a promptness that exhibited his consummate ability and unbounded energy.

Justice obliges, me, in conclusion, to say, that of my staff brigade inspector, Major Love; my aide-de-camp, Captain Hassall, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General John A. Stein deserve all the encomiums that a deep sense of my depended upon my them obliges me to express. They are all thorough in their knowledge and untiring in their duties, and I feel sure that their services in my command will be duly appreciated by you, and be remembered, gratefully by all.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. MORRIS,

Brigadier General, Commanding U. S. Volunteers in Western Virginia.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio.

Numbers 3. Joint report of Colonel J. M Heck and Majors Cowan and Harman.

STAUNTON, VA., June 6, 1861.

Messrs. Spalding and Cook have just reached here, leaving Philippi on Monday morning. The Federal troops surprised Colonel Peterfield's command, opening fire upon the town with artillery, and drove us out, with a reported loss of about six killed and a considerable quantity of arms, baggage, and provisions. Much heavier loss to the enemy in men. McClellan led the Federal forces. Our forces retreated to Beverly.

