
APRIL 19, 1861. - Conflict between United States troops and mob in Baltimore, Md., and interruption of communication through that city with Washington.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1. - Colonel Edward F. Jones, Sixth Massachusetts Militia.

No. 2. - Board of Baltimore Police Commissioners.

No. 3. - Honorable George William Brown, Mayor of Baltimore.

No. 4. - Message of the Mayor of Baltimore.

No. 5. - Statement of George M. Hill.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward F. Jones, Sixth Massachusetts Militia.
HDQRS. 6TH REGIMENT, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., M. V. M.,Capitol, Washington, April 22, 1861.

In accordance with Special Orders, No. 6, I proceeded with my command towards the city of Washington, leaving Boston on the evening of the 17th April, arrived in New York on the morning of the 18th, and proceeded to Philadelphia, reaching that place on the same evening.

On our way John Brady, of Company H, Lowell, was taken insane, and deeming it unsafe to have him accompany the regiment, I left him at Delanco, N. J., with J. C. Buck, with directions that he should telegraph Mayor Sargent, of Lowell, as to the disposition of him, and we proceeded thence to Baltimore, reaching that place at noon on the 19th. After leaving Philadelphia I received intimation that our passage through the city of Baltimore would be resisted. I caused ammunition to be distributed and arms loaded, and went personally through the cars, and issued the following order, viz:

The regiment will march through Baltimore in column of sections, arms at will. You will undoubtedly be insulted, abused, and, perhaps, assaulted, to which you must pay no attention whatever, but march with your faces square to the front, and pay no attention to the mob, even if they throw stones, bricks, or other missiles; but of you are fired upon and any one of you is hit, your officers will order you to fire. Do not fire into any promiscuous crowds, but select any man whom you may see aiming at you, and be sure you drop him.

Reaching Baltimore, horses were attached the instant that the locomotive was detached, and the cars were driven at a rapid pace across the city. After the cars containing seven companies had reached the Washington depot the track behind them was barricaded, and the cars containing band and the following companies, viz: Company C, of Lowell, Captain Follansbee; Company D, of Lowell, Captain Hart; Company I, of Lawrence, Captain Pickering, and Company L, of Stoneham, Captain Dike, were vacated, and they proceeded but a short distance before they were furiously attacked by a shower of missiles, which came faster as they advanced. They increased their steps to double-quick, which seemed to infuriate the mob, as it evidently impressed the mob with the idea that the soldiers dated not fire of had no ammunition, and pistol-shots were numerously fired into the ranks, and one soldier fell dead. The order "Fire" was given, and it was executed. In consequence, several of the mob fell, and the soldiers again advanced hastily. The mayor of Baltimore placed himself at the head of the column beside Captain Follansbee, and proceeded with them a short distance, assuring him that he would protect them, and beginning him not to let the men fire; but the mayor's patience was soon exhausted, and he

