
son's force is now on this side, able to repel attack, the orders of General Scott will be at once obeyed.

See what a position this will leave these volunteers in! They are now keen for a fight. They must now stand on the defensive. Their time of enlistment will melt away, and they go home having done nothing, and little likely to enlist again. The demoralization of this column, of which so much was expected, will be generally injurious. Pray think whether it is not better either to leave it in strength to carry out the original plan, or to call it to Washington, via Frederick, to join in your general movements.

Remember, I write to you freely as an outsider, without presuming to criticism plans, and without knowledge of your precise condition. If you are in actual danger in Washington, we ought to be with you to share in it, or have strength to make a diversion in your favor.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, June 18, 1861-9.15 p. m.

General PATTERSON,Hagerstown:

I had expected you to recall the regulars on the reappearance on the Potomac of Johnston with a formidable body of troops, and to keep the former until the importance of that movement could be ascertained. I await information from you on that point. Keep the siege guns and the Perkins light battery.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

Do not omit so many words. Sentences too incomplete to be under stood.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Wiliamsport, June 18, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Pennsylvania:

MAJOR: Seven regiments of my division and the First Troop Philadelphia City Cavalry remained on the other side of the river all night, notwithstanding my positive orders to withdraw to this side. The only way I can account for this is by the supposition that the order may not have been properly communicated to them by the commanders of brigades. I must inquire into this.

Finding when the troops left here last night for Hagerstown that those expected did not arrive, I used effort to communicate with their commanding officers without success, I having no mounted men at my disposal. One of those, named Downs, at the suggestion of Ward H. Lamon, U. S. marshal, now with a regiment here, was sent a mile and a half from here on the order side of the river. Expecting from time to time that our troops would come over, and heaving no firing on the other side, as it became late we concluded not to send more troops over, but to remain in a state of readiness to cover their retreat or to defended this position in case of our being attacked. We had a force ready at the ford and a regiment advanced up the river westwardly all night. We intended at daylight to cross the river if occasion should require it. I am happy now to report the safety of our forces on the other side in Virginia, and that we are withdrawing them as speedily as

