
we can without loss or injury to property. The ford is about four feet deep at present, and there are many large stones or rocks that are in the way and render us liable to accidents in crossing.

I am now endeavoring to reach the truth in relation to whether or not there is really a large force of rebels near to us, as is universally asserted here. I shall make another attempt to bring here George W. Curtis, who is referred to in the note I send. It was stated he saw the force; that he was confident that there could not have been less than 14,000 men, and that General Johnston was with them. How any plans are to be formed without knowing the truth of this report appears to me to be impassible, and it may be intended that he is to be ubiquitous, and that he is at one time to threaten Washington by uniting with the forces there, and at another to appear here or in the West, keeping our forces moving around the outside of a circle, whilst he is moving across the center. It may be that our movement on Sunday to the other side of the river has invited him to take up a position at Martinsburg to follow our rear, his position being state to be two miles southeast of that place. General Johnston knew, no doubt, the number of our wagons, and that we would not have been prepared to subsist our column without receiving supplies from the rear, which he would have been in a position to cut off.

You will observe from Colonel Wallace's letter that he thinks the troops went westward after abandoning Harper's Ferry. He speaker of their attacking General Morris. Our movement over the river may have drawn them back. I send you the order which I sent over the river last night by the man who was shot, and which they did not receive. It was brought back to me this morning. As soon as we can ascertain with certainty the position of Johnston and his troops we will be able to know what to do. Two messengers have just come in, confirming accounts of large forces near Martinsburg and Darkesville. Major Sherman is here. I will write again.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Commanding First Division.

CUMBERLAND, June 18, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER:

Received your letter by messenger. Have in hand eight days' provisions brought from Indiana; also transportation wagons, which I will keep. Scouts been nearly to Romney. No sight of enemy. Hope the ruse was unsuccessful. Caliber of guns .54 inch. Beg the general for God's sake not to leave me behind when he marches. I want to show him how we can fight. Can't we get of the idle Indiana or Ohio regiments here?

LEW. WALLACE,

Colonel Eleventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS, Havre de Grace, Md., June 18, 1861.

Major FITZ J. PORTER,

A. A. G., Dep't of Pennsylvania, Chambersburg, Pa.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that this command occupies the several stations on the Philadelphia and Baltimore Railroad, with one company on the Delaware and Chesapeake Canal. The divided state of the com-

