HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1861.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,New York:

Come to me at the first convenient moment. I shall charge you with the command of the Alexandria and Arlighton Department, the next to the enemy, containing five brigades. I shall do what I can to give you some regular staff officers. Brig horses with you.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

CINCINNATI, June 19, 1861.

General WINFIELD SCOTT:

If you will order Patterson to send a strong column on Cumberland and thence on Romney, we will cut off the whole rebel force that now threatens Piedmont, Grafton, and Cumberland. I shall move from Parkersburg some time to-morrow, fight everything I meet, take Beverly as my point of direction, and trust to you carrying out my suggestion for catching the whole rebel crew. After completing this I propose to clear out the Kanawha.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

CINCINNATI, June 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

I learn that the enemy is in front of Piedmont in force; also moving on Grafton and Clarsburg from Beverly. Will go in person to take command to-day with five additional regiments, one battery, two companies cavalry. Movement on Grafton appears more important than that in valley of Kanawha. Had arranged to reach Kanawha to-morrow. Will now defer it until ceratin bridge burned eight miles east of Piedmont. Patterson better re-enforce Cumberland at once.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1861-9.45 p. m.

General McCLELLAN,

U. S. A., Cincinnati:

I do not credit the existence of any formidable rebel force in the mountains to disturb Wallace, and have so said to Patterson; but have desired him, as I desire you, to act on any better information possessed.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 19, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I avail myself of the opportunity to send to Washington to inform the General-in-Chief that I have not as yet received the transportation which he assured me I should have, and for which, I doubt not, he gave orders. I have waited impatiently, but with resignation, because I supposed that the exigencies of the service required so much

