
preciate the difficulties you have had to encounter. General R. s. Garnett, C. S. Army, has been sent to take command in the Northwest with such a force as was disposable. It is hoped that he will soon reach the scene of action, that a more agreeable state of hinges will be inaugurated, and that load spirited citizens, of the country will be encouraged sand enabled to put down the revolution which you mention. Your services will be very valuable to General Garnett, in giving him information as to the state of affairs in the country under his command, and in aiding him to achieve the object of his campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE A. PORTERFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Huttonsville Va.

Numbers 6. Findings of the Court of Inquiry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,

Numbers 30. Richmond, Va., July 4, 1861.

I. -The court of inquiry, which convened at Beverly on the 20th ultimo, at the request of Colonel G. A. Porterfield, of the Virginia Volunteers, to examine into the circumstances of the retreat of the Virginia forces from Philippi on the 3rd of June, under his command, ash reported the following facts in the case:

A force of Virginia troops, consisting of some six hundred effective infantry (or thereabouts), and one hundred and seventy-five cavalry (or thereabouts), sufficient well armed, but badly and insufficiently supplied with the necessary accouterments and ammunition, was stationed at Philippi, Barbour County, virginia, on the morning of June 3, 1861 (where they had been for six or seven days), under the command of Colonel George A. porterfield, of the Virginia Volunteers.

On the morning of the day just indicated, at between daybreak and sunrise,this command was attacked and taken by surprise; no alarms or intimation of the enemy's approach having been given by the guard or infantry pickets, until the enemy was within some four hundred yards of the place, and had commenced the fire from his artillery. By the examination it is shown that amain and picket guard, as strong as was consistent with the effective infantry force present, was regularly force present, was regularly detailed and posted at distances sufficiently far out to accomplish the object in view, provided they knew and did their duty, which latter is failed to give any intimation of the enemy's approach a conclusion which is strengthened by the officers out with the scouting parties on the night of June 2, that they had neither seen an infantry picket nor been challenged by its sentinels, going from or returning to the town that night. It appears that, immediately upon the arrival of the command of Philippi the officer in command, Colonel Parterfield, took measures to place his force, which was raw and new in services under a course of instruction, and to select those, in his opinion best fitted to instruct the sentinels and guards in their duties. The testimony shows that, while there was a certain degree of confusion in some quarters, a portion of the command moved from the down in good order, and that the whole force, nearly after passing some distance from the town, was reformed, and proceeded in order.

