
The failure hitherto of the State authorities, in consequence of the circumstances to which I have adverted, to organize its quota of troops called for by the President, imposed upon him the necessity of providing himself for their organization, and this has been done to some extent; but instructions have now been given to the agent of the Federal Government to proceed hereafter under your directions, and the company and field officers will be commissioned by you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

Major General N., P. BANKS, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department of Annapolis, Fort McHenry, Md.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief has heard that on several occasions, when troops have arrived in Baltimore from the North, the police and others have interfered to prevent friendly persons from furnishing them with water at the depot. Two worthy quakers, named William Robinson and James D. Grahan, have, it seems, been threatened with violence for no other cause than this. The General asks your attention to this matter, and suggests that by having a detachment of your troops at the depot at the proper time the regiments arriving might be duly supplied with water.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Hagerstown, Md., June 25, 1861.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

GOVERNOR: As in the course of the military operations of the command now in this department this force may be withdrawn form this vicinity and that of Frederick and Cumberland, leaving the frontier of Pennsylvania unprotected, I consider it my duty to notify you, that you may take such steps as may appear to you proper to be prepared to defend you State from encroachment should the offensive be assumed by the insurgents. As you now have a considerable force of reserve troops, which at any moment the General Government might wish to use for common defense, I trust you will pardon me for suggesting that they be posted at points on the frontier of Pennsylvania which to my mind are the most exposed, and from which at any moment, if the Government desired their services, they could be pushed as Federal troops into this State, or sent by rail to other threatened parts of our country. The places of importance in a military point of view are Bedford, Chambersburg, Hanover or Gettysburg, and York. State troops at these points would sustain U. S. forces in Maryland, and check, in case of their being withdrawn, encroachments from Virginia. York has the additional advantage of supporting Hanover, and of being on an easy line of communication with Washington. At all of them a Federal officer, authorized by the Government, can speedily turn the State into Federal troops, and throw them where they may be required.

