
I respectfully present this subject to your consideration,m trusting my views may meet your approbation, and be found to coincide with State policy in authorizing a reserve of State troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON:

SIR: I have received your letters of the 22nd and 23rd instant.

As the enemy on breaking up at Harper's Ferry did not abandon that district of country, but still continues in force between Winchester and the Potomac, observing that river from Harper's Ferry to Williamsport, I deem it best that you should with your column remain in his front, and if, as is supposed, with superior or equal numbers, that you should cross the river and offers him battle; but if the enemy should retire upon his resources at Winchester it is not enjoined that you should pursue him to that distance from your base of operations without a well-grounded confidence in your continued superiority.

A secondary object to which your attention is invited is a combined operation upon Leesburg between a portion of your troops and the column of Colonel Stone, at and (possibly) above the Point of Rocks, in order to occupy and to hold that village, the center of a wealthy district, abounding in friends of the Union. As I write I learn from Colonel Stone that the enemy has just re-enforced Leesburg up to about 1,600 men, and may increase that number. Inquire.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

Major General R. PATTERSON,

Hagerstown, Md., via Harrisburg and Chambersburg, Pa.:

I wrote by mail in substance. Remain in front of the enemy while he continues in force between Winchester and the Potomac. If you are in superior or equal force, you may cross and offer him battle. If the enemy should retire upon his resources at Winchester, it is not enjoined that you should pursue him to that distance from your base of operations without a well-grounded confidence in your continued superiority. Your attention is invited to a secondary object-a combined operation on Leesburg between a portion of you troops and the column of Colonel Stone, at and probably above Point of Rocks, to hold that village. The enemy has re-enforced Leesburg to 1,600 men, and may increase the number. Inquire.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

HAGERSTOWN, June 25, 1861.

Colonel TOWNSEND,

Headquarters Army:

Restrained by an order from General McClellan (as he says a sharp reprimand for attempting to move), Wallace remains in Cumberland to await the result of some of General McClellan's movements. He asks

