
Massachusetts regimens into the town of Hampton, and directed [them] to extend their pickets as far as New Market Bridge, and to hold the road to Newport News, that being at the corner of the road, seven miles from that post, so as to be ready to act in conjunction with my forces there in case of an attack, and also to hold the peninsula of Elizabeth City Country, in the neighborhood of Fort Monroe, thus keeping open communication to Newport News both by land and water. I have further to report the arrest of Colonel Allen, of the First New York Volunteers, under the following state of facts:

There was a wheat field of some twenty-five acres belonging to the Twine estate, owned by a widow and some minor heirs, as I am informed oath of allegiance and giving parole not in any way to aid, counsel, or advise the enemies of the United States. Colonel Allen, against express orders, coursed the creek near Hampton by the police guard there stationed. A small detachment of his men proceeded to the ground, arrested the parties for no other offense, as he states, save that they were getting the wheat, and sent them, six in number, to For Monroe and to my headquarters (which was also again orders), and ordered the wheat field to be set on fire, which was done, and the crop consumed. Upon report of these facts by General pierce in the form of charges against Colonel Allen, and upon other charges affecting his personal habits, substantial verified by evidence, I caused him to be arrested habits, substantially verified by evidence, I caused him to be arrested and held for trial. I have caused enlisted men to be punished for the destruction of private property, and I believe this act of Colonel Allen was a most unnecessary, not to say wagon, destruction and waste. The place where it happened was wholly within our control, and if there had been any attempt an improper use being made of the wheat, it might easily have been brought within our camp and served some good purpose at least. I trust that this action will receive the approbation of the General Commanding, because it has become necessary, in order to prevent such destruction and waste of the property of our enemies even as will disgrace us.

When I last had the pleasure and honor of an interview whit the Lieutenant-General Commanding, I was assured that Major Mackall would be detailed as assistant adjutant-general as soon as he returned from the Pacific coast. I am now using the services (and necessarily) without compensation of the adjutant of this post. I pray leave to call the attention of the General to this fact, and to ask that Major Mackall, or some assistant adjutant-general, amy be detailed here.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 3, 1861.

His Excellency Governor PEIRPOINT,

Wheeling, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your of your communication, dated the 28th ultimo. A requisition for camp equipage, &amp;c., has already been made by Major-General McClellan upon the Quartermaster's Department, and an order in his favor has been issued for as many as the Government could supply. the remainder he was authorized to procure through the quartermaster under his command. This Department fully appreciates the importance of arming the troops whom you report ready for service, and has referred the subject to the Ordnance

