
Major-General Banks regrets the delay with which the orders of the General-in-Chief in the case have been carried out. It was to a great extent unavoidable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS, Fort McHenry, July 10, 1861.

GEORGE R. DODGE,Marshal of Police, Baltimore:

SIR: It having been reported to the general commanding the Department of Annapolis, by reliable authority, that plans are maturing for the capture of one or more of the steamers which ply between the city of Baltimore and the Patuxent River, the general wishes you to stop the steamers until further orders from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: I have the honor to request that the disposable effective marines now here may be organized into a battalion and held in readiness to march of field service, and that the officers commanding the battalion be instructed to report to Brigader-General McDowell and receive his orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DELAWARE REGIMENT, Havre de Grace, Md., July 13, 1861.

S. M. FELTON,Pres. P., W. &amp; B. R. R., Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I beg leave to lay before you and the board of directors of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad Company a communication from the officers of Company D, of this regiment, which has for two months past been posted at the east end of Bush River railroad bridge. This letter was elicited by me from them, and is not known to Miss Bowman or any of her father's family. The highly remarkable conduct of Miss Bowman calls, in my opinion, for some substantial reward from your honorable board, and I doubt not that they will be as ready to give as I am pleased to suggest the same. She is quite young, apparently not over 22 or 23, and really, for her station in life, quite an attractive young person. I have found her modest and retiring, and this character is given to her by the officers. I hope you will excuse me for troubling you with this matter, but I feel that I am only doing an act of justice to a worthy family by so doing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Colonel First Delaware Regiment.

