
[Inclosure.]

CAMP DARE, AT BUSH RIVER, July 11, 1861.

Colonel H. H. LOCKSWOOD:

SIR: As a part of the command stationed on the line of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad, we deem it but right and proper to make known to you the heroic conduct of the daughter of Mr. Bowman, the keeper of the brigade at this place, on the night of the burning of the bridge at this place, on the night of the burning of the bridge by Trimble and his men. From Mr. Smith, the master carpenter of the road, and others who were present on the occasion, we have learned the following particulars:

When the train bearing the bridge-burners had crossed the bridge, and Trimble had drawn his men in line immediately in front of Mr. Bowman's house, the object of their coming was announced in the hearing of Miss Jane by Trimble himself. She pronounced him a coward, and in a loud voice called upon the men, who had been armed by the road and placed there to protect the bridge, to defend it, and when she saw these men throw away their arms, some of them taking to the woods and others hiding within her father's house, she called upon them again not to run, but to stand fast and show themselves to be men. At this time, seeing one of the pistols lying upon the floor of the porch, which had been thrown away by one of the bridge-guards, she picked it up and ran with it. Meeting Mr. Smith she gave it to him, saying at the same time, "Use it; if you will not, I will."

Another evidence of the wonderful courage and presence of mind of Miss Jane was shown in her anxiety for the safety of one of the men employed by her father to assist him in taking care of the bridge. This man was on the draw at the time the firing of the bridge commenced. Miss Jane was the first to think of him, and promptly called upon her father, or some one, to go for him in a boat, saying, "If no one else will go, I will."

In conclusion, permit us to say that such heroism in a young lady as shown in the conduct of Miss Bowman on this occasion has rarely been met with anywhere, and, in our opinion, should not be suffered to go unrewarded.

JAMES GREEN,

Captain Company D, First Delaware Volunteers.

E. J. SMITHERS,

First Lieutenant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS, Fort McHenry, Md., July 14, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: By direction of Major-General Banks, I have the honor to report, for the information of the General-in-Chief, that the schooner Georgiana, owned by Thomas and his party, and with which a portion of them had been lying in wait for the capture of other steamers from Baltimore, has been taken possession of, and is now at the dock of this post, having been run aground and deserter by the crew. No capture of rebels was made on board of her.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

