
GENERAL ORDERS, ARMY OF OCCUPATION, W. VIRGINIA,

Numbers 1. Huttonsville, Va., July 15, 1861.

The commanding general has experienced much embarrassment during the progress of this campaign from the want of early information regarding the movements of distant detachment within his command.

The success of the operations of the main column are in a great degree intimately connected with and dependent upon the subordinate auxiliary advised of the exact condition of those commands the service must suffer.

In view of this it is directed that all commanders of detachments and post in Western Virginia make daily reports to these headquarters, showing the true state of their commands, all movements of the enemy, and such other information as it may be important for the commanding general to know.

These daily reports will be forwarded by the most expeditious methods of communication.

By order of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR BEVERLY, July 16, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

In view of the large call of the President for troops, and of the probable demands for operations in my department, I would respectfully urge upon the General-in-Chief the propriety of accepting for three years' service the Ninth Regiment of Ohio State troops now in this department, instead of forming four regiments from among them, as is now contemplated by existing orders. Much valuable time and a great deal of annoyance and ill-feeling would be saved by this course, by which also I think the mass of the men may be retained for the three-years' service. I also ask ten authority to send recruiting parties to fill these regiments to the maximum standard. I am emboldened to make this request by the necessities of the service. I also ask authority to muster into the three-years' service Burdsal's company of Ohio Cavalry, now service with me under the State organization. An early reply by telegraph is requested.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

The Secretary says take the cavalry company. As for the other proposition, please talk with Secretary and send over word to General Scott as early as convenient.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, July 17, [1861].

General McDOWELL:

In case of emergency, a reserve is held ready for you in Washington.

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

