
engaged in these acts. This is of but little moment; since the individuals are not found out, we are all alike disgraced.

Commanders of regiments will select a commissioned officer as regimental provost-marshal, and ten men as a permanent police force under him whose special and sole duty it shall be to preserve the property from depredation, and arrest all wag-doers, of whatever regiment or corps they may be. Any one found committing the slightest depredations, killing pigs or poultry, or trespassing on the property of the inhabitants, will be reported to headquarters, and the least that will be done to them will be to send them to the Alexandria jail.

It is again ordered that no one shall arrest or attempt to arrest any citizen not in arms at this time, or search or attempt to search any house, or even to enter the same, without permission.

The troops must behave themselves with as much forbearance and propriety as if they were at their own homes. They are here to fight the enemies of the country, not to judge and punish the unarmed and helpless, however guilty they may be. When necessary, that will be done by the proper persons.

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington City, July 18, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Bever, Va.:

No surplus transportation at Leavenworth.

Dickerson at Cincinnati reports two or three horses on hand.

I have order large quantities of wagons built at Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Wheeling, and other points; informed Captain Craig some days ago of names, and authorized him to order the wagons for you. I have also directed the builders to fill his orders.

In extremity, I advise you to buy the country wagons and horses and give orders on the quartermaster for payment.

Drafts on this department will be honored if indorsed by you.

General Lyon obtained funds and transportation in Missouri by this means, and it had a good effect on the people.

Endeavor to draw horses and transportation from loyal parts of Kentucky and Tennessee. This will confirm the loyalty of the districts benefitted.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

BEVERLY, July 20, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Nothing new to-day except confirmation of Cox's check.* I am gathering a column to accompany me via Summersville; it is slow work, and the desistance is great. What news from Manassas? I anxiously await it.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

---------------

*See McClellan's reports, p. 288.

---------------

