HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, July 20, 1861.

Colonel D. E. SICKLES,Staten Island, N. Y.:

Lieutenant-General Scott desires that as many of the regiments under your command as are accepted, mustered into service, armed and ready, be without delay put en route to Harper's Ferry, and there join the army under General Patterson in the valley of the Shenandoah.*

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 37. Centreville, July 20, 1861.

The general commanding has learned with regret that the term of service of the Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is about to expire. The services of this regiment have been so important, its good conduct so general, its patience under privations so constant, its state of efficiency so good, that the departure of the regiment at this time can only be considered an important loss to the Army.

Fully recognizing the right of the regiment to its discharge and payment at the time agreed upon when it was mustard into the service, and determined to carry out literally the agreement of the Government in this respect, the general commanding, nevertheless, requests the regiment to continue in service a few days longer, pledging himself that the postponement of the date of muster out of service shall not exceed two weeks. Such members of the regiment as do not accede to this request will be placed under the command of proper officers to be marched to the rear, mustered out of service, and paid as soon as possible after the expiration of their terms of service.

By command of General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEP'T NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 39. Centreville, July 20, 1861.

1. The Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, having completed the period of its enlistment, is herb honorably discharged from the service of the United States. The regiment will, under command of the lieutenant-colonel, take up the march to-morrow for Alexandria, and on its arrival at that place will report to General Runyon to be mustered out of the service.

2. Colonel Hartranft, Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, having volunteered his services, is assigned to duty on the staff of Colonel Franklin, commanding brigade.

3. Captain Varian's battery of light artillery, attached to the Eighth Regiment New York State Militia, having completed the period of its enlistment, is honorably discharged from the service of the Union States, and will march to Alexandria and report to General Runyon to be mustered out of the service.

The material of the battery will be turned over to the ordnance officer of this command.

By order of General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Destination changed to Washington.

---------------

