
over to the city; their arrival here would produce a panic on this side and cause more trouble.

The enemy is still pressing McDowell, and you need every man in the forts to save the city.

Now is your time for effectual service.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

FORT CORCORAN, July 22, 1861-10.11.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I have this moment ridden in [with], I hope, the rear men of my brigade, which, in common with our whole Army, has sustained a terrible defeat and has degenerated into an armed mob.

I know not if I command, but at this moment I will act as such, and shall consider as addressed to me the dispatch of the Secretary of this date.

I propose to strengthen the garrisons of Fort Corcoran, Fort Bennett, the redoubt on Arlington road, and the block-houses; and to aid me in stopping the flight, I ask you to order the ferry to transport no one across without my orders or those of some superior.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 22, 1861-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General McDOWELL, U. S. A, Arlington, Va.:

Bring no troops with you. The successor in the Ohio Department may need them all in Western Virginia, including the five new regiments from Ohio in addition, and others probably from Indiana.

WINFIELD SCOTT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY, July 22, 1861.

Brigadier-General McDOWELL, U. S. A, Arlington, Va.:

Captain Wright, Engineers, is detached from your department. Send another engineer in his place.

For the garrison of the forts and their support, fifteen regiments and such field batteries as you deem necessary will be retained in your department. The General-in-Chief desires you to send over to this side all the remaining troops and all the wagons and teams not absolutely needed for your purposes.

Send in the wagons all the camp equipage not required by your fifteen regiments.

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY, July 22, 1861.

General McDOWELL, U. S. A., Arlington:

General Scott says it is not intended you should reduce your com

