
mand to the minimum number of regiments mentioned by him (fifteen) to-day, but if the enemy will permit, you can take to-morrow or even the next day for the purpose.

E. D. TOWNSEND.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY, July 22, 1861.

Colonel McCUNN, Alexandria:

The officers and non-commissioned officers of companies and regiments should collect their men and keep them together as well as they can. A few of each regiment will soon form a body for all to rally on, and the place where provisions are issued to as regiment will be the best point to collect its men if issue is made there to men of no other regiment. A drum or bugle at such points will attract the men.

Respectfully,E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 22, 1861.

MOSES H. GRINNELL, SIMEON DRAPER, ALEXANDER HAMILTON, Jr.:

GENTLEMEN: In reply to your telegram will say, cheer our friends to active exertions, in order that we may speedily retrieve our misfortune of yesterday. We are making most vigorous efforts to concentrate a large and irresistible army at this point. Regiments are arriving, and many have left for the capital. Our works on the south bank of Potomac are impregnable, being well manned with re-enforcements. The capital is safe.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 22, 1861.

C. A. STETSON, Astor House, New York:

In reply to your dispatch, I am happy to be able to say that our loss is much less than was at first represented, and the troops have reached the forts in much better condition than we expected. The Department is making vigorous exertions to concentrate at this point an overwhelming force, and the response from all quarters has been truly patriotic. A number of regiments have arrived since last evening. There is no danger of the capital nor of the Republic.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 22, 1861.

T. A. SCOTT:

Shall I allow anything to go forward this morning?

B. P. SNYDER.

[Indorsement.]

You may allow messages to go East, in substance what General Scott stated to McClellan by cipher message;* but do not give it official from or refer to the General.

---------------

*Page 752.

---------------

