HEADQUARTERS ARMY, July 25, 1861.

General McDOWELL, U. S. A., Arlington:

General Scott says he hears some of your regiments are too far advanced, particularly between Little River turnpike and old Fairfax road, being three to five miles out. Examine carefully that part of your line; draw the troops nearer in before dark, and strengthen it by approximation.

E. D. TOWNSEND.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 25, 1861.

General DIX, Commanding, &amp;c., Baltimore:

Of the four and a half regiments long-term volunteers, which will be up at Baltimore Friday night, retain two and send hither the remaining two and a half, including Baker's regiment and a half. I have just learned that the Northern Central Railroad from Baltimore is without protection, the Pennsylvania, troops guarding it being discharged. Look tot he security of that road. I ask your attention to Annapolis and the railroad leading to it, as in a possible case we may again be thrown upon that line of communication with the North.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION W. VA.,

Numbers 1. Grafton, July 25, 1861.

1. By authority of the War department, Major-General McClellan has been relieved from the command of the Department of the Ohio and ordered to Washington. The command of the Department of the Ohio, of which the Army of Occupation Western Virginia is a part, devolves upon Brigadier-General Rosecrans, U. S. Army, who assumes the command.

2. The first brigade of the Army of Occupation will, until further orders, consist of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Indiana and Third Ohio Regiments, Burdsal's cavalry, and Loomis' battery, to which will also be attached the depot of Beverly, consisting of the Sixth Ohio, detachments of First and Second Virginia Regiments, and Bracken's cavalry.

3. The second brigade will consist of the Seventh, Tenth, Thirteenth, Seventeenth Ohio, Mack's battery, and Schambeck's cavalry.

4. The third brigade will consist of the Ninth and Fourth Ohio, and Howe's battery, and continue, until further orders, under command of Colonel Robert L. McCook, U. S. Volunteer Infantry.

5. The fourth, consisting of the First and Second Kentucky, Eleventh and Twelfth Ohio Regiments, U. S. Volunteers Infantry, the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and portions of the Eighteenth and Twenty-second Ohio Volunteer Militia, the Ironton Cavalry, and such others as may, hereafter be attached, will be called the "Brigade of the Kanawha," and will be commanded by Brigadier-General Cox, U. S. Volunteer Infantry.

6. The brigadier-general commanding desires all officers and soldiers under his command to be animated by the true spirit of the soldier. Let us remember that only by patient training, watchfulness, and care may we expect to roll back the tide which has for the moment checked

