
wards has two 10-pounder Parrott guns, 75 men; Griggin has one 10-pounder, rifled, 120 men.

Platt and Griffin are to have two additional light 12-pounders each. They will soon be ready for issue from the arsenal. There are five 10-pounder rifles now preparing. Three will be given to Griffin and two to Tidball, and others are being prepared for issue. when the guns, howitzers, &amp;c., are received, the batteries will be composed as follows: Platt, six light 12-pounders; Tidball, Greene, and Ayres, four 10-pounder Parrotts and two 12-pounder howitzers each; Carlisle and Edwards, two 20-pounder Parrotts and two 24-pounder howitzers each; Griffin, four 10-pounder Parrotts and two light 12-pounders; Arnold, four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers.

I further propose to equip Captain Bookwood's company, of Von Steinwehr's German regiment, with four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers. Captain Bookwood brought of the Varian battery from the field-that is, the guns and one caisson-when that battery was abandoned by its company. His company has a number of German artillerists, and he can easily fill up with instructed men from the brigade of German regiments (Blenker's) to which I propose the battery be attached.

The German regiments contain a number of artillery officers and soldiers. I suggested the propriety of placing, for the present at least, those regiments in the forts, that the guns may be served by drafts from the instructed men. One company, Captain Morozoviecz's, of the De Kalb regiment, is composed almost exclusively of old German artillery soldiers, and should there be lack of field artillery, could readily be made available.

Respectfully, &c.,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major, and Chief of Artillery.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 2. Washington, July 30, 1861.

The general commanding the division has, with much regret, observed that large numbers of officers and men stationed in the vicinity of Washington are in the habit of frequenting the streets and hotels of the city.

This practice is eminently prejudicial to good order and military discipline, and must at once be discontinued.

The time and services of all persons connected with this division should be devoted to their appropriate duties with their respective commands. It is therefore directed that hereafter no officer or soldier be allowed to absent himself from his camp and visit Washington, except for the performance of some public duty, or for the transaction of important private business, for which purposes written permits will be given by the commanders of brigades. The permit will state the object of the visit.

Brigade commanders will be held responsible for the strict execution of this order.

Colonel Andrew Porter, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, is detailed for temporary duty as provost-marshal in Washington, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Colonel Porter will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

49 R R-VOL II

