
Harman's nine hundred and fifty-five, and General Meem's four hundred and six. About one hundred and fifty, however, of the troops included in General Harman's command belong properly to that of General Meem's. The times are exciting; but, if possible, I would be glad to receive some written instructions from you. I expect, from news just received, and additional force to-morrow of five hundred men. If needed, I could have thousands. Not knowing, however, the extent of your orders, I have concluded to "trust in God and keep my powder dry."

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

KENTON HARPER,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 22, 1861.

Governor JOHN LETCHER, Richmond, Va.:

In addition to the forces heretofore ordered, requisitions have been made for thirteen regiments, eight to rendezvous at Lynchburg, four at Richmond, and one at Harper's Ferry. Sustain Baltimore, if practicable. We re-enforce you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

Extracts from the proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

MONDAY, April 22, 1861.

Present, the whole council.

A telegram from John S. Barbour, jr., confidential agent of the Government at Alexandria, asking fort arms for the Maryland troops to enable them to resist the passage of Northern troops to Washington, who are said to be now concentrating near Baltimore, was submitted to the council by the governor for advice.

Whereupon his excellency was respectfully advised to send the following telegram to Mr. Barbour:

Telegraph received. Major General Kenton Harper, in command at Harper's Ferry, is hereby ordered to deliver to General Steuart, at Baltimore, one thousand of the arms recently taken at Harper's Ferry.

And--

It was also advised that the following telegram be sent to the governor of Tennessee:

The condition of affairs in Maryland and Virginia makes it important that we should know how far we may rely upon the co-operation of Tennessee to repel an invasion of our common rights. Please communicate fully and without reserve.

Answer at once.

Ordered, That the governor be respectfully advised to communicate to the Convention, in secret session, the purport of the telegram in reference to the loan of arms to General Steuart, commanding the Maryland troops; and also the telegram advised to be forwarded to the governor of Tennessee.

* * * * * *

Ordered, That the governor be respectfully advised to authorize the

