
Split Rock Bluff, as the channel can be commanded from that point by guns of sufficient caliber. A battery on Cream Point would invite attack, and being separated from the landing by Aquia Creek, would be difficult to hold. We do not think the place worth fortifying, and would respectfully recommend that a small force of ten or twenty men be kept there, to keep off any boats that might attempt to land there, and be employed in loading cars, which should be sent to remove the iron and timber to Fredericksburg at once; that the captains of the vessels be allowed to sail with their vessels at their pleasure. While the enemy holds the Potomac the steamer is of no value to us, and we have not the slightest idea that the enemy will make the attempt to possess themselves of it. The men kept there should be required to give information to headquarters of any attempt of the enemy to land there in force, which would be indicated by the number of vessels in the offing, and not allowed to harass the inhabitants by reporting every vessel they see in the river.

Very respectfully submitted by

THOMAS H. WILLIAMSON,

Major of Engineers, Virginia Army.

H. H. LEWIS,

Lieutenant, Virginia Navy.

P. S.-William H. Kerr, brigade inspector, concurs in this report.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., April 25, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

The following communications have just been received:

Major John Lee, of Orange, has just been informed by Richard L. Brown, late a clerk in the Treasury Department, and just from Washington, having resigned his place, and by Mr. Curry, a friend of Mr. Brockenbridge, likewise lately resigned from his position as clerk of one of the Departments, that the Seventh Regiment has certainly position as clerk of one of the Department, that the Seventh Regiment has certainly arrived in Washington; that communications are open with Annapolis; that cars are constantly bringing troops, to be followed by very large bodies to the amount of twenty or twenty-five thousand troops, and that the purpose of the administration is to forage both Maryland and Virginia for supplies, and to push the war in this State. Their pickets are said to have been down below the Long Bridge last night, and it is said that Alexandria is in imminent peril of being occupied by the U. S. troop.

WM. H. LEE.

APRIL 25.

DEAR STEUART: We have later news from Annapolis. Twelve thousand additional troops landed there yesterday. They have possession of the city, and are sending forces on the line of the road. They say they are going to take military possession of our State permanently. Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, is reported in Annapolis, and Sumner is to follow. They are to establish a civil commission, to supersede our State government. The last troops were brought from New York, and the steamers went back for more. A movement will be made on Baltimore from north and south. It is thought Fort McHenry will be assaulted to-day. It is no time for Virginia to stand on etiquette. Let her come and capture Fort Washington. Our legislature meets at Frederick City to-morrow, Annapolis being in the hands of the enemy.

Your, &amp;c.,

E. W. BELL.

The above is brought by one of our most reliable citizens direct. Answer immediately.

PHILIP ST. GEO. COCKE,

Brigadier-General.

