
were on the rampart, and the platform nearly ready to receive them. Penner's Point work is to be commenced to-day by the Navy Department. Craney Island is ready for the platform and guns. One lighter, carrying four 9-inch columbiads, with fifty rounds of ammunition for each, was ordered down yesterday p. m.

Last evening Assistant Engineer Sharp was detailed to make an examination of the approaches to the city and navy-yard, and to prepare map of the country lying between the Elizabeth River and East Branch, within ten miles of this place. Mr. Conway Howard was detailed to assist him.

I have unofficially learned that a battery of four guns is under construction, by the residents, near Bushy Bluff, which I contemplate visiting in the course of the day. Further examinations will be made this side of Soller's Point for more favorable ground before commencing works at Soller's Point.

Most respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

ANDREW TALCOTT,

Engineer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,

Numbers 3. Richmond, Va., April 26, 1861.

Major General Joseph E. Johnston, of the Virginia volunteers, is for the present assigned to the command of all the State forces in and about Richmond.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Numbers 2. Richmond, Va., April 26, 1861.

Major General Walter Gwynn, of the Virginia volunteers, has been assigned to the chief command of the State forces in and about the city of Norfolk. In exercising that command, it is desired that he advise with, and, as far as practicable, act in relation to naval matters in consonance with the views of the senior naval officer present. It is further suggested that the interest of the State might be best served by employing naval officers in the construction and service of water batteries, or such as are intended to act against shipping.

By command of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, April 26, 1861.

Governor JOHN LETCHER, Richmond, Va.:

The convention between your commonwealth and this Government places at the disposal of the President the military force of Virginia. Will you therefore inform me of what this force consists, and at what points and in what numbers it is being rendezvoused. For action here an early answer is requested.

L. P. WALKER.

