
Lay off the works and leave their constructions to Lieutenant C. Ap R. Jones, Virginia Navy, who will accompany you. You will then proceed to the mouth of the Appomattox, and there perform the same service, selecting some point below the mouth of that river, supposed to be old Fort Powhatan. Captain Cock will take charge of the construction of this work. Be pleased to give the above-mentioned officers such instructions as they may require in the constructions of these works, and report what you shall have done.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General, Virginia Army, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that there are three light artillery batteries now together at the artillery barracks, Baptist Seminary, viz: Randolph's (of six pieces, called the Howitzer Battery), Cabell's (four pieces of light artillery), and Latham's (four pieces of light artillery). Two pieces will be added to Randolph's battery, he having two hundred and twenty-five drilled men in his company. I propose that these two pieces should be Parrotts rifled cannon, as being more nearly the weight of Randolph's howitzers, which are of the Dahlgren pattern.

I have to request that the battery of rifled cannon (Parrots), now in charge of Captain Walker, and some forty men, not mustered into service, and now at Fredericksburg, Va., be ordered to the artillery barracks near this place, and, after turning over their cannon and implements, that Captain Walker's company (if it can be made up to its proper complement) be received into the artillery service and drilled, so as to be ready for service with any battery that may be prepared for it.

Randolph's battery, being divided into two batteries, of four pieces each, both under his command, will thus (with the cadet battery) make six batteries, of four pieces each, which should be housed immediately. I have to request, therefore, that three hundred and fifty-six horses be purchased without delay for mounting these companies, and that the Quartermaster-General should be directed to send them out to the artillery barracks (as they may be called for by requisitions of the captains, approved by the proper authorities), and to furnish, also, the necessary halters, riding-saddles and bridles, picket-rope, girths, horse-blankets, horseshoes, and forages, as may be required from time to time by requisition, and to purchase at once the running-gear of as many wagons as can be conveniently turned into caissons, for the service of such pieces as are or may be mounted.

The following is the estimate of horses for each battery, subject to such modifications as experience may suggest, viz: Randolph's Dahlgren howitzers, with two rifled guns attached, 84 horses; Cabell's light battery, of four pieces, 68 horses; Latham's light battery, of four pieces, 68 horses; rifled battery, of four pieces, at Fredericksburg, 68 horses; cadet battery, of four guns, at the fair grounds, 68 horses. Total for six batteries, 356 horses.

For the purpose of assisting in drilling these companies, I request

