
that ten cadets, of the higher classes, be detached and ordered to report to me for temporary duty. They will be borne on the provision return of one of the companies, and arrangements will be made for messing and quartering them comfortably. I recommend that the cadet battery be turned over to me also, to be prepared for the field and for the purposes of drill. I request, also, that as many artillery officers (late of the U. S. Army) as can be spared be ordered to report to me for duty. At present I have no staff officers of any description.

There are field pieces enough in the State for more than twenty companies, or two regiments. Taking that as a basis, and deducting six batteries (the horses of which have been estimated for above), there will be required for the remaining batteries, if six horses to a piece be used, 952 horses; if four, 616 horses. Should any of the batteries be of 12-pounder guns and 24-pounder howitzers, which I would recommend to a limited extent, then the estimate would be increased proportionately.

There is at the camp to the cadets one rifled gun (Parrot), without carriage. I think it ought to be sent to the artillery barracks. Colonel Gillam offered it to me, and also informed me that Sergeant Rapwtsay, an experienced ordnance sergeant, was at my service, and recommended him strongly to me. I should like to have him ordered to report to me at once. I am also informed that the cadets have sixty-five artillery sabers, which I desire to get, as one of the companies of artillery has not an arm of any kind with which to arm themselves, even as sentinels.

As the making of harness for artillery seems to be a slow operation, from the scarcity of mechanics, I would respectfully recommend that a pattern of the artillery harness be sent to each of the considerable towns on the lines of the railroads, where they can be manufactured. Some carriages might also be procured with more rapidity in this way, as well as tents, which the artillery companies, that have reported, are in want of.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 30.

Approved (except the adding of Parrott guns to Randolph's battery) and respectfully forwarded.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Major-General, Virginia Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 30, 1861.

Major F. M. BOYKIN, JR., Virginia Volunteers, Weston, Va.:

You are desired to take measures to muster into the service of the State such volunteer companies as may offer their services for the protection of the northwestern portion of the State. Assume the command, take post at or near Grafton, unless some other point should offer greater facilities for the command of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the branch to Parkersburg. It is not the object to interrupt peaceful travel on the road or to offer annoyance to citizens pursuing their usual avoca-

