
Extracts from the proceedings of the State of Virginia.

WEDNESDAY, May 1, 1861.

Present John J. Allen, president; Francis H. Smith, M. F. Maury, and Robert L. Montague.

* * * * *

A telegram from Governor Harris, of Tennessee, stating that the telegram from the governor of Virginia of 22nd April, asking how far Tennessee could be relied on for co-operation, had been received, and that at the same time he had received a telegram from the Secretary of War of the Confederate States, asking him to send three regiments to rendezvous at Lynchburg to aid Virginia, and informing him that the troops sent should be mustered into the service of the Confederate States and armed and provisioned at Lynchburg. Governor Harris says, further, that the troops of Tennessee, so as to be subject to recall if they are wanted at home.

Advised unanimously that the following telegram be returned in answer to Governor Harris:

Since telegram of 22nd of April Convention has formed provisional agreement with Confederate States, placing troops of Virginia under control and direction of President of Confederate States. Those from Tennessee should be subject to same rule, and at Lynchburg can be provided for as troops of Virginia by Colonel Langhorne.

Advise him.

* * * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 1, 1861.

Colonel T. J. JACKSON, Commanding Harper's Ferry, Va.:

COLONEL: Under authority of the governor of the State, you are directed to call out volunteer companies from the counties in the valley adjacent to Harper's Ferry, viz, Morgan, Berkeley, Jefferson, Hampshire, Hardy, Frederick, and Clarke, including the troops you may muster in at Harper's Ferry, not counting five regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two batteries of light artillery, of four pieces each. The average number of enlisted men in each company will be eighty-two, and the troops will be directed to rendezvous at Harpe's Ferry. You will select, as far as possible, uniformed companies with arms, organize them into regiments under the senior captains, until proper field officers can be appointed. You will report the number of companies accepted in the service of the State under thief authority, their description,l arms, &amp;c. Five hundred Louisiana troops, said to be en route for this place, will be directed to report to you, and you will make provision accordingly.

You are desired to urge the transfer of all the machinery, materials, &c., from Harper's Ferry, as fast as possible, and have it prepared in Winchester for removal to Strasburg, whence it will be ordered to a place of safety. The machinery ordered to this place must be forwarded with dispatch, as has already been directed. The remainder will

