HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 2, 1861.

Brigadier-General COCKE, Virginia Volunteers:

GENERAL: You were telegraphed this morning to place Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor or other experienced officer in command of the troops in and about Alexandria. The general directs that he be instructed to take measures to secure the guns, ammunition, and provisions, and to unite with the officers of the railroad companies in securing all the rolling stock of their roads, and in effectually breaking up the roads themselves, should he be driven by force from that point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 2, 1861.

Major-General GWYNN, Commanding Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Lee to say that, in consequence of rumors of a contemplated attack upon Norfolk, he directs the removal, as soon as possible, to a place of security, of such material--cooper, lead, zinc, &amp;c.-as may be of importance to the State and not essential to the service of your post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. BROOKE,

Lieutenant, Virginia Navy.
HEADQUARTERS POTOMAC DEPARTMENT,Culpeper Court-House, VA., May 2, 1861.

Major-General LEE, Commander-in-Chief:

SIR: I send herewith copies of instructions to Brigade-General Ruggles, commanding on my left. [?] Also a copy of the report of Lieutenants Maury and Smith, C. S. Navy, in regard to the condition of the Northern forces in Washington and on the Potomac, in connection with our designs upon a certain point. I concur in the correctness, in the main, of their (M. and S.) views of that condition, and instruct Brigadier-General Ruggles accordingly. I also gave General Ruggles general outline instructions, as asked for by himself in other connections. You will please aid us both in organizing, in the manner indicated, should you approve our views, or else instruct me how you would have their views and designs modified.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

PHILIP ST. GEO. COCKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POTOMAC DEPARTMENT,Culpeper Court-House, May 2, 1861-7 a. m.

General RUGGLES, Fredericksburg, Va.:

After consultation with Lieutenants Maury and Smith, of the Navy, I find the time is not yet when we should unmask our designs upon a certain point, or when we are in force sufficient to enter fully upon that

