
ORDNANCE, DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., May 2, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General:

SIR: Captain Carter, of this department, has just returned from Harper's Ferry, and reports that a large portion of the machinery and all the materials are still unmoved. I am so impressed with the importance of securing this property, that I report these facts for the information of the General-in-Chief. If more expedition be not made, may it not be recaptured?

I am, very respectfully,

C. DIMMOCK,

Colonel of Ordnance.

PETERSBURG, May 2, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Reliably reported enemy will occupy Alexandria. Large force in Washington. Maryland overwhelmed, and reaction there against us. Confusion in our own councils in Richmond. Extremely important President Davis be there.

ROGER A. PRYOR.

RICHMOND, May 3, 1861.

By the Governor of Virginia.

A PROCLAMATION.

The sovereignty of the commonwealth of Virginia having been denied, her territorial rights assailed, her soil threatened with invasion by the authorities at Washington, and every artifice employed which could inflame the people of the Northern States and misrepresent our purposes and wishes, it becomes the solemn duty of every citizen of this State to prepare for the impending conflict. These misrepresentations have been carried to such extent that foreigners and naturalized citizens who but a few years ago were denounced by the North and deprived of essential rights have now been induced to enlist into regiments for the purpose of invading this State, which then vindicated those rights and effectually resisted encroachments which threatened their destruction. Against such a policy and against a force which the Government at Washington, relying upon its numerical strength, is now rapidly concentrating, it becomes the State of Virginia to prepare proper safeguards. To this ene and for these purposes, and with a determination to repel invasion, I, John Letcher, governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, by authority of the Convention, do hereby authorize the commanding general of the military forces of this State to call out and cause to be mustered into the service of Virginia, from time to time, as the public exigencies may require, such additional number of volunteers as he may deem necessary.

To facilitate this call the annexed schedule will indicate the places of rendezvous at which the companies called for will assemble upon receiving orders for service.

