
Given under my hand, as governor, and under the seal of the Commonwealth, at Richmond, this third day of May, 1861, and in the eighty-fifth year of the Commonwealth.

JOHN LETCHER.

By the governor:

GEORGE W. MUNFORD,

Secretary of the Commonwealth.

Extracts from the proceedings of the Advisory Council of the State of Virginia.

FRIDAY, May 3, 1861.

* * * * * *

Judge Cooke, the special messenger from the governor of Missouri, having again appeared before the council and urged what he believed to be the extreme importance, in the present juncture of affairs in that State, of a favorable response tot he application presented by him yesterday, at least so far as may secure the delivery to him at the Portsmouth navy-yard of the heavy ordnance asked for:

Advised unanimously that General Gwynn be instructed to furnish, upon the order of the governor of Missouri, the heavy ordnance called for in this requisition, provided that the order can be filled without detriment to the public service at Norfolk, in all twenty-two pieces, ten 24 and 18-pounder siege guns, four 8-pounder howitzers, six 8 or 10-inch mortars, and two 8-inch columbiads.

* * * * * *

JOHN J. ALLEN.

FRANCIS H. SMITH.

M. F. MAURY.

RO. L. MONTAGUE.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 3, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE, Commanding State Forces, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: So soon as it was ascertained that a considerable body of troops was to be assembled at Lynchburg, Va., the Secretary of War directed Lieutenant Colonel E. K. Smith, of the cavalry, to proceed to that city in command, and sent with him Major H. L. Clay, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Thomas G. Williams, commissary. This course was adopted without any knowledge of an intention on your part of sending and officer of the State forces there. As there may be some conflict of authority should both commanders remain, it is respectfully suggested that the State officer be withdrawn, and that Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, who is personally known to you, be left in charge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, VA., May 3, 1861.

General P. St. GEORGE COCKE, Alexandria, Va.:

GENERAL: Under the authority of the governor of Virginia, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are hereby authorized to call out

