HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 3, 1861.

Major General W. GWYNN, Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Lee, referring to his communication of the 2nd instant in relation to the removal to a place of safety of such materials, &amp;c., of importance to the State, now at Norfolk, to say that he desires also the removal of such of the following articles as are not required for the defense of Norfolk, viz: powder, shot, cannon, pikes, and shells. As there is a deficiency of arms in the cavalry, some pikes might be usefully employed in that service. The president of the Danville Railroad Company has offered the means and appliances of transportation.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN M. BROOKE,

Virginia Navy, Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 3, 1861.

Colonel W. B. TALIAFERRO, Gloucester Court-House, Va:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that you have been appointed colonel of Virginia volunteers. Your commission will be forwarded by the governor. If you accept the position, you are desired to take command of the troops ordered to Gloucester Point, to defend the passage of York River. Major P. R. Page has been previously directed to muster into the service of the state, in compliance with the call of the governor, such companies of volunteers at Gloucester Point, in charge of Captain Whittle, Virginia Navy, with whom you are desired to cooperate in its construction and defense.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 3, 1861.

Colonel C. Q. TOMPKINS, Charleston, Kanawha County, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that you have been appointed colonel of Virginia volunteers. Your commission is herewith forwarded to you. If you accept, you will take command of such troops as may be called out in Kanawha under the proclamation of the governor.

Lieutenant Colonel John McCausland has been previously directed to muster into the service such companies as may volunteer under the call of the governor. You will take measures to secure the safety and quiet of that county. Report what point you will occupy for the purpose.

Four field-pieces, 6-pounders, and some muskets, have been sent to the Kanawha Valley, subject to the order of Lieutenant Colonel John McCausland.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

R. S GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

