
artillery, may be obtained for the Parkersburg Branch; a similar force for the main road, near Moundsville, and three regiments for the reserve, near Grafton; and you are authorized to receive into the service of the State that amount of force. You will report the number of companies mustered into the service, their condition, arms, &amp;c.

Two hundred muskets have been sent to Colonel Jackson, commanding at Harper's Ferry, to the order of Major Boykin, which will be distributed under your orders, and you will cause proper receipts to be taken from the captains of companies for the security of the State. More arms, &c., will be forwarded to you on your requisition. It is not intended to interfere with the peaceful use of the road, and you are desired to obtain the co-operation of its officers and agents in the accomplishment of the purpose of the State, and, on your part, to aid them in its management as much as possible.

Second Lieuts. J. G. Gittings and W. E. Kemble, of the Provisional Army of Virginia, have been ordered to report to you for duty.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 4, 1861.

General DANIEL RUGGLES, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Under the authority of the governor of Virginia, by his proclamation of the 3rd instant, you are hereby authorized to call out and muster into the service of the State, volunteer companies from Fredericksburg, the counties of Stafford, Spottsylvania, and Caroline, to rendezvous at Fredericksburg; and from the counties of King George and Westmoreland, to rendezvous at King George Court-House. The whole number of companies thus called, including those already in the service of the State and under your command, will not exceed two regiments of infantry and riflemen, two companies of artillery, and two companies of cavalry. A portion of this force will be assigned to the defense of the terminus of the railroad at Aquia Creek and adjacent country, and the remainder held for the defense of such points on the Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers as may be necessary, or hereafter designated. You will organize the troops into regiments, associating together, as far as possible, companies from the same section of the State, and place them temporarily under such officers as may be available until their proper field officers can be appointed by the governor. It will be necessary to appoint officers to muster the troops that may assemble at the respective rendezvous, and you will report, as soon as practicable, the number of companies received into service, their arms, condition, &c. It is hoped that you will rapidly organize the whole force, and the companies that are best armed and instructed from among those that offer will be selected for the service.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Numbers 16. Richmond, Va., May 4, 1861.

All volunteer troops from the State of Georgia in and about Rich-

