
mond are ordered to repair, without delay, to Norfolk, and report to Major-General Gwynn.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., May 5, 1861.

Major-General LEE:

If the Alabama troops, or any portion of them, have arrived at Richmond, send them to this point, to General Gwynn.

JNO. LETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 5, 1861.

Major General W. GWYNN, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: Twenty-five thousand rounds of musket ammunition have been ordered to you, on your requisition for one hundred thousand. It is all that can be spared for the present. You have powder and lead, which is all we have here, and the general desires that you take immediate steps for preparing your own ammunition, as we are doing.

I am, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POTOMAC DEPARTMENT,Culpeper Court-House, May 5, 1861.

Commissioned by the governor, with the sanction of the council, and confirmed by the Convention, in the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers, to date from the 21st April, 1861, and placed in command of all the military troops and defenses on the Potomac border of the State, I proceeded, in company with Brigadier-General Ruggles, my second in command, from Richmond, he to take up his headquarters at Fredericksburg, whilst I should take position in front of Washington, and, in connection with the commanding officer at Harper's Ferry, on my left, thus cover and defend our Potomac border against invasion from the North.

After visiting Alexandria, and making the necessary observations and arrangements at that post, I proceeded to take up my headquarters at this place on Sunday morning, April 28.

The governor's proclamation of the 3rd instant, declaring that "the sovereignty of the Commonwealth of Virginia having been denied, her territorial rights assailed, her soil threatened with invasion by the authorities of Washington, and every artifice employed which could inflame the people of Northern States to misrepresent our purposes and wishes, it becomes the solemn duty of every citizen of this State to prepare for the impending conflict, and authorizing the commanding general of the military forces of the State to call out and cause to be mustered into the service of Virginia, from time to time, as the public exigencies my require, such additional number of volunteers as he may deem necessary"; and the commanding general, following up the proc-

