
four thousand flints have been found here, I have taken the responsibility of ordering the one thousand flint-lock rifles form the Lexington Arsenal, and also the barrels of musket and then barrels of rifle power, as in my opinion the emergency justified the order. Should the Federal troops advance in this direction, I shall no longer stand on ceremony. In addition to the cavalry stationed at Point of Rocks, I this morning ordered two 6-pounders to the same position. The enemy, from good authority, are about four thousand strong in the neighborhood of Chambersburg. About two-thirds of the machinery from the musket factory has been removed from here. This morning Mr. John Ambler, the quartermaster in Winchester, informed me that the merchants were paying double freights, and were thus securing all the transportation. To prevent the consequent delay of the machinery, I directed him to impress the wagons. He also notified me that the baggage cars from Strasburg were employed in carrying flour from the valley to New York, and that every barrel would be required for our use. To remedy this evil, until the subject could be referred to you, and also to secure the transportation for the machinery, I directed him to impress the cars. About four hundred and eighty Kentucky volunteers are here without arms, and stand greatly in need of them. I directed some old arms to be issued to them, but they refused to receive them. I refer the subject to you, with the hope that something may be done towards arming them. The material is good. My object is to put Harper's Ferry in the most defensible state possible, and hence feel it my duty to give the best arms to the Virginia troops, as the others may at any time be ordered off. The news from the northwest shows great disaffection, especially in Ohio County.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Virginia Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, Va., May 6, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Volunteer Forces, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit, for the consideration of the general commanding the forces, the report of Major Thomas H. Williamson, chief engineer of the State, respecting the proposed battery at Mathias Point, the substance of which has been already communicated by mail and telegraph. I am making every possible preparation for the prosecution of the work. There is very little probability of executing it without threatened or real molestation, for which, of course, I shall endeavor to be prepared.

I also transmit a report of Major Williamson, made of a reconnaissance directed by me on assuming the command at this station. I regard the Aquia Creek Landing and the preservation of the steamer George Page as of secondary importance, except in the moral influence necessarily involved in the endeavor to protect a point regarded important by a community unused to the chances and vicissitudes of war. It is difficult as a position to defend, being easily turned by the Potomac Creek, and exposed to disaster from an attack in the rear. It has served its purpose of drawing attention from the two important points on the Potomac supposed to control its navigation, and which, when occupied, will render a battery at his place of little importance.

