
and appears by the official report furnished herewith. Our loss of those permanently injured is twenty-five. I have the honor again to inform you that we have gained much more than we have lost by the skirmish at Big Bethel, and while the advance upon the battery and the capture of it might have added eclat to the occasion it would not have added to its substantial results. I have been very careful to procure an accurate of the dead, wounded, and missing, in order that I may assure those friends who are anxious for the safety of our soldiers and an exact account may be given of all those injured. There is nothing to be gained by any concealment in this regard. The exact truth, which is to be stated at all times, if anything is stated, is especially necessary on such occasions. In this behalf I think we are not to take a lesson from our enemies. I am happy to add that upon sending a message to Yorktown I found that the courtesies of civilized warfare have been and are intended to be extended of us by the enemies of the country now in arms, which in this department at all times shall be fully reciprocated. I have omitted a detailed statement of the movements of the various corps in this attack, because, while it might be interesting, yet, without a map of the ground and details, would serve no useful purpose. I forward herewith the official reports of General Pierce and Colonels Bendix and Townsend, which contain all that may be material.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT.

[Inclosure.]

Casualties in the United States forces at Big Bethel, June 10, 1861.

Commands.	Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.	Aggregate.	Remarks.

Staff......	 1	........	........	 1	Major

Theodore

Winthrop.

Infantry:

Fourth	 1	........	........	 1

Massachusetts.........

First New	 2	........	........	 3

York

Second New	.......	 2 	 1	 3

York

Third New	 2	 27	 1	 30

York

Fifth New	 6	 13 	........	 19

York

Seventh New	 3	 7	 2	 12

York

First	 2	 3	 1 	 6

Vermont

Second U.	 1	.......	........	 1	Lieutenant John

S. Army					T.

Greble.

Total....	 18	 53	 5	 76

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General E. W. Pierce, Massachusetts Militia.

SIR: Sunday forenoon, June 9, 1861, I received an order requiring my attendance at your headquarters forthwith, where I arrived at about 11 o'clock, and found you and Colonel Duryea, of my command, consulting upon a plan of proposed attack upon places known as Big Bethel and Little Bethel, and received from Captain Butler, of your staff, the following plan of operations:

A regiment or battalion to march from Camp Hamilton (Duryea's), each

