
thousand flint-lock muskets and sixty thousand rounds of cartridges have been ordered to be sent.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. M. BROOKE,

Virginia Navy, Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1861.

Colonel JUBAL A. EARLY, Commanding, &c., Lynchburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Colonel R. C. W. Radford, Virginia volunteers, has been directed to report to you for duty. You will assign him to the command of the troops from the counties of Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, and Craig (which you were directed to keep united and distinct form those of the other counties by letter of 6th instant), and direct him to proceed with them as soon as possible, and report to the commanding officer of the troops between Culpeper Court-House and Alexandria or on that line.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 9, 1861.

Colonel T. J. JACKSON, Commanding, &c., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of the 6th instant, and am gratified at the progress you have made in the organization of your command. I hope some of the field officers directed to report to you will have arrived and entered on their duties. In your preparation for the defense of your position it is considered advisable not to intrude upon the soil of Maryland, unless compelled by the necessities of war. The aid of its citizens might be obtained in that quarter. I regret I have no engineer of experience to send you. You will have to rely upon your judgment and the aid of the officers with you. I have directed that four 6-pounder guns be forwarded to you as soon as possible, and two 12-pounder howitzers, with a supply of ammunition and equipment for firing, will be sent to you at once. There are no caissons. Horses, wagons, and harness will be procured near you by an agent of the quartermaster's department, sent for the purpose.

Captain Pendleton's company of artillery from Lexington will join you as soon as possible, with such field pieces as it has. Flour and provisions for use of the troops must be secured. In other respects it is not designed to embarrass the legitimate commerce of our citizens.

I have directed that one thousand muskets, obtained from North Carolina, be sent to you, to aid in arming you command and to respond to requisitions that may be made upon you by Colonel Porterfield. Your requisitions upon the staff department at headquarters, as far as possible, will be filled.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

