
The object of this letter is to state that Colonel Thomas,adjutant-general of Maryland, has placed at my disposal the ordnance from the Virginia navy-yard en route for Baltimore via this place, and to request that you will, should it meet with your approbation, send a competent ordnance officer, with sufficient force and means, to mount such pieces as I may designate.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel Virginia Volunteers, Commanding Division.

P. S.- There are about 2,200 Federal troops at the Relay House, others beyond Baltimore, and about 4,000 near Chambersburg, Pa. I have occupied the Maryland Heights with the Kentuckians and one company of infantry from Augusta county, making about 500 in all.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

Colonel P. ST. GEORGE COCKE,

Virginia Volunteers, Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

COLONEL: It is very important that the volunteer troops be organized and instructed as rapidly as possible. I know you are doing all in your power towards that object. It is desired that you attach to the battalions or regiments, as formed, as soon as possible, the field officers who have been or may be directed to report to you from the same region with the companies, place them at such point or points as you think best, with cable instructions, and press forward their instruction and equipment. The regiments under Colonels Garland and Preston were designed for Manassas Junction. You are requested to send them there, and as company and field officers are available which might properly be assigned to them, to forward them to the respective regiments. That the troops may be prepared for field service, it is desirable that they be removed from the towns and place in camp, where their instruction may be uninterrupted and rigid discipline established. Officers and men will sooner become familiar with the necessities of service, and make their preparations accordingly. It is impossible at this time to furnish tents, but unoccupied buildings might possibly be obtained or temporary plank huts established. I beg you will adopt the best plan in your power to prepare the men for hard, effective service.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

Colonel T. J. JACKSON,

Virginia Volunteers, Commanding Harper's Ferry, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 7th instant, by Major Massie, has been received. Orders have been given to fill your requisition for arms, ammunition, and accouterments as far as possible. In addition to the guns that you were advised yesterday would be sent to you, I have directed two 32-pounders, with navy carriages, and a supply of ammunition, &c., to be forwarded to you. They will be in charge of Lieutenant Fauntle-

