
from Keysville, on the Richmond and Danville Road, to Clarksville, on the Roanoke, whereby and additional railroad connection would be had between Richmond and States to the south of Virginia. As a military road at this time, General Lee thinks it would be both desirable and important to have the road which you propose constructed, as it would afford not only an additional means of communication between Richmond and the South, but, in the event of obstruction on one road, the other might be kept open for travel and transportation. Contingencies might occur to render this a matter of the highest importance, and he would therefore be pleased to see the road made. But while he regards it as desirable, he thinks, from the information he has of the financial condition of the State, it would not be proper just now to divert the money required for the work from other objects.

I am, &amp;c.,

JNO. A. WASHINGTON,

Aide to General Lee.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 11, 1861.

Colonel WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding, &c., Gloucester Point, Va.:

It is very important that the battery at Gloucester Point be pushed forward as fast as possible. All the labor necessary for its speeded completion must be devoted to it, and every facility in your power afforded to the engineer engaged in its construction.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, S. C. VOLS., C. S. ARMY,Richmond, Va., May 11, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In pursuance of Orders, Numbers 13, headquarters Virginia Forces, but recently called to my attention, I have the honor to report that, as brigadier-general, C. S. Army, Provisional Forces, I am in command of two regiments of South Carolina volunteers, numbering, in the aggregate, upwards of fifteen hundred. Camp at present near the reservoir. I was ordered by the governor of South Carolina to report to Governor Letcher, who report to Major-General Lee.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA., May 11, 1861.

Colonel DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding at Fredericksburg, Va.:

SIR: Being about to gather troops at this point, and to hold it strongly, it would seem necessary that prompt measures should be taken to bring about a close connection and strategic co-operation between your move-

