
inspector will be directed at an appointed time to muster them into the service of the State.

III. The policy of the State, as clearly indicated by the proclamation of the governor and the ordinances of the Convention, is to rely mainly on the organized and disciplined volunteer forces, in conjunction with the Provisional Army of Virginia. The readiness with which the people of this department have responded to the call for volunteers induces the hope that, save upon the emergency of actual invasion, the militia will not be called out; but, should that contingency arise before precise instructions are communicated, full reliance will be placed on the bold hearts and strong arms of a united people to make each house a citadel. and every rock and tree positions of defense, thus efficiently aiding the organized forces, by communicating by telegraph and concentrating by railway at the endangered point in such numbers as to sweep from our borders the insolent invaders. Called to command a border district of Virginia, now threatened with invasion and subjugation by a lawless tyranny, which, over a violated Constitution, would march to conquest and carnage, it is esteemed not less the post of honor than of danger. Brave and loyal men of that district which has given to freedom a Washington, Madison, Monroe, Lee, Mercer, and others, whom, both in camp and countil, the world has recognized as among the noblest defenders of constitutional liberty, you are called upon to rally for the defense of your homes and firesides; your wives and children; the ashes of your mighty dead; the freedom purchased by your fathers' blood, and the soil and sovereignty of your proud old Commonwealth. Give force and efficiency to your patriotic ardor by the aid of discipline and organization; substitute prudence and policy for passion, and by your devotion to liberty, regulated by law, vindicate before the nations your claim to exercise the inalienable right of self-government.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army, Commanding Virginia Forces.
HEADQUARTERS,Gloucester Point, Va., May 11, 1861.

Major-General LEE, Commanding Virginia Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the condition of the defenses at this place has greatly improved since my last communication. Two heavy 9-inch guns have been placed in position at the water battery at the extremity of the point, and we have the means of preventing a landing form boats, as the work and the shore line are protected by the field guns of Captain Cabell and Brown's batteries. Two additional 9-inch guns have been sent here this morning, and will be placed in battery with all dispatch.

I have directed the quartermaster to erect huts on the most economical plan, for the accommodation of the troops, which work is making much progress, and I hope to be at least able to protect the whole command from the weather by this evening.

Major Page has mustered into the service two companies of infantry, numbering one hundred and fifty-eight men, and one of artillery, numbering ninety men, which is the whole force yet mustered from the counties of King and Queen and Gloucester. Believed it necessary to concentrate as many men as possible here, on the evening of the 7th I ordered here a company of cavalry, and have retained them until this time. I have thought it advisable to directed Major Page to muster this

