
troop into service, as the character of the country to be defended renders it necessary to have the co-operation of a small cavalry force to act as scouts and vedettes, the more particularly to give confidence to the people along the shores and creeks, who are apprehensive of forays. This muster has not yet been completed, and, should you regard this force as unnecessary, they can be discharged from service, with but small loss for their support during the limited time they have served.

I would respectfully suggest that a force be stationed at Yorktown and batteries erected there. I understand that Major Ewell is in command of a battalion on that side of the river, and that my command is limited to this. I have not had any official communication with him, and desire to be advised of the fact of the extent of his command. I would suggest that his headquarters be established at Yorktown, so that we could co-operate.

I have, in conclusion, to say that I have not received from the headquarters of the Army, or any other source, an order or official communication of any kind, with the exception of your letter of the 8th instant, and the order assigning me to duty, which was exhibited to me in Richmond. I presume the derangement of the mails has been the cause of this, and I ask that copies be forwarded to me, via West Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 12, 1861.

Colonel J. A. EARLY,

Virginia Volunteers, Commanding, &amp;c., Lynchburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 9th instant is at hand. Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne has been instructed to call out and muster into service five regiments of infantry or riflemen, and one of cavalry, from the counties for which Lynchburg was appointed the rendezvous by the governor's proclamation of the 3rd instant. One thousand percussion muskets, with equipments and ammunition, as far as they can be supplied, will be sent to Lynchburg for such companies as may come there unarmed. To the cavalry companies, which may offer themselves unarmed, it is recommended to provide themselves with double-barreled shot guns, buck-shot cartridges, and pistols. The supply of cavalry arms and equipments here is nearly exhausted. It is left with Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne to determine the proportion of companies to be draw from the different counties of his district. If the cavalry companies cannot get arms, they will to be mustered in as infantry or riflemen.

I am, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 12, 1861.

Brigadier General W. GWYNN,

Commanding Virginia Forces, Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am gratified to learn that all your preparations for defense are so well advanced. It is important for you, now being pre-

