
sent to the care of Major Goff, Virginia volunteers, at Beverly, Randolph County, subject to the directions of Colonel George A. Porterfield. Six hundred rifles, in addition to the four hundred of which you were already notified, have been ordered to be sent from Staunton to the care of Major Goff, Virginia volunteers, at Beverly, which will be subject to Colonel Porterfield's orders. I regret to hear of the difficulties mentioned in your letter of mustering troops at and in the vicinity of Grafton, but hope that by perseverance you will overcome them. Major Goff has been directed to muster troops in Randolph and adjacent counties, and it is hoped he will be enabled to obtain a sufficient number for the purpose mentioned in your letter, as it is deemed unadvisable to send troops from the east for the present.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 13, 1861.

Brigadier-General GWYNN, Commanding, &c., Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th, requesting authority to call into service an additional cavalry company, has been received. It was supposed that four mounted companies would be sufficient for the service at Norfolk, as their duty would be mainly vedette. Your water communications and system of signals, it was hoped, would enable you to lighten that service. It is an expensive force, difficult in that region to forage, and should not be increased beyond the actual necessities of the service. Should another company, however, be indispensable, you are authorized to call it out. It may be proper for you to keep in mind that there are no cavalry arms here for issue; so, unless it be already provided with arms, it cannot be equipped.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Montgomery, May 14, 1861.

Gov. JOHN B. FLOYD, Abingdon, Va.:

Can you get in a brigade of your mountain riflemen with their own tried weapons? Proceed as far as you can.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ABINGDON, May 14, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I can raise the brigade, and will begin instantly.

J. B. FLOYD.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 14, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel B. S. EWELL, Commanding, &c., Williamsburg, Va.:

COLONEL: I have heard that two hundred mules were landed at Old Point on Saturday, the 11th instant, and some horses previously. I

