
should be glad if you could ascertain from any of our friends about Hampton the truth of this report, and also make arrangements with some reliable person in Hampton to keep you advised of that is going on in the neighborhood of Hampton, and also at Old Point. Should you deem any of it of sufficient importance, I request to be informed of it.

I hope you will call out all the volunteers from the counties within your jurisdiction, give them the necessary orders as to their duties, and urge forward their instruction and equipment as soon as possible.

I will send to yorktown, via West Point, on the 16th instant, three companies of infantry and one of artillery, to protect the battery to be erected at that place. It is desired that you place yourself in communication with the officer commanding, and give him all the advice and facilities in your power.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 14, 1861.

Brigadier General W. GWYNN, Commanding, &c., Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I have understood that two hundred mules were landed at Old Point Comfort on Saturday last, and some horses previously, with baggage wagons. I desire you, if you can, to ascertain the truth of this report, and whether any preparations are there being made for movements on land. I hope you are urging forward as fast as possible your land defenses, securing a sufficient quantity of ammunition for all your arms, small as well as large, both for immediate action and for a protracted defense, and making every other needful arrangement in case of an attack. Your field batteries should be provided with horses and a full equipment for field service, and the men throughly instructed. The authority requested in your letter of the 10th instant, to call a cavalry company into service, in addition to the four now on hand, if you deem it necessary, is granted.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NORFOLK, VA., May 14, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

The force under my command is about six thousand. Four thousand more are needed, and should be ordered here as soon as possible. no response as yet has been made to the call of the governor or myself. The troops ordered here should come well armed and equipped, and with camp equipage for the Virginia and foreign troops now here, and for troops which have been called into service from Virginia, as well as for deficiencies in the camp equipage of foreign troops which may be ordered here. There are required two hundred wall tents and four hundred common tents.

WALTER GWYNN.

