
the offenders if found out; that my complaint had been brought before the military commandant, and that all ball-cartridges would be taken from the troops quartered in Georgetown. The mayor offered me an escort and protection if I would visit Georgetown for more explicit explanation, but I considered that received as sufficient.

Submitted by

E. B. POWELL,

Captain.

AQUIA CREEK LANDING, VA.,

May 14, 1861-7.10 a. m.

R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

SIR: The steamer Mount Vernon is within three hundred yards of the batteries. Steamer Pocahontas is within two miles. Please send re-enforcements immediately.

GEO. H. PEYTON,

Lieutenant, in Command.

GRAFTON, VA., May 14, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders of the 4th instant, which failed to reach me in time for earlier action, I arrived at Grafton at an early hour this morning. The officers directed to report to me are not present; nor is there any volunteer or other force here. I will at once proceed to ascertain the whereabouts of Mayor Goff's command, which I hope to find soon, and will then endeavor to unite with one or more companies, with which I will return and taken position in or near this place. On account of the sparseness of the population here, it will be difficult to get the various companies to act in concert.

After my return I would desire as soon as possible to be re-enforced by a detachment of not less than two hundred and fifty men and a few pieces of artillery, if they can be spared from the command at Harper's Ferry.

The loyal citizens of this section much need and should have all the protection the State can give them.

There is great disaffection in this and the adjoining counties, and opposition to the lawful action of the State authorities is certainly contemplated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. PORTERFIELD,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.- Please direct my letters to Fetterman, one mile distant from Grafton, and the only post-office in this county to which letters can be sent with safety.

G. A. P.

HEADQUARTERS GLOUCESTER POINT, May 14, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. GARNETT, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: * * * I wish to obtain information from headquarters as to the character and extent of my authority under the law of Virginia as commanding officer at this post.

