
ENGINEER OFFICE,

Richmond, May 15, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Virginia Forces:

In obedience to your order of Saturday evening last, my attention has been given to the defense of this city.

Three topographical parties are now in the field, and by Thursday I expect the examination will be sufficiently advanced to enable me to locate and lay out such defensive works as will give employment to all the laboring force at the disposal of the city authorities.

The examinations made in person have brought me to the conclusion that four or five strong redoubts on points to be selected well in advance of the city limits will afford all the protection required at this time, and be fully within its means to construct and of the State to defend them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW TALCOTT,

Engineer, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 16, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE H. TERRETT,

Provisional Army of Virginia, Commanding, &c., Alexandria, Va.:

COLONEL: I reply to your inquiries, by telegraph, in relation to persons from Maryland desiring to pass over the roads, to offer their services to the State, I am instructed by the commanding general to say that you can offer them service in your command and muster them in if they accept it.

I am, sir, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

LYNCHBURG, VA., May 16, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General, Virginia Forces:

COLONEL: I arrived here this morning, and have assumed command of the Virginia volunteers mustered into the service of the State at this place. It was not possible for me to get here sooner, as I was commpelled to make some preparation to enable me to go into the service. I find that Lieutenant-Colonel Langhorne has mustered into the service two companies of cavalry, one from Lynchburg and the other from Bedford; also, seven companies of infantry, two from Lynchburg, two from Bedford, two from Botetourt, and one from Floyd. Two companies reached here this evening from Roanoke, and will be mustered into the service to-morrow. The company of cavalry from Lynchburg, commanded by Captain John S. Langhorne, has sabers, but no other arms. The company of cavalry from Bedford, commanded by Captain William R. Terry, has about fifty sabers, leaving twenty odd without any arms, and those having sabers have no other arms. Three companies, belonging to the Twelfth Brigade of Militia, were reported by the adjutant-general of the militia as armed. The infantry companies have no arms whatever, and I imagine that there are no companies in the counties for which this place is the rendezvous which are armed. I know such

