
Huger be prevented from reaching Richmond soon, I hope you will, if available, send me a practical ordnance officer. I have been depending on Colonel Huger for mounting and rendering efficient the heavy guns, with the exception of those intrusted to Lieutenant Fauntleroy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel, Virginia Volunteers, Commanding Harper's Ferry, Va.

P. S.-I have about ninety thousand percussion caps.

[Inclosure.]

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., May 19, 1861.

Colonel JACKSON,

Commanding, Harper's Ferry, Va.:

At this time there is between three and four hundred Federal troops stationed upon the fair grounds on Wheeling Island, Ohio County, Virginia. They have been regularly sworn into the service of the U. S. Government by Colonel Oakes, who has been in the city of Wheeling for some time past expressly for that purpose. These troops have been furnished with arms by the U. S. Government at the request of citizens of the counties of Hancock, Brooke, Ohio, and Marshall, for the express purpose of resisting the authorities of the State of Virginia. At this time A. W. Campbell, of the city of Wheeling, by a published authority from Governor Dennison, of Ohio, will not permit citizens of Wheeling to ship provisions in any quantities over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

Yours, truly,

DAN. M. SHRIVER.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., May 21, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Virginia Forces:

SIR: The examinations preparatory to commencing work for the defense of this city are far enough advanced to enable me to select the sites for two redoubts on the cordon it is proposed to occupy. The first will be on the eastern side of Marion Hill, commanding the road leading up the river, and the country generally to the eastward; the second will be on high ground, near Tuder &amp; Co.'s nursery, and quite near to the ravine of Gillies Creek. It is proposed to make the redoubts of sufficient capacity to contain garrisons of six hundred men. For a more perfect defense of the tongue of land between James River and Gillies Creek some two or three small redoubts are needed, in consequence of the irregularities of the ground, which is much cut by abrupt ravines. I do not propose commencing them immediately. The two principal redoubts may be ready for a laboring force on Thursday next, if you approve the foregoing suggestion. On the accompanying tracing the locations are indicated by the letter R in red. As soon as the lines of the works are traced on the ground, a requisition will be made for the ordnance required for arming them. The topographical examination between Gillies and Shockoe Creeks is not sufficiently advanced for continuing the cordon around that section, but it is believed that works can now be laid out, so as to give full employment to all the available labor at the disposal of the city authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW TALCOTT,

Engineer.

