
being one of great delicacy, is left to your judgment. The railroad communications must be secured, however, and their use by the enemy prevented. In the absence of tents or vacant houses, you will have to erect temporary plank sheds for the protection of your them.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 22, 1861-9 a.m.

General GWYN:

Call on the governor of North Carolina for the force you require to the full extent. Two hundred laborers are on the way to you.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE H. TERRETT,

Commanding, &c., Alexandria, Va.:

COLONEL: Unless you can devise some better plan for securing the rolling stock of the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad than that suggested to you in my letter of the 19th instant, I desire you to adopt it, and give directions that a track be laid from the depot of the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, in Union street, or some other more convenient point, by which this rolling stock can be carried to a place of safety on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad when not wanted for use on its proper road, and confer with presidents and directions of said roads as to perfecting this connection, which will not only be useful for the above purpose, but afford convenient transportation from one road to the other.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GLOUCESTER POINT, VA., May 22, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Headquarters Virginia Forces, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On my arrival here I presented your letter to Colonel Taliaferro, and soon had a conference upon the object of my visit. This place is literally without defense against a land attack. A force of five hundred men, landed within a day's march, with even a feint by water, could take, by prompt movements, every gun. Mr. Clarke, the engineer here, is appointed by Colonel Talcott, and does not consider himself under the command of Colonel Taliaferro. This want of concert prevents unity of action and concert of measures. I could not therefore, without authority from you, urge the citizens to send laborers here to be directed by Mr. Clarke. His time and attention are much required by the works now in progress. I leave at once for Matthews County, in company with Major Page, where one or two companies are reported as organized.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. PRESTON.

