HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, Va., May 22, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the commanding general, that I have not been able to push the organization of volunteer companies forward with sufficient rapidity to make up a force of sufficient strength (under discipline) for our sole reliance, in the event of an attack on our Potomac coast, within a brief period of time.

I am under the necessity of manning the batteries by companies of volunteers, in consequence of the ineffectual efforts of the naval officers to enroll men for that service; and, indeed, I have been obliged to perform work on those batteries by detail for the want of laborers. It is to be observed that Captain Walker's battery has not, therefore, thus far (in spite of the united efforts of the captain and myself), been put in readiness for the field, being deficient in men and equipments, and this is the only field battery in the department.

The above-noted employments, in connection with the necessity of covering the batteries and the avenues of approach to this city, have absorbed my volunteer force to such an extent that, if attacked by the enemy in great numbers, re-enforcements will be necessary; say at least one thousand well-disciplined volunteers and a field battery.

If occasion demands, I propose telegraphing to you for such force (well supplied with ammunition) the moment it is apparent that it will be needed, to repel actual invasion, with the confident hope that it will be sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army, Commanding Forces.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,No. 109. Richmond, Va., May 23, 1861.

I. Brigadier General Benjamin Huger, of the volunteer forces of Virginia, is assigned to the command of the troops in the about Norfolk and its dependencies, and will relieve Brigadier General Walter Gwynn.

II. Brigadier-General Gwynn, after turning over his command and giving all information that may be useful to his successor, will report in person to the commanding general of the Virginia forces at Richmond.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

Report of Inspection made at Harper's Ferry, Va., by Lieutenant Colonel George Deas, Inspector-General C. S. Army.

MAY 23, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

The force at this time assembled at Harper's Ferry and its outposts consists of five regiments from Virginia, two regiments from Mississippi, one regiment from Alabama, eight companies of Virginia cavalry, one battalion from Maryland, one battalion from Kentucky, five companies

