
[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., May 24, 1861.

Brigadier General J. E. JOHNSTON,

C. S. A.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledging the receipt of your not of this morning, requesting the publication of an order, as coming from you, assuming the command of this post, in obedience to the orders of the Secretary of War, and directing Major E. L. McLean, C. S. Army, to take the direction of the operations of the Quartermaster's Department, and Major W. H. C. Whiting those of the Engineer Corps. Until I receive further instructions from Governor Letcher or General Lee, I do not feel at liberty to transfer my command to another, and must therefore decline publishing the order. Meanwhile I beg you to be assured that it will give me pleasure to afford to yourself and to the other officers named every facility in my power for obtaining appropriate information relating to the post and departments of the service connected with it.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Colonel Virginia Vols., and Commanding at Harper's Ferry, Va.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 24, 1861.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM,

Commanding Manassas Junction, Va.:

GENERAL: Colonel Moore's regiment (seven companies) of Virginia volunteers has been ordered to join you to-morrow, and an additional battery of artillery. If strong defensible positions can be found on Bull Run Creek, or in advance of it, it is advised that they be also occupied and strengthened; but the position of Manassas Junction, being of great importance to us, must be secured by all means in your power.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I am, &amp;c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 24, 1861.

General BONHAM,

Manassas Junction, Va.:

Send an express to Colonel Hunton, at Leesburg, to destroy all the bridges of the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad as far down towards Alexandria as possible, and to keep you and General Johnston advised of the movements of the enemy towards Harper's Ferry.

R. E. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 25, 1861.

Brigadier-General BONHAM,

Commanding, &c., Manassas Junction, Va.:

SIR: Major Williamson, now on engineer duty on the Rappahannock and Potomac Rivers, has been ordered by telegraph to report to you.

---------------

*Matters of detail omitted.

---------------

