
to have the artillery drawn by horses or mules. Ordinary wagon harness will answer, and the people of the country ought to furnish the horses. If you cannot get the horses you will lose your pieces, if the enemy choose to send a force up James River much larger than yours. I therefore think that you had better send your artillery to Hood's Mill, about ten miles from here. Place it strongly there, protected by your rifles, and keep your cavalry, as usual, in sight of Fort Monroe. In this way you would show front to the fort, and place your guns and rifles in safe connection with this point.

I have established an express to Richmond from here. Please send me your dispatches by one of your mounted men whenever you observe anything worth communicating, and I will forward it to General Lee by the special express. I will be down to see you as soon as I arrange affairs here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.

YORKTOWN, VA., May 25, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General Virginia Forces:

SIR: I found the battery of heavy guns progressing slowly. The time at which the negroes were promised to return to their masters having arrived, they were discharged by the engineer. I have ordered four hundred men of the command to be set to work to-morrow morning on this battery, and as soon as I can select the defensive positions towards the interior, which will be to-morrow morning, I shall commence the intrenchments there and prosecute them vigorously. Colonel Ewell has returned. I have not yet seen him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON LINE,Yorktown, Va., May 25, 1861.

Colonel T. P. AUGUST:

SIR: Colonel Magruder directs that you remain at Williamsburg until further orders, prepared to move at any moment with your regiment, with rations, &amp;c., prepared. He also requests that yourself and Colonel Ewell come over and see him; also, that you send directly the horse, saddle, bridle, &c., that was sent down with your regiment, to be turned over to me for the use of the assistant adjutant-general's department.

I am, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

GEO. A. THORNTON,

First Lieutenant, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 25, 1861.

Colonel R. S. GARNETT:

I have just learned that Captain Lynch is about withdrawing two of the heavy guns from the Aqua Creek Battery, without subsisting others, with the view of removing them to Potomac Creek Bridge. This change does not conform to my conviction as to the best use of these

