
guns. The Potomac Bridge can be turned in any direction, and I am preparing for its destruction when necessary. It is my hope to keep the enemy from landing, and keep communication open with the land. Please answer.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Colonel, Provisional Army.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 26, 1861.

Brigadier General M. L. BONHAM,

Commanding, &amp;c., Manassas Junction, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your inquiries of the 24th instant, I inclose a copy of Special Orders, No. 39, of the 10th instant, which, with Special Orders, No. 95, of the 21st instant, and the schedule to the governor's proclamation of the 3rd instant, contain all orders that have been issued in relation to the limits of your command. Special Orders, No. 95, gave you control of the troops at Culpeper Court-House, and, of course, of Colonel Ewell with them. On inquiry at the Exchange, I am informed that the "return" of troops on the Alexandria line has been forwarded to you. The commanding general desires to be informed, as early as practicable, of the exact extent to which the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad has been destroyed in the direction of Alexandria.

I am, &c.,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosures.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,No. 39. Richmond, Va., May 10, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Colonel G. H. Terrett, of the Provisional Army of Virginia, will take charge of the troops from the counties of Alexandria, Fairfax, Loudoun, Prince William, and Fauqier, and the defense of those counties.

III. Colonel P. St. George Cocke, Virginia Volunteers, will retain his headquarters at or near Culpeper Court-House, and organize into regiments as fast as possible the troops called out from the counties of Rappahannock, Culpeper, Madison, Greene, Orange, Albermarle, Nelson, Amherst, Campbell, Bedford, Roanoke, Botetourt, and Craig, assigning to their command the field officers placed at his disposal. He will direct the commands of Cols. S. Garland and J. F. Preston to repair to Manassas Junction and report for duty to Colonel Terrett.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,No. 95. Richmond, Va., May 21, 1861.

I. Brigadier General M. L. Bonham, of the C. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the troops on the line to Alexandria. He will post his brigade of South Carolina volunteers at the Manassas Junction, and establish his headquarters at that point or in advance, as he may find necessary. He will be guided by the instructions given to Colonel George

