
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,

No. 20. Richmond, Va., May 26, 1861.

The commanding officers at Richmond, Norfolk, Fredericksburg, and Harper's Ferry, of the Alexandria line and the Hampton line, will be considered as commanding separate departments, in the sense of the sixty-fifth article of war, and are authorized to order general courts-martial.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., May 27, 1861-11.30 a.m.

Major-General LEE:

Seven steamers, with troops, have been and are now landing men at Newport News. Other steamers, with troops, arrived at Old Point this morning.

BENJ. HUGER.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Brigadier-General HUGER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Va.:

SIR: From the facts stated in your telegram received to-day I think it not improbable that the object of the troops which are landing at Newport News may be either to ascend Nansemond River to the town of Suffolk, or, if that river be too well protected for this, to cross James River to Burwell's Bay, and thence, by land, to Suffolk, or some point of the railroad. The effect of either of these movements will be to cut off your communication with Richmond, and I take the liberty of calling your attention to this, as I know the pressure of the duties now upon you. I would recommend that you telegraph the governor of North Carolina to hasten the movements of those troops which are destined for Norfolk, Va., if they have not already arrived, and to recommend that he dispatch a sufficient force to Suffolk.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Lieutenant JOHN M. BROOKE,

Virginia Navy, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: You will proceed to Petersburg, and if the company from Fort Powhatan meets you there you will conduct it to Zuni, and endeavor to make temporary arrangements for its accommodation. You will give instructions to the commanding officer to guard the bridges over that river, and how to proceed in the event of the approach of the U. S. troops in force. Should the company not have reached Petersburg on your arrival, you will leave orders for it to follow to Zuni, where you will post it. If you find it necessary, you will continue to Norfolk and concert with the president of the road the best measures to be taken to guard it. After this, you will return to this point. You

