
are authorized to make a requisition upon the commanding general at Norfolk for any necessary articles which may be obtained at that place.

With respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

SIR: I have received information, by telegraph, to-day from Norfolk that the Federal troops are landing at Newport News. I deem it proper to inform you of this, as it may be their intention to move on the Warwick Court-House, and thence, by the road, to Yorktown. Captains Cosby and Hood, of the Confederate Army, have been ordered to report to you for the purpose of instructing the cavalry troop.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Colonel J. A. EARLY,

Virginia Volunteers, Commanding, &c., Lynchburg, Va.:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant,* and to express to you his satisfaction with the manner in which you repressed the difficulty among the companies under your command in relation to their arms. There are no cavalry arms here to issue, unless your companies would be willing to accept flint-lock pistols, of which we have only two hundred and ten.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

GENERAL: In a letter from Colonel Jackson, of the 21st instant, lately received, he speaks of the want of an ordnance or artillery officer at your post. There is none at present available, but Major Elzey, of the Confederate Army, had been ordered here, and I will endeavor to place him on duty with you. Meantime I have thought that the services of Colonel Jackson might be applied to the mounting and preparing the batteries for service. The proper defense of the country west of you and the command of the railroad through that region is deemed very important to the safety of your position, and it is hoped you will be able to take measures to maintain it, or prevent the use of the road to invaders of the State. It is thought probable that you might add to the comfort of your command by procuring, or causing to be procured,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

