
[Indorsement.]

Colonel GARNETT:

See if you can get some cavalry off to Colonel Magruder. Should an advance be made by Williamsburg, Randolph's battery, with the others here, must be sent down. Send those artillery companies from Lynchburg to Craney Island and Jamestown.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,Yorktown, Va., May 27, 1861-3 p.m.

Colonel GARNETT,

Adjutant-General:

SIR: I am instructed by Colonel Magruder to inform you that, although he had been positively assured by Major Cary that five steamers had proceeded up James River (destination unknown), they have not yet made their appearance at Grove Wharf or King's Mill, and that, should they land at either of the above-mentioned places, his present force would be insufficient to resist them effectually. I am also instructed to inform you that for the want of cavalry he has been obliged to disorganize his artillery, in order that they act as vedettes. Under any circumstances, though, you may depend upon this place being defended, and held for two or three days at least.

I am, very respectfully,

GEO. A. MAGRUDER, JR.,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-This is informal, but I have not time to correct it. Please excuse the informality.

J. B. M.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

Major WILSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fort Powhatan, Va.:

Direct one company of infantry to proceed to Petersburg in time for the downward train to Norfolk to-morrow. It will receive orders on its arrival. Carry five day's provisions.

R. E. LEE.

P. S.-Operator communicate by express.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,No. 126. Richmond, Va., May 27, 1861.

The volunteers from the State of Maryland, accepted into the service of Virginia, will assemble at Charlestown, Va., and be there organized into regiments by Colonel Francis J. Thomas and instructed in their duties. This command will be under the orders of the commanding officer at Harper's Ferry for service on that frontier.

By order of Major-General Lee:

R. S. GARNETT,

Adjutant-General.

