
wood. We managed to reach Lieutenant Greble's battery, and bring to his aid several of my men. The charge was then sounded. Lieutenant Greble opened fire with grape and canister within two [hundred] yards of the enemy's line. Captains Winslow, Barlett, and myself charged with our commands in front, Captain Denike, and Lieutenant Duryea (son of Colonel Duryea), and about two hundred of the Troy rifles upon the right, Colonel Townsend with his men to the left. The enemy were forced out of the first battery, all the force were rapidly advancing, and everything promised a speedy victory, when we were ordered to fall back. Where this order came from I do not know. we maintained our position till Colonel Townsend began to retire with his whole, command. Being left there alone, and no prospect of receiving aid, we order the men to fall back, which they did, and in good order forming their line of battle about one hundred and fifty yards in the rear. A few minutes afterwards orders came from General Pierce to cease firing and retire.

It gives me great pleasure to mention the gallant conduct of Captain Balett, who came up with the reserve, re-enforcing my line, and was ever at the point of danger encouraging his men. Lieutenant York, in command of my left, and Lieutenant Cambreleng, in command of my right, displayed the greatest bravery. Lieutenant York's sword was broken by grape shot, and he was slightly wounded in the leg. I shall ever be grateful to Captain Winslow, who rescued me after our forces had left. He came to my aid, assisted by Sergeants Onderdonk and Agnus, at the last moment, but in time to rescue me from the enemy.

I would also favorably mention Private Wood, who brought me valuable information, and who fired the first shot; Private John Dunn, whose arm was shattered by a cannon ball, and who bore himself with the greatest bravery, and who said to Surgeon Gilbert, while amputating his arm, that he could not have lost it in a nobler cause. The whole command men and officers, did themselves the greatest credit, and I am satisfied can conquer anything except impossibilities.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Captain Company H.

Colonel A. D DURYEA.

Numbers 6. Letter of the Confederate Secretary of War.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAS DEP'T,

Richmond, March 31, 1862.

The honorable the Speaker of the House of Representatives:

SIR: In reply to the resolution of the House of Representatives, I have the honor to communicate herewith copies of the official reports on file in this Department of the battle of Bethel on the 10th of June, 1861.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

