
farmers to remain and finish the cultivation of their corps. I shall send three companies there very soon. There is some difference of opinion here as to the rank of Colonel Hill, of the North Carolina regiment, and myself. I think I rank him, but am of the impression that it is a subject of some feeling on his part. he has, however, obeyed my orders so far, and I presume will continue to do so. I have obliged to do almost all the duties of the staff myself until now, when I have the services of Captain Cosby and Captain Lambert, assistant quartermaster; the latter wholly without experience. I hope in a few days to have a more perfect organization. I do not think we shall be attacked by troops coming from Fort Monroe by land over the Peninsula, but that if attacked it will be by sea and by land (from Landing) at the same time. The steamer is waiting. I hope to be able to write more fully to-morrow.

I am, very respectfully,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., June 3, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Harper's Ferry. Va.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 1st, inclosing report from Colonel Allen and a paper in relation to affairs near Grafton. In reference to the last, the latest reports received from Colonel Porterfield are more favorable than the report from Colonel Allen. A party has been ordered to secure the road at Cheat River and east of it, which I hope will effectually prevent its use. As regards Harper's Ferry, its abandonment would be depressing to the cause of the South, and I have thought it possible that you might detach a portion of your force towards Martinsburg, the occupation of which, or a point on the Opequan, would strengthen your posts in front of Williamsport and at Shepherdstown. In addition to the First Tennessee Regiment, a regiment from Georgia has been ordered to join you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF ALEXANDRIA, VA.,

PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,

Camp Pickets, Va., June 3, 1861.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here on the 1st, at 2 p.m., and immediately examined the site of this encampment and the place of its proposed defenses. The former is an open country, traversed by good roads in every direction, without any strong natural features for the purposes of defense, and without running water nearer than three miles, except a few small springs at half that distance. The plans of the works are good, but too extensive to be finished in less than two or three weeks, and cannot be garrisoned with less than from three to four thousand men. As this position can be turned in every direction by an enemy, for the purpose of destroying the railroads intended to be defended by

