
known, and made one prisoner, who is also in our camp. Both of these belonged to the New York volunteers . In further explanation of this affair, I inclose an extract of a note just received from Captain Werth, on picket guard. He says:

The Rev. Mr. Adams came from Hampton last night. He saw one cart-load of wounded carried into Hampton last night, and two more carried in his buggy, which had been impressed for the occasion. A Colonel Pierce had command of the marauding party, three hundred strong. Mr. Adams learned in Hampton, from the officers, that Hampton was to be made a strong military post in one or two days. The enemy are much excited, and swear vengeance against the Virginians for their impudence.

I inclose a note in pencil from a perfectly reliable source. I omitted to state that, in place of Colonel Stuart's, I ordered Colonel August's whole regiment to proceed to Grove Landing, and to fortify at once strongly, in such a way as to protect his musketry and make a landing extremely difficult. Several regiments of troops ought to be in that neighborhood immediately. Grove Wharf is held ready to be destroyed, but it will take some time to effect it thoroughly. In mean time I would respectfully suggest that several steamers, loaded with provisions, wagons, harness, mules, ammunition, and men, be ordered to that point and landed, and that Mr. Haskins, who I believe is the owner of many steamboats, be directed to have one far down the river, to watch the enemy while these operation are being effected, and that as soon as they are concluded orders direct from headquarters be sent to Colonel August to burn the wharf immediately and effectually.

This command has been on the point of starvation here, on account of want of transportation. The means of transportation are absolutely necessary to enable me to keep the field. I can scarcely support this small command, and am exceedingly anxious to have the Louisiana and Georgia regiments in a similar position to this on the Warwick road. During last night I had a bridge built and thrown over Back River, to enable me to get at the enemy more easily. I hope to have another one in front of Hampton in a few nights. Both to be destroyed as occasion may require.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding Southeastern Department.

[Inclosure.]

WINDER'S, VA., June 9, 1861.

Colonel MAGRUDER:

I did not return from Hampton last night till after 11 o'clock. From all I could learn, I am satisfied that Hampton is within a few days to be occupied as a military post by the Federal troops. Probably the affair of yesterday may hasten this event. That the down is strongly guarded every night, and that during the night all it quiet, but during the day, particularly yesterday, all sorts of plundering was going on, both in town and country; that Colonel Duryea has been superseded by Brigadier-General Pierce; that no protection or right of ingress or egress, in relation to Hampton, would be allowed to any but those who would take the oath of allegiance to the United States. This, in a nut-shell, is about the amount of the information I gained. I learned also from a Captain Wilson that it was in contemplation soon to attack Yorktown with forty thousand men. I could ascertain no suspicion of a military position below Yorktown. I heard nothing of a naval attack at York.

