SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPR. General 'S OFFICE,No. 67. Richmond, June 8, 1961.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General R. S. Garnett, Provisional Army, will proceed to Staunton, and assume command of the troops to operate in Northwestern Virginia.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP MASON, Leesburg, June 9, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel THOS. JORDAN, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Inclosed please find a memorial from a committee on behalf of the citizens of this county, asking for additional forces for the defense of this point. If it is the design of the military authorities to defend this portion of Virginia, then it is very important that additional forces should be concentrated here. I feel very sensibly the importance of this fertile country to the subsistence department of our army and that of the enemy. Besides, if a good force be placed here, it will cut off the enemy from one of the routes to Harper's Ferry. I earnestly second the wishes of the petitioners, and ask that at least twenty-five hundred men be sent here.

I have just learned from reliable information that there ten canal-boats in Georgetown with provisions and ammunition. I am assured from a clergyman who has been across the river that this information is reliable. With the additional force asked for we would probably be able to cut to pieces any force that they may send up, under the impression that we have only a few hundred men here. Send the force asked for if the exigencies of the service will allow it.

I have no information of any movement of the enemy on this side the river.

Your dispatch was received to-day in regard to tearing up railroad and burning the ties. Will you inform me whether I am to put the troops here at that work and stop their drill? The guard duty here is very heavy, and if a force has to be detailed for the purpose indicated it will break up our drill, which a very important to our raw, undisciplined troops. Your orders shall be obeyed.

Very respectfully,

EPPA HUNTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

LEESBURG, VA., June 9, 1861.

Colonel EPPA HUNTON:

The undersigned, a committee in half of the citizens of Loundoun County, respectfully represent that it is our impression, in which we believe you concur, that the military force at Camp Mason, under your command, is totally inadequate to the protection and defense of this portion of the State of Virginia, which we are assured is attractive to the enemy, for the following reasons:

1st. We border upon the Potomac River, which forms our boundary

