
conjoint attack upon you by his armies both front and rear. Troops are now coming forward from the Southern States, and it is to be expected that within a week General Beauregard's position may be re-enforced by troops equal in number to that which is reported as the effective portion of your command. If you have until then covered the valley of Virginia, General Beauregard may thus with more probable success advance upon Alexandria than by the junction of your command with his by surrendering the valley of Virginia to the enemy. It is not expected that you will believe that mere numbers will give you strength, yet it is hoped that the people fighting for their homes and their liberties, with even a small number of instructed troops, may enable you to operate successfully against such forces as are opposed to you; and it is but justice to add that the greatest confidence is placed upon your capacity to inspire others with the soldierly qualities you have so often exhibited, and that the most unlimited confidence is reposed in you both as a commander and a patriot. For these reasons ut has been with reluctance that any attempt was made to give you specific instructions, and you will accept assurances of the readiness with which the freest exercise of discretion on your part will be sustained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., June 13, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

COLONEL: I have had the honor to receive your communication of the 10th instant,* and I take pleasure in expressing my gratification at the gallant conduct of the troops under your command and my approbation of the dispositions made by you, resulting, as they did, in the rout of the enemy. I have referred your letter to the President of the Confederate States, that he may be fully informed of the operations so successfully conducted by you and of the recommendations you have seen fit to make.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 13, 1861.

Honorable J. M. MASON, Winchester, Va.:

SIR: The President has sent to General Johnston to send an officer to Winchester (Colonel Jackson suggested), to raise the people to resist the enemy, said to have advanced to Romney. Your assistance to that end is desired.

General Johnston finds himself unable to maintain his position at Harper's Ferry, but the President still hopes, if compelled to retire by the enemy passing to his rear, that he will fall back upon the people of the valley, assembled in such force as to enable him to assume the offensive, and perhaps to crush the invading column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* Report of action at Big Bethel, p.91.

---------------

