HDQRS. DEP'T OF NORTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Yeager's, 24 miles south of Huttonsville, Va., June 13, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army:

SIR: I overtook Colonel Heck's command at this point to-day, seven hundred and fifty strong, with four pieces of cannon. I shall reach Colonel Porterfield to-morrow. Accounts from the front are not very encouraging, very contradictory; but, as the information, in my judgment, is not reliable, I will defer giving you details until I reach Huttonsville, and can get something authentic. The condition of things is due to the want of proper officers to conduct the reconnoitering. The cavalry of this region is entirely raw; the officers without experience or confidence. The purpose of this letter is to beg urgently, that three or four officers of experience, to conduct reconnoitering parties, may be sent me at the earliest possibly moment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GARNETT,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 13, 1861-1.30 p.m.

Colonel R. C. RADFORD, Lynchburg, Va.:

Use your discretion in sending cavalry companies to Manassas by rail or road. Lose as little time as possible. There are here no arms for cavalry of any kind.

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE VIRGINIA FORCES,Richmond, Va., June 14, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN LETCHER, Governor of Virginia:

SIR: The defensive works about Richmond are progressing so slowly, from the want of laborers, that I think it proper to call your attention to the subject, that you may submit it to the city council for their consideration and action. I beg leave, also, to suggest that all available persons in and about Richmond be organized for the defense of the city; that they provide themselves with such arms as each can procure, and that arrangements be made for the fabrication of suitable ammunition. These are intended as precautionary measures, which can better be made now than upon the eve of the emergency, should it arise.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., June 14, 1861.

General WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General Virginia Militia:

GENERAL: At 10 o'clock this morning I issued an order dismissing the militia which I had called into service. I did so in consequence of the retreat of the enemy from Romney and the arrival at this place of several regiments of the Confederate forces. In dismissing the militia, I repeated the order for frequent drilling, and for holding themselves in

