
I have stationed four companies of Colonel August's regiment at Grove Wharf, with one piece of artillery, with orders to fortify (breast-work and an intrenchment for one gun) immediately. Same at King's Mill. Also one company on the King's Mill road, at Tetter's Neck, and another on Spratley's farm. A redoubt will be built at once, which will command the King's Mill Landing, and one at Spratley's farm, which will enfilade the shore between King's Mill and the Grove. This latter must be furnished with two columbiads, which I have to request may be forwarded to Jamestown, care of Captain Rives, Engineers, with their carriages, ammunition, &amp;c. I proceed to Bethel to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 17, 1861.

General T. H. HOLMES, Dep't of Frederiscksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: In answer to your letter of the 15th instant, addressed to General S. Cooper, I have to state that, until the plans of the enemy are more clearly disclosed, it is not considered advisable to reduce the force in the vicinity of Fredericksburg, lest that place might fall into their hands, and thus open a short and convenient line to Richmond. It is, however, desired that you keep your command in condition to move at any point when required, leaving a sufficient force to maintain the batteries. It has been stated to me that troops have been stationed at Mathias Point, Colonel Brockenbrough commanding, and that their position is unmasked and unprotected. It was designed to occupy this point with a battery, for the purpose of commanding the passage of the Potomac. Not having sufficient troops to secure it, its construction was postponed, and the guns have been applied, I presume, to other points. If your force is sufficient, I would suggest the project of its erection be resumed. Captain Lynch, of the Navy, had the matter in charge, and is informed of the circumstances of the case. Everything should be prepared, before breaking ground, for its rapid construction, and troops sufficient for holding it at the spot.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ALEXANDRIA, VA.,Manassas Junction, June 17, 1861.

Colonel W. B. BATE,

Commanding at Camp Jackson, Brooke's Station, Stafford Co., Va.:

COLONEL: As it would be important to re-enforce the troops under my command as soon as practicable should the enemy advance from Alexandria, I have to suggest that you obtain the approval of General Holmes and of the Secretary of War to your throwing forward your regiment (two would be preferable) and a battery to my support. A good position for them to occupy would be Brentsville, a few miles southeast of here, where they would protect my rear, and he prepared also to act against any force the enemy attempting to land at Quantico Creek or even at Aquia Creek.

