
near the Ripraps, and presume it was bringing a supply of ammunition for this gun. I shall secure the work, and expect to hold it, as there is safety in a long shot, and every round must cost them $10 or $12.

There was an arrival of troops in a steamer yesterday at Old Point. They were landed on the farms near Hampton. Last evening a steamer took a load of men from Newport News to Fort Monroe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BUNKER HILL,June 17, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: On the morning of the 16th intelligence was received, apparently reliable, that no enemy is advancing on Romney, and that the large body of troops collected near Hagerstown would cross the Potomac yesterday. The troops under my command were therefore directed to this, point, on the road from Hagerstown to Winchester, the main route from Maryland into the valley of Virginia. We are twelve miles in advance of Winchester. My only hope from this movement is a slight delay in the enemy's advance. I believe his force to be about 18,000; ours is 6,500. Lieutenant-Colonel Stuart, commanding our small body of cavalry, sent me intelligence last night that the Federal troops encamped yesterday afternoon about eight miles from Martinsburg (seventeen miles from this place) on this road.

I will endeavor to conform as nearly as circumstances may permit to the instructions received from you on the 15th. The want of ammunition has rendered me very timid.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

P. S.-Colonel Thomas, who will deliver this to you, goes to expedite a supply of ammunition for small-arms. We have about thirty rounds.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 18, 1861.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding C. S. Forces,

Camp Bunker Hill, Twelve Miles from Winchester, Va.:

SIR: Yours of the 17th instant this day delivered by Colonel Thomas, and the ammunition will start this evening under his charge by a special train. In the letter to you of the 15th, if the instructions seemed to you specific, be assured it was only intended to respond to the desire manifested in the letter communicated by you, and both then and theretofore and now the fullest reliance was placed in your zeal and discretion, and you are expected to act as circumstances may require, only keeping in view the general purpose to resist invasion as far as may be practicable, and seek to repel the invaders whenever and however it may be done. In order that all disposition may be made to meet your wants it is necessary that you should write frequently and fully as to your position, and the movements which may be contemplated by you. Since the date of my last letter to you re-enforcements have been steadily sent forward to the camp at Manassas Junction,

