HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 18, 1861.

EDMUND T. MORRIS, Convention of Virginia:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant,* I have the honor to state that I consider it very important to the military operations within Virginia that proper and easy connections of the several railroad passing through or terminating in Richmond or Petersburg should be made as promptly as possible. The want of these connections has seriously retarded the operations so far, and they may become important. All the guns, ammunition, &amp;c., from Norfolk, on reaching Petersburg, have either to be transported across the Appomattox to the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, or forwarded to the Richmond and Danville Railroad, and to be again transported at Richmond . The transportation of troops has also been delayed in the same manner. I have previously urged the connection of the roads within the cities of Richmond and Petersburg, and hope it may now be established.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 18, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM C. PARKS,

Grayson County, Virginia, Convention of Virginia:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 18th instant,* I regret to state that the supply of arms, available for arming the volunteers of Virginia for service in the field is so limited that at present I am unable to comply with your request. I have suggested to the governor a method of procuring some flint-lock muskets of the old pattern, which, if successful. I hope will furnish the means of giving arms to your county and others that are much in want.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR WINCHESTER, June 18, 1861.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: in writing by Colonel Thomas yesterday I reported myself on the road hence to Martinsburg and twelve miles from this place. Since then I have encamped within four miles, and have just selected a position for the 12 batteries covering the route from the west and northeast. There are eight heavy guns here, with the military of the town and country, ought to enable us to hold out against any probable force which can be expected, provided ammunition shall be furnished, especially caps, which I am told are now made very expeditiously in Richmond. These troops have not a supply for half an hour's fighting. I beg you to direct that efforts may be made to supply this want, which makes me evercautions, perhaps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

