HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 22, 1861.

Brigadier General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding &amp;C., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated the 20th instant, reporting your movements from Great Bethel to Yorktown, under the supposition, from information derived from your vedettes, that the enemy had moved against the latter in force. The general suggests that you will employ none but the most reliable men for the delicate and important service of vedettes, so as to avoid the changes of false information in respect to the enemy, such as that which caused your sudden march on the 19th instant. The general also wishes you to provide always a sufficient number of wagons for the troops held in advanced positions, so that, in the event of a rapid movement, transportation may be at hand at any moment.

Respectfully, &c.,

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Nashville, June 22, 1861.

Governor LETCHER, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am in receipt this morning of a letter from Colonel McKee, of the Louisville Courier, who was has from time to time communicated such information as he thought would be of service to me, in which he incloses a letter from a friend of his in Cincinnati, dated June 19, in which he states as follows:

Two regiments of Indiana troops (the Eighth and Tenth) have just arrived here (Cincinnati) to-night en route for East Tennessee via Western Virginia. The information as to their destination I have confidentially from a colonel of one of the regiments I am well acquainted with, and believe this information, which I took some pains to pump from him, correct. The presence of the contemptible traitor seems to confirm it . I suppose you have means of communicating with the Tennessee leaders, and if, as I do, you consider the above item of any importance, by all means convey it to them as soon as possible. These men go to Marietta to-night, and to-morrow will be in Western Virginia. They, with several other regiments, are to co-operate with Brownlow and Johnson men. These two regiments are hardy-looking men and well armed.

I have to-day addressed a similar communication to General Floyd, Wytheville, Va.

S. R. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 24, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I have this moment received this letter, and as it is important I send it to you.

I am, truly,

JOHN LETCHER.

MANASSAS, VA., June 22, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The enemy to be aiming at Leesburg. I have sent another regiment there. Cannot Calhoun's battery, at Charleston, with the horses, be ordered there forthwith?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

