
equipments and ammunition which can be provided for you will be sent with the four companies of infantry belonging to Colonel Fulkerson's and Colonel Pegram's regiments on Wednesday morning next. I will endeavor also to forward by them tents and blankets. Two six-pounders, with ammunition and harness, if possible, will be sent with the same command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., June 24, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Army of the Shenandoah, Winchester, Va.:

SIR: Brigadier-General Meem has informed Governor Letcher that he has authority from you to raise two regiments from the Third Division of Virginia Militia, and the governor requests to be informed whether such is the case. This inquiry is now submitted to you for your reply at your earliest convenience. If certain allegations in respect to the general's habits and daily condition, which have been made to General Lee, are correct he certainly not be a fit person for this responsible duty. In addition to this, also, it is believed that the population from which these regiments would be taken is by no means loyal to the cause of Virginia in the present state of affairs.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., June 24, 1861.

Colonel MYERS, Chief Quartermaster, &c.:

General R. S. Garnett, commanding the Army of the Northwest in a letter of the 18th instant represents that his command is suffering much for want of blankets and tents, the nights being cold and there being much rain in the mountainous region where he now is. Will you inform me how many and blankets can be furnished? I wish them sent on Wednesday morning next, with several companies, who will leave then to join General Garnett's command.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, June 24, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I was informed yesterday by a person just from Baltimore, and strongly recommended to me by a friend in that place for his principles and means of information, that General Patterson's troops are

