
countermand the marching orders which I had given to Captains Ashby and Gaither, that my men should have their part in the expected engagement. On the morning of the 18th, having learned enough of the enemy's position to convince me that there was no danger of an immediate attack, I ordered the above-named captains to move forward with their companies to this place. Since that time I have been joined by a full company of mounted men from Shenandoah County, commanded by Captain Myers, and another from the County of Page, commanded by Captain Jordan. Captain Bowen has tendered me another, expecting to join me here to-day or to-morrow with his company from Warren County. Captain Wingfield joined me with his company on day before yesterday. Captain Shads, from the county of Rockingham, joined on yesterday with twenty-five men, and expects the arrival of his recruiting agents in a day or so with men sufficient to fill up his company. Besides these, a full company, raised by Mr. Isbel from the county of Jefferson, report that they will join me in a few days. In addition to these organized companies I have with me volunteers from the States of Alabama, Kentucky, and Maryland, as well as from Hardy County, this State, under favorite leaders, in squads of from ten to thirty-five men, who wait to join their respective captains, now busily employed in raising full companies, though not yet reported as ready to join me. These different squads, for their more efficient service, I have temporarily attached to different companies already organized. Among these last-named men are some of the very best for the peculiar services of partisan and border war. That the organization of my command may be the more thorough and efficient, my plan is that the men of the different companies shall see some service under the officers now commanding them before they are fixed in their positions by election and commission. Further, it is my intention and the basis upon which I have thus far acted, although I can get from loyal and true citizens of the Confederate States as many horses, saddles, and bridles, &amp;c., as I may need, for certificates of value, to be paid by our Government, yet have I deemed it both right and politic to exhaust the supply in the hands of positive traitors and submissionists, that they, in holding the Confederate States certificates, may become interested in the success of our revolution. What I remarked above as to horses, bridles, &c., for my command, I have but to say as to all the commissary supplies needed for our maintenance. In this connection I will draw your attention to the important fact that the saddles which I have picked up here and there in these mountains are totally unfit for my service, in that they both hurt the horses' backs and afford no secure seats for the riders. I beg, therefore, that the saddles promised, as well as the articles mentioned in the inclosed requisition, amy be forwarded to me at this point, in care of Mr. Thornton Pendleton and Major Funsten, who will bring them with them to this place, and upon the receipt of the better saddles, so indispensable to me, I will turn over to the proper department all those which may be unfit for ranger service, as well as all articles whose places may be better supplied under the requisition herewith inclosed. Of sabers I have but few, and wish none others, as I much prefer the hatchet, weighing about a half pound, in their stead.

The force above mentioned, in round numbers-men, every day increasing, I have had to quarter, mount (for some of them came without horses), feed, and arm upon the credit of the Confederate States, by me used under the commission received from our President. Whilst in Winchester in person, and enabled to sign requisitions and give receipts, I was supplied by General Johnston with such things as could

