
I have seen but little of him, I am of the opinion that he will make a very good officer.

I could not disband the Zouaves, but let the officers resign, if they chose. The officers are gallant fellows, too, and I had hoped to have been able to have preserved to the country the services of all.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, June 27, 1861.

Brigadier-General HOLMES, Aquia Creek, Va.:

SIR: If you deem the suggestions of Commander Lewis feasible, you are authorized to detail five hundred troops for the purpose of co-operating with him. In doing this it would be proper to select from the different regiment under your command.

If, however, you do not concur with Commander Lewis in the feasibility of the undertaking, it will be proper for you to send a detachment of troops to Cone River to support him in the event he should find it necessary to run in at that point.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: General Holmes suggests that instead of obtaining volunteers from him, your order the Tennessee regiment to the duty required in our joint machinations against the "peace and dignity" of Abraham and the Pawnee, and that a line form you to Colonel Bate would 'enthuse' them, &amp;c. Captain Maury calls on you, at my request, to attend to this. Our Commander Lewis, of the Navy, will command the party afloat, and will succeed.

Truly, &c.,

S. R. M.
HEADQUARTERS,Brooke's Station, June 27, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to yours relative to co-operating with Commander Lewis, Confederate Navy, I have respectfully to say that I did not feel justified in ordering volunteer troops on an expedition so fraught with ruinous consequences if it failed, and the success of which required that so many contingencies should be effectually accomplished. I referred the matter to the colonels of regiments, and they declined to volunteer their men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

