
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICER,

Richmond, July 1, 1861.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Gauley Bridge, via Lewisburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of he 23rd instant, covering copy of dispatched received by you from Colonel Tompkins, has been duly received and laid before the Secretary of War.* In respect to so much of your letter as relates to the force under Colonel Tompkins, in companies, mustered into the State volunteer service, and which you ask to be mustered into your legion, I am instructed to say that as these companies, being within the district of your command, must necessarily come under your orders, they need not be mustered into the force authorized to be raised by you. If, however, any question should arise which might render it important to attach them by a special muster to your legion, you are fully authorized to cause them to be so mustered and attached.

Several companies, both horse and foot, have been sent to you from this quarter. Among them is a company of artillery, with a battery consisting of two 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, which with the two 6-pounder previously sent to you will complete the full battery originally intended for you. Every effort is being made to send forward the troops for your command as fast as they are raised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 1, 1861.

Brigadier General J. E. JOHNSTON, Winchester, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ultimo, in reply to my communication of the 24th, respecting the calling into service of the two regiments from the Third Division of the State Militia. The general desires me to say that it was far from his intention to cast any strictures upon you for any ordered that you may have given upon that subject. The matter coming from the governor of Virginia in the form of an inquiry was submitted to you for reply, as none could be given from this office, and at that time it was not known that you had given any instructions on the subject. The latter part of my letter was simply intended to convey to you certain information, of a nature which might influence you if found correct. As a matter of course, your orders calling out the militia could only be conveyed through the regularly appointed officers, irrespective of their character or abilities.

Respectfully, &c.,

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Winchester, July 2, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: I become more convinced daily of the great value of cavalry, compared with infantry, for service on this frontier. The quantity we have is entirely insufficient for mere scouting and outpost duty. If

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

