
you can send companies enough to make up another regiment under such an officer as Colonel Stuart, you will add vastly to the strength of this force. We cannot observe the river with one regiment.

Do send me Pemberton immediately, or, if he cannot be spared, Major Rhett. I have no adjutant-general. Can you not appoint and send to me two more such as Bee and Smith? They are to be found-Pemberton, for instance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 211. Richmond, Va., July 4, 1861.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General T. J. Jackson, Provisional Army, Confederate States will report for duty to General Johnston, commanding Army of the Shenandoah.

* * * * * * *

By order of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 5, 1861.

Colonel J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I have been gratified by your report of the 30th ultimo, of your advance with Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux's command to the vicinity of Newport News, and of the measures taken by you to repress the marauding parties of the enemy and to restrain them within their limits. It is hoped that your letter to Colonel Phelps will have the effect of preventing the barbarous treatment of our citizens, and it is believed that it cannot be in consonance with the feelings of the officers. In the expeditions sent to the neighborhood of the enemy you are desired to take every precaution to prevent being surprised or cut off.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 6, 1861.

Brigadier General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding, Fredericksburg, Va.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that he entirely approves of your views, as expressed in your communication of yesterday, in a regard to the erection of a battery at Mathias Point. They coincide exactly with what he has expressed at various times. To erect a battery there would be for the purpose of preventing the passage of the enemy's vessels up the Potomac; which, so long as we hold our present positions above, and can continue to hold them, is a matter of very little consequence. Nevertheless, the enemy must never be permitted to occupy an fortify the point themselves; and therefore, to prevent this, is will be necessary for you to keep a vigilant eye upon his movements, and to repel any attempt of the kind.

