HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 10, 1861.

Captain GEORGE N. HOLLINS,

In charge Naval Defenses, James River:

CAPTAIN: A copy of the order assigning you to the charge of naval defenses of James River is herewith inclosed. You are desired to push forward the armaments as fast as practicable, and to continue the examination of the river from Day's Point to Mulberry Point, with a view of ascertaining the best method of commanding its navigation. You are requested to report upon the advantage of establishing batteries at Mulberry Point and the point opposite, and of interrupting the Swash Channel by loaded rafts or boats. Should batteries at Mulberry Point and the point opposite be considered advantageous, you will state your opinion as to the propriety of establishing there the guns now mounted at Fort Powhatan. You will take under your superintendence the general naval defenses of the river and the service of the batteries.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Numbers 217. Richmond, Va., July 10, 1861.

* * * * * * *

VI. Captain George N. Hollins, C. S. Navy, having been detailed by the Secretary of the Navy to take charge of the naval defenses of James River, is assigned to that duty.

* * * * * * *

By order of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 10, 1861.

General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &c., Yorktown, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 7th instant, and lament the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Dreux, a gallant and accomplished officer.

There are no troops with which you can be re-enforced at present. Two long 32-pounders, with a supply of ammunition, have ben sent to you to-day, which you can apply to the defenses of yourktown or Williamsburg, as you may think proper, and two 12-pounders will go to you to-morrow, with a supply of ammunition, which you can dispose of in the same way. The facility of the enemy's landing gin the vicinity of the Grove Wharf, with a view either of attacking Williamsburg or Yourktown, is much lessened since the establishment of a battery at Day's Point, which I hope will prevent their ascending the river. Watchfulness, however, on your part and every precaution must be continued. You can use your judgment as to applying the 32-pounders above mentioned at Sprat's farm and below the Grove to defend that landing or to Yourktown and Williamsburg. I need not refer to the importance of the battery at Gloucester Point for the defence

