
V. The Fifth North Carolina Regiment, Colonel McRae, will proceed to Manassas, and will report to Brigadier-General Beauregard as soon as transportation can be furnished, of which due notice will be given by the quartermaster in this city.

VI. Hampton's Legion will proceed without delay to Manassas Junction, and join the Army of the Potomac, under Brigadier-General Beauregard. The infantry of the Legion will go by railroad; the cavalry will march; the artillery will follow on as soon as transportation can be furnished.

* * * * * * *

By order of General Lee:

GEO. DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1861.

General J. B. FLOYD, Wytheville, Va.:

Information of the disaster to General Garnett's command has been received, and McClellan is at Huttonsville. To oppose his seizure of the Virginia Central Railroad, a junction of your command and that of General Garnett, now probably at Monterey, is desired. You will advance with your brigade by railroad to Salem, thence to Jackson's River, if your transportation will permit. If not, to Staunton.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1861.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE, Charleston, Kanawha County, Va.:

GENERAL: Information has been received of the disastrous retreat of Garnett's command to Monterey and the advance of McClellan's to Huttonsville. The as of your force and that of General Floyd becomes important. If your command is not now essential in Kanawha, move up toward Covington. Communicate with General Floyd, who is ordered to proceed in that direction.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 18, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

McRae's North Carolina regiment goes to you this evening; Barksdale's Mississippi regiment goes to you from Lynchburg. Further re-enforcements have promise of transportation in the morning. Hampton's Legion and others will go as soon as possible. God be praised for your successful beginning. I have tried to join you, but remain to serve you here, as most useful for the times.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, July 18, 1861.

Colonel ANGUS, W. McDONALD, Romney, Va.:

SIR: Information has been received of the disastrous retreat of Garnett's command to Monterey and of McClellan's advance in that direc-

