HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 20, 1861.

Brigadier General W. W. LORING,

Provisional Army, Confederate States:

GENERAL: You are assigned to the command of the Northwestern Army, and it is important that you join it without delay. Brigadier General H. R. Jackson, now in command of the forces, was at Monterey when last heard from, and he will give you all the information relative to previous operations, the state of the troops, country, &amp;c., You will perceive the necessity of preventing the advance of the enemy, and the importance of restraining him the other side of the Alleghany Ridge. For this purpose you will occupy such passes as in your judgment will effect the object, and your attention is particularly called to the defense of the road leading from Huttonsville (where the enemy is said to be now stationed), through Mailing's Bottom to Huntersville, and the Warm Springs to Millborough, on the Virginia Central Railroad. In addition to the force you will find at Monterey and on the march from Staunton, Brigadier-General Floyd has been directed to move with his brigade upon Covington. Brigadier-General Wise, operating in the valley of the Kanawha, has been directed to move up towards the same point, and Colonel Angus W. McDonald, on the South Branch of the Potomac, to staunton. A union of all the forces in the West can thus be effected for a decisive blow, and, when in your judgment proper, it will be made. Such supplies as you cannot procure in your vicinity will be forwarded from Staunton and this place.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, July 21, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

President Davis directs me to say send forward instantly all the troops, ammunition of all kinds, and provisions; the troops and ammunition first. A terrible battle raging. Please answer.

THOS. G. RHETT,

Adjutant-General to General Johnston.

RICHMOND, July 21, 1861.

Major THOS. G. RHETT, Manassas Junction, Va.:

Everything is being done that it is possible to do. Trains leave to-night and early to-morrow morning with troops, provisions, and all the ammunition that can be collected. Keep us advised.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

MANASSAS, July 21, 1861.

We have won a glorious though dear-bought vicinity. Night closed on the enemy in full flight and closely pursued.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

