
MANASSAS, July 21, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, Richmond:

Night has closed upon a hard-fought field. Our forces have won a glorious victory. The enemy was routed and fled precipitately, abandoning a very large amount of arms, munitions, knapsacks, and baggage. The ground was strewn for miles with those killed, and the farm-houses and the ground around were filled with his wounded. The pursuit was continued along several routes towards Leesburg and Centreville, until darkness covered the fugitives. We have captured several field batteries and regimental standards, and one U. S. flag. Many prisoners have been taken. Too high praise cannot be bestowed, whether for the skill of the principal officers or for the gallantry of all the troops. The battle was mainly fought on our left, several miles from our field works. Our force engaged them not exceeding fifteen thousand; that of the enemy estimated at thirty-five thousand.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 21, 1861.

General W. W. LORING, Commanding Army of the Northwest:

GENERAL: In my letter of yesterday I directed your attention to the importance of occupying the strong passes on the roads leading to Staunton and Millborough, to prevent the enemy reaching the Virginia Central Railroad. The selection of those passes is, of course, left to your judgment; but, should General McClellan not have advanced beyond the Tygart's River Valley, the occupation of the Cheat Mountain, on the Staunton and Parkersburg Tunrpike, and the Middle Mountain, on the Huttonsville and Huntersville Turnpike, will hold those roads, from such information as I am able to get, against a large force. The route to Middle Mountain, I am told, is best by Millborough Depot, Pocahontas Court-House, &amp;c., and you are authorized to call upon Pocahontas and Greenbrier Counties for volunteers to hold Middle Mountain, or other passes, and to aid you in driving back the invaders.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 21, 1861.

Brigadier General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Northwestern Army, Virginia:

GENERAL: Three Tennessee regiments, expected at Lynchburg, are ordered to Staunton, to join the Northwestern Army. You are desired, in the event of their not reaching Staunton before you leave,m to give orders to Major M. G. Harman as to their disposition. If you find it necessary to move troops on the Warms Springs road, to get them in position on the Huntersville and Huttonsville Turnpike, for the defense of Elk Mountain or the Middle Mountain, to prevent the enemy seizing that road, and thus reaching the Virginia Central Railroad, you may find it advantageous to send the Tennessee regiments to Millborough. Major M. G. Harman, at Staunton, will make arrangements on your order.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-A field battery, Captain Stanley's, has been ordered to Staunton, to report to you.

