
that the enemy will advance by our route, other movements being mere artifices to conceal, if possible, their real course. I fear that I shall lose the services of the Bath Cavalry, as it seems to be almost in a mutinous state, on account of their dislike to their captain. Captain Gammon, however, of the Pocahontas Rescues, will fill his place, as far as infantry can. Our principal danger seems to be from Huttonsville, by a rough and circuitous route, impracticable to wagons, unless the enemy have recently worked upon it, along the Elk River, to our rear. Such, however, is the terror of the enemy at meeting our sharpshooter, that I think we can keep them from this approach. The militia of Bath and Pocahontas will need five hundred guns, and I wish they could be sent immediately. I shall employ such as have rifles immediately. Major Byrd, who rode forward last night, is satisfied that we may anticipate the enemy in the occupation of Middle Mountain. I respectfully suggest that the army be brought from McDowell, and be ready at Mounterey when the wagons arrive, which will be proceeded by Lieutenant Williams, of the Bath militia. You must determine as to ammunition.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN LEE.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE FORCES,Richmond, Va., July 23, 1861.

Brigadier General H. R. JACKSON, Army of the Northwest, Monterey, Va.:

GENERAL: I have received your two letters of the 20th, * reporting the state of militia operations in the northwest. You have done all under the circumstances that was proper, and all will yet be well.

Our brave troops must bear up against misfortune. Reverses must happen, but they ought only to stimulate us to greater efforts. I regret my inability to repair to your assistance, but events occurring in our front prevented. I am sure the glorious victory there achieved will cheer the hearts of your troops.

At the first report of the retreat from Beverly, anticipating your wants, I ordered ammunition, tents, blankets, cooking utensils, and shoes to be sent to you. But, unfortunately, they were sent, by mistake, to General T. J. Jackson, at Winchester. A duplicate supply of the articles have been forwarded to Staunton. General Loring, an officer of experience, has been assigned to the command of the Army of the Northwest, and he is accompanied by officers who have served years on the frontier.

Four Virginia regiments, one Arkansas, three Tennessee, and two Georgia regiments, and two field batteries are ordered to join the Northwestern Army. This force, with what ought to be organized from the hardy mountaineers, will be sufficient to drive back the invaders. There is a necessity for repelling them, and it must be done. Every assistant will be afforded in this quarter.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

STAUNTON, VA., July 23, 1861.

Major General R. E. LEE:

Your dispatch received. The Twelfth Georgia Regiment Colonel Johnson, is on top the Alleghany Mountains near Yager's; the First

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

63 R R-VOL II

