
North Carolina Regiment has been ordered to Elk Mountain; Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment, Colonel Scott, is at Monterey; Twenty-third Virginia Regiment, Colonel Taliaferro, is at McDowells, for recruits; First Georgia Regiment, Colonel Ramsey, is at McDowells', to recruit; Major Jones, with five iron pieces of artillery, is with the Twelfth Georgia Regiment; Captain Shumaker's battery, with two companies of the Twentieth Regiment, Captains Jones and Bruce, is at Monterey; six remnants of companies of the Twentieth Regiment have been ordered to general headquarters, and are on the march of Staunton. This was the position of the army yesterday at 4 p. m., when Major Tyler left Monterey. I would suggest that our forces are now so much scattered that the three Tennessee regiments be sent to Monterey. If you desire to re-enforce Elk Mountain, it could be done from Monterey, or be used to oppose the advance from Cheat Mountain, if is should be attempted.

M. G. HARMAN,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Richmond, Va., July 23, 1861.

Major M. G. HARMAN, Staunton, Va.:

General Jackson desires troops to be sent by Millborough, to re-enforce Elk Mountain. The first regiment that arrives must take that route, unless General Loring orders otherwise. Send Captain Marye by Millborough, and comply with orders from the commanding general without reference here. Unless cavalry is called for, Major Lee's squadron will await orders.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS,Monterey, Va., July 23, 1861.

Major M. G. HARMAN, Quartermaster, Staunton, Va.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of yesterday has just been placed in my hands (about 7 a. m.), and it will consequently be impossible for me to get the courier back to you by 10 o'clock this morning.

I must still continue to press upon you the importance of sending troops, with supplies and ammunition, as rapidly as possible, by the way of Millborough, to the Huttonsville turnpike. As I have already written and telegraphed to yourself and to headquarters, this point is equidistant from Huntersville and the Millborough Station, and the road thither is a common country road and very rough. Until further notice do not send any more troops to this point.

I do not think that Captain Marye's artillery will be in any danger whatsoever between Millborough and Huntersville. Colonel Lee's command will be on the road in advance of him, and between himself and the enemy. At Huntersville he will see Captain Cole, with whom he can confer as to any danger beyond that point. I cannot weaken Colonel Lee's command, already quite too small for the end to be accomplished, in order to guard against the possibility of danger, and I have no cavalry with me fit to be sent to the Warm Springs who are not upon necessary and arduous duty.

Very respectfully, yours,

H. R. JACKSON.

