HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHWEST,Monterey, Va., July 25, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, upon reaching here, I found the command very much scattered, and I am now endeavoring to concentrate it at points of strength near the Alleghany and on the turnpike from Millborough to Huntersville. Before my arrival General Jackson had forwarded two regiments of infantry in the direction of Elk Mountain. We have no positive information of their reaching it, but we have heard indirectly that Colonel Lee had succeeded in getting to Middle Mountain, and was in position. I shall push forward re-enforcements to him, and thus secure the turnpike and Central Railroad in that direction. I shall also re-enforce Colonel Johnson, who is in position on the Alleghany Mountains, which is not thought to be a very strong one.

No information has been received from Generals Wise or Floyd, except a rumor that the former had been victorious in a fight with the enemy, and that McClellan had sent Colonel McCook, with one regiment of infantry and a battery of artillery, to meet General Wise. Should Generals Wise and Floyd be delayed, it will be very necessary to send additional forces to this point and Huntersville, in order to secure beyond doubt the pass of the Alleghany and the turnpike leading to the Central Road. This is rendered more necessary in consequence of the utter demoralization of Colonel Ramsey's regiment of Georgia volunteers. Two other regiments are somewhat in the same condition. Upon my arrival at Staunton, day before yesterday, I there found a large number of officers and several hundred men belonging to Colonel Ramsey's and to other regiments, with leaves of absence to visit Georgia and other places. I immediately countermanded all of the furloughs, and ordered a competent officer stationed there to take charge of them, and to permit neither officer nor man to leave without authority from me. En route from Staunton I passed large numbers on the road, and was told that the farm houses on the road were filled with them. This is in consequence of Colonel Ramsey-stationed by General Jackson some ten miles below this point-having given his entire regiment leaves of absence. I have directed that every effort be made to concentrate them, but it may now be impossible to do so. I have ordered the arrest of Colonel Ramsey. At the latest dates neither the Tennessee nor Georgia regiments of infantry, nor the Georgia battery of artillery, which were assigned to this army, had reached Staunton.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CORPS, ARMY POTOMAC,Numbers 169. Manassas Junction, Va., July 25, 1861.

I. The subdivisions of this army corps will be organized at once as follows:

First Brigade, General M. L. Bonham, commanding: Second South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. B. Kershaw; Third South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel J. H. Williams; Seventh South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel Thomas G. Bacon, and Eighth South Carolina Regiment of Volunteers, Colonel E. B. C. Cash.

