
the other boats. I left Major Bedel with the remaining four companies, with instructions to return to Hilton Head as soon as practicable. The next morning early Major Bedel landed with two companies at Lawton's plantation. The remaining two companies went to Seabrook in the boats, and marched from there to this camp yesterday noon. Between 9 and 10 o'clock a.m. I left the plantation with the four companies there and arrived here in camp at 1 p.m. Every man that left the camp with me has returned. Five men are sick and in their quarters, and 1 was sent to the hospital on our return. The remainder of the men are in good health and spirits.

With great respect, this report is respectfully submitted.

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New Hampshire Vols.

To COMMANDING OFFICER,

Port Royal, S. C.

MARCH 12, 1862.-Occupation of Jacksonville, Fla., by the Union forces.

Report of Brigadier General Horatio G. Wright, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, EXPED'Y CORPS,Fernandina, Fla., March 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have just learned from my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Hubbell, who accompanied the expedition to the Saint John's River, that the batteries at the mouth of the river and at Saint John's Bluff were abandoned on the approach of the gunboats, and that Jacksonville was evacuated by the rebels before our forces reached the town. Jacksonville was occupied by six companies of the Fourth New Hampshire on the 12th instant. Seven saw-mills. 4,000,000 feet of lumber, a large hotel, four or five private dwellings, the railroad for launching were burned by the rebels on their evacuation of the place.

A portion of the gunboats, having with them one company of the Fourth New Hampshire Regiment, went to Saint Augustine, which the rebel forces had deserted on the first appearance of the expedition on the Florida coast. The inhabitants of the town are represented to have hailed with joy the arrival of our forces and their relief from the oppressive rule of the rebel authorities. At Jacksonville many of the inhabitants are still remaining, though considerable numbers had gone when our troops landed.

I shall endeavor to visit Jacksonville, and perhaps Saint Augustine, to-morrow, after which I will report more in detail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. H. PELOUZE,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. E. C., Hilton Head, S. C.

