
from us. The horse was a good one, and, with a mule taken from Bull Island, I have turned over to Colonel Reynolds, Government agent at this place, and have his receipt for them. After a thorough examination of the town I drew in my command, and retired rapidly and in good order without any attack from any quarter, and returned in the boats to Bull Island.

The officers and men behaved like good soldiers, moving steadily and quietly to and from the town; remained in ranks while in the town (with the exception of such squads as were ordered to examine the various houses), and in every way conducted themselves in a meritorious manner.

I visited the islands near Bull Island, finding a number of cattle, sheep, and hogs, and evidences that the enemy obtained some of their fresh provisions from these islands. As we were short of rations, I had a few of the cattle killed and properly distributed among my command.

On Monday, at 3 p. m., I returned to Hilton Head. All the boats, with the exception of three, are at Seabrook in good order. These three leaked badly from the start, and I had them sent to the wharf at Hilton Head for repairs. All my command have returned in good health and without one accident.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third New Hamphire Vols.

Colonel ENOCH Q. FELLOWS,

Third New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Hardeeville, S. C., March 23, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Major Willcoxon, commanding cavalry of Phillips Legion at Bluffton, reported to me yesterday afternoon [at] 3 p. m. that he had been driven back from Bluffton about 3 miles, and the enemy-could not say how many-[were] a mile and a half in his front, at Mr. James Pope's gate. I immediately sent forward to ascertain the facts, following on myself shortly after. The enemy were in the position stated by Major Willcoxon, but fell back again upon Bluffton and retired thence about 9 p. m.

I have moved troops forward and will take such position with others as I hope will enable me to cut off or drive back into the river any of the invaders, should they venture as far up the public road as they did yesterday. The enemy came up to Red Bluff yesterday in a steamer and shelled the woods in the vicinity. I have no further official account than this.

Captain Ives informed me that he was ready to supply me with torpedoes, but had no powder. I have made a requisition upon General Ripley for 1,200 pounds of blasting powder, the better qualities being so scarce.

The telegram of the major-general commanding has been received, and I will accordingly apply to General Lawton for the two regiments from Georgia, which will enable to move forward and act in concert with

