
the other regiments of my command, who are known to each other and are well drilled.

The whole command has been very much fatigue by their forced march of the other night-20th instant.

Major Willcoxon reports that the enemy landed at Hunting Island in ten barges.

Respectfully, yours,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocataligo, S. C.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Hardeeville, S. C., March 24, 1862.

SIR: I beg to submit to the consideration of the major-general commanding the accompanying papers in regard to the enemy's landing in the vicinity of Bluffton on the 20th and 22nd instant.

Numbers 1, report of Major Willcoxon, Phillips Legion, Georgia Volunteers, at Bluffton, of the landing on the 20th instant, together with Numbers 2, additional report of above, stating loss of 4 pickets; Numbers 3, copies of dispatches from Major Willcoxon concerning landing on 22nd instant; Numbers 4, report of Major Willcoxon in reference to landing of enemy on 22nd instant; Numbers 5, report of Captain Carlos Tracy, volunteer aide-de-camp, of the landing, &amp;c., on 22nd instant.

The examination of witnesses was made by Captain Tracy in the presence of Major Willcoxon without any contradiction by that officer of the testimony given by the officers and men eye-witnesses of the facts and circumstances stated.

Major Willcoxon no longer occupies a separate command, and I trust that under a new and severer discipline no such confused reports of the position and numbers of the enemy will again be forwarded like those which have so lately ended in harassing marches and disappointment to the troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOS. F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocataligo, S. C.

Numbers 3. Reports of Major John B. Willcoxon, Phillips Legion.

BLUFFTON, S. C., March 20, 1862.

DEAR SIR: This morning at day the enemy landed a regiment at Buckingham and one at Hunting Island, with a battery of artillery. As we approached Hunting Island to attack the enemy they opened their artillery on us, so that we could not approach them nearer then the gate. The enemy that landed at buckingham advanced to the church. There our skirmishers met, and after a few shots on either side the enemy has made on advance as yet from Hunting Island. We are fearful that we lost 4 pickets (as they have not yet returned), belonging to Captain Daniels' company. I have scouts watching the movements of the enemy.

