
I returned to New River Bridge, where I was to report to you, last night at 2 a. m.

This morning Lieutenant Milhollin, who led the scouting party, reported to me that he made the scout as expected; that no enemy was on the main-land anywhere near Bluffton, and that he had ascertained from satisfactory evidence that the objects seen and fired at by the sergeants and the two men last night, and on which was based the supposition that the enemy had returned to Bluffton, were branches of trees.

Respectfully,

CARLOS TRACY,

Aide-de-Camp.

HENRY E. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Major Willcoxon stated that he supposed the force of the enemy to be from 300 or 400 men.

Numbers 5. Miscellaneous orders and correspondence.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocataligo, S. C., March 20, 1862.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG,

Commanding Fourth Military District, Jericho, S. C.:

GENERAL: The general commanding the department directs that you will hold the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Jones, prepared and ready to move at a moment's notice. He also directs that the regiment should be lightly equipped and not encumbered by equipage, &amp;c. You will, if possible, hold them in readiness, with three days' rations in their knapsacks.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Pocotaligo, S. C., March 20, 1862.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG:

The major-general commanding the department directs that you move forward Colonel Jones' five companies near Tomotley, to the works on Bee Creek. They will proceed from Pocotaligo Station to Coosawhatchie by railroad. Transportation will be furnished immediately at Coosawhatchie. They will leave the cars and proceed by road to Bee Creek. Captain Thornton's light battery of artillery, Virginia volunteers, has been ordered to Grahamville, S. C. Replace Colonel Jones' five companies by a corresponding number from Colonel Dunovant's Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

By order of Major-General Pemberton:

[J. R. WADDY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

