
The rebels cavalry visit Elba Island, coming low down. The following is an exact copy of a document found on the island: "The Glynn Guards have been in gunshot of you, you damned scoundrels, and examined your quarters. We invite you ashore; we have no navy." I give it for what it is worth. The rebels have no fort erected at the head of Wilmington Narrows. A large back square object is to be seen in the river opposite Fort Jackson. It looks like a floating battery. Anchored in the stream, below the fort, there is a steamer with two large schooners, one on either side. I think they are both armed, and intended to be towed into action in that shape, as the schooners would in a measure protect the machinery of the steamer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. T. BEARD,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. H. LIEBENAU,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 29, 1862.- Affair on Edisto Island, S. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District of South Carolina.

Numbers 2.- Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe Legion.

Numbers 3.- Major F. G. Palmer, Holcombe Legion.

Numbers 4.- Lieutenant James Salvo, Washington Light Artillery.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Nathan G. Evans, C. S. Army, commanding Third Military District of South Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT S. C.,Adams Run, S. C., March 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: About two weeks since it was reported to me that the enemy had advanced from Edisto Island and had ocupied Little Edisto Island, with the probable intention of effecting a crossing at the Edisto Ferry or at Pineberry. I sent a reconnoitering party, consisting of Henry Seasbrook, Edward W. Seabrook, Joseph S. Whaley, Joseph Seabrook, and Dr. Hanahan, privates in the Marion Artillery, who willingly undertook to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy.

After three days' work Edward Seabrook reported to me that the enemy had a grand guard of four companies stationed on the northern extremity of Edisto and Little Edisto Islands. This position of the enemy was also reported to me by Colonel P. F. Stevens, commanding the Holcombe Legion, after a conference with whom I determined to attack the enemy, and directed Colonel Stevens to make the necessary arrangements, and that the expedition would be under his immediate command.

On Thursday morning, 27th instant, Colonel Stevens reported that the arrangements for crossing the river, &amp;c., were ready.

On the morning of the 28th instant I gave Colonel Stevens the written

