
conducted the several columns and rendered valuable assistance by their thorough knowledge of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Military Dist. S. C.

Captain J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT S. C.,Adams Run, S. C., March 28, 1862.

COLONEL: Proceed to-night to Edisto Island with the infantry force of your Legion, the Enfield Battalion, a section of the Washington Artillery, and a small detachment of cavalry, and attack the companies of the enemy said to be on Little Edisto Island at the Old Dominion, and also at the places of Messrs. Bailey and Whaley. You will attack these companies vigorously, charge the force on Little Edisto, destroying the bridge over the Little Edisto River after your passage, and drive the enemy off the island. You will place a reserve at Aiken's Mill, with orders to join you at the shortest notice. Another reserve will be held to assist you at Pineberry. You will use every precaution not to be cut off. For this purpose send a strong picket in the direction of Baynard's. Send also word to the pickets at Bear Island to inform you of the approach of any vessel coming up the South Edisto. Should you capture any prisoners, you will hurry them off to the reserve at Pineberry. Should you deem it practicable to pursue the enemy beyond Whaley's, at the forks of the roads, you will immediately advise me at Pineberry, stating the condition and position of the enemy. Should you encounter a superior force in numbers too great to engage, you will effect your retreat in good order to Aiken's Mill or to Pineberry, either was you should deem advisable and the most safe.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel P. F. STEVENS,

Commanding Expedition.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe Legion.
HEADQUARTERS HOLCOMBE LEGION,March 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from Brigadier General N. G. Evans, commanding, I last night moved from Jehossee, about 3 a. m., on an expedition to Edisto Island, with the following force, viz: The Enfield Battalion, 230 strong, Major P. Nelson, commanding; a detachment of cavalry, Holcombe Legion, dismounted, 75 men; Companies B and F, Holcombe Legion, 81 men; Companies A, C, D, E, G, and H, or rather portions of each, 261 men, commanded by Majors Palmer and Garlington.

Major Nelson, throwing our skirmishers from Captain Blair's com-

