
There I waited till sunset with the view of precluding the enemy from observing our movements, and also because the tide was more favorable at that hour for effecting a landing on the other side. I then passed my command over in three flats to Governor Aiken's Landing, on Jehossee Island.

Here, moving short distance along the road, I halted till 2.30 a. m. of Saturday, the 29th instant, and then taking a negro guide moved down to the Little Edisto River, and took up a position directly opposite to Hanahan's house, on Little Edisto Island. In this position I waited for the burning of the bridge which joined Big Edisto to Little Edisto, the signal for me to take my part in the engagement, which the rattle of musketry and the shouts of the combatants soon gave me to understand had now commenced.

Darkness seemed to linger later than usual, and I was afraid that the contest would be decided before it became light enough for me to render any assistance with the artillery. And when at last the daylight shone I found that a dense fog prevailed and entirely intercepted my view of the opposite shore, so that even the tops of the trees on Little Edisto were invisible. This unfortunate condition of affairs lasted until the engagement was over, effectually cutting me off from taking any share in it, and preventing my seeing even the signal for me to open fire.

After the firing had all ceased, having previously heard it in the direction of Hanahan's house, besides much shouting there, too, showing that our men had got there, I came to the conclusion that the fight at this point had been decided in our favor, and so, according to previous instructions, I sent the howitzer with orders to report to Colonel Shingler at Watt's Cut; but before it go their our troops had all recrossed to Jehossee Island, and being met by Colonel Shingler on the road, he ordered it to cross over to the main.

Shortly afterwards I received orders to the same effect, and in compliance therewith returned to Aiken's Landing with the other piece, and embarking the section, reached Grimball's Landing at 11.30 a. m. and this camp at 2 p. m., the pieces, horses, and men unscathed and in good condition.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JAMES SALVO,

Lieutenant, Commanding First Section Washington Light Artillery.

Adjutant DU BOSE, Holcombe Legion.

MARCH 30-31, 1862.- Affairs on Wilmington and Whitemarsh Islands, Ga.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Rudolph Rosa, Forty-sixth New York Infantry.

Numbers 3.- Brigadier General Alexander R. Lawton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS TYBEE ISLAND, GA., April 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I send herewith a report from Colonel Rosa, commanding the Forty-sixth New York, from which regiment the hulk in Lazaretto

