
knowledge of law which officers commanding troops are not presumed to possess. I would therefore suggest that the Government be recommended to appoint a district judge and marshal, to reside at Jacksonville, to take cognizance of all cases arising under the civil Federal jurisdiction; and as a convenience to the inhabitants of the place and the United States troops in the vicinity, I would suggest the propriety of the appointment of a postmaster for Jacksonville, for Fernandina, and for Saint Augustine, all of which places are in possession of our land and naval forces. I presume that the necessity for the establishment of a proper civil authority by the Federal Government is as fully appreciated by the commander of the naval forces as by myself; indeed, I understand from him that he will address a communication to the flag-officer upon that subject.

It gives me pleasure to state what is only an act of justice to Captain Stevens, of the Ottawa, commanding the naval forces in the Saint John's, that he has rendered every aid in his power to my command, and that in our counsels and our acts there has been an entire harmony of sentiment.

Some of the citizens of the vicinity, whom I believe to be loyal to the Union, have already brought or desire soon to bring in cotton and other products of their plantations and ship them to the North for sale. The orders so far received do not seem to be applicable to such cases, and I have the honor to request specific instructions in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Notice.] Jacksonville, Fla., April 7, 1862.

In accordance with orders issued by the general commanding the Department of the South, the troops will be withdrawn from this place, and I am directed by him to notify the people of Jacksonville that it is his intention to have all the aid and protection afforded to the loyal inhabitants of the interior of Florida that is practicable for the security of their personas and property and for the punishment of outrages, and that he holds all persons in that vicinity responsible for the preservation of order and quiet, being fully determined that any outrages upon persons or property contrary to the laws and usages of war shall be visited fourfold upon the inhabitants of disloyal or doubtful character nearest the scene of any such wrongs, when the actual and known perpetrators cannot be discovered. The undersigned trusts that, inasmuch as the unoffending citizens of this place have been treated with the utmost forbearance by our forces, it will not be necessary to carry out the intention expressed in the last clause of the above notice.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Jacksonville, Fla., April 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS BELL,

Commanding Fourth N. H. Regiment, Saint Augustine, Fla.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the department having directed the abandonment of Jacksonville as a military post and the re-enforcement of the garrison at Saint Augustine, I send by the Belvi-

9 R R-VOL VI

