
I also ask permission to exchange three of them for three of ours which were taken the Santa Rosa, near Pensacola, and are here on parole. This exchange could be made at Fernandina. I inclose reports of Colonel Davis, reporting the capture of these prisoners.*

I have the honor to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

APRIL 10, 1862.- Skirmish near Fernandina, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Lieutenant Colonel H. Bisbee, jr., Ninth Maine Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Colonel W. G. M. Davis, First Florida Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. Bisbee, Jr., Ninth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fernandina, Fla., April 27, 1862.

Report in case of a party of men belonging to Company I, Ninth Maine Regiment, captured by the enemy on the 10th of April, 1862.- Names of the party: Orderly Sergt. Richard Webster, Corp. James W. Bowman, Privates Isaac Whitney, John E. Kent, Alonzo B. Merrill, C. Wesley Adams, taken prisoners; Private Ansel Chase, killed.

At the time the above party were captured and killed Company I was doing picket duty at the railroad bridge which spans the creek separating Amelia Island from the main-land. They were captured at what is known in this vicinity as the Judge O'Neal place, which is about two miles and a half from the railroad bridge. The captain of the company (S. D. Baker) allowed this party of men on the 7th of April to remain at said Judge O'Neal place to protect the wife of one Mr. Heath, whom I held in arrest at the time, and who was living at O'Neal's house. Captain Baker left the party at said place without reporting it to his commanding officer, doing it as an act of kindness and sympathy for Mrs. Heath, and, as his men daily frequented the vicinity with impunity, did not think that he was doing a wrong act or exposing his men. On the same day (7th of April) Private William W. Lunt, of Company I, Ninth Maine Regiment, deserted, went to the enemy's lines, and, it is supposed, reported to the enemy that this party of men was stationed at Judge O'Neal's.

On Thursday, 10th of April, Captain Baker sent 2 men to order the party in, who found the dead body of 1 man, that from appearances had been shot that day, and the remainder of the party taken prisoners.

Very respectfully,

H. BISBEE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Maine Regiment.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding First Division, Southern Department.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

