
teries were most accurately reached. At about 10 to 11 a. m. I visited all the batteries, finding each of them most efficiently served, especially the small mortar batteries nearest the fort, the batteries just referred to in charge of the Navy and Captain Turner, and the columbiad batteries under Captain Pelouze. I found that an embrasure at the breached point, which was much enlarged on the previous day, was now opened to fully to size of the recess arch, or some 8 or 10 feet square, and the adjacent embrasures were rapidly being brought to a similar condition. At about noon the whole mask and parapet wall of the caseate first injured fell into the ditch, raising a ramp quite visible to us, and soon after the corresponding parts of the adjacent caseate began to fall, to Parrott and James shot passing entirely through (as we could see) the heavy timber blindage in rear of the casemates to the rear of the magazine on the opposite (northwest) angle of the fort.

In this state of things I felt sure that we would soon be able to peel off the whole scarp wall from the front of the casemates of the southeast front, making a breach greatly larger than the small garrison could defend, with probably another smaller breach upon the opposite side, and I at once determined that if the resistance was continued it would be best and entirely practicable to storm the fort successfully within thirty to forty hours, and I had given directions to General Gillmore to have suitable scaling-ladders prepared for the purpose, and was arranging for the proper forces, boats, &amp;c., when, at about 2 p. m., we discovered a white flag thrown up, and the rebel flag, after filling out to the wind for a few minutes at half-mast, came slowly to the ground. I then directed my assistant adjutant-general, Captain A. B. Ely, to leave for the fort, but finding soon after your own adjutant-general, Major Halpine, at the batteries, I commissioned him, accompanied by Captain ely, to proceed there with the terms I proposed-simply those of your first note-demanding the surrender of the garrison and all the armament and weapons; no other modification to be allowed than that they should have as favorable terms as are given by our Government in this war. General Gillmore reaching the upper batteries soon after, and appearing to desire it, and as his services most eminently merited that his wishes should be gratified, I authorized him also to pass over to accept the surrender of the fort, and the terms assented to by him are essentially those dictated by me, excepting, perhaps, those relating to the disabled men, who would otherwise have been a burden to us, and be the return of these I have endeavored to provide by a letter from Colonel Olmstead, the rebel commander, for the receiving of a like number of men of the Forty-sixth New York Regiment, captured from Tybee about two weeks since.

I have now in closing but the pleasing duty of reporting upon the instances of individual merit that have come under my observation during this siege, which reports must necessarily be brief where so may have done so well.

To the kind and cordial co-operation of the naval forces, under Flag-Officer DuPont, I feel that our highest thanks are due, for it was only by their assistance that we have been enabled to completely isolate the fort from the hope of succor and relief, while the ready supply of ordnance stores and other material most needed by us at the last moment has been of great value, and the battery manned by their detachment, under Lieutenant Irwin, I have the pleasure of stating, was one of the most efficiently served against the fort during the action, a supervision being kept over it constantly by Captain C. R. P. Rodgers in person, an

