
in any event, have unavoidably placed the garrison at the mercy of a storming column from our command.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding N. Dist., Dept. of the South.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.
HDQRS. NORTH. DIST., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Tybee River, Georgia, April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the satisfaction of inclosing to you herewith the terms of surrender of Fort Pulaski, as arranged this day by Acting Brigadier General Q. A. Gillmore, whom I dispatched to the fort for that purpose immediately after the appearance of the white flag from that fort at about 2 p. m. this day, the anniversary of the opening of the fire upon Fort Sumter by the rebels last year. The terms agreed to by Colonel C. H. Olmstead, the rebel commander of the fort, are essentially those dictated by myself, and such as I trust will meet your approval, from my previous communication with you on this subject.

With much congratulation to you on this flat success in your present department, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier General Commanding N. Dist., First Div., Dept. of the South.

Major General D. HUNTER, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department of the South.

[Inclosure.]

FORT PULASKI, GA., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the terms of capitulation for the surrender to the United States of Fort Pulaski, Ga., signed by me this 11th day of April, 1862. I trust these terms will meet your approval, they being substantially those authorized by you as commander of the district.

The fort hoisted the white flag at a quarter before 2 o'clock this afternoon, after a resistance since 8 o'clock yesterday morning to the continuous fire of our batteries. A practicable breach in the walls was made in eighteen and a half hours' firing by daylight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier General, Vols., Commanding U. S. Forces at Tybee Island, Ga.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding N. Dist. Dept. of the South, Tybee Island, Ga.

Terms of capitulation agreed upon for the surrender to the forces of the United States of Fort Pulaski, Cockspur Island, Ga.

ARTICLE 1. The fort, armament, and garrison to be surrendered at once to the forces of the United States.

ART. 2. The officers and men of the garrison to be allowed to take with them all their private effects, such as clothing, bedding, books, &amp;c.; this not to include private weapons.

