
furnished by the Ordnance Department were too narrow to allow them to be traversed sufficiently. I immediately steps were taken to provide the lumber necessary to enlarge the platforms. A grillage was formed of longs, and upon these planks were laid, increasing the width to 20 feet. Some of the lumber used had to be transported from the Winfield Scott, and other pieces obtained by pulling down houses on Daufuskie Island.

The subsequent engagement with the gunboats of the enemy showed that our platforms were now sufficiently wide and firm. The spring tides now coming on, the whole island was covered with water, and our efforts were immediately directed to the completion of a level around the work. After having the battery twice flooded this was accomplished. The work for some days could not be prosecuted only at low water, and then with great difficulty, in consequence of the softening of the surface. Since then the work has been progressing constantly, though slowly.

There is now a parapet around the work over 1,000 feet in length, from 6 to 10 feet thick, differing on different faces, and from 3 to 4 feet high. The magazine is covered on top by 5 feet of earth and sand bags, and on the sides by about 10 feet in thickness of the same material. It is not entirely completed. A board walk has been built about 6 feet in rear of the platforms, to extend the whole length of the work, with other walks leading from this to the platforms. A good wheelbarrow road has been made across the island by laying poles about 2 feet apart and placing boards upon them. Some of the lumber last brought from Hilton Head has been applied towards making the garrison as comfortable as possible.

About the 19th of this month it was decided by you that a battery should be placed on the north end of Birg Island. It was staked out the next day, and the same night the guns and material were taken from Daufuskie Island to that point and landed. On the following day the platforms were laid and the guns put in position. Since then the levee has been built around work, and in addition to this another has ben built for the protection of the camp of the infantry supports against high tides. A magazine has also been built here, and secured as far as practicable. A strong wind prevented our flats from being towed backward and forward for two or three days, and consequently has prevented us from supplying the battery with sufficient lumber up to this time. Some of the platforms have begun to sink, and will have to be railed. Profiles have been put up on this battery,a nd it is steadily progressing. Timbers for the foundation of the platforms for the columbiad have been got out of the houses pulled down on this island, and are ready as soon as transportation can be had for them.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

P. H. O'RORKE,

Lieutenant of Engineers, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General EGBERT L. VIELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces on Savannah River.

Numbers 5. Reports of Brigadier General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army, of operations against Fort Pulaski, January 28-April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the several batteries established on Tybee Island, to operate against Fort Pulaski, opened fire on the

