
having the immediate command of the batteries, assisted by Captain Yates and Major John Barnwell. The enemy opened fire upon us about 9 a.m ., which was briskly returned by us until many of our guns were either disabled by them or rendered useless by various accidents. The two rifled guns failed, in consequence of it being found impossible to force down the shells, after two or three discharges. The 10-inch gun at the fourth or fifth discharge was rendered useless. Two of the 42-pounders were also rendered useless.

About 2 p. m., finding the fire of our batteries had nearly ceased, I inquired of Major Huger where Colonel Wagener was. He informed me that the colonel had been stunned by the bursting of a shell, and that he (Major Huger) was then in command of the battery. On consulting with him it was determined that Mr. L. Cheves and myself (Mr. Cheves acting as aide to General Drayton) should proceed to the magazine and inquire into the state of the ammunition. On reaching the door we were met by Lieutenant Scanlan, who reported that there were about ten our eleven rounds for 32-pounders left. On returning and reporting this to Major Huger it was decided that, as we could fight no longer with any hope of success, one or two guns should still be served slowly until all the wounded could be removed, and then to evacuate the fort. This was fortunately accomplished with but little additional loss, and the retreat to Buckingham Ferry commenced.

For particulars respecting the officers and men of my own regiment on duty in the fort I refer you to the reports of Captain Josiah Bedon and Captain D. S. Canaday. The list of killed and wounded has already been sent in by my adjutant. Colonel Wagener's report, I presume, will furnish all the necessary information respecting his regiment. I regret that my report should be so short, but without a room for myself, with very little convenience for writing, constant applications for leave of absence, noise and confusion about me, I find it impossible to write more.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. C. HEAYWORD,

Colonel Ninth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain H. E. YOUNG,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain Bedon and Lieuts. J. E. Heape, J. J. Guerard, and W. A. Boyle heaved with distinguished bravery during the whole action. Mr. Joseph A. Huger and Mr. Hugh Rose, aides to General Drayton, rendered great assistance and displayed great coolness.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel W. D. De Saussure, Fifteenth South Carolina, Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

CAMP LEE, November 17, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from the general commanding, I beg leave to make the following report of casualties in the Fifteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers at the battle of Fort Walker, on Hilton Head Island, on the 7th of November, 1861.*

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows officers (Lieuts. Z. E. Suggart and James Norris) killed, and 2 officers and 12 enlisted men wounded, but see statement of casualties on p.12

2 R R-VOL VI

---------------

