
enth, and Forty-eighth New York, the Eighth Maine, and the Third New Hampshire Regiments.

Second Brigade, Brigadier-General ---. - The two remaining Maine regiments, the remaining New Hampshire, and one of the Massachusetts regiments.

Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Wright. - The two Connecticut regiments and the first two Massachusetts regiments that arrive.

The Rhode Island regiment is reserved for special service and will be disposed of hereafter.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., September 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I telegraphed you on the 17th and 18th instant, and would now repeat the dispatch, by saying that the Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers left New Haven for Washington on the 17th instant with 974 men, rank and file, and the Seventh Regiment left on the 18th instant with about 1,000 men. Under the direction of General Sherman I fitted the regiments with only five wagons and two ambulances and a corresponding number of horses to each.

I am, dear sir, your, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., September 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that, in accordance with your telegraphic message of the 14th instant, received on the evening of that day, in the words following -

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 14, 1861.

Governor MORGAN,

Astor House:

Secure transportation to-day, and forward immediately to Washington the three regiments intended for Sherman and all others that you can possibly send. Give them arms and start them. Sherman has been ordered here with all his force. Let me know immediately what you can do.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War -

I have dispatched six infantry regiments to Washington, commanded and of the strength, respectively, as near as can be ascertained at this moment: Forty-seventh New York, Colonel Moore, 662; Forty-eighth New York, Colonel Perry, 950; Forty-sixth New York, Colonel Rosa, 675; Forty-third New York, Colonel Vinton, 750; Forty-ninth New York, Colonel Bidwell, 800; Fiftieth New York, Colonel Stuart, 864. The first three were being organized for Brigadier-General Sherman, to be sent to his camp at Hempstead. The remaining three regiments would have been sent to General Wool at Fortress Monroe, agreeably to orders of 27th August, but for the above dispatch. I also forwarded

