
other officer. His excellency pledged to you his own personal efforts to secure to you the first regiments whose organization should be completed in the State after the dispatch to Washington of the five regiments which were forming when you first visited Boston. Those five regiments are all now in the field in active service, and the three which he conceives rightfully to belong to your command (being the three which will next be completed) are General Wilson's two regiments, now encamped at Springfield, i. e., the Twenty-second and Twenty-third, and the Twenty-fifth Regiment, now encamped at Worcester. Other regiments can be furnished General Butler in proper time, and neither he nor any other commander ought to be allowed to divert from you these three regiments, which are yours almost by right. His excellency, so far as he can influence the matter, proposes to assign to General Butler the regiment being raised by Colonel Jones (the Twenty-sixth), who is a townsman and a personal and political friend of General Butler, and also an Irish regiment, whose organization is in progress. There can be no just pretense on which your claim to the Twenty-second, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fifth can be disputed; but as it is probable that it may, nevertheless, be drawn into question, his excellency relies upon you, for your own sake, to assist him to maintain it. The Twenty-second is already full, and it will be ready to move at the beginning of next week - certainly by October 1. The Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth are also in an advanced state of progress.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Captain and Military Secretary.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., September 23, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Since the accompanying letter was written his excellency Governor Andrew has received a telegram from the office of the Secretary of War as follows:

Select the regiments yourself for Sherman, and supply him first.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

THOS. DREW,

Assistant Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,New York, September 27, 1861.

Captain RUFUS SAXTON,

Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: The vessels chartered to transport the fourteen regiments are to form two divisions, to move and act together or separately, as the circumstances may require.

Division Numbers 1 is to accommodate 8,000 men, the ordnance and ordnance stores, provisions, and material for a certain locality, the amount of which will be furnished you by the chief ordnance officer and commissary.

