
Division Numbers 2 is to accommodate, say, 5,000 men, with the ordnance and ordnance stores, provisions, and material for another locality, the amount of which will also be furnished you by the same officers.

The light guns and their carriages complete, with their ammunition, are to be so placed on the transports that they can be got off at a moment's notice for immediate action. The regimental commissaries will have sufficient supplies furnished them for the voyage, so that the bulk of the supplies will remain intact during the voyage. The surf-boats are to be so secured that they can be launched with safety at a moment's notice.

A transport must be fitted up mainly for the purpose of transporting the horses, and the greatest security afforded them by proper stalls and slings. A sufficient quantity of disinfectants must be taken along to insure health on board each vessel.

The shipping of so large a quantity of supplies and the necessary distribution of it among so many vessels will demand a great deal of care and system to prevent misplacement and delay in getting at the proper stores wanted at the period of landing, as well as to prevent losses, and you are authorized to employ all the assistance necessary to effect these important ends. The most of the staff officers of the command being necessarily employed with their brigades in Washington City, it will require the utmost exertion and management on your part to get this expedition fitted out within the time designated, and you are authorized to call on Colonel Tompkins for any assistance he can render, and if that is insufficient, to employ responsible agents to assist you in the work.

Very respectfully,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 5, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Commanding Fort Monroe:

Please select 1,000 active men from the lot of fugitive contrabands now on hand at Fort Monroe, and prepare them to accompany General Sherman's expedition to the Southern coast. Have them ready to embark by the 15th of October. General Sherman will provide transportation.

I have the honor to be, very truly, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 10. Washington, D. C., October 5, 1861.

I. Surg. George E. Cooper, Medical Department, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as medical director to this command.

II. Brigadier-General Viele's brigade will continue its movement to Annapolis, as before directed.

III. Brigadier General H. G. Wright will move his brigade to Annapolis at the earliest possible moment. The Ninth Maine and the Fourth New Hampshire Regiments are assigned to this Third Brigade and will move with it, taking the place of the two Massachusetts regiments not arrived.

General Wright will apply to the headquarters of the Army of the

