
It is believed that the course thus indicated will best secure the substantial rights of loyal masters and the proper benefits to the United States of the services of all disposed to support the Government, while it will avoid all interference with the social systems or local institutions of every State, beyond that which insurrection makes unavoidable and which a restoration of peaceful relations to the Union under the Constitution will immediately remove.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 14, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

U. S. Volunteers:

SIR: You have been selected to command the land portion of a joint expedition with a naval squadron, and selected on account of its importance. A short letter of general instructions you have already received from the War Department, and are fully impressed with the principal objects of the expedition. Wishing to leave you a wide margin of discretion, I have but little to add, and that little relates to the principles which govern co-operation in joint expeditions. No land officer can be subjected in strictness to the orders of any sea officer until placed on ship to serve as a marine, and no sea officer under the orders of a land officer unless placed in some fortification to assist in its defense or before it to assist in its capture. But land troops embarked in vessels of war for transportation merely will be considered, in respect to naval commanders, as passengers, subject, of course, to the internal regulations of the vessel.

Cordiality and deference on the part of our land forces towards those of our Navy in the service in question need scarcely to be urged. Hearty reciprocity cannot fail to be the result. To this end free and frequent conferences between the joint commanders are recommended. Accordingly the President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, requires and expects the most effective and cordial co-operation between the commanders of the expedition, their officers and men, and will hold all, in proportion to rank, to a strict and severe responsibility for any failure to preserve harmony and to secure all the objects of the joint expedition.

You will take care to maintain strict order and discipline among your troops, not to neglect opportunities of making the prescribed returns to the Adjutant-General, and to report to him every incident of importance that may occur to your command.

I am, with great respect,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,
 Annapolis, Md., October 14, 1861.

Numbers 11. The following-named officers are announced upon the staff of the general commanding:

Captain Louis H. Pelouze, Fifteenth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant George Merrill, U. S. volunteers, aide-de-camp.

Captain Rufus Saxton, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster.

12 R R - VOL VI

