
As the command was all day under the eye of the general I deem it unnecessary to report its operations during the engagement, but cannot close without bringing to the notice of the general commanding that Colonel Randolph Spaulding, of Georgia, attached himself to Company B of this regiment, and fought throughout the day as a private in the ranks.

Respectfully submitted.

W. D. DE SAUSSURE,

Colonel Fifteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain H. E. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Francis D. Lee, South Carolina Engineers.

NEW RIVER BRIDGE, December 4, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to instructions I have the honor of submitting the following report of the defenses of Hilton Head up to the time of the bombardment of Fort Walker, November 7, 1861:

As Chief of Engineers S. C. A., I received instructions during the month of May, 1861, from General Beauregard, then commanding provisional forces in South Carolina to carry into execution the defensive works on this coast. The general location of these defenses, together with the number and character of guns to be employed, was designated by General Beauregard, and the immediate necessity of the early completion of the proposed works was urged upon those in authority.

In the month of June I received an appropriation of $15,000, and with this limited means at my disposal commenced the works at Port Royal, Captain Gregorie, S. C. a., being charged with the construction of Fort Beauregard at Bay Point. Shortly after the commencement of this work Major J. H. Trapier, C. S. Engineers, having been charged with the engineering work in this State, and by order of the governor having transferred to Major Trapier the corps then under my command, I was instructed to proceed to Hilton Head and carry into execution the defensive work at that point.

I immediately on the receipt of this order organized a party of artisans, and leaving Charleston July 1, 1861, reached Hilton Head on the 3rd of the same north. The labor necessary for the conduct of the work was to be immediately furnished by the planters of the vicinity, by owing to some delays in the issuing of the order no laboring force was put at my disposal for three weeks after my arrival at Hilton Head.

In the mean time I designed and laid out the proposed work, a sketch* of which accompanies this report. The armament of the water front, as ordered by General Beauregard, consisted of seven 10-inch columbiads, and my plans were arranged for such a battery. The interior slopes of the water battery were consequently intended for seven circular traverses against enfilading fire. The labor having arrived, the work was rapidly pressed forward, and by September 1, 1861, was ready to receive its armaments. In place of receiving seven 10-inch guns, but one could be procured, together with one 10-inch columbiad, model bored to a 32-pounder and rifled; one 8-inch columbiad, model bored to a 24-pounder and rifled; one 8-inch columbiad; nine navy 32-pounders; three navy

---------------

*To appear in Altas.

---------------

