
II. Second Brigade, Brigadier General I. I. Stevens, commanding.

Roundhead Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to steamer Ocean Queen.

Five companies of the Fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to steamer Ocean Queen.

Five companies of the Fiftieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to steamer Vanderbilt.

Eighth Regiment Michigan Volunteers to steamer Vanderbilt.

The horses and wagons pertaining to the Second Brigade are assigned to the steamer Ben De Ford.

III. Third Brigade, Brigadier General H. G. Wright, commanding.

Fourth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers to the steamer Baltic.

Sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers to the steamers Marion and Parkersburg.

Seventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers to the steamer Illinois.

Ninth Regiment Maine Volunteers to the steamer Coatzacoalcos.

The horses and wagons pertaining to the Third Brigade are assigned to the steamer Baltic.

IV. Hamilton's light battery to steamer Ericsson.

V. The Battalion of Volunteer Engineers (now at Fortress Monroe, Va.) to the steamer Star of the South.

VI. The regiment of Rhode Island volunteers (now at Fortress Monroe, Va.) to the steamer Cahawba.

VII. Division headquarters to the steamer Atlantic and the horses pertaining thereto to the steamer Ericsson.

VIII. Each brigade commander will select from the transports assigned to his brigade the one upon which the headquarters will embark, the name of the transport thus selected to be reported to these headquarters.

IX. The horses and equipments of mounted officers will, as far as practicable, be so placed as to be disembarked at the shortest notice.

X. Brigade commanders will issue and enforce such orders as will effectually prevent any person not belonging to the military organization from embarking on their transports, and will prevent any stores from being shipped but the necessary provisions and supplies, including the authorized allowance of camp and garrison equipage.

XI. No sutler but the one appointed by the Secretary of War will be recognized in any manner or received on board the transports belonging to this command.

By order of General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 16. Annapolis, Md., October 17, 1861.

It is confidently expected that General Orderes, Numbers 15, current series, from these headquarters will be enforced with vigor and promptitude. The officers concerned will infuse into their men a spirit of energy adequate to the occasion; they will see that their respective commands move with life and alacrity; that all work is so systematized that every man and body of men may work to advantage.

Each officer and man will apply his every effort to the task set before him, and will exhibit at all times and upon all occasions that spirit of

