
III. On the approach of the transports to the place of disembarkment each brigade commander will anchor his transports as near each other as practicable, and will at the proper time superintend the disembarkment of his brigade. The surf-boats, with other means for disembarkment on hand, are believed to be capable of landing at once from 3,000 to 4,000 men. The surf-boats are of different sizes. Two of the largest may take the officers and men of a company of 100 men; two of the next size a company of 70 men, and so on in proportion. The other means of transportation may take the remainder of a brigade, with probably one or two sections of field artillery.

IV. The disembarkment will be made in three lines. The first line will be the brigade of General Wright, flanked by two sections of Hamilton's light battery, and accompanied by the squad of Regular Sappers and Miners, and two companies of Serrell's volunteer engineers, with a sufficient supply of entrenching tools and sand bags. The second line will be the brigade of General Steveens, and, if necessary, accompanied by a section of Hamilton's battery and two field pieces, to be manned by a company of the Third Rhode Island Regiment. The reserve will be composed of General Viele's brigade, the remaining portion of Serrell's volunteer engineers, and the Third Rhode Island Regiment, and will be disposed of according to circumstances.

V. The boats of not only each company, but of each regiment and brigade, will land abreast as far as practicable, and in the order of battle. The utmost effort will be made to effect the landing in that order. Should it be found impracticable to land immediately from the lighters, then the surf-boats, when emptied, will immediately proceed to the rapid landing of the men from the lighters, and as soon as the whole line is landed all the boats will return and bring forward in like manner the troops of the second line, and so with the reserve.

VI. The general officers and commanders of battalions, &amp; c., will be furnished in time with the plan of descent and the particular order of battle. It is probable that the first line will have to conquer the ground on which to establish itself, and, if opposed by greatly superior numbers, to maneuver, and perhaps to momentarily intrench. If not seriously opposed, the first line, after overcoming immediate difficulties, will continue to drive backward the enemy, but will not venture beyond supporting distance from the shore before the landing of the general commanding or without his special orders.

VII. The commanding officer of the naval squadron has kindly consented to furnish 300 sailors to assist in launching and manning the surf-boats, and he appeals to the patriotism of the masters, mates, and sailors of the several transports to furnish an additional number of coxswains and oarsmen. Any deficiency of oarsmen in surf-boats will be supplied from the platoons on board of these respectively, so that each boat, when ready, may be rapidly rowed ashore. The soldier oarsmen will land and form with their platoons.

VIII. General and field officers, with their respective staffs, will endeavor to obtain landing boats for themselves, with the necessary coxswains and oarsmen from the transports and other hired vessels of the fleet.

IX. The senior officer of the troops on board each transport will arrange with the master for voluntary helps of this kind which may be needed and can be given, and will make a special report to these headquarters as early as practicable of the assistance thus rendered.

X. As soon as the landing shall have been effected the surf and other

