
150 have come in, mostly able-bodied men, and it will soon be necessary to furnish them with coarse clothing.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. SAXTON,

Captain, U. S. Army, Assistant Quartermaster.

[Indorsements.]

NOVEMBER 15, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. The requisition for pile-driver has been approved. The save escape of all the vessels engaged by Captain Saxton did credit to his care and judgment.

There should be a regular line of large steamers between New York and Port Royal now running as transports. I know of none better than the Atlantic and Baltic, and I suggest the propriety of purchasing instead of chartering for the consideration of the Department of War.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

NOVEMBER 16, 1861.

I read the indorsement to the Secretary, who decides that the Baltic and Atlantic may be purchased. Requested Mr. Tucker to see to this.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Numbers 24. Hilton Head, S. C., November 11, 1861.

The general commanding is pained to know that some of the troops of his command have, without orders, invaded the premises of private individuals and committed gross depredations upon their property, and what he considers a matter of still graver character and most prejudicial to the discipline of the command and the interests of the service is, that some commissioned officers (it is hoped but few) have not only connived at these outrages, but have actually participated in them.

The rights of citizens to be secure in their property and the character of the American Army are too important to allow such transactions to go unrebuked. The first duty of the soldier is the protection of the citizen. The political character of the citizen is not to be judged and weighed in this manner by the soldier, and there must be by him no molestation of his lawful rights. The Government alone is to decide how far the present unfortunate condition of this portion of the country is to authorize or demand a departure form the well-settled principles of American law.

Brigade commanders and all other commanding officers will at once see that these depredations cease, and endeavor to ascertain the names of the perpetrators, that they may be brought to justice.

All horses, cattle, and other private property which have been taken off any of the plantations and now in the hands of officers or soldiers, will be immediately surrendered to the chief quartermaster, who will cause an inventory to be taken of the same, stating, if practicable, to whom the property belongs, and make a report to these headquarters.

II. All public property left by the enemy, such as muskets, accouterments, &amp; c., and now in the hands of soldiers or citizens, will be immediately turned over to the chief ordnance officer, Lieutenant Francis J. Shunk.

