
Forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers on the steamer Star of the South.

Forty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers on the steamer Cahawba.

Eighth Regiment Maine Volunteers on the steamer Ariel.

Third Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers six companies on the steamer Daniel Webster and four companies on the steamer Marion.

Two companies of the Regiment of Volunteer Engineers on the steamer Oriental.

Three companies of the Third Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers on the steamer Matanzas.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Hilton Head, S. C., November 25, 1861.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that we have found stowed away on Ladies Island two light-house apparatus, including lamps and reflectors, with a large quantity of oil. I thought it best to turn the same over to Commodore DuPont, as he has better facilities for keeping them safe and secure than we have. He had before one also which he found at Beaufort.

It having been learned by a reconnaissance sent to the neighboring island that the forts on Tybee Island had been deserted by the rebels, I informed Commodore DuPont of the same, whereupon he yesterday started some gunboats down there, and discovered it to be a fact. We have therefore another light-house, which should be relighted at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Hilton Head, S. C., November 25, 1861.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Our scouts have found the fort on Ladies Island covering the Coosaw River, which was deserted by the rebels at the time of the capture of this place. The scouts spiked the guns, but we shall remove them as soon as practicable to this place. Our scouts have been up into the vicinity of Port Royal Ferry, and discovered that the advanced outpost of the enemy is at that point and that their main body is at Pocotaligo. There is another large force also collecting at Grahamville, nearer to Savannah, and also on the railroad, the advance post of which is at Bluffton, a small village some 10 or 14 miles from here. The object of these forces is undoubtedly to protect the railroad and cover the interior of the State against our invasion in that direction, which, from all the information I can gather, they are daily expecting.

I have already briefly referred to our facilities, or rather want of facil-

