
we are developing in these operations. Our coast is becoming more and more extended. The operations of the engineer, ordnance, and artillery departments are of the greatest importance. We have not officers enough to manage them, particularly with raw troops, where every man must be instructed to avail anything. I recommend that three more engineer officers, two ordnance officers, and several artillery officers be sent here at once. The want of direction among our raw hands, a direction which the few officers here cannot sufficiently give, is a serious cause of delay in everything we undertake to do. I also ask that an officer of the Quartermaster's Department, of rank and great experience, be sent to control the operations of that department here. A good pontoon bridge would also be desirable here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., December 4, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Since my letter of the 27th ultimo Tybee, Island has been thoroughly examined, and I inclose herewith a copy of the report of the engineer, Captain Gillmore, whose opinion is in accordance with my own as to the feasibility of shelling Fort Pulaski, and, if not demolishing it, of rendering it untenable. I am about occupying that island with a regiment, and as soon as practicable shall mount some sea-coast guns in the work near the light-house, so as to secure the channel entering the river in the absence of naval vessels.

The reduction of Fort Pulaski will require an armament from the North, and I inclose herewith the amount of ordnance we shall require, which I beg may be forwarded to Tybee Island at the earliest practicable moment, in charge of an active and experienced ordnance officer, if a suitable artillery officer cannot be obtained; for I repeat form former communications that, this command being composed of raw volunteers and a dearth of experienced and instructed officers, an impossibility now exists of obtaining proper hands to direct.

The shelling of Pulaski may have an important effect in favor of some other movement that it might be possible to carry on at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OFFICER E. C.,Hilton Head, S. C., December 1, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.:

SIR: Agreeably to your orders I proceeded in the steamer Ben DeFord, on the afternoon of the 29th ultimo, to Tybee Island, to make a military examination of that locality. We arrived at the Tybee light-house about 7 p. m., when I called upon the senior naval officer present, and made arrangements with him for disembarking my escort (three companies of the Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, under Major Drew) at

13 R R - VOL VI

