
constructed on the narrow neck which Captain Gillmore describes, but that their barbette guns effectually shell the shore. Now, as you proceed west, you are constantly shortening the line between the island and Pulaski. In a word, though guns will be of much importance to assist in the work, yet if the place is to be reduced, it is to be done with mortars of the heaviest caliber, and if it should even turn out that the bomb-proofs cannot be ruptured, the place can be made untenable.

Respectfully submitted.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 4, 1861.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Hilton Head, S. C., December 6, 1861.

Colonel RUDOLPH ROSA,

Commanding Forty-sixth New York Volunteers:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you take post with your regiment on North Tybee Island with as little delay as practicable, and at once take up a defensive position, so as to hold the entire island. Your men will occupy as quarters the buildings near the light-house, and you will establish a camp on the clear ground near the light-house, always keeping out pickets at the salient points of the island. Your attention is particularly called to the narrow neck of land west of the light-house, as a point which should always be guarded. The work thrown up by the enemy at this point should be torn down to the ground as soon as possible, and, to avoid the effects of the fire from Fort Pulaski, this should be done in the night. You must take every precaution against being surprised, and in the mean time take particular care that the works thrown up about the light-house are not injured or defaced in any way, as guns are to be mounted in them as soon as they can be got there. You will take particular care of your supplies, and see that they are not in any way wasted or destroyed. You will see that vessels sent there are unloaded as soon as possible and sent back to this place. You will keep these headquarters informed of all passing events.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NINTH MAINE REGIMENT,

December 6, 1861.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sherman's Command:

As directed, on Thursday, October [November] 28, with three companies from this regiment, I relieved Captain Ely at Graham's plantation, and posted pickets at points most advantageous for observation and defense. There had been none previously posted on Baynard's plantation, on the point at Spanish Wells, on account of its distance from the reserve; but I judged it expedient to station a small force there, with a horse, in order to bring me word if anything important should occur.

The picket at that point reports that on Sunday night, December 1, at about 2 o'clock, a boat filled with armed men, apparently, came from the direction of Hunting Island, with the seeming intention of entering

