
Broad Creek. On hailing and receiving no reply they fired upon the boat, when considerable confusion ensued, the boat turning and rowing rapidly back.

On Saturday I made a reconnaissance of Pinckney Island and vicinity. From Muddy Point, the western extremity of the island, I saw the rebel picket at Topping Landing, on the main, scarcely a rifle-shot distance. From negroes who came over that day I found that they have mounted pickets at Fort Point, 3 miles above Topping Landing, at the junction of Mackay's Creek and Broad River; also at Hog Bluff, 1 mile below Topping Landing; at Buckingham, or Ferry Landing, and on Hunting Island, so called - in reality a peninsula, extending into Skull Creek in a northeasterly direction from Bluffton.

On Monday I reconnoitered Bull's Island. There is a large quantity of corn and cotton there, about 200 head of cattle, and 100 sheep; also a small steam-engine, in good repair, of about 8-inch cylinder and 18-inch stroke. I learned that the rebels constantly come over in the night, in small parties, and carry off the stock. Negroes are constantly coming from the main, and report the rebel force in and about Bluffton to be 400, two companies of which are infantry, composed mostly of boys and old men; the remainder mounted.

On Tuesday night John and Rollin Kirk, brothers, and a Mr. Pinckney, landed on Pinckney Island, for the purpose of taking off the stores; but the negroes getting off in boats and raising an alarm, they left the island without accomplishing their object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SABINE EMERY,

Major, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,Beaufort, S. C., December 8, 1861.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps, Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: At 8.30 o'clock I moved forward towards the ferry with Hammilton's section, under Lieutenant Ransom, and 600 infantry. Captain Burket is now proceeding cautiously, with 100 men, in the same direction, and is about 4 miles from this point. My information is that the enemy are on the island, with 140 cavalry and 100 infantry. It is reported that Captain Barmode was wounded in the arm in the affair of pickets night before last.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,Beaufort, S. C., December 8, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel BRENHOLTS,

Commanding Detachment, Port Royal Ferry:

SIR: In command of the three companies of the Fiftieth Pennsylvania Regiment which have been assigned to you, you will move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, proceed to Port Royal Ferry, and relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, now stationed there. Tents will not be required, as

