
ever, is independent of that required for the reduction of Fort Pulaski. I have also to report that I have occupied Port Royal Island with General Stevens' brigade. I very much regret the necessity of this measure, as, although fully convinced of its untenability by the enemy, he has commenced against us a system of blockade by constructing piles and stockades across the Coosaw River, washing the northern and western sides of the island, and thus intercepting the navigation around the island. General Stevens has driven off his pickets, and now holds both sides of Port Royal Ferry. This island can be held by a small force, and I hope to be able to make use of part of that brigade for other movements. At the same time I repeat my former recommendation for more troops here and some cavalry.

The enemy's line can be considered strategically as occupying the country from Ossabaw Sound through Savannah and the important places on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, viz, Hardeeville, Grahamville, Coosawhatchie, Pocotaligo, and so on to the left. Some point on this line should be struck soon, but nothing but the development of circumstances and the quantity and kind of means in hand will fully solve the important question.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Three regiments of Pennsylvania have arrived - one of them without arms.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT ROYAL,Beaufort, S. C., December 10, 1861.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Expeditionary Corps:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Ransom and the section of Hamilton's battery under his command moved at 3 o'clock this morning, and I followed with two members of my staff, Acting Aides-de-Camp Lusk and Taylor, of, respectively, the Highlanders and Fiftieth Pennsylvania, a half hour afterwards. We reached the ferry at daylight. I found, however, on careful examination that the Confederates had not commenced the erection of any works since our occupation of the island. After an examination of the country adjoining the ferry, especially of the old ferry at Seabrook, a mile and a half to the westward of the present ferry, I determined to take positive possession of both sides of the existing ferry, especially as an effort had been made during my absence at Seabrook to fire the ferry building on the island side. Lieutenant Ransom, bringing, under my direction, his battery into position at Stuart's place, fired four shots and dispersed the enemy's pickets, and Lieutenant-Colonel Brenholts, commanding the detachment at the ferry, advanced immediately a picket of 12 men to the ferry, and took possession of both banks, with some four boats. These have since been secured. A small block-house commanding the ferry on the main was destroyed. I left the battery at the ferry, with instructions to return to-morrow, unless, after conference with Lieutenant-Colonel Brenholts, Lieutenant Ransom should be satisfied from the unexpected developments of circumstances he ought to remain at the ferry. In this event he was promptly to advise me by messenger.

I have had the points carefully examined where it was alleged stockades were being built to close the channel. East of the ferry the attempt

