
it remained at the action as strong and secure as before the fight. No permanent hot-shot furnace was constructed, but a portion of the material for one which had been ordered arrived a few day before the action, and from it a temporary one was constructed on Tuesday, November 5. This work was well and rapidly executed by my artisans while under the fire of the enemy, and I feel it my duty to call to your attention the cool bravery of Mr. Paterson and the artisans under him in executing my orders under the most trying circumstances. Besides the above-mentioned temporary furnace a portable one had arrived some time before the bombardment, but of exceedingly limited capacity. In connection with the fort it was proper to construct a line of infantry works about 2 miles to the south, and also a battery at the outlet of Skull Creek into Broad River; but, for reasons over which I had no control, these works were never carried into execution.

Such was the condition of the defenses at Hilton Head on the morning of November 7, 1861. As an offensive work, Fort Walker proved itself unequal to the immense force bough against it. As a defensive work, it accomplished its purpose by so well protecting the lives of the garrison that after sustaining an incessant fire of shot and shell for nearly five hours but 10 of the garrison were reported killed. This number would, I believe, have been materially lessened had the traverses on the water front been practicable.

At the close of the engagement the fort had received but little damage although hundreds of shot and shell were buried in the parapets and traverses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS D. LEE,

Major, Engineers, S. C. A.

Captain H. E. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hardeeville.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Josiah Bedon, Eleventh South Carolina Infantry, of the bombardment of Fort Walker.

CAMP LEE, November 12, 1861.

SIR: The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the part taken in the defense of Fort Walker,on the 7th instant, by Company C, of this regiment:

The company was posted in the battery at 7.30 o'clock a. m. Five guns were assigned the company-one rifled 24-pounder, under my immediate charge; three 42-pounders, under charge of Lieutenant J. E. Heape, J. J. Guerard, and W. A. Boyle, respectively; one 32-pounder in left bastion of the fort. The rifled gun and the three 42-pounders were on the left front the fort.

Early in the engagement, which commenced about 9.30 o'clock a. m., the rifled gun and one of the 42s became disabled. Late in the action another 42-pounder became disabled. The remaining 42 and one 32 pounder were ordered to evacuate the fort. My command retired in good order, bearing with them their arms.

Two men were slightly wounded, Privates G. Monroe and T. Hudson, and 3 taken prisoners, who were sick in hospital.

I beg leave respectfully to call your attention to the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Heape, who had charge of the 42-pounder until disabled and

