
We have not yet gone down to F-. The Navy had to send for more ammunition,a nd we have been constantly employed on our depot and base. Events multiply, and it is impossible to say exactly what we shall do or how we shall do it. Had I the means, I would have been on the Charleston and Savannah Railroad long ere this. Movements on water, through winding and shallow creeks, with men unaccustomed to beats, is slow, tedious, and ticklish, and I have get to see my way pretty clear now before attempting it.

It is hoped that a plenty of boats will be soon sent here.

Very truly, yours,

T. W. SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., December 14, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington., C. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following to the consideration of the General-in-Chief and to the War Department:

The object of this expedition was to seize upon at least two important points of our Southern coast, and hold the same for the protection of our blockading squadron when compelled to seek a harbor, as well as to create something of a diversion in favor of our armies in the field. After the taking of Port Royal it was intended to proceed to Fernandina and get possession of that harbor, but in consequence of circumstances unnecessary here to particularly relate that part of the expedition has not yet been accomplished, and, although i have been for some time prepared for it, a still further delay arises from the fact that the gunboats of the Navy have first to be occupied ion the work od disposing of the stone fleet just arrived from the North; but our operations resulting rom the capture of Port Royal have become so developed as to lead to the occupation of Saint Helena Sound, the Tybee, and, in short, to the full possession of the coast from South Edisto to Tybee, and to which may be added Warsaw nd Ossabaw Sounds, which if not yet occupied by us, have been deserted by the enemy.

In the mean time there is a formidable strategic line formed and forming in our front, its right resting on Green Island, in Vernon River, passing by Thunderbolt, or Augustine Creek, at both of which places there are earthworks mounted with heavy guns, through Fourt Jackson. Savannah, and thence along the line of the Savannah and Charleston Railroad indefinitely towards Charleston, this line having its principal bodies of troops between Vernon River and Savannah, at Savannah, Hardeeville, Grahamville, Coosawhatchie, Pocotaligo, Saltketcher, &amp;c., and its most advanced posts at Pulaski, New Brigade, Bluffton, Port Royal Ferry, &c. The object of this line appears to be to resist an invasion of the main-land, and not to attack the occupied coast, which, from all that can be learned, the enemy have concluded they cannot maintain, and given up all idea if doing so. It may be hence inferred that the main object of the expedition has been already accomplished, and that the point of Fernandina is now of so secondary a character as to render it not only almost insignificant, but the operation of taking it actually prejudicial to the great work which the development of circumstances appears to have set before us.

I am aware of the good effect that the capture of this place would

