
the work. But I must act military, and not to please the superficial and nonsensical views of the public press, by which I have been soundly berated for not playing the militiaman and egotistical soldier.

I am, general, yours, truly,

T. W. SHERMAN.

OFFICE CHIEF TOPOGRAPHICAL ENGINEER E. C.,

Hilton Head, S. C., January 2, 1862.

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Fifteenth Infantry, A. A. A. G. Hdqrs. E. C., Hilton Head, S. C.:

SIR: In accordance with the verbal instructions of the general commanding I have made an expedition of the land and water between the Cooper and Savannah Rivers and have to report as follows:

The communications between Cooper and New Rivers by the channel around the north side of Long River Island are practicable and comparatively easy at all times for vessels or 10 or 12 feet draught. Sounding to a distance of 2 miles beyond Box's plantation were made, and show nowhere less than 18 feet water. From this fact and those referred to in my former to in my former report (evidence of the negroes, tides, &amp;c.) there is no doubt that boats of the draught mentioned can pass up New River to or even beyond Red Bluff or Whitehead's Landing.

From Bloody Point, the western extremity of Daufuskie Island, through Bull or New River to Wall's Cut and thence both by Wright and Mud Rivers to the Savannah, accurate sounding were made. They show a sufficient depth of water through the lower entrance of Wright River for gunboats of 15 feet draught, but from the cut to the Savannah by the Mud River Channel only boats of 6 or 7 feet draught, but from the cut to the Savannah by the Mud River Channel only boats of 6 or 7 feet draught can pass at full flood tide. The former route conducts into the ship channel of the Savannah about 2 miles above Fort Pulaski, the latter about 6. Wall's Cut is straight,a bout 250 yards long, and has a water-way of near 100 feet. At the distance of 120 yards from either-end a bark 90 feet long and 24 feet beam has been sunk; beyond her three rows of square piles have been firmly driven into the bed of the stream from side to side. Originally the bark was placed directly athwart the channel, completely obstructing it, but she is at present lying diagonally across it, with a water-way of 20 feet on both sides. An examination revealed the fact that there is but little mud or ballast in her, and, instead of being stationary, she swings and careens with the tide. When first visited she was at least 20 feet from the first line of piles, careened into the direction of the tide. When I returned four or five hours afterwards she was in the same place, but careened in the opposite direction. When visited the second time her stern had drifted against the piles, party removing several. From these circumstances I conclude that little difficulty will be experienced in removing her entirely from the cut.

The piles, thirty-three in number, of squared timber, are on the farther side of the vessel, arranged in three rows, so as to completely close the channel, but from the softness of the soil which they are driven they can be removed quickly and easily by attaching an anchor chain to each hitching to a tug-boat, and running her at full speed from it.

All the islands between New and Savannah Rivers are low salt marshes, subject to overflow at full flood tide aided by strong winds, and are impracticable for the transportation of troops stores. Long Island and all the other islands in the Savannah below Fort Jackson are of the same character.

Wright River, although navigable for some distance, has no other

