
practicable communication with the Savannah than those described above. It runs throughout its entire course through the marsh and finally become lost.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

First Lieutenant Topo. Engrs., and Chief Top. Eng. E. C.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., January 4, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Reconnaissance are being made on both side the Savannah River to ascertain the practicability of getting gunboats into it from either or both sides and establishing batteries on the island between Fort Pulaski and Savannah, and thus cutting off Pulaski and reducing it with the slow and expensive mode of bombarding it from Tybee. I have already had the creeks and inlets on this side examined, and the result of the examination is this: 1st. Steamers of light draught can get into the Savannah River from this side, entering it by the south end of Jones Island, about 2 miles above Fort Pulaski, provided it may be found practicable to remove the obstruction placed across Wall's Cut, which consist of a brig 90 feet in length sunk across it and secured by three rows of piles. 2nd. That Jones Island and Long Island are entirely marsh, and that it is hardly practicable to construct batteries upon them. It is believed, however, that batteries may be erected on Elba Island, above both the former, though our party did not examine it. Important information, moreover, has recently been received of a route possibly practicable for small gunboats from Warsaw Sound into the Savannah River, turning the forts now forts now on Skidaway Island and Thunderbolt. Captain Gillmore leaves to-day to examine the Wilmington Narrows for this object. I am just sending of a party to attempt removing the hulk and piles in Wall;'s Cut.

I hope to be sent able to report some of our command in the Savannah River. I should at once seize upon all the country between here and Savannah River, including the south end of the railroad, if I had some cavalry and more light artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., January 7, 1862.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ultimo.

I feel thankful for the confidence still reposed in me, and trust that I may do nothing that will diminish it.

The intimation in my letter of a want of cavalry was made with a view of bringing your mind to the subject in case my previous letters to the Adjutant-General had not reached the attention of the Department. In

