
them; but you may skin over them to get main points, and the information may be useful in directing future operations, It is hardly likely you would care just now to get up an expedition of the magnitude require to take Charleston (it appears to be the most difficult point of the whole coast; I mean its forts), but you might hereafter find occasion to attack. Fort Pulaski taken-and that ought to be taken speedily-perhaps Sherman's and Burnside's army unite upon Charleston. Woodbury thinks that Burnside can take Forts Macon and Caswell; if so, it may be a question whether he had not better take these than of to Goldsborough. But all these things are conjectural, and I give you the dates, as much as I can, to post you for whatever may turn up.

If those Tennessee prisoners are really disposed to take the oath of allegiance, would it not be a wise policy to let them go home? We want to raise the State in our favor as speedily as possible.

You had better return me these notes as soon as you have glanced at them, as they will be of more use in my hands than yours just now.

Yours, respectfully,

J. G. BARNARD,

[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON HARBOR.-NOTES RELATIVE TO AN ATTACK.

W e may assume that we have not now the means required to carry the formidable works of Charleston Harbor by a coup de main. History furnishes no precedent of the success of such an undertaking, but does furnishes no precedent of the success of such an undertaking, but does furnish many examples of failure. In the war of the Revolution a pretty formidable British fleet failed in a contest with old Ford Moultrie. Since that period the power of fleets has been greatly increased by the use of steam and of iron-plated vessels of war; but the fortifications of Charleston Harbor have gained power perhaps in equal ratio. It is quite possible that a few iron-clad steamers, assisted by other vessels, might silence Fort Moultrie, and better down the wells of Fort Sumter in a very few days, and that the same fleet might take in succession all the other fortifications now in possession of the revolutionists. But we have no such fleet, and cannot have for many months. We are compelled, therefore, to resort to the old methods. I regard, however, as essential to success at least two iron-plated steamers of great power; four such steamers, I believe, would insure success; six; easy success.

The attack would comprise, I think, the following operations, the three first to be nearly simultaneous:

1st. Landing on Sullivan's Island and promptly investing Fort Moultrie.

2nd. Landing on Morris Island with artillery to redue Fort Sumter, including some twenty rifle cannon of large caliber.

3rd. Two or more iron-clad war steamers must run in, under cover of partial darkness or of a fog, and take a position in Rebellion Roads, to keep off re-enforcements from Sumted and Moultrie.

4th. The erection of gun and mortar batteries against the forts, cannonade, bombardment, breaching, and finally assault, if necessary.

5th. Sumer and Moultrie taken, Castle Pickney to be reduced by continued cannonade and bombardment from the iron-clad and other vessels. Some of these vessels may probably be able to take a position behind the fort.

6th. As soon as Sumter and Moultrie are taken the city of Charleston will be virtually in our hands, unless the Confederate have powerful

