
number form Dewees' Harbor, only 6 o 7 miles off, and make an attack which it would be very hard to resist. Once landed in force, aided by the gunboats on one land and perhaps by the same small craft on the other, our troops could, I am confident, without serious difficulty, drive the enemy down to Ford Mopultrie, whatever batteries he may have along the beach. If we can obtain these small vessels of the right kind and in sufficient number I should think this last attack the most promising of the two. Preparations for the other, however, should by no means be omitted. There is in common use in North Carolina a small craft called at flat, drawing, when not loaded, about 15 inches, carrying from 10 to 20 tons, with a center-board, schooner-rigged, strong, easily managed by two men., fast-sailing, open, but seaworthy, as I know by experience, capable of carrying the timbers or bales of wet cotton necessary to make them shot-proof. They would answer the purpose in hand, I think, admirably.

LANDING ON MORRIS ISLAND.

I should recommend here the same preparation for a real or pretended attack on the beach and a simultaneous attack by small craft on the west end of Morris Island. Whether it will be best to make these attacks on Morris Island simultaneously with similar attacks on Sullivan's Island or to let the one follow the other at the interval of a day or two, I will not pretend to say. It must depend on the means at hand. Simultaneous attacks are certainly desirable.

Preliminary to the attack by small craft on the best end of Morris Island it may be necessary to take possession of Stono Inlet and Folly Island. Vessels of 12 feet draught entering at Stone Inlet can be taken along the channel immediately behind Folly Island to the divide, 2 miles from Light-House Inlet. This divide, according to Hartman Bache, has I foot at low water; 5 or 6 therefore at high water. There are several other channels from Stono to Light-House Inlet. The character of the country is such as to make it improbable that the enemy should make a stand around Folly Island. Once landed on Morris Island, our troops would, I think aided by the gunboats, easily drive the enemy down that narrow strip of land, and probably capture those who had not the means of immediate escape.

As soon as possible after landing on the two islands two or more iron-plated vessels should take a position in Rebellion Roads.

OPERATION III-TO PREVENT RE-ENFORCEMENTS.

The except of the harbor is such the vessels may lie at anchor or maneuver 1 1\2 miles from Fort Sumter and Castle Pinckey, and as near Fort Johnson on the south and Haddrell's beacon on the orth as it may be safe to go. These vessels could make it difficult for anything but small boats to pass from the city to the forts, and at the proper time, by a reverse fire, they could greatly assist in the reduction of the forts.

OPERATIONS AGAINST FORT MOULTRIE.

This is an irregular open barbette work, covering about 2 1\2 acres of ground. It has tree land fronts and three water fronts. The steamboat landing at the point of the island and the road therefrom to the fort are sent and commanded by a half bastion front 213 feet long, with nine guns, of which two are on the flank. The next land front facing the cove north of the forth is a regular bastion 405 feet long, with one gun on

