
be of little use, cannot get into the Stono River by the way of the Wadmalaw, as there will be an obstruction found at new Cut, from the fact that even at high water this cut has not over 5 feet of water. There is a battery of six pieces at Church Flats and vessels sunk in the river at the point. Quite a large force is also at this point, an somewhere near the junction of the Wadmalaw and Stono Rivers is another battery. The rebel are evidently pretty strong in defenses at this point and along the whole line of the StoNumbers This district is too far off to get very specific information, and what we have thus gathered is from prisoners and short reconnaissances made by the Army and Navy. The rebel forces is too strong in that vicinity to risk the small force we have up there very far from the Edisto. When the gunboats return from the south it is contemplated by Commodore DuPont to make a reconnaissance in that direction, an, if our affairs justify it, I propose sending a force with him.

From last accounts from Fernandina the gunboats had not yet got into the Saint John's. I hope to send a small force, say one or two regiments, and probably a section of light artillery, across from Picolata to Saint Augustina, and take the place in reverse. For this purpose all the troops sent down with General Wright are left there, ore regiment, General Wright informs me, being with the gunboats off the month of the Saint John's.

I am very anxious to raise our flag over Fort Marion and Saint Augustine Barracks, and, if the Navy are not too long is sounding out the channel, except to do it without resistance.

Very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -I send the Atlantic back to hurry on the ordnance stores for Tybee.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, A. G. O., Numbers 26. Washington, March 15, 1862.

The States of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, with the expedition and forces now under Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, will constitute a military department, to be called the Department of the Sout, to be commanded by Major-General Hunter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS,Port Royal, S. C., March 16, 1862.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to report that after Brigadier-General Wright had taken possession of Amelia Island I directed him to send one or two regiments, as circumstances would require, to Picolata, on the Saint John's River, and much upon the rear of Fort Marion and Saint Augustine.

I have just learned (unofficially) form private sources that General Wright is in quiet possession os Jacksonville; that some of the gunboats are in Saint Augustine Harbor, and that Fort Marion has surrendered

