HEADQUARTERS,Jacksonville, Fla., March 28, 1862

Captain LOUIS H. PELOUZE:

CAPTAIN: From intelligence received this evening from a deserter I learn that the enemy has an attack upon this place contemplation so soon as his force, now somewhat scattered, can be concentrated.

The force he is reported to have at command for such an enterprise is such as to make an addition to our strength here very desirable, and I have therefore decided to bring here the two sections of Hamilton's battery, now at Fernandina. The Cosmopolitan will leave here for the purpose to-morrow morning. The enemy is represented to have along the line of the railroad or soon expected upon it, (1) the Third Florida Regiment; (2) the Fourth Florida Regiment; (3) a regiment of cavalry; (4) a company with six or seven pieces of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT ROYAL, S. C., March 31, 1862

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: On being relieved from this command it is proper that I should report the condition of affairs here at the present time.

We have been for some time making preparation for the reduction of Fort Pulaski, and are now only waiting to open our fire for the material brought in the Atlantic to be got out and landed at Tybee. The armament set up for the operations consists of twelve 13-inch sea-coast mortars, four 10-inch siege mortars, five 10-inch columbiads, three 8-inch columbiads, and five large rifled guns. In the mean time, and since the 11th of February last, all communication has been cut off from Savannah by batteries erected on the marshes of Jones and Bird Islands. I have no doubt but the place will fall in short time.

Extensive preparations have also been made for the taking of Savannah, but I have been directed by the General-in-Chief to suspend all operations for the capture of that city.

A plan that was laid by me to take the city by a coup de main with a combined land and naval force about the 20th January last failed for want of the promised co-operation on the part of the Navy. Since that time the defenses constructed are of such a nature as to render it impossible to take it but by a siege entirely by land.

Preparations are making also on Port Royal Island for the occupation of the country up to the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, which we expected to accomplish in about a week or ten days hence.

After the fall of Pulaski and a proper occupation of all important places on the coast in our possession, it was my calculation to have 900 men disposable for any operation upwards from North Edisto.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expeditionary Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH.

Numbers 1. Port Royal, S. C. March 31, 1862.

I. Major General David Hunter, having arrived at this post, hereby assumes in accordance with the order of the War Department, the com-

17 R R-VOL VI

