
kind to take the faces next you or reverse. Please have every means continued to cut off communication and another field piece sent up to the upper batteries.

I expect we shall re-enforce you before the actual commencement of the fire, but rest assured that, even if a senior should necessarily be sent with such troops (General Wright), General Hunter and myself will see (as he said to me) the fullest justice done to your labors and efforts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 2, 1862

Brigadier General EGBERT L. VIELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Daufuskie Island, S. C.,:

GENERAL: The general commanding the district (Benham) has learned from General Sherman that there is at Turtle Island, nearly opposite and above Bloody Point, a small dry ridge,upon which there is a probability that a mortar battery could be placed to act effectively against Fort Pulaski at a distance probably of not more than 2 miles, and which would of course taken in reverse the faces exposed to the direct fire from Tybee.

All those large mortars are already landed at Tybee for service there, but there are at this place two of 10-inch and two of the 8-inch columbiads, which it is believed can be effectively used as mortars for the purpose indicated, and that those guns, with such other materials as you may require, can be sent to you at Daufuskie Island-for the latter part of the distance at night, if necessary.

Will you please to give your early attention to this matter, reporting as early as possible your opinion of its feasibility and if favorable what material you will require, as it is now of the utmost importance to our plans that this work, if undertaken, should be completed at the earliest possible moment; your estimate of which time you will please report in your reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. ELY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., April 3, 1862

Brigadier General EGBERT L. VIELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Daufuskie Island, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I shall hope to have your report about the feasibility of a columbiad battery this morning.

The capture of 17 of Gillmore's men will, I fear, inform the rebels of our preparations, and we may be obliged to open fire from Tybee prematurely or earlier than we would wish.

Please take every precaution to seal the communication between the fort and city hermetically, if possible; even passing your men over at night to the south side of south channel, if you have the means.

Very truly, yours,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

