
tain Bell, quartermaster, and Rev. C. B. Betts, the chaplain, frequently sent with orders to various parts of the island during the bombardment, executed their trust in a manner entirely satisfactory to me.

Lieutenant Youmans and his detachment were efficient in the performance of the part assigned them. To Lieutenant Johnson, of the Beaufort Artillery, the command is under obligations for valuable services rendered at the ferry across Station Creek, and to Captain Thomas R. Elliott for similar aid in passing White Hall Ferry.

The reports of Captain Elliott and Surgeon Turnpseed* are herewith respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. M. DUNOVANT,

Colonel Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain H. E. YOUNG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain Stephen Elliott, jr., Beaufort Artillery, of the bombardment of Fort Beauregard.

HEADQUARTERS BEAUFORT VOLUNTEERS ARTILLERY, November 13, 1861.

SIR: Having been assigned to the command of Fort Beauregard by Colonel Dunovant, commanding the post, I beg leave to submit the following report:

The garrison consisted of Beaufort Volunteer Artillery (Company A, 83 men) and Captain Harrison's company (Company D, 66 men), both of Colonel Heyward's Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers. To the formed was intrusted the main work (thirteen guns); to the latter the hot-shot battery (three guns) and the sand battery (two guns.)

On Monday, the 4th instant, the enemy appeared and anchored within the bar 4 miles below the fort. On Tuesday morning, at 7.30 o'clock, five gunboats came within range and opened upon us with heavy guns, throwing spherical and rifle shell with accuracy. One of these struck a caisson, causing it to explode, and thereby injuring slightly one of the gun detachments. I replied, but found the range too great for successful firing, and at 9.15 o'clock a. m. the enemy withdrew, having been struck several times. On Wednesday, the weather being boisterous, the enemy remained quiet.

On Thursday, pursuant to an order previously received from Colonel Dunovant, I dispatched the chaplain of the Ninth [Eleventh] Regiment to Saint Helena, for the purpose of providing transportation in case it should be necessary and prove practicable to retire. At 8.30 a. m. fifteen of the enemy's said formed in line and steamed up the harbor, engaging us at 9.15 o'clock. These were subsequently joined by four others.

Having passed the batteries, they turned to the left and southward, and repassed near the Hilton Head shore. This circuit was preformed three times, after which they remained out of reach of any except our heaviest guns. The last gun from my battery was fired at 3.35 p. m., being the eighth to which the enemy had not replied. A few moments

---------------

*The surgeons' report not found.

---------------

