
ment for this coast. In any event please send me the telegraphic dispatch which I have above requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH CAROLINA,Columbia, September 4, 1861

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.,:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 9th of August last to the governor of South Carolina in relation to the First Regiment of South Carolina Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Glover, I have the honor to state that in consideration of the large number of State troops already in Virginia, and the recent requisitions of your Department for five additional regiments (which regiments are now nearly ready to take up the line of march), and in view of the anticipated invasion of our coast this coming winter, as evidenced by the Northern press and the Hatteras affair the State authorities deem it inexpedient to permit the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (State troops) to leave the State for their unexpired term of service. The regiment is now guarding an exposed portion of our coast. His excellency the governor and the State authorities feel assured that you will not accept the services of any independent troops without they present the consent of the governor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT,Savannah, September 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In addition to what I said in my letter of yesterday in reference to the urgent necessity for a large addition to the military force on this coast and recommendation that Duncan L. Clinch, esq., be authorized to raise a regiment for local defense, I take leave respectfully to suggest that the elections for field officers of regiments within my observation have proved very disastrous to discipline and efficiency. If consistent with the views of the War Department I would be truly pleased to see all such appointments here made by the President, and I will suggest names, if desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 6, 1861

Brigadier-General, RIPLEY,

Commanding Charleston, S. C.,:

SIR: A copy of your letter of September 1 to Adjutant-General Cooper has been submitted to this Department. In view of its importance I take the earliest opportunity to reply.

18 R R-VOL VI

