
suitable, have oak procured and carriages made without delay? I am informed that seasoned oak enough to replace all the barbette carriages can be had at Darien.

Permit me also to bring to your notice the small supply of cannon

powder now in our magazines, it being but about 45,000 pounds. The Navy holds an order on the fort for 1,700 or 1,800, which, if delivered, will reduce the quantity of shot made.

Why cannot Captain Echols and yourself visit the fort some day this week and assist us with your advice?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. S. CLAGHORN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ENGINEER BUREAU,

Richmond, Va., September 21, 1861

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: The project of auxiliary coast defense herewith, as submitted by Colonel A. J. Gonzales, though not thought to be everywhere applicable,is believed to be of great value under special circumstances. In the example assumed at Edisto Island, where the movable batteries rest on defensive works and are themselves scarcely exposed to surprise and capture, a rifled 24-pounder, with two small guns, rallying and reconnoitering from each of the fixed batteries would prove invaluable. A lighter gun that the 24-pounder and quite as efficient might be devised for such, service but this is probably the best now available. Colonel Gonzales' proposed arrangements for re-enforcing certain exposed and threatened maritime posts seem to be judicious and to merit attention.

Very respectfully,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major, Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 23, 1861

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 14, 1861

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President C. S. A.:

SIR: I have the honor to place before you the outline of a system of coast defense which, if adopted, will, I believe, very much increase the security of our Atlantic and Gulf States, and render a lesser force than otherwise would be required sufficient for the protection of our coast. I have not been hold to submit it to you for adoption without having first laid it before scientific officers of our Army and other gentlemen of military experience, who have highly commenced it for practicability and efficiency. As acting inspector-general on Morris Island, and since up to this day as inspector of the troops and defenses on the coast of South Carolina by Governor Pickens, I have probably had opportunities for studying our coast and the way of protecting it not enjoyed by others. Taking the coast of South Carolina, as a representation, with but few

