
Grayson, whose state of health is such as to prevent him from discharging the active duties of that command.*

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT FLORIDA VOLUNTEERS,Fort Clinch, Fernandina, Fla., October 14, 1861

To the SECRETARY OF WAR,

Confederate States of America, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to request that your order me to order one of my officers to muster in for twelve-months' service Lieutenant Colonel Holland's battalion of artillery. This battalion is absolutely necessary here. They are now in service under the order of the brigadier-general,and have been under my command and now are. The field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Holland and Major Charles F. Hopkins, are fine officers. They are good artillerists, and thoroughly understand their profession. They were appointed by Governor Perry, and are the unanimous choice of the whole battalion. They are the most important aid that could be given me. I would respectfully request that the Department authorize me to have them mustered in without delay, and that they may muster with six companies. They are now erecting batteries, signal stations, establishing points for the ranges of the guns, and have been for some time. They are in the Confederate service, but not yet mustered in and Captain Stockton has other companies to attend to, and cannot muster the troops as speedily as their efficiency requires. I have the honor to refer the Department to the accompanying copies of orders and letters for information as to the condition of this force and what it is doing?

Owing to the illness of Brigadier-General Grayson, I cannot ascertain when the guns and ordnance stores for here will arrive. I have to specially request that the ordnance officer be required to send me without delay a supply of ammunition. I have only 2,000 caps and about fifteen rounds of musket cartridges, and the artillery battalion have four 6-pounders and only about five rounds of musket cartridges. I trust the Department will send me at once the necessary ammunition for musketry which can be spared for this point. I would urge the speedy forwarding of the guns and requisition made by Brigadier-General Grayson. His ill-health has caused me to make this statement and request. The general has done everything that man could. His command have perfect confidence in him, and I trust the officious meddling of scared politicians, who have never raised voice or hand for our independence, will receive that merited rebuke from headquarters it deserves for meddling with the acts of better men. Neither the troops nor the people have confidence in them. We are satisfied, and all we want is ammunition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Revoked October 22, and Brigadier General James H. Trapier assigned.

+Not found.

---------------

19 R R-VOL VI

