SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIST., SAVANNAH, GA., Numbers 300. October 25, 1861

* * * *

2. By direction of the Secretary of War all unarmed troops in camps of instruction, who have been mustered in for the war, will hold themselves in readiness to proceed forthwith to Richmond, Va. Commanding officers, quartermasters, and commissaries of such troops will make the necessary arrangements for an immediate move, and report, by letter to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General A. R. Lawton:

THOS. J. BERRY,Aide-de-Camp, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, October 26, 1861.

Colonel W. S. DILWORTH,

Commanding Third Regiment Fla. Vols., Hdqrs. Fort Clinch, Fla.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 14th October, with its several inclosures, submitted to this Department by Captain Thomas E. Buckman, who came to Richmond by your orders. Captain Buckman's company having been accepted as a "company of infantry, armed with double barreled shot-guns, for twelve months," I have directed Brigadier General Trapier to have the company mustered in on those terms whenever the required conditions are fulfilled.

With regard to your request that Lieutenant-Colonel Holland's battalion of artillery be mustered in as organized, with six companies, for twelve months, I have to say that this battalion has never been accepted by this Department, nor can we accept artillery companies in battalions, but only by independent companies or batteries, leaving the question of any further organization to rest with the proper authority. Neither do we furnish any batteries to companies of artillery offered for twelve months only. It appears, however, that this battalion possesses but a single battery, sufficient only, and barely sufficient, for a single company. I have therefore directed Brigadier-General Trapier to accept, and muster in a single company if offered, furnished with this battery for twelve months, but not to accept any other company of artillery for twelve months not armed with batteries, except such as he may deem necessary for working heavy guns in battery and those only by independent companies. Lieutenant-Colonel Holland has been informed that his battalion cannot be accepted as at present organized, and therefore that his commission cannot be confirmed. However able he may be as an officer, and however valuable his services may be to you as an artillerist, of which I have read with great pleasure your flattering testimonials, this course is dictated necessarily by a regard for the interests of the service and for the general policy of this Department, a brief view of which, so far as concerns the accepting and organization of troops, &amp;c., you will find stated in the accompanying circular, which I respectfully inclose. It is now, of course, needless for me to add that the additional field pieces which you ask for on behalf of this battalion cannot be furnished.

An artillery company furnishing its own battery will be equipped for the field when mustered into service, but no person other than the proper officer of the Government can be authorized to purchase horses

