
First. For necessary supplies Apalachicola and Saint Andrew's are more conveniently connected with Pensacola and with any important position in Middle or East Florida.

Second. The means of communication by telegraph and mail facilities are more speedy and less expensive; also for transportation of troops, guns, ammunition, &amp;c.

Third. The military department east of the Chattahoochee River, in the present deranged state of affairs, is more than sufficient to command the utmost energies of any general to make a successful defense of the various important positions subject to and threatened with attack.

You may inquire, then, why I suggested by telegram that Apalachicola and Saint Andrew's Bay should be embraced in General Trapier's command. At the time the suggestion was made these places were not, by any general orders emanating from or authorized by the War Department known to me, embraced in any military department. From a misapprehension of the locality of Apalachicola General Grayson had assigned Colonel Hopkins to the command of the fort at Apalachicola, meaning, I suppose the fort at Saint Vincent's Island, 12 miles distant from Apalachicola. The public interest and the proper defense of the place required the immediate attention of an experienced and competent officer. Very heavy, and in my judgment, upon the information received, very unnecessary, expenses were being incurred. As to expense, one item of $130 per diem for a steamboat for which there was neither urgent nor reasonable necessity. As to defenses, one item; a ditch was commenced, to be 3 feet deep, 3 feet wide, and about 3 miles long, to be depended upon to enable not exceeding 500 men to defend the city from an attack by land.

Moreover, unpleasant differences had arisen between Colonel Hopkins and Captain Dunham, of the State troops, which excited and alarmed the citizens and threatened most serious and disreputable consequences, the official orders relative to which by General Grayson and myself will be made known to you by certified copies inclosed by next mail. I did not suppose that General Bragg could give his immediate personal attention at Apalachicola, or that I could confer as promptly with him as with General Trapier, to remedy existing evils. Colonel Hopkins is a gentleman, but perhaps a little too excitable, and may not be possessed of,in an eminent degree, the knowledge of men and science of war requisite, in a military commander.

In a letter bearing date 30th June the Secretary of War notifies the governor of this State that "the President deems it prudent, if not essential to the public safety, to form and organize a reserve army corps of 30,000 men, and apportion to Florida the quota of 1,000 men. Your excellency will therefore receive for the war 1,000 men by independent companies," &c.

When I came into office not a company had been raised, and the opinion, I think, was entertained by my worthy predecessor that the requisition could not be even partially complied with. I entertain a different opinion, and hope to be able in a few weeks to report to you 1,000 men in camps ready for instruction. For one battalion I shall establish a camp near Apalachicola, to be known as Camp Benjamin, in honor of the Acting Secretary of War, when if, necessary the companies can be used in defense of the place. I have not yet decided where the other camp will be established, desiring, after an interview with General Trapier, to place it where it can be sustained at least expense and the companies that compose it made most useful; but permit me, with due deference, to protest against any authority in future to individuals to raise a com-

