
RICHMOND, November 1, 1861.

Gov. FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

I have just received information, which I consider entirely reliable that the enemy's expedition is intended for Port Royal.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

(Same to Generals Drayton and Ripley.)

COLUMBIA, November 1, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN:

Telegraph received. Please telegraph General Anderson, at Wilmington, and General Lawton, Savannah, to send what forces they can spare, as the difficulty with us is as to arms. I have telegraphed them both.

F. W. PICKENS.

CHARLESTON, November 1, 1861.

To SECRETARY OF WAR:

Dispatch received. Will act at once. A fine strong southeast gale blowing, which will keep him off for a day or so. Will advise.

R. S. RIPLEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF GEORGIA,Savannah, November 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It is now generally understood that the governor of this State is preparing to call out a large force of State troops, to be thrown on the coast of Georgia. A brigade has already been organized and a brigadier-general appointed by the governor. Their may not be at all embarrassing, but I am now informed that the governor proposes to organize a division forthwith, and to commission a major-general and send him to the coast, under an act passed at the last session of the legislature of Georgia. This may lead to serious embarrassment, and both General Mercer and myself see cause for uneasiness in the contemplated action of the governor. As all the arrangements for defense on this coast have been made without reference to State authority, I desire instructions from the Department as to the course which must be adopted, if an officer, commissioned by the governor of Georgia, of a high grade than the Confederate general now on duty here, shall claim the command. I desire the views of the Department, that I may act with promptness and feel assured that my action will be approved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. LAWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, November 1, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have to-day written you an official letter in reference to the prospect of a major-general of the State of Georgia being ordered

