
GOLDSBOROUGH, November 6, 1861.

General S. COOPER:

The following letter has just reached me, having been picket up near the wreck of the steamer Union, addressed by Louis H. Pelouze, acting assistant adjutant-general, to the captain of that steamer:

In the event of your transport being separated from the fleet, you will proceed to Port Royal, S. C., and report to the quartermaster of that port.

R. C. GATLIN,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, November 6, 1861.

Honorable Mr BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

As I anticipated, they have passed the batteries, and will take Beaufort. My difficulty is in want of arms. I gave out the last on arm the 4,000 recently mustered in. I cannot rely on half-armed men ordered out, except to defend the railroad. If I cannot get arms, can you not spare Gregg's regiment from Suffolk, and order it immediately to Pocotaligo, or near there? See if any troops there at present. All to report to General Lee.

F. W. PICKENS.

CHARLESTON, November 6, 1861.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

General Drayton telegraphs from Fort Walker at 11 p. m. yesterday:

"No one wounded here; only 3 slightly at Bay Point. Enemy threatened another attack this afternoon, but withdrew on firing four or five shots at them. Now about fifty sail within 4 or 5 miles, several brigs, large transports." De Saussure's regiment I trust reached Drayton this morning, and hope that General Lawton has re-enforced him with 1,000 men from Savannah. One regiment from Wilmington expected to arrive momentarily here. Have arranged transportation by Savannah Railroad, and hope to have steamers to transport a large force to attack speedily, should he effect a landing.

R. S. RIPLEY.

EXECUTE DEPARTMENT,

Milledgeville, Ga., November 7, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I herewith transmit to your Department copy of letter received by me from his excellency the governor of Florida, informing me that he has "recommended to the President and Secretary of War the establishment of a military department, to be composed of" certain counties of Georgia, Alabama, and Florida.*

While I am not fully convinced of the necessity of establishing the new military department proposed by the able and patriotic executive of Florida, I have no objection to its establishment should the President

---------------

*See Milton to Brown, October 31, p.304.

---------------

