
MILLEDGEVILLE, November 11, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The city of Savannah is menaced by the enemy, and we are in great need of arms. You have nearly all our guns. I request that you send to Savannah immediately the brigade of State troops trained here under command of General W. Philips, now known in the Confederate service as the Philips Legion, Colonels Wofford and Boyd's regiments, and Stowall's battalion; also regiment of Georgia regulars. All these troops were trained at the State's expense and thoroughly armed by her, and her safety now requires their services with their arms. Please answer immediately.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

COLUMBIA, November 11, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

There are 910 Enfield rifles in Charleston not paid for by Colonel Cunningham, If I can get them for troops mustered into the confederate service can I do so? I would like to know the number of armed men I can rely on to be sent me. I have no arms; if I had I would ask for none. The great battle will be near Stono, but cannot take place until they are largely re-enforced, some weeks hence. i could raise 20,000 men if I only had the arms. Mr. Lee has been acting commissary here, but has no direct authority, and cannot act without constant permission. There is a necessity for an assistant commissary.

F. W. PICKENS.
HDQRS. MIL. DEPT. MIDDLE AND EAST FLORIDA,Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Fla., November 12, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I had the honor to receive your of the 26th by the hands of Captain Buckman, and strictly adhered to the instructions therein contained until the present emergency arose, which has thrown on me a heavy responsibility, as unexpected as it had been onerous and dissabreable. A full report of my acts and doings I ask to submit to you, and which I trust, under the circumstances, you will indorse and sanction. Let me premise by stating that General Trapier has not yet assumed command of this department. I cannot now state when General trapier will be here, as I cannot calculate how the disaster at Port Royal may influence the movements of our Government. But to the point. I my last communication I addressed you on the subject of the battalion of artillery, Lieutenant-Colonel Holland in command Major Hopkins second in command. They were presented in theirs shape by Governor Perry, and received by Brigadier-General Grayson, deceased, then in command of this department.

On the 28th day of September, A. D. 1861 (see copy of order of Brigadier-General Grayson), Brigadier-General Grayson also ordered them supplied by the quartermaster and commissary departments at this place. Four companies were received in this way, and, stating that the mustering officers would soon muster them into the service formally, under

