
Head on the evening of the 10th instant and returning on the afternoon of the following day. We reached Lawton's plantation about midnight, where our escort composed of five companies of the Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Terry commanding, was halted until 4 o'clock in the morning. By the road Lawton's place is nearly 4 miles from Braddock's Point. At 4 o'clock the march was resumed, and the column reached the point where the road strikes the beach just at the break of day, where another halt was ordered. When in became light enough to reconnoiter a single company was sent forward for that purpose. The report soon came back that the place appeared to be abandoned, when General Wright and staff went forward.

A battery on one 24-pounder gun, old pattern, was found behind an irregular parapet. It was on a siege carriage. A battery of one 10-inch columbiad, on a new wrought-iron carriage and a good wooden platform with iron traverse circle, was found. The parapet at this point is of considerable length (263 feet), and contains within it a good magazine and some little ammunition. A well-constructed parapet, containing two 24-pounder guns, old pattern, was found. It contained a good magazine. Some few rounds balls, grape and canister, were were scattered on the beach outside the parapet, apparently left behind in the haste of embarkation or for the want of the means of transportation. Near this battery is a good garrison sling-cart, and all the finished parts of wooden columbiad platform, full circle. Three ordinary "A" tents were left standing, which were probably all that the garrisons had, as extensive preparations existed for protecting troops from the inclemency of the weather by means of poles erected on the ground and covered with branches of trees.

Braddock's Point cannot be held by us without a considerable force (except by the active co-operation of the fleet), so as to enable us to control the Calibogue Sound. To hold it with this end in view the point should the cross-road at Lawton's and the one above it debouch upon the eastern shore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Captain and Chief Engineer.

Brigadier General THOMAS W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Division, Hilton Head, S. C.

NOVEMBER 24, 1861.-Occupation of Tybee Island by the Union forces.

Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Savannah, November 29, 1861.

SIR: On Sunday last, 24th instant, the enemy crossed Savannah Bar with five of his vessels, and mode a lodgment on Tybee Island. Subsequently three other vessels joined them, and the force on Tybee Island was re-enforced. Five vessels, one of them a frigate, said to be the Sbine, now lay inside of the bar north of Tybee Island. They are 3 or 4 miles from Fort Pulaski, within range of whose guns they have not yet approached. The force on Tybee Island is reported to be large, but I am unable to state it. No demonstration of their purpose has yet been made further than the occupation of the island.

