
320 cannot be here under a week. The 1,110 men are well armed, drilled, and equipped, and have about 100 rounds of ammunition to reach man. The 480 are badly armed, mostly with shot-guns, are undrilled, fully supplied with ammunition, but are scarcely fit for service yet.

I will do the best I can, should the enemy appear.

There is also at the mouth of the North Santee Rive a redoubt mounting three guns, 12-poundes, not yet completed and not garrisoned; ammunition there sufficient. We have a full supply of powder nd sufficient 24, 18, and 12 pounder round shot. You will perceive that the other guns are short of the proper number of balls.

Your obedient servant,

A. M. MANIGAULT,

Colonel Tenth Regiment, &amp;c.

CHARLESTON, November 15, 1861.

Honorable Mr. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I understand the Fingal has powder as well as arms. Be so kind as to set aside, if possible, 30,000 pounds of cannon powder as essential for a supply of our forts if we are to fight such a fight as at Hilton Head. I believe we can have musket and rifle powder, but I would be glad if some musket were allowed also. If they are re-enforced by 30,000 men, we will use at least 15,000 men on James Island. I am deeply obliged for the arms divided between us and Georgia. We only want more. Can we get another regiment from North Carolina? We only have two.

F. W. PICKENS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 1. Charleston, S. C., November 16, 1861.

I. Commodore Ingraham, C. S. Navy, is assigned to duty in Charleston Harbor. He will superintend the preparation and armament of the batteries for its defense; assign to duty the naval officers at his disposal as ordnance officers at the batteries in the harbor as he may receive from Flag-Officer Tatnall, Provisional Army.

II. Lieutenant Colonel John S. Preston, assistant adjutant-general, C. S. Army, is hereby ordered to inspect and muster into the service of the Confederate States for the war such troops of the State of South Carolina as may be transferred by the governor of the State. these regiments must be armed and equipped by the State, except three regiments, or 2,500 men, who will be armed by the Government with the Enfield rifle. Upon the assembling of these troops at such places of rendezvous as may be selected by the governor, the mustering and inspecting officer will make requisitions upon the proper Departments for arms, transportation, and such other munitions as may be necessary, and report his operations form time to time to the general commanding.

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.

