
corps the absolute necessity of economizing the supplies they have on hand to the utmost extent. To this end the guards will not be allowed to load their pieces unless in the actual presence of the enemy or in danger of surprise, and all hunting parties will be strictly forbidden to use the public ammunition. Each soldier will be held strictly accountable for the number of rounds issued to him, and company officers are directed to make constant inspections of the cartridge-boxes and their magazines, in order to assure themselves that there is no improper wastage.

II. The commanding general has also learned that the arms issued to some of the regiments are not of uniform caliber, and, consequently, there has been some disproportion in the corresponding ammunition. As this might not improbably prove a fatal error, it is strictly enjoined upon all commanders to give a careful personal examination of all requisitions for ammunition, and also to superintend the distribution of the same to the men.

III. The attention of the troops in this department is called to the evil practice of tearing down fences and other private property for firewood and other purposes. All interference will the rights of citizens is highly injurious in its tendency, and is strictly forbidden. the general hopes that it will only be necessary to remind the troops that they are citizens as well as soldiers, and that, as they take up arms to repel the enemy from our soil, they should still be more careful to preserve it sacred from their own depredations. Prompt and severe punishment will follow all irregularities of this nature in future, and it is strictly enjoined upon all officers to see to the literal execution of this order.

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 22, 1861.

Governor MILTON,

Tallahassee:

We shall not recognize any action of Colonel Dilworth in contravention of instructions sent to him. General Trapier has gone to Fernandina and will assume command at once, and thus bring matters into proper order. His command extends to the Chockawhatchee, and not to be Chattanoochee, as you supposed.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBIA, November 26, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

You telegraphed me that instead of sending me Gregg's regiment or others you would send some North Carolina regiments to us. If you could send another it would be of great service, particularly if armed. You must judge if an attack on Chaleston is intended, for if it is we will want at least six more armed regiments there, the line is so long.

F. W. PICKENS.

