HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,Charleston, November 26, 1861.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie:

CAPTAIN: I have received a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Black that he has reliable information that the enemy has landed at Otter Island and Fenwick's Island. The abandonment of the ports of course leaves the streams Ashepoo and Paw Paw open, as, from what I learn from Captain Wakler, they cannot be immediately obstructed. Forces are required for each river. I have none at my disposal. I shall, however, in addition to the movement of the Rifle Regiment, South Carolina Militia, send two companies of Orr's regiment, to act with Lieutenant-Colonel Black on the main, and annoy, if not stop, the enemy if he attempts to pass through Dolso Creek.

Meantime the work of fortifying and arming progresses slowly, but, as there is but little more powder to be had, the number of our guns will not assist us very materially. I beg to represent the want to the general commanding, that it may be supplied, if possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, November 26, 19861.

General R. S. RIPLEY, P. A.,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to say that the enemy can land on all the islands he can approach with his armed vessels, but he will hardly find it to his advantage to hold them after they have been pillaged. Urge forward, therefore, the obstructions to the Ashepoo and Edisto, and see if laborers cannot be obtained on the line of rivers to be obstructed.

The deficiency in powder is a serious calamity, and the general desires you to furnish these headquarters with a statement of what is at you disposal on account of the Confederate States. The State has in addition 14,175 pounds of cannon powder, which it will no doubt distribute for the defense of Charleston.

Colonel William V. Mallard is reported to be at Jacksonborough, on the Ediston, with two companies of infantry. As he is not mentioned in your report of troops furnished this office on your departure, you will please inform these headquarters in what service he belongs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Hardeeville, November 26, 1861.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie, S. C.:

SIR: I inclose you a copy of a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Colcock, and although I have indorsed my approval of his application

