
once night and day, and expect to turn out from 300 to 500 pounds of cannot per day. If possible, this amount shall be increased.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. GILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Ordnance Officer.

RICHMOND, VA., November 29, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Columbia, S. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of the 24th instant,* and thank you for writing so freely.

Generals Evans and Pemberton will be sent to General Lee immediately.

The deficiencies of which you speak in the character of your brigadier-generals will, I hope, be compensated for by the presence of General Lee and the addition of General Pemberton.

More than half the amount of powder received was ordered to be furnished to General Lee. The whole amount was less than that asked for by you.

In regard to arms, I wish indeed that I had more to give you. Governor Letcher has now 500 for you in addition to the 500 previously furnished. This is but a small supply, but will be increased as fast as our means will admit.

Very respectfully and truly,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, November 29, 1861.

His Excellency Governor MILTON,

Tallahassee, Fla.:

SIR: The President has received your letter of the 19th instant in regard to the condition of things in Florida, &amp;c., and has referred it to me for reply.

Since the date of your letter the arrival of General Trapier and the organization of the military district under his command have doubtless put an end to the apprehensions you suggest, and render it, therefore, unnecessary for the President to avail himself of your proffered services. We rely, nevertheless, with confidence upon our vigilant and zealous co-operation in all our effort for the defense of Florida against the common enemy. Your excellency may rest assumed, and you may assure the patriotic people of your State, that you shall not be overlooked in our effort of the common defense. Of this the arrival, I hope by this time, of the munitions, &c., requested by Judge Baker and the measures of preparation organized by General Trapier have already given you some assurance. No effort shall be intermitted by the Confederate Government to insure the safety of your State, either now or hereafter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

