
[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, DEPT. S. C., Tulafinny, November 16, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM E. MARTIN,Commanding Mounted Regiment:

COLONEL: You will proceed as quickly as possible to organize four or more parties, to be composed of volunteers from your command and such citizens as you can induce to give their services to the country, to proceed, in such manner as you may determine upon and direct, into that section of country which is now in possession of the enemy, to take such steps as may be fit and proper for the removed and escape of citizens of South Carolina or their slaves, and for the protection of the material property which may be in the vicinity, and to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy. Should it be necessary, you are authorized to destroy all cotton which is in that district of country, to prevent its being made use of by the enemy, but where the owner of the property is present let him be consulated. On no account, however, let if fall into the hands of the enemy if your force can prevent it. Much discretion must be left to you in carrying out these orders, but first secure all property, next prevent the enemy from getting possession of cotton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Should you be unable from any circumstance to carry out this order in full, carry it out as far as possible.

[Indorsement.]

I have seen the within order and approve of it. I suggested it to General Lee, because I consider the property now in possession of the enemy and because its destruction weakens the enemy.

F. W. PICKENS.

[Inclosure B.]

NOVEMBER 16, 1861.

On the next day I was shown by Captain Pope orders from General Ripley assigning the captain to the command of two or more parties in the expedition, and directing the movements to be made in conjunction with and simultaneous with mine.

[WM. E. MARTIN,

Colonel Mounted Regiment.]

[Inclosure C.]

CAMP MARTIN, NEAR POCOTALIGO, S. C., November 19, 1861.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Referring to your orders for penetrating into the islands held by the enemy, I have the honor to report that,, in

consequence of Captain Pope's intimate knowledge of the topography of these islands I intrusted to him the details of the plan for reaching Saint Helena, while I determined, in conjunction with Major Oswald, to take charge of a strong column of cavalry for operations on Port Royal Island. Your orders directed the duties to be performed by volunteers from my command and such citizens as could be induced to give their aid. On

