HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, December 9, 1861.

Colonel [R. G. M.] DUNOVANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: A dispatch has just been received from Colonel Jones, stating that the enemy was landing at Cunnigham Point, and asking whether you should move to the attack, provided the enemy does not advance to the road now occupied by you.

The general commanding directs me to say that it the enemy attempts to effect a landing on this side you will attack him and drive him back.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, December 10, 1861.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Fourth Military District, South Carolina:

GENERAL: Captain Ives reports that the obstruction placed in the Conbahee River, even should it stop the advance of an enemy, would arrest him within 2 1/2 miles of the railroad, and unless prevented by a strong force he could easily reach it by land. There is no defense of this confer projected, nor could one be advantageously arranged. The work, however, is partially completed, and is therefore of some benefit. Two 12-poundes are placed at Tar Bluff, with a view of opposing the ascent of the river. They can make but slight resistance, especially as they are unprotected by defensive works, and being within 1 1/2 miles of Field's Point, a good landing place for the enemy, they can easily be captured.

If an obstruction can be placed in the Combahee below the bluff it would give more stability to the battery, and perhaps prevent the enemy from attempting the ascent of the river. The width is about 200 yards and the depth at least 40 feet. It would therefore require great labor to obstruct it. I understand, however, that the planters interested in the project are willing to furnish labor and material, and the matter is left to your discretion.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 17. Coosawhatchie, S. C., December 10, 1861.

I. The coast of South Carolina will be divided into five military districts:

The First, or Eastern District, will extend from Little River Inlet to the South Santee River, under the command of Colonel A. M. Manigult, headquarters at Georgetown.

The Second, beginning at the South Santee, will extend to the Stono River and up Rantowles Creek, under the command of Brigadier General R. S. Ripley, headquarters at Charleston.

The Third will comprise the country between the Stono and Ashepoo Rivers, under the command of ---, headquarters at Adams Run.

The Fourth will extend from the Adhepoo to the Port Royal entrance, thence through the Collection river and Ocella Creek to Ferebeeville,

