
under the command of Brigadier General J. C. Pemberton, headquarters at Coosawhatchie.

The Fifth will embrace the country between the last-named boundary and the Savannah River, under the command of Brigadier General T. F. Drayton, headquarters at Hardeeville.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

V. The Third Military District, as organized in Paragraph I, is for the present attached to the Second.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, A. AND I. G. O.,

Columbia, S. C., December 12, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Southern Department, Coosawhatchie:

GENERAL: Having understood from unofficial sources that you feel somewhat embarrassed at to the control and disposition of the State troops in service, in consequence of conflict of orders, I have the honor to state that no orders but those requiring troops of the State to report to you or your subalterns for duty upon requisitions made. The troops of the State are entirely without any reservation under your control, and the only irregularity attending the matter, as far as this office is concerned, is that requisitions for troops are often made by subalterns instead of coming through the department office.

I would assure you again of the most hearty and sincere co-operation of the State authorities in all possible matters; of their earnest desire to carry out your designs and wished when made known to them, and their readiness to respond to an call you may make upon them to the utmost extent of their ability. Permit me to add that they do this the more cheerfully, as you possess their entire confidence.

I have just read this letter to the governor, and he approves and endorses my expressions of confidence and support.

I have the honor to inclose a copy of my orders* under act of the general assembly of the State, and as soon as the militia organizations can be relieved and their places supplied by volunteer troops I shall no longer have any distinct State troops in the field, but al will have taken Confederate service.

Allow me to say that the troops now being sent forward are sent in accordance with the instructions of Lieutenant-Colonel Preston, assistant adjutant-general. I have given orders for the fitting up of two additional batteries of light artillery, making five State batteries in all, and have written to ask for the guns of our battery in Virginia, as the term of service of the men who are with it expires in January next.

Let me ask of you to inform me at once of any irregularity that can be remedied by State authority, and it will be promptly attended to.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

S. R. GIST,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

