
will now give steadiness and security to our troops in any advance of the enemy from any of those quarters, and afford time to move troops to meet them. The works have been mostly constructed by labor finished by the planters. I hope they will be completed this week. The batteries in the harbor are in good condition, and if properly served should arrest the approach by the channel. Wahoo Creek is also provided with batteries in addition to those previously constructed at the mouth of the Stono, which should stop vessels by that direction. They form part of the lines of land defense and points of support where they touch the creek.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, December 16, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Tennessee regiments arrived. Want what can be spared from other points. Require heavy guns, if available. Land defenses around Charleston progressing. If batteries are well fought, enemy ought not to succeed by water approaches. Eighty vessel of enemy counted at Port Royal on the 12th.

R. E. LEE.

RICHMOND, December 16, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Charleston:

I send you six 32-poundes, with barbette carriages. They will leave here on Wednesday. Have sent you Waddill's Louisiana battalion and Ector's Georgia regiment. Will send you Russell's Mississippi regiment and Philips' Georgia Legion in a day or two. Will you want any more heavy guns?

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

COOSAWHATCHIE, December 17, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

In addition ot the six 32-pounders, require guns and howitzers on traveling carriages for land defense. Understand they can be had at Norfolk. Have written on the subject.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 22. Coosawhatchie, S. C., December 18, 1861.

Brigadier General N. G. Evans, C. S. Provisional Army, having reported at these headquarters, pursuant to instructions from the Secretary of War, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Military District of South Carolina, as set forth in Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 17, current series, from these headquarters.

T. A. WASHINGTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

