HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, S. C., December 20, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am mush in need of guns for land defense and the protection of the rivers extending into the country. I have understood that there are carronades at the Norfolk navy-yard unemployed. Please, if practicable, send me eight 42-pounder carronades on chassis carriages, with a supply of shot, grape, shell, and primers, implements, &amp;c., complete, with as little delay as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant-Colonel Gorgas, for immediate attention.

J. P. B.

On the 17th December three 32-pounder heavy guns. On the 21st December two 8-inch columbiads were sent to General Lee, and to-morrow one 8-inch columbiad and one 24-pounder siege gun will be sent.

Very respectfully,

L. GIBBON, Captain.

DECEMBER 30, 1861.

Eight 42-pounder carronades were sent from Norfolk navy-yard to General Lee December 27, as per invoice received from Commodore Fairfax. The ammunition will be sent from here to-day.

J. GORGAS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

RICHMOND, December 20, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Charleston:

I have no objections to you diving arms to any companies mustered for the war, as requested by Governor Pickens. It is not necessary to reserve them for an organized regiment unless you prefer to do so..

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 23. Coosawhatchie, December 20, 1861.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

III. The following regiments and battalion of South Carolina volunteers, recently mustered into the service of the Confederate States, are assigned to the command of Brigadier General N. G. Evans, and will immediately proceed to such destination as that officer many designate, viz: Sixteenth Sought Carolina Volunteers, Colonel C. J. Elford; Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel J. H. Means; Laurens battalion, Major G. S. James.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of General Lee:

T. A. WASHINGTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

