
eral Trapier at Fernandina, and the third placed at such point as may be, in your judgment, most necessary. Should the guns be unprovided with carriages, Colonel Gill has been directed to supply them.

The guns for General Trapier the latter has made a requisition for, and desires to have forwarded to him without delay.

Very respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, December 25, 1861.

General R. E. LEE,

Coosawhatchie:

Yours of 20th received. On the 17th sent you three 32-pounders from here, and ordered three more sent to you from New Orleans. On the 21st sent you two 8-inch columbiads. Will send you to-morrow one more 8-inch columbiad and one 24-pounder siege gun.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF S. C.,Georgetown, December 25, 1861.

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The schooner Prince of Wales, from Nassau, loaded with salt, fruit, &amp;c., having been chased by a steamer and bark of the Federal Navy, ran into North Inlet, one of the harbors of this district, the enemy's vessels not being able to follow her, and she getting aground when inside, and having been hulled several times by their shot, boats were sent in to take her, when the captain fired the vessel and escaped with his crew. The enemy proceeded to tow her out, when a mounted detachment of Captain Tucker's company arrived, opened fire from the north side of the inlet upon the boats, and forced them to abandon their prize and return to their ships.

About 4 o'clock in the afternoon five boats filled with men put off again from the vessel, to come in either to land on North Island or again take possession. Lieutenant Harllee, with 6 men (picket guard), Company D, Tenth Regiment, as soon as they came within reach, fired upon them and continued to do so, eventually driving them back to their vessels. The boats' crews in both instances returned the fire of our men. No one hurt on our side. Detachments sent to support the picket guard did not arrive in time to take any part in the affair. I regret to state that the vessel has since burned to the water's line, and is, with her cargo, a total loss. She was owned, I believed, by the house of John Fraser & Co., Charleston.

I remain, respectfully,

A. M. MANIGAULT,

Colonel, Commanding First Military District.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, December 25, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter from General Lee, of the 23rd instant, and inclose herewith a memoran-

