
proper application, easily procured for this place. He also informed me that they can be readily rifled at Mobile. My largest guns here and 32s. If your excellency sanctions it, will it not be advisable to procure these guns at once, have them rifled at Mobile, and forwarded to this post, with about 100 rounds (or less) of balls for each? We could then hold the enemy in check at long range.

I beg to call the above particularly to the notice of your excellency, and trust my suggestion will meet your approval.

The batteries here are all so forward towards completion and their constructions approved by Lieutenant Mickle (whose report upon them I have the honor to transmit herewith), that I send him back to Pensacola, having no further occasion for his services. He is not acquainted with artillery drill, else I would have retained him here.

I have the honor to be, your excellency's very obedient servant,

R. F. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

APALACHICOLA, FLA., December 14, 1861.

General RICHARD F. FLOYD,

Commanding Troops at Apalachicola:

GENERAL: In company with Mr. Benezet, who has the supervision of the works, and to whom, by the way, I am indebted for his kindness in showing me the batteries and their bearings on the approaches to the city, I to-day visited the defenses of Apalachicola.

Presuming that I have but little experience in military engineering, I proceed without further apology to give you, in compliance with your request, a brief report as to the efficiency of your batteries.

To my astonishment I found that, though built by men of little or no experience, they differ but little from those around the harbor of Pensacola, and that, too, on points involving mere convenience, or which from surrounding circumstances require a difference. Your magazines are built farther from the guns that those in the batteries at Pensacola, and are therefore not so convenient; and the parapets are not so high in your batteries as in those at Pensacola, but from the nature of the approaches that is to a great extent necessary.

Except a suggestion to young gunners to practice at a target placed where the attacking force would probably be stationed, I know of no other that I can make which would be practicable.

From my limited knowledge of your harbor and the enemy's fleet, I am unable to form an opinion as to the armament he may bring against you, but think I hazard nothing in saying it must be sufficiently heavy to destroy your city at the distance of 2 miles or he must adopt another plan of attack.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. MICKLE,

Second Lieutenant, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS,Coosawhatchie, December 27, 1861.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to receive your letter of the 20th inst.* In a previous [letter] I endeavored to express to your excellency my

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

