
I have heard nothing since from Captain Pope, and I do not know whether he is still prosecuting his plans or has returned to his command at Stano, nor where to address him. I feel very anxious to discharge the obligation imposed upon me by the order, and I am at a loss whether I should wait longer upon Captain Pope. Under these circumstances many I ask the favor of you to mention the subject to the general, and to confer with Captain Pope, if he is in Charleston, and ask him to let me have his views or inform me whether he has gone to Stono? I am disposed to execute the scheme as to Port Royal Island and without waiting longer, and I would be most happy to be relieved from the suspense at present.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MARTIN,

Colonel Mounted Regiment.

[Inclosure E.]

[Extract from a letter from General Ripley in reply.]

NOVEMBER 24, 1861.

* * * *

As regards the execution of the order relative to operations on Port Royal you are to use your own discretion.

* * * *
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED REGIMENT, Pocotaligo, S. C., December 5, 11861-3 p. m.

GENERAL: I wrote to Captain Elliott yesterday that you desired his presence with mine at your headquarters to know the details of the expedition the letter Captain Elliott went over with 25 men and has partly executed his mission, and had not returned when last head from. I send this by a special messenger, to inquire if you will approve of my starting immediately with a detachment of 30 or 40 men to support Captain Elliott and complete the work. If you will favor me with a reply by telegraph it will expedite my departure.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. E. MARTIN,

Colonel Mounted Regiment.

Major-General LEE,

Coosawhatchie, S. C.

HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED REGIMENT, Pocotaligo, S. C., December 9, 1861.

GENERAL: At 9 p. m., 5th instant, I received a telegram from you,authorizing me to proceed to Port Royal Island to complete the burning able to cross the ferry about dark, I started next day at 12 m., sent forward scouts to Beaufort to report to me at the ferry. They did so, and the information from the town was bough (down to sundown) that there was no enemy on the island.

At 6 p. m. I roused the ferry with 10 men, under a lieutenant, with two guides-Captain O. Barnwell and Dr. Hasell-leaving the remainder

