
of the strength of this coast. I also request that you will inform me when you send guns or munitions upon the requisitions of others within this department, that I may know their destination and application. I had not been informed of your intention to send the six columbiads to Fernandina.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

P. S.-There is a want of cannon powder at Fernandina. Captain Cuyler will send 2,000 pounds, received from Augusta, for immediate use.

SAVANNAH, GA., January 15, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fernandina, Fla.:

SIR: In reference to the deficiency of accouterments for the troops on Amelia Island, to which my attention was called during my recent visit, I find that, in compliance with my previous orders, 500 sets, on the 21st ultimo, were sent by Captain Cuyler, of the ordnance, to Major John G. Barnwell, Fernandina; 500 sets Enfield accouterments, on the 28th ultimo, by Lieutenant Harden, from Brunswick, to Major Barnwell; that on the 31st ultimo Lieutenant-Colonel Gill wrote from Augusta that he would send "300 infantry accouterments to Major Barnwell, Fernandina, in charge of a special messenger."

If these accouterments have been received there is no reason for the deficiency complained of, and I request you will report the fact to my headquarters.

I have directed 300 pairs of shoes to be sent from this place to the brigade quartermaster at Fernandina and some clothing from Columbus, which I understand is at that place. Captain Cuyler will send some cannon powder from here to Captain McBlair (2,000 pounds), which will increase his supply for the 8-inch guns. I also directed when at Brunswick 500 pounds of lead to be sent to Fernandina, to enable the colonel of the Mississippi regiment to make additional cartridges for his regiment. I understood he had powder.

By a dispatch from Richmond I learn that four 8-inch guns are on their way to Fernandina. Carriages have been ordered for them here, but only one is now completed. I understand that these are in addition to the two which reached Fernandina on the 11th instant. Should this be the case, I think one or two of them had better be mounted on the south end of Cumberland Island.

I request this letter to be forwarded to General Trapier.

I have the honor, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, January 17, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: By a communication from the commandant of Saint Simon's Island I am informed that the port of Brunswick is continually blockaded by a heavy side-wheel steamer, and that the enemy's gun-boats have been cruising inside of Sapello and the adjacent inlets.

