
their success there (which Heaven forbid), and the make the attempt, we are entirely at their mercy, for we have neither artillery nor arms for infantry; in fact, the city is for effective service totally defenseless, and no matter how willing we all might be to fight to the last, we could do no good unless we have arms.

It has been suggested to me to write to you on this subject. There is now 82,000 bales of cotton here, besides the powder-mills, factories, &amp;c., which should be protected. I would respectfully suggest that an efficient battery of twelve or fifteen guns of suitable caliber should be at once placed at Silver Bluff, on the Carolina side, about 2 to 5 miles below the city, and also that rafts or old boats and other and other material suitable for the purpose should be used to barricade the river, which could be effectually done at Matthew's Bluff, about 90 miles below the city. It is the opinion of well-informed men as well as myself that this should be done immediately.

I hope your excellency will excuse me for mentioning this important matter to you, and I hope it will meet with a favorable consideration. And, further, let me assure you that any service I can do you and my State in this was [illegible] or any other business will be cheerfully done to the best of my ability, without fear or reward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Georgia Militia.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah, Ga., February 14, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding, &c., Charleston:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that General Evans has reported that the enemy have landed in considerable force on Edisto and driven his pickets from Jehossee, and has requested that his force be increased as soon as possible. He therefore desires you to send as soon as possible the four companies intended for the battalion under Messrs. Nelson and Aiken, and to request General Gist to hasten the organization of the two regiments lately withdrawn from the Third District South Carolina. In the mean time, should there be one of the new regiments ready to take the field, he desires you to order it to report to General Evans and to notify him accordingly.

I am, &c.,

[W. H. TAYLOR,]

A. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, February 15, 1862.

Captain W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Savannah, GA.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find charges and specifications against Captain J. H. Rion, Lieutenants Harrison, Kennedy, and Isabell, of the Lyles Rifles. These officers have positively refused to obey my order. I have arrested them, and placed an officer of another company in command of the Lyles Rifles.

