
aware. With less than three more good regiments, well drilled, if the duty of defending these islands is still on you, you ought not to be content.

I forgot to mention that General Ripley has relieved Captain Pinckney's company at the ferry by one of the regulars of Colonel Dunovant's regiment; so there is now no picket on the John's Island side of the ferry. The ship went reconnoitering on Tuesday morning towards Bear's Bluff, and approached, as we thought, within the range of your guns at White Point. We expected you to fire on the enemy before they fired on our pickets and damaged some of the houses at Rockville.

Wishing you a prosperous and brilliant campaign and that you may add to your Leesburg laurels, I remain, dear general, yours, truly.

RICHARD DE TREVILLE.
HDQRS. SECOND MILITARY DISTRICT SOUTH CAROLINA,Charleston, February 15, 1862.

Captain W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Savannah, Ga.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of order concerning mechanics, &amp;c. I have taken the necessary steps for obtaining the reports required.

General Evans telegraphs, date of 15th:

Enemy landed one regiment on Edisto yesterday. A spy taken this morning says he will ascend the Wadmalaw and land at Simon's Landing. Please send me two heavy guns; if none other, 8-inch howitzers.

I have not a gun to send him, the number of guns here belonging to the State being held for our lines. Am preparing to support him with infantry, but regret to add that the regiments are not what I could wish. Moragne's and Gadberry's are still down with measles, and Keitt's not armed yet.

Although I think the movement here is rather demonstrative than positive, so long as the enemy threatens Savannah so seriously there is no doubt that Simon's Landing is a very important point, and if possible would like to arm and hold it. I do not see how I can assist General Evans, except by infantry such as I have.

The store of powder in Fort Sumter has been very much diminished, and I should like much to have it replaced as soon as possible. The further supplies for the lines, I suppose will have to come from that fort, and it would be well to keep it in full condition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah, February 15, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel GILL,

Commanding Arsenal at Augusta:

COLONEL: I wrote yesterday to Major Rains in reference to the advisability of obstructing the navigation of the Savannah River below Augusta, for which he had suggested a plan. As the informed me he should be absent on official business for some time, I find it necessary to apply to you for information. I desire to know whether any exam-

