
can judge from the character of the vessels and the position of their troops, I see no indications of an immediate attack. They may be waiting for re-enforcements, or intend to deceive by demonstrations here while preparing for an attack on the coast elsewhere. I desire to know whether you can detect any indication of a movement against Charleston, and whether, should the attack be made against this city, you could detach two or more good artillery companies, skilled in the management of heavy guns, for service in the open batteries on Savannah River. These companies of course are only intended for temporary service and to provide against the impracticability of obtaining good artillerists from the new troops in this State.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &C.,Savannah, Ga., February 15, 1862.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS,

Commanding, &c., Adams Run:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of this day's date, and have directed that a court-martial be convened at Adams Run for the trial of the officers of the Lyles Rifles.

As regards the re-enforcements that you request, I wrote you yesterday on the subject, which is all, under the circumstances, that can be done. It will be impossible to find sufficient troops to garrison the whole line of the coast, and all that can be done is to ascertain the points of attack, concentrate the troops in the district to meet the advance of the enemy, and if unable to drive him, to hold him in check until re-enforcements can be forwarded from other districts.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT, DEPT. OF GEORGIA,Brunswick, February 16, 1862.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of General Lee, that the guns have all been removed from the islands and brought to this place, with the exception of one 32-pounder, which I expect up in the course of the day. One 42-pounder and eight 32-pounders have been shipped to Savannah by rail, and I hope to get off to-day and to-morrow the columbiads and the remaining 32s, reserving four 32s to be sent to Fernandina. Lieutenant-Colonel Lamar's battalion is now encamped at this place, and Colonel Styles' command, it is hoped, will all be withdrawn before to-morrow night, though the weather is now very unfavorable, especially for the removal of his horse company and light artillery.

Before finally evacuating this position I beg to bring to the consideration of the general the question of burning the town of Brunswick. For the moral effect it would produce upon the enemy, as evidencing our determination to continue the present contest with unconquerable determination and at every sacrifice, and for other obvious reasons, which

