
latter. I had hoped that guns could be obtained in time to defend these rear approaches, but as I now see no possibility of doing so, and as the means on the island are incompetent in your opinion for its defense, you are authorized to retire both from Cumberland and Amelia Islands to the main-land, taking such positions as will best defend the interests of the State, and using the guns and troops for that purpose. Captain Blain's company must be sent as soon as possible to this city, to report to General Lawton.

The withdrawal of the troops and guns will have to be done with extreme caution, and your arrangements for that purpose must be done so quietly and executed so speedily as not to attract the attention of the enemy.

The guns from Cumberland should first be removed and transported across at night; logs in imitation of guns should be mounted in their place as the guns are removed. The same precaution should be taken in dismantling the batteries at Amelia Island; the platforms, ammunition, and munitions of all sorts secured. It is hoped that the guns and ammunition derived from these points will enable you to secure other important points the State of Florida, for supplying which I see no other means.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 24, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, &c., Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I am in receipt to-day of a letter from Brigadier-General Trapier, commanding, &c., Florida, requesting most earnestly to be at least supplied with 1,000 muskets for the arming of the new troops under his command. One company, which was mustered in the service on 11th December last for the war, has not as yet, he informs me, received a single arm. I have not any at my disposal to give him, those allotted to my department having already been devoted to the arming of troops mustered into service from Georgia and South Carolina. I see by the disposition that has been made of the arms that 900 are to be sent to Richmond; if those are not wanted there I would recommend that they be applied to the arming of the troops now mustering for the war in this department. General Trapier also applies for some blankets and powder, if they can be spared. Similar applications have been made to me by the governor of Florida.

I am, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

SAVANNAH, GA., February 24, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida, Tullhassee:

GOVERNOR: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 21st instant,* handed to me by Colonel J. J. Williams, of Florida.

I regret very much to learn that the means for the defense of the capital of the State are so deficient. Not finding it possible to defend

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

