
Tallahassee and Saint Andrew's or Saint Joseph's Bays, they can attack in the rear all batteries which may be constructed on either side of the river.

But, sir, if the sacrifice of Florida is necessary to secure the sacred rights claimed by the people of the Confederate States, there is not a man, woman, or child, true to the cause of liberty in Florida, but what will say amen, and in the midst of desolation, however fearful, advocate and cheer the progress of freedom to the South.

But, sir, we do not wish to give up our personal rights without striking a blow in their defense, and we are destitute of arms and the munitions of war, while in the State is a large quantity of arms and ammunition belonging to the Confederate Government not only liable but in danger of being captured by the enemy. I allude to the arms and ammunition at Smyrna. Moreover, when brought from Smuyrna to Madison [the railroad depot], for the want of ready and sufficient means of transportation, they are subject to be seised and used by slaves against the lives of our citizens. I propose to order these arms and munitions of war to be sent to this place for safe-keeping, and, if necessary, for use by the forces now being mustered in for Confederate service during the war. To get them from Smyrna, I shall probably order some companies to that place to take the arms and march with them to protect the wagons of transportation. If here, they will be subject to your order or forwarded without it as soon as possible. If the enemy should get command of the Saint John's River, it will not be possible to get the arms from Smyrna without a long and tedious march, where subsistence for the forces cannot be easily obtained. Say to me to arm and equip 2,500 men in Florida for Confederate service for the year, or for the war, if it is to the end of time, and the 2,500, upon the terms, will be armed and equipped, and the balance of the arms and equipments will be protected will be otherwise consumed in their transportation, even if not interrupted.

In conclusion permit me to invite your attention to the inclosed copy of a resolution of the arms and equipments will be protected from the enemy and slaves, and forwarded in one-third of the time which will be otherwise consumed in their transportation, even if not interrupt.

In conclusion permit me to invite your attention to the inclosed copy of a resolution of the so-styled executive council. My views with regard to this regiment have been too freely avowed to justify my saying more on the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.

[Inclosure No. 1.] SAVANNAH, GA., March 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER,

Commanding, at Tallahassee:

GENERAL: In pursuance of instructions from the War Department, you are directed to send the Mississippi regiment, Colonel Dowd commanding, to Tennessee, by the most expeditious route, to report to General A. S. Johnston. He is reported to be at Murfreesborough, and it is presumed that the route by Chattanooga will be the most direct. I desire that no delay that you can possibly avoid will take place in forwarding these troops, as thee is an immediate necessity for defending the road from Memphis to Richmond. The recent disasters to our arms in Tennessee forces the Government to withdraw forces employed in the defense of the seaboard. The only troops to be retained in Florida are such as may be necessary to defend Apalachicola River, by which the enemy's gunboats may penetrate far into the State of Georgia. You are therefore desired to put that river and harbor in a satisfactory state of defense, and forward all troops not necessary for that purpose to report

