
unwilling to withdraw them until I learn that their services can be dispensed with; they will therefore continue with you for the present. I take pleasure in commanding to you my volunteer aide-de-camp, Captain J. Manigault, who, from his local knowledge and other considerations, I presume would prefer serving in South Carolina, and hope that you may give him some position in which his services may be secured to his native State. I also left in Savannah Captain J. R. F. Tattnall, C. S. Marine Corps, volunteer aide-de-camp, in charge of certain operations, in which it may be desirable for you to continue him. He is also commended to your attention, as I believe that you will require the aid of every good citizen of your department to contribute to its defense.

I am, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 59. Richmond, March 14, 1862.

*			*			*			*			*

XXII. Major General John C. Pemberton is assigned to the command of the Department of South Carolina and Georgia.

XXIII. Brigadier General J. H. Trapier is assigned to the command of the Department of Middle and Eastern Florida. The western boundary of this department will be the Choctawhatchie River.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

- -,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, March 18, 1862.

Honorable ISAAC W. HAYNE,

Of Executive Council:

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from an official visit to Florida, which I hope will excuse the tardy acknowledgment of your favor of the 9th instant. I have to express my thanks for the prompt attention given by the executive council to my application in reference to negro labor. The resolution of the council will no doubt be sufficient to accomplish all that is desired. It is, in my opinion, a matter of great public interest that the connection between the South Carolina Railroad and Charleston and Savannah Railroad be made as soon as practicable. Any assistance in my power will be most cheerfully given. The connection is emphatically a military necessity. Be pleased to inform me in what manner I can best aid in the work.

Very respectfully,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Pocotaligo, March 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return from an official visit, via Chattahoochee River, to the cities of Apalachicola and Tallahassee,

