
Captain C. Smith's company of cavalry.

Captain Partridge's company of cavalry.

Captain Thigpen's company of cavalry.

Captain Smith's company of cavalry.

Captain Turner's company of cavalry [to be disbanded].

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &amp;c., Pocotaligo, March 18, 1862.

General J. H. TRAPIER,Commanding Dept.of East and Middle Fla., Tallahassee, Fla.:

GENERAL: The general commanding the department directs me to in form you that he considers it of great moment that all the cotton that has been accumulated at Tallahassee and vicinity should be removed as speedily as possible to some secure place or places in the interior, where there would be no chances of capture by the enemy in case of their getting possession of the city. To this end you will give the necessary notice to the citizens and owners, and in case such an emergency as the probable loss of it should ensue, you should be prepared to burn or otherwise destroy it rather than that it should fall into the enemy's bands.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. WASHINGTON,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, &c., Pocotaligo, March 18, 1862.

General HENRY C. WAYNE,Adjutant and Inspector General Georgia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of March 8, 1862,* and in answer am instructed to state that he [General Pemberton] approves of your idea of ordering out the militia in that part of your State invaded by the enemy; but before inaugurating a system of guerrilla warfare he would recommend that all women and children be removed before such operations are commenced on our part.

I am, &c.,

[T. A. WASHINGTON.]
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES DIST. MIDDLE AND EAST FLA., Tallahassee, March 19, 1862.

Major T. A. WASHINGTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of a letter received yesterday from General Lee+ for the information of the major-general commanding. Under these instructions it becomes my duty to suspend the movement of all troops except that of Dowd's and Davis' regiments and the battalion which is to garrison the works on the Apalachicola River. Want of transportation on the Apalachicola River

---------------

*Not found.

+See Lee to Trapier, March 13,p.406.

---------------

