HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MILITARY DISTRICT S. C., Jericho, April 1, 1862-11 a.m.

Captain J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo:

CAPTAIN: I learn that the enemy have retired to the other side at Port Royal Ferry. I send you a copy of a slip of paper left by them.*

The enemy landed this morning at Page's Point at a latter hour than at Port Royal Ferry. They were burning some houses when last heard from. I have not yet been informed of any advance by them. Our advanced guards of infantry, at Garden's Corner and Camp Pemberton have not been approached. I am about proceeding down the road to ascertain the precise situation of affairs, taking the Twelfth Regiment South Carolina with me.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAXCY GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Military District.

P. S.-While writing the above I have received your two notes, with General Pemberton's postscript to me.

In my dispositions to receive the enemy, made early this morning, I ordered Major Huger, with the artillery, from near Fishburn's Causeway to thee east end of the Combahee Ferry Causeway, there to await further orders, supported by four companies of the Thirteenth South Carolina Volunteers [two more of which are on this side of the ferry]. I had not intended to move the two Georgia regiments farther than Old Pocotaligo before being assured of the enemy's advance. In obedience to General Pemberton's instructions, I will now move them forward to the entrenchments.

MAXCY GREGG.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, April 2, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,Secretary of War:

Information just received by telegraph from Colonel Dilworth, commanding Department of East and Middle Florida, shows it necessary that immediate instructions be given him as to disposition of arms en route from Smyrna, Fla.+

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding Dept. South Carolina and Georgia.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 2, 1862.

Major General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Dept. South Carolina and Georgia, Pocotaligo, S. C.:

GENERAL: By direction of General Lee, commanding, &amp;c., I have the honor to state that he has just received a telegram from Governor Pickens, who states that the abandonment of Cole's Island before the inner lines are prepared opens the approach to the city by Stono to the enemy, and requests that the sickly season is approaching, and that thee is no place on James Island where troops can live.

---------------

*Not found.

+See report of affair March 23, at Smyrna, p.111.

---------------

