
could have gotten a regiment there in addition to the 500 men he had, would, with the preparation he had made, have defended the place. As it was, in the presence of the enemy he retired in order without the loss of a gun or any ammunition or military stores.

There is much confusion and disorder among those in Confederate service, and simply because a competent officer in command is necessary. When General Trapier was relieved of the command, I expressed to the Secretary of War a willingness to direct the military movements in the State a few weeks, until a suitable officer could be assigned to the duty, if he would order the officers in command of regiments to report to me, but he replied thee was no law to authorize it.

As soon as an officer shall be assigned to the command, competent to the discharge of the duties, I shall proclaim martial law throughout the Military Department, because of the disposition manifested in several places to submit to the enemy, and in fact upon the first opportunity to rally to their standard. I would much rather be in the field than discharging the duties of civil life, and would like to be appointed to the command of a brigade, where active service will be required and the enemy can be met.

Agreeably to a requisition of General Lee, four cavalry companies have been mustered into Confederate service and are upon duty, to supply the place of the cavalry regiment commanded by Colonel Wm. G. M. Davis, who was ordered to report to General Johnston. Colonel Davis' regiment is still here, and your attention is respectfully invited to the inclosed correspondence.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

JOHN MILTON.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, April 7, 1862.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,Commanding Second Military District S. C.:

GENERAL: The remaining Charleston companies, referred to in our conversation of the 5th instant, can be mustered in for one year, to complete the organization of corps. I trust, however,that every effort will be made to bring all these troops in for the war. I believe it can be done, and such I heard is also the opinion of Adjutant-General Gist.

If the accounts we have just received from the West of the success of our Army be true, it seems to me very probable that, to counterbalance his defeat there, the enemy may make a prompt and serious attack upon some important point on this seaboard. I am very anxious, therefore, that every exertion should be made to get the works at Elliott's Cut into condition to receive the guns from Cole's Island. If you cannot obtain labor otherwise, you should impress it at once. You are so confident of being able to hold Cole's Island, that I will not insist on the removal of the guns from there until they can be fought at Elliott's Cut. Let me know by telegraph whether the work there is under way; if not, when it will be.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

