
RICHMOND, VA., April 8, 1862.

Gov. JOHN MILTON,

Of Florida, Tallahassee, Fla.:

Before receipts of your dispatch of yesterday, Joseph Finegan had been appointed brigadier-general and assisted to command East and Middle Florida.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS, Richmond, Va., April 8, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,Governor of Florida:

GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 19th March, to the Secretary of War, was submitted by that officer to the President, who has requested me to inform you of the action that has been taken with reference to the appointment of a brigadier-general for command in Florida.

When the desire of General Trapier to be relieved from his command in Florida became known, the President was advised by prominent citizens of that State to appoint General J. Patton Anderson as successor of General Trapier, if the former officer could be spared from his present command. Acting upon this advice, the President proceeded to ascertain whether the services of General Anderson could be had. Before, however, this information could be obtained, and when the posture of affairs in the department to which General Anderson is attached rendered it unlikely that the commanding general would be willing to detach General Anderson, an application was made to the President by the Florida delegation for the appointment of General Jos. Finegan as brigadier-general in the event that the services of General Anderson could not be obtained. The application for appointment of a commander in Florida being urgent, and the necessity for prompt action being fully appreciated by the President, he availed himself of the advice of the members of Congress from Florida, and nominated General Finegan to the position of brigadier-general, and that officer, if his nomination be confirmed, will be assigned to command in Florida.

The President has no doubt, from the statements made to him by all the Representatives from your State as to the qualifications of General Finegan, that, while he has not been able to follow the recommendation of your excellency in making the appointment, you will find that your object in making that recommendation has been fully attained by the action that has been taken.

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA, Pocotaligo, April 8, 1862.

Major T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant. A portion of the guns from the batteries near Georgetown are already in Charleston, the remainder en route, and all secure. The aggregate of all arms left for the protection of the local interests is 1,555, in which are included two companies of cavalry and a field battery-four pieces equipped with horses, two without, but soon

