
carefully noted on the chart of the harbor at Fort Sumter. The first four vessels to the north of the line were sunk on the western end of the Rattle Snake in shoal water, the balance in 4 or 5 fathoms water, and in the track of vessels entering Charleston Harbor by Maffit's Channel.

The operations on both occasions were superintended by six armed steamers and a sailing frigate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. WAGNER,

Major, S. C. Artillery, Commanding Fort Sumter.

Captain LEO. D. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 1, 1862.-Engagement at Port Royal Ferry, Coosaw River, S. C.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army, with congratulary orders.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevans, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Colonel William M. Fenton, Eighth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Colonel James L. Fraser, Forty-seventh New York Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Colonel James H. Perry, Forty-eighth New York Infantry.

Numbers 6.-Major David Morrison, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant William St. George Elliott, Seventy-ninth New York Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Colonel B. C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 9.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas S. Brenholts, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 11.-Lieutenant William S. Cogswell, Fifth Connecticut Infantry, Signal Office.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Henry S. Tafft, Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry, Signal Office.

Numbers 13.-Letter from Major Albert J. Myer, Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

Numbers 14.-Return of casualties in Union Forces.

Numbers 15.-Congratulatory orders from Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 17.-Brigadier General Daniel S. Donelson, C. S. Army.

Numbers 18.-Colonel James Jones, Fourteenth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 19.-Lieutenant Colonel Dixon Barnes, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry.

No. 20.-Major Cadwalader Jones, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 21.-Colonel William E. Martin, Mounted Regiment.

No, 22.-Return of casualties in Confederate forces.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, U. S. Army, with congratulatory orders.

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Port Royal, S. C., January 2, 1862.

SIR: As the Venderbilt leaves to-morrow morning, I deem it proper to inclose to you a letter of instructions to General Stevens, commanding second brigade of this division, of December 30.

The simple object of this dash was to destroy the batteries which the enemy appeared to have erected on the Coosaw River for the obstruction of the navigation and the passage of that stream, and also to punish him for the insult in firing upon the steamer Mayflower on her recent passage through that stream for the purpose of sounding the depth of

