
nor within a mile of the fort he was to enter pell mell with the fugitives retreating before his victorious arms. I have now in my possession nine spikes, taken from the bodies of the dead, designed for our guns.

Our loss is, of regulars, 4 killed, 20 wounded [most very slightly], and 8 missing, among whom is Major Vogdes; of the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, 10 killed, 9 wounded, and 16 missing. The enemy lost, as known to us, 14 killed, including 1 captain; 7 wounded, including 1 lieutenant [2 since dead], and 5 officers and 22 enlisted men prisoners, and as he was known to have carried off some of his dead and probably most of his wounded, those in our hands being all severely so and unable to be removed, and as the heaviest loss is supposed to have been in the boats at the re-embarkation, it was probably three times as great in killed and wounded as I have named.

I close with the agreeable duty of naming to you the officers engaged who so faithfully performed their duty. I mention Major Vogdes first, who, unfortunately, was taken prisoner before a gun on our part was fired, to say that, as second in command and my executive officer, he has efficiently and industriously performed his duty during the whole time of my command, and his services have been very valuable.

Major Arnold, who succeeded to the command after the capture of his superior, conducted the affair great gallantry, prudence, and ability. He speaks in the highest terms of Captains Robertson and Hildt and Lieutenants Shipley and Seeley, and indeed of all the others whose names I give: Major Tower and Lieutenant Reese, of the Engineers; Lieutenants Duryea, Langdon, Jackson, and Taylor, U. S. Artillery, and Captain Dobie, of the New York Volunteers; and it gives me great pleasure to append the names of non-commissioned officers and privates named by their company commanders for distinguished good conduct, and to recommend them to the favorable notice of the Government.

The following are the companies of Major Vogdes' and Arnold's command who participated in the battle, and [with a very few exceptions of individuals] to whom the greatest praise is due: Company A, First Artillery; H, Second Artillery, and Companies C and E, Third Infantry.

I estimate the force of the enemy at 1,200 or 1,500, having closely observed them through a fine telescope as they retreated. There were two large steamers and a barge of equal size and five or six launches all crowded with troops, and the almost unanimous estimate of the officers engaged is 1,500, from personal observation close by.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

P. S.-I have just seen the Pensacola paper, which gives their loss as follows: Killed, 21; wounded, 38; prisoners, 22, which probably is not one-fourth of the actual loss. General Anderson is severely wounded.

[Inclosure.]

Table of distances from Fort Pickens to where the rebels landed on the morning of the 9th of October, 1861, to the intermediate points, by actual measurement, made October 23, 1861.

Yards

From Fort Pickens to Battery Cameron.............. 580

Battery Lincoln.............................. 803

Spanish Fort.................................2,612

