
volleys of musketry in the direction of the hospital. My command of five companies, numbering 250 men, was turned out, and formed on the drill ground fronting the hospital. Lieutenant Hanham came running in, and informing me that about 2,000 armed men in two columns were marching upon us; that the pickets were all attacked about the same time. I at once sent [no officer being near] an orderly to inform Colonel Brown. The orderly, when returning, was made prisoner. Skirmishers were thrown out in advance and on the left flank. I was on the left flank, preparing to wheel by companies to the left and then deploy, when volleys of musketry were fired into us from the direction of the camp. The two left companies wheedled to the left, deployed, and returned the fire. I immediately the tents were in a blaze, and the enemy could be seen in the center of the camp closed in mass, apparently 400 or 500 men. Other companies wee in line on the ridge extending towards the old commissary store. Companies were seen moving across the ridges. My men, on seeing this, broke for the beach. I managed by the assistance of Lieutenants Hanham and Kraell to halt and form about 60 of them behind the first ridge from the drill ground. I then sent for Lieutenant-Colonel Creighton and the remainder of my command. The men returned, stating that they could not find him. Stragglers came in, informing me that Lieutenant-Colonel Creighton, Captain Hazeltine, Captains Hoelzle and Henberer, and Lieutenant Silloway, with the rest of the command, had marched towards the batteries. My men on hearing this could not be restrained, and moved towards the beach and then to Battery Totten, where we halted and rested a short time.

Up to this time I was ignorant of the whereabouts of my officers or men or the movements of troops from the fort. Major Tower came up and informed me that several companies of regulars were in pursuit of the enemy, and for me to advance, which I did as rapidly as the tired condition of the men would permit. About half a mile above the hospital I met the remainder of my command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Creighton. At Major Tower's request I sent forward two companies at double-quick time. I then moved on, endeavoring to overtake the enemy or render what assistance I could. I reached the place where the enemy embarked just as our men were returning. On my returning I deployed two companies across the island as skirmishers to pick up stragglers and the dead and wounded. I have to report the following losses: Killed, 9; wounded, 7; missing, 11.

I would respectfully add that I am pleased with the good-will and promptness of the officers and men in the performance of their duties.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WILSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment N. Y. S. Vols.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN,

Commanding Department of Florida.

HDQRS. CAMP BROWN, DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA, October 14, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with instructions to report the manner of attack and conduct of officers and men in the late attack on the morning of the 9th instant, I respectfully report:

The sentinels of the picket guard were all attacked the same time by

