
small bodies of the enemy, supported by three detachments of them, each about 600 strong, approaching upon them from the Gulf beach, center of island, and bay shore. Lieutenant Hanham was officer of the picket guard. He formed his relief in good order and retreated, firing upon the enemy, and rallied upon the battalion then on the parade ground.

Captain Hoelzle was officer of the day. He, on the first alarm, formed the main guard and marched towards the beach, where alarms were being given. He met a large body of the enemy, fired into them, and was fired into in return. Captain Hoelzle was knocked down and walked over. He arose quickly and shot a man who was taking aim at him. He then retreated to the front of the guard-house, and met Captain Hazeltine, who was in command of the skirmishers, then retreating before the enemy.

Captain Duffy, who had command of the skirmishers on the left, was cut off with four men, and had to remain in front of the camp until near daylight.

The sentinels all stood their ground manfully, firing while retreating. Corp. William Parsonage, of Company H [since dead], while supporting a sentinel and fighting manfully, was shot through the body in three places and bayoneted,, but killed his opponent. Private P. McGrail, of Company F, posted at the Spanish Fort, was killed at his post after firing three shots at the enemy. Private William Scott, of Company C, on the approach of the enemy from the Gulf beach, waited until they approached to within 10 feet, and deliberately shot Captain Bradford, who was leading them on.

I must thank Lieutenant Hanham, Lieutenant Kraell, and Sergt. Major Robert Gill for the valuable assistance they rendered me in keeping my men in order, and for their good behavior while under the fire of the enemy.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. WILSON,

Colonel Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Colonel HARVEY BROWN,

Commanding Department of Florida, Fort Pickens.

No. 5. Report of Captain John McL. Hildt, Third U. S. Infantry.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of an engagement with the enemy on the morning of the 9th of October:

About 3.30 o'clock a.m., it having become evident from firing from the direction of Camp Brown that the enemy had made an attack on the companies of the Sixth New York Volunteers stationed at that point, Company E, Third Infantry, 62 rank and file, under command of Captain J. McL. Hildt, Third Infantry, and 31 rank and file of Company A, First Artillery, under command of Second Lieutenant F. E. Taylor, First Artillery, the whole commanded by Major I. Vogdes, First Artillery, left the fort to render any necessary assistance. The command proceeded through Batteries Cameron and Lincoln, being re-enforced at the latter

