
John Kegan, for the efficient manner in which they assigned me during the whole morning by their cool and steady bearing and prompt action.

I cannot close this communication without paying a well-deserved compliment to Captain J. H. Dobie, Sixth Regiment of Volunteers, and tendering him my most sincere thanks for his most able assistance. Captain Dobie, having been separated from his company before daylight, joined me as a volunteer, and was with me until after the close of the action, and was of the greatest assistance in restraining the men while on the march and encouraging them by his cool manner and voice while under fire. From my observation, the cool manner of my men, the length of time an distance of fire, the loss of the enemy must have been very considerable both on the steamer and flat-boat.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Company B.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

Commanding Column on morning October 9, 1861.

BATTERY LINCOLN, SANTA ROSA ISLAND,

October 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the request that in my report of the affairs of the morning of he 9th instant the name of Private Michael M. Add, of Company H, Second Artillery, be erased, and that of Private John Gannon (same company) inserted in its place. At the time of the affair spoken of I had been but a few days (since the 1st instant) with the company, and knew none of the men. When writing my report I directed the first sergeant to bring me the name of the man referred to, which he did as Add, and I have supposed him to be the man till yesterday, when Gannon informed me of my error, and I at once recognized him as the man I had noticed. Since then I have made further inquiries, and find from the statements of my non-commissioned officers and others that Add was behind another tree and did good service. Should a copy of my report have been forwarded to Headquarters of the Army before the receipt of this, I respectfully request that a copy of this note may also be forwarded, to be placed on file with it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Company H.

Lieutenant F. W. SEELEY,

Adjutant, Fort Pickens, Fla.

Numbers 8. Report of Captain Richard C. Duryea, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 10, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions, I have the honor to make the following report of the attack and repulse of the rebel troops yesterday morning:

A detachment of Company A, First Artillery, consisting of 30 men and 1 corporal, under Lieutenant Taylor, formed on the parade ground.

