
The main part of my company being at the guns on the ramparts, wa ordered by Major Vodges, without my being informed of the fact, to join Company E, Third Infantry, and proceed to the assistance of Colonel Wilson. As soon as I was informed of the detachment leaving I immediately left the fort and proceed to join it. On my way meeting Lieutenant Reese, who had been send with orders from Colonel Brown to the major, I received his orders and pushed on to communicate them. I arrived at the scene of action when the firing first commenced, and found the enemy drawn up between our command and myself and the fort. Making a short detour, I again came upon the enemy. The action had been sharp and of short duration, and at this time the enemy were retiring up the beach. I was then joined by Lieutenant Langdon, and picking up 8 or 10 men who had been cut off from the command, we followed the enemy to the first boat, the men firing upon them while embarking; it is of course impossible to say with what effect. Your column soon after coming up, I joined it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DURYEA,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Regiment Artillery.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Alexander N. Shipley, Third U. S. Infantry.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to state that, in obedience o orders, I left this fort at daybreak on the morning of the 9th instant with Company C, Third Infantry, consisting of 3 sergeants, 3 corporals, and 51 privates. Attached to my company were 4 privates of Company A, First Infantry, also 3 unassigned recruits, making a total of 64 enlisted men. We proceed up the island by way of Batteries Cameron and lincoln. At the latter battery I was joined by Captain Robertson, with a portion of his company (H, Second Artillery), from which point we marched as rapidly as possible to near a place known as the Four Mile Point, where we were halted, and ordered to open fire upon a small barge which had left our shore and distant probably 1,200 yards. My company fired two volleys at the barge. many of the shots must have taken effect. I saw the ricocheting of many of the balls on the water in front and close to the barge.

From this ;place I was ordered up the beach at a double-quick after a large body of rebels seen at a distance of at least 1 mile. On arrival near the place where they were seen I deployed my company, as directed, and moved rapidly up the island to a point opposite where the rebels had embarked. On seeing them I immediately ordered my company at double-quick in he direction of the steamers and scows. The latter were being towed by a large steamer and distant from the beach about 500 yards. I formed my men under sheller of the sand hills immediately on the beach and opened fire upon the rebels. An incessant fire was kept up for some twenty minutes, when the vessels got out of range of my guns and the firing ceased for a few minutes, when a small boat was seen off to our right and distant some 1,200 yards. I ordered my company to fire upon it. They fired two well-directed volleys. The firing

