
upon the rebels on leaving our shore was very effective, throwing them, in their crowded state, into great confusion. I was then ordered to proceed with my company to the fort, deploying them so as to scout the island from the south beach to near it scented. On my way down I found 2 dead bodies and 1 wounded man, all rebels. The dead bodies I had carried to the south beach (the dead were to be collected on that beach). The wounded man-Private Furguson, Seventh Alabama Regiment-was sent in a cart to the upper hospital. I also captured Lieutenant Farley, of the Florida volunteers, and 2 privated-viz, Moore, Seventh Alabama Regiment, and Goodley, of the Seventh Florida Regiment Volunteers-whom I brought into this fort and turned over to the guard.

It is perhaps unnecessary for me to testify to the good conduct and coolness of the non-commissioned officers and privated of my company, as well as those attached, as from the time of leaving the fort tot he time the firing ceased they were under your personal observation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. SHIPLEY,

First Lieutenant, Third Infantry, Commanding Company C.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First U. S. Artillery, Commanding Column.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Loomis L. Langdon, First U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 10, 1861.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to report my action in the engagement yesterday morning between the Federal troops and the rebels near the camp the Sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

About an hour before daybreak I was ordered by Colonel Brown to go up the island, find Colonel Wilson, and give him the order to follow the rebels, then believed to be retreating, and attack, and if, compelled to himself fall back, to do so slowly and in good order. After passing through a number of volunteers gathered at the fork of the two tramway about musket-shot from the fort (and whom I now understand to have been Wilson's command that I was searching for), I arrived at the commissary store, which was burning. The camp was in flames and the tents of four companies almost consumed. Two or three corpses lay in the camp, but the place was utterly deserted. I then hastened on to the hospital, where I found and got 8 of them from Dr. Sutherland to put out the fire in the commissary store-shed. Returning, I passed through the camp, and found about 6 volunteers with muskets, apparently guarding 2 officers' tents. I added them to my 8, and put them to work extinguishing the fire and saving the stores, which was soon done. I then crossed the island, still searching for Colonel Wilson, whom, it seems, I had passed before. I had a mounted man out also looking for him.

On arriving on the north side of the island I met Lieutenant Duryea, of the First Regiment Artillery, who was carrying orders from Colonel Brown to Major Vodges. We heard a smart firing about 200 yards up the beach, and supposing that the major and Captain Hildt were there engaged we hurried up, but soon finding a soldier who, when questioned, answered "Second Alabama," and ascertaining that the men in front

