
and very near us were enemies, we came back a little and mad ear detour to reach our friends, who had the enemy between them and the fort. Proceeding slowly, we saw the rebels slowly retreating from the sand hills and up the beach. We here gathered about 8 stragglers from the regulars, who were in advance, and with them we pushed on, and, deploying the men, soon fund ourselves before the enemy in force. They fired on us and commenced shoving off a small boat. We returned the fire on the boat, but, a large force preparing to cut us off, we came back slowly for about half a mile, where we met Major Arnold's command. Informing him to the position of the enemy and asking for orders, I was sent to the front the report and bring up a field piece.

Returning to the field, I overtook a battalion of volunteers acting as a reserve but at too great a distance to be of any service. I advised the officer in command to get closer to the advance, which he was sub-secondly doing when there was no occasion for his services, Lieutenant Jackson having brought him the order to move on, which was obeyed. Then I joined Lieutenant Jackson, who had gathered about 80 volunteers from Colonel Wilson's camp and including 2 or 3 regulars, the latter being taken from the guard. I assisted Lieutenant Jackson in deploying his men. He we got ahead of the reserve and were going on, when we met Major Arnold returning, the enemy's steamboats having taken the boats in tow, and, after suffering fire from Captain Robertson's immediate command, retreated tot he other side. The command was then rested and ordered into the fort.

Lieutenant Dureya and myself took prisoner a wounded marine officer and had him conveyed to the hospital. I sent 2 wounded rebels also to the hospital, and spent the rest of the forenoon collecting the dead and wounded and conveying them to the hospital and fort. It may be well to mention that so much time was lost in fitting harness to the mules for the field piece, that by the time it arrived within 2 miles of the place of embarkation the enemy were gone, the horses for the gun being in use for the officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOOMIS L. LANGDON,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, A. A. Q. M.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, U. S. Army.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., October 11, 1861.

MAJOR: In obedience to your directions, I have the honor to report that about 3.30 o'clock on the morning of he 9th of October, soon after the firing was heard at Camp Brown, I was sent by the colonel commanding to give some orders to Captain Robertson, commanding Batteries Lincoln and Cameron. On my return I met Major Vogdes and his command. The major requested me to take command of his advance guard, consisting of about 20 men, and to keep along the north beach about 15 rods in advance of the main body. With this request I complied, and marched quietly along the beach, keeping a sharp lookout in advance and on my right flank. After advancing about 1 1/2 miles from the fort I saw a squad of men in front of my party. I immediately

