
to the scene of action. About 300 yards in front of my command I fell in with and captured two of the rebels, who were guarding 3 men of Colonel Wilson's regiment, who had been made prisoners a short time before. I disarmed them, and sent them under quart to the fort. After proceeding a short distance I cam up with about 150 men of the New York regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Creighton. They were halted. I ordered him to advance at once to your support. He accordingly did so. I went in advance of him at the double-quick and soon came on the beach. I then saw that the rebels had taken to their boas. I heard heavy firing from our troops in advance of me on the beach, and saw a great many of the enemy fall on one of their large flat-boats. They, however, succeeded in getting off before I could get close enough to fire on them. I in a few minutes afterwards joined your command.

I am sorry to have to state that on my arrival at Colonel Wilson's camp I was greatly surprises to see so many men wandering around, some of them without arms (although there were plenty to be had), and to find in camp with them 3 or 4 officers, who did not even attempt to organize the men or move forward with them. A great many of the my arrival if they had had any person to organize and lead them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

Major, First Artillery, U. S. Army.

Numbers 13. Congratulatory orders from Major-General McClellan, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, A. G. O., Numbers 109. Washington, December 21, 1861.

The Commanding General has the satisfaction of announcing to the Army another instance of skill and good conduct on the part of the beleaguered garrison of Fort Pickens, harbor of Pensacola, under the command of Colonel Harvey Brown, Fifth Regiment U. S. Artillery.

On the night of October 9 an attempt was made by a large body of rebels to burn the camp of Wilson's Zouaves, spike the guns of the outer batteries, and take Fort Pickens by assault. The enemy were signally repulsed from Santa Rosa Island, with heavy loss on their side, after firing a few of our tents.

A subsequent attempt to make a lodgment on the island was defeated by well-delivered fire from one of our ships of war.

To put a stop to such aggressions a combined fire was opened upon the enemy's batteries from Fort Pickens and the ship of our squadron in pensacola Harbor, which was kept up throughout the 22nd and 23rd of November. On the first day Fort McRee and several guns in the other hostile batteries were silenced; and this was followed by the destruction, under our heavy cannonade, of nearly two-thirds of the towns of Warrington and Woosley, adjoining the navy-yard, and by very serious damage to the navy-yard and its buildings. Fortunately but little loss was sustained by us in mn or in the condition of our works.

It is with pride and gratification that the Commanding General finds

