
in the official report the most honorable mention of each and every officer, as well as of the enlisted men, engaged on these occasions.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Reports of Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding at Pensacola, with congratulatory orders.

BARRANCAS, October 9, 1861.

We chastised the enemy on Santa Rosa last night for his annoyances; drove him from his camps, burned his tents and many stores, spiked some of his guns, and retired in good order. Our loss was 30 or 40 killed and wounded. The enemy's supposed to be larger, as he was completely surprised. General Anderson commanded and was disabled. Can I retain General Ruggles a few days? It may be very important. Major Vogdes is our prisoner, with several others. Am I authorized to exchange?

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.
HDQRS. TROOPS OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Near Pensacola, Fla., October 10, 1861.

SIR: Satisfied from information received that the enemy contemplated opening fire upon us very soon, and desirous of avenging the annoyances he had recently caused my command, an expedition was projected against his outposts on Santa Rosa Island. It was executed on Tuesday night, by 1,000 men, under Brigadier General R. H. Anderson, in a very handsome manner. We attacked and drove in his pickets and outposts, routed a regiment of New York volunteers, Colonel Billy Wilson; burned the camp and stores in the vicinity, including a large quantity of stores and provisions; inflicted a loss of about 50 killed, including a number of officers, from the best information we can get; wounded a number unknown; made some 20 prisoners, Major I. Vogdes, First Artillery, with them, and retired within our lines.

Our loss is more severe than at first reported. The men became much exhausted from the long and fatiguing march through the deep sand of the island, and no doubt a considerable portion of the loss was from this cause. We might have easily defended ourselves against the troops on the island, but it was necessary to leave before the enemy's shipping should open and destroy our transportation, and our means would not enable us to keep them off. Thus far I hear of about 20 killed on our side, including 3 officers. Many of them have undoubtedly been massacred after being captured, from the appearance of their bodies which were delivered to us. The enemy also have about 40 of our party prisoners, several of them wounded.

The exact state of affairs will be communicated more in detail as soon as the reports of subordinates are received, when I will take occasion to do full justice to individuals for special acts of gallantry. Each State and corps represented in the army participated in the affair, and the gallantry and good conduct of the troops were conspicuous. Brigadier General

