
batteries, and no advance must be made beyond what is necessary to effect that object. It is unnecessary to assure you that a deviation from this injunction would at the present time harm us more than the advantage of destroying their batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Commanding at Beaufort, S. C.

HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY CORPS, Port Royal, S. C., January 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Brigadier-General Stevens of the affair at Port Royal Ferry on the 1st instant, and referred to in my communication of the 2nd. It having been reported to me that the enemy had erected batteries at Port Royal Ferry and at the landing opposite Seabrook, which reports of officers who had long been watching the progress of these works, that seven guns of heavy caliber had been mounted in the former and probably some in the latter, and which seemed to be still more strongly confirmed from the fact of large numbers of the enemy being habitually seen in that vicinity, the object of this movement was to storm these works by a small portion of our troops and bring away or destroy the cannon and other property. Hence my instructions to General Stevens, a copy of which has already been forwarded. In consequence of the presumed nature of the works and their armament, their position relative to the points of landing of the storming parties, I applied to Flag-Officer DuPont for a few gunboats to assist in the operation, which he cheerfully furnished, and placed under the command of Commander C. R. P. Rodgers.

The idea was to carry the works, of whatever nature they were found to be, by storm. In consequence of the difficulty of maneuvering gunboats in so narrow and tortuous a river as the Coosaw under the fire of forts, these boats, whilst covering the rear of our storming party, were to have remained in reserve until the works at the ferry were in possession of the stormers, and were then to close in from both directions and cover the works from the assaults of the enemy whilst the storming party were carrying off or destroying the artillery and other property.

This plan appears to have well carried out. Although we were somewhat disappointed in the amount of artillery found in the forts and the state of progress the Confederates had yet made with their batteries, the maneuver will be found from General Stevens' report to have met with complete success, and, still more, to have proved that our inexperienced troops will behave well in critical situations, to which they are very soon to be doubly exposed. The fine co-operation of the naval forces under that able indefatigable officer Commander C. R. P. Rodgers is deserving of all praise, and I am also happy to have the opportunity to add the important service and the zeal and intelligence of the signal officers connected with the expedition, as stated by General Stevens.

General Stevens, to whom the command of this expedition on the part of the land forces we intrusted, is too well known to the country for

