
I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of commanders of battalions and of Lieutenant Hallonquist for particulars concerning casualties, incidents, and individual instances of meritorious conduct. I inclose the report of Captain Brent, C. S. Navy, who was charged with the entire arrangements for the transportation of my command, under whose direction this important matter was very successfully managed.*

The report of Major Lovell, C. S. Army, chief of harbor police, and in command of the steamer Neaffie, is also submitted.* The members of my staff, Captain T. S. Mills, assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Hugh M. King, Fifth Regiment Georgia Volunteers; Lieuts. Calvin L. Sayre and Wilber Johnson, C. S. Marines, who volunteered their services and acted as my aides, rendered me active and efficient assistance throughout the whole of the operations. Captain Mills, who was with Colonel Anderson's battalion in its first encounter with the enemy, received a severe contusion in the chest from a partially-spent ball, but nevertheless continued energetically to perform his duties, and Lieutenant Sayre, while fearlessly using this revolver with effect, had his thigh bone shattered just above the right knee by a musket-ball, and, being left upon the ground, fell into the hands of the enemy. Captain Hugh M. King, in conveying orders and superintending the destruction o the camp, displayed commendable zeal and activity, and that ardor and intrepidity of Lieutenant Johnson, while deserving especial notice, give promise of this young officer's future success and distinction.

The officers of the medical staff rended to the wounded every service which under the circumstances was possible.

Colonels Anderson and Jackson pay graceful tribute to the memory of Captain Bradford and Lieutenant Nelms, of their regiments,to which I desire to add my respectful admiration for them and for every brave patriot who fell with them in defense of their country's liberties.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Major G. G. GARNER,

Asst. Adjt. General, C. A., Hdqrs. Army of Pensacola.

DECEMBER 3, 1861.-Occupation of Ship Island, Miss.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Benjamin F. Butler, of the departure of the expedition.

Numbers 2.-Major General Benjamin F. Butler, of the arrival of the expedition at Ship Island.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General J. W. Phelps, commanding.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Benjamin F. Butler of the departure of the expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW ENGLAND,Boston, December 2, 1861.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that the steamship Constitution sailed from Boston to Portland, in the State of Maine, upon Thursday, the 21st ultimo, with two regiments of infantry-the Ninth Connecticut and the

---------------

*None of these subordinate reports have been found.

---------------

