
water. The process of reclamation seems still to be going on with an activity as if it had but just begun, though the island is probably as old as the main-land. The animals seen are snakes, toads, birds, raccoons, pigs, and, it is said, alligators.

The New London, with four long 32s and one rifle, appears to be, under her present commander, a very effective, well managed craft. Since her arrival here, some fifteen days ago, she has captured over five prizes and given the enemy great annoyance. The enemy's gunboats are of light draught, and are armed with rifles, and it is folly in us to allow them such an unnecessary advantage. With such an advantage on our side we could make ourselves felt in this quarter in a way calculated to produce an effect.

December 7.-The land on this side of the lagoon has been examined by several persons, and it represented as better fitted for a camp than the part beyond the lagoon, being higher and drier, but the water is so shallow that a long what would have to be built, and even then the space would hardly be suitable for a camp of 5,000 men. Nor are the islands in the neighborhood apparently much better. I shall endeavor to make the most of our position for the public service.

2 o'clock p. m.-The Constitution has been completely discharged, and will sail before dark. While reprising this report, the De Soto and New London have been engaging the enemy's boats in the direction of New Orleans.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PHELPS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department New England, Boston, Mass.

NOVEMBER 22-23, 1861.-Bombardment of the Confederate lines about Pensacola, Fla.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Harvey Brown, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Department of Florida.

Numbers 2.-Major Lewis G. Arnold, First U. S. Artillery, commanding batteries.

Numbers 3.-Captain Richard C. Duryea, First U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 4.-Lieutenant Richard H. Jackson, First U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 5.-Captain James M. Robertson, Second U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 6.-Captain Harvey A. Allen, Second U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant A. C. M. Pennington, Second U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 8.-Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 9.-Captain Samuel F. Chalfin, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 10.-Captain Loomis L. Langdon, First U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 11.-Captain John McL. Hildt, Third U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant Alexander N. Shipley, Third U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 13.-Captain Matthew M. Blunt, Twelfth U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant Walter McFarland, U. S. Corps of Engineers.

Numbers 15.-Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Pensacola, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army.

