
his extensive official acquirements, his indomitable zeal and energy, to even attempt enlarging upon them here. The prompt and complete execution of his orders and its clever and happy result are all that need be mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL CARDERS, HEADQUARTERS E. C., Numbers 1. Hilton Head, S. C., January 7, 1862.

The general commanding desires to express his gratification at the good conduct exhibited by the troops under command of Brigadier-General Stevens when engaged on the 1st instant in capturing and destroying the enemy's batteries on the Coosaw River.

The conduct of this affairs confirms him in the conviction that our troops, when ordered to march ahead, will know no obstacle, and will promptly and in good order penetrate wherever ordered.

The thanks of the commanding general are specially due to Brigadier-General Stevens for the energy and good judgment evinced in the preparation and prosecution of this affair.

To Flag-Officer DuPont, commanding blockading squadron, and to Commander C. R. P. Rodgers, commanding the naval portion of this expedition, and the officers and men under his command, the thanks of the country and the Army are likewise due. The energy, alacrity, and efficiency which supported the land forces on this occasion, though nothing more than what could have been expected force that distinguished branch of the service, will ever be gratefully remembered.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sherman:

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain Fifteenth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE EXPED'Y CORPS, Beuarfort, S. C., January 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general, the complete success of the joint expedition of which the land forces were placed under my command, and the return of the several regiments to their respective encampments. The object of the joint expedition was to seize and destroy the enemy's batteries on the main opposite Port Royal Island, bring away the guns and other property, but not to engage the enemy except in the accomplishment of this object, and not to advance into the interior.

To effect it Commodore DuPont furnished five gunboats, under the command of Captain C. R. P. Rodgers, U. S. Navy, to operate with the land forces, which consisted of my own brigade and the Forty-seventh and Forty-eight New York Regiments of General Viele's brigade. The plan

