
larger than the first, broke out about one-fourth of a mile to the east of the first and was still raging at 2 o'clock a. m. the 24th. At 1 a. m. the 24th a third fire was started between the two first, but it burned only a short time. At 2 o'clock a. m. the 24th, by your order, I stopped firing. Whether the fires on the night of the 23rd and 24th were in the northern portion of the navy-yard or in the town of Woolsey I am unable to say, but from the size of the fires several large buildings must have been burned. During the night I had good opportunity of observing the falling of my shell, and found the practice admirable; every shell either burst just above or within one second after striking the ground, and scattered the pieces of port-fire in every direction. In many instances pieces of port-fire were seen to light on the roof of the buildings and burn as long as five seconds, but, the roofs being entirely of slate, it was impossible to ignite the buildings, unless when a shell, after passing through the roof, burst inside. The firing from my 42-pounder rifle on the 23rd was much more satisfactory than the pervious day. Fire shots were seen to strike the battery, but with what effect I am unable (owing to the great distance) to say. During the first day's firing many of the rebel shell burst near my battery and several splinters came inside. Several round shot and unexploded shell from the direction of Fort McRee, after passing over Pickens, came into the left of my battery, and passed down the whole line, but without doing the slightest damage.

During the second day only a few shell burst near me. After night on the 23rd no fire was returned from the rebels, except from the one-gun battery on the pier-head, and that only once an hour. This fire was apparently directed on Fort Pickens, but every shell burst far short. During the whole bombardment all the non-commissioned officers and men of my command (Company H, Second Artillery) and Captain Dobie's behaved in that cool, cheerful, and deliberate manner which makes it impossible for me to mention any one in particular. All deserve, and casualties or damage to my battery to report, either from carelessness on the part of my own men or from the fire of the rebels. I have made no mention of the operations of Battery Cameron except in the one instance, as Lieutenant Pennington was immediate charge, and will, I presume, make a special report.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain Second Art., Comd. Batteries Lincoln and Cameron.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Art., Commanding Batteries Fort Pickens and Santa Rosa Island.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Harvey A. Allen, Second U. S. Artillery.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the duties of Company K, Second Artillery, which I commanded during the bombardment on the 22nd and 23rd of the present month. Eight men were detached, 7 serving a mortary under Lieutenant Langdon, and 1 on the first day with Lieutenant Seeley's rifled gun at the old Spanish Fort. The columbiad in bastion

