
fell in their midst, but burst without injuring any one. The most exposed man was Private Arthur R. Kermer, of Company C, Third Infantry, quartermaster's clerk, who, assisted by Corporal Schonborn, of Company K, Second Artillery, remained on the parapet the whole of the second day recording the shots, and they both rendered good service. Corporal Mulvihill, of Company C, Third Infantry; Corporal Baby, Company L, First Artillery; Sergeant Magnitzky, Company C, Second Artillery, and Privates De Bleeckere and De Meyers, of Company A, First Artillery, I would mention for their care, attention, and coolness. The non-commissioned officers bore the fatigue without being relieve during the whole time, and deserve much credit.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

LOOMIS L. LANGDON,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, U. S. Army, Commanding Batteries.

Numbers 11. Report of Captain John McL. Hildt, Third U. S. Infantry.

FORT PICKENS, FLA., November 25, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report of the service of the guns under my charge on the 22nd and 23rd of November:

These guns, viz, one 10-inch columbiad en barbette, bastion B; one 42-pounder rifled gun en barbette, bastion D, and two 8-inch columbiads (one new and one old pattern) in casemate, curtain C D, opened fire about 9.30 on the morning of the 22nd. The rifled gun 8-inch columbiads wee directed exclusively at the light-house and adjacent batteries. The 10-inch columbiad, after firing a few shells at the steamer Time, was directed at Fort Barrancas, and so continued almost the entire time. The most accurate firing was made by and probably the best results obtained from the 10-inch columbiads. Many good shots were made, the shell exploding immediately over and near the barbette guns of Fort Barrancas. Any statement of results must, however, be mere speculation. I regret being obliged to report 6 men wounded, caused by a 10-inch shell entering the embrasure of the casemate battery. The shell knocked doff a considerable quantity of brick from each side of the embrasure, and wedged between the carriage and chassis of the 8-inch chambered columbiads, destroying the carriage. The shell, fortunately, did not explode, the wounds being inflicted by brick. My men, non-commissioned officers and privates, performed their appropriate duty cheerfully and well. Being the only officer with the company, and my batteries being widely separated, the duties devolving on First Sergt. David Grier were necessarily such as usually fall to a commissioned officer. He performed them intelligently, and the ability displayed by him on this and other occasions merits advancement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCL. HILDT,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding Company E.

Major LEWIS G. ARNOLD,

First Artillery, U. S. Army.

