
an occasional shell from the other side, directed against the navy-yard, and a reply from Van Benthuysen's battery. Near daylight it was discontinued by both parties. The attack was not resumed on the following morning, and the batteries have consequently remained silent.

Agreeably with instructions previously given the troops not needed at the batteries retired from the navy-yard and its vicinity at the commencement of the attack and took a position outside the north wall. To be prepared for anything the enemy might attempt, Colonel Adams, commanding the Louisiana infantry, was ordered to spot his regiment near the navy-yard. This order was executed with the utmost promptness, and the most commendable zeal was exhibited by the regiment, which remained on duty on the beach until near midnight.

The skill and enthusiastic spirit displayed by the officers and troops at the batteries is worthy of all praise, and I am happy to report that no casualty whatever occurred amongst the. While the troops withdrawn from the navy-yard were standing near the north wall, where they had been ordered to rendezvous, a shot penetrated the wall, and the fragments of brick wounded a soldier of Captain Cropp's company, of Florida Regiment Volunteers, and two of Captain Thom's company of Marines.

The batteries commanded by Captains Wheat, Bachelor, and Van Benthuysen were manned by the companies of these officers respectively. Lieutenant Mader's mortar battery was manned by a detachment from the Louisiana infantry.

A threonine was knocked off one of the 8-inch guns in Wheat's battery, and slight damage was done to the carriage of Bachelor's 42-pounder. One of the mortars in Lieutenant Mader's battery was cracked and rendered useless after the seventeenth discharge. These comprise all the injuries sustained by the batteries of the Second Brigade. Very little damage has been done to the navy-yard. About fifty of the buildings in Warrington and Woolsey have been burnt.

The reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Jaquess, Louisiana infantry, and Captain Van Benthuysen, C. S. Marine Corps, are herewith submitted.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, P. A., Commanding Second Brigade.

Major GEORGE G. GARNER, A. A. G., C. A.

JANUARY 1, 1862.-Bombardment of Forts McRee and Barrancas, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Harvey Brown, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Department of Florida.

Numbers 2.-Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Pensacola.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Harvey Brown, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Department of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, January 2, 1862.

GENERAL: Yesterday afternoon, about 3 o'clock, a steamer came to the wharf at the navy-yard within range of our guns. The enemy

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

