
I regret exceedingly to add that the concurrent testimony of many officers of rank represent Brigadier-General Anderson as so much intoxicated as to be entirely until for duty, and that his conduct was very reprehensible. It is being investigated, and I fear that an arrest and prosecution will be necessary. Holding juniors to a rigid accountability, I shall not overlook a similar offense in a commanding general under such aggravating circumstances.

Not the least cause of regret was the large and criminal waste of means so necessary for our defense, and which we cannot replace.

I must again urge on the Department my request for a second in command here who could be instructed with this army in my necessary absence. Mobile demands much of my time; indeed, the state of affairs there is alarming, but I am almost powerless for want of the proper officers for command. The material is here, but it cannot be used.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL C. S. ARMY, Richmond.

JANUARY 20, 1862.-Contest over the British schooner Andracita, on the coast of Alabama.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel W. L. Powell, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALABAMA AND WEST FLORIDA,Near Pensacola, Fla., February 1, 1862.

SIR: I inclose a copy of a report from Colonel Powell, Provisional Army, of a recent contest by a portion of his command with the enemy over a British schooner. The conduct of our troops was highly creditable, though they were unable to save the vessel from capture. Every facility has been extended to the British consul in prosecuting the case, and I hope he had succeeded, as he desired, in complicating affairs between the United States and Great Britain. A copy of an article from a Mobile paper, inclosed,* gives a very correct history of the vessel and her movements.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel W. L. Powell, C. S. Army.

CAMP BRAGG, January 21, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I avail myself of the boat from this point to-day to report that a sharp contest took place at the mouth of the lagoon yesterday

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

