
sloop, and probably have retaken the steamer, or at least burned her. The enemy fired on us with a long-range gun, carrying round balls, which passed over our heads at a distance of half a mile. They also sent a few shell after us, but no one was hurt on our side. The steamer then left the bay, and, after remaining some days, I returned with my command to camp.

Yours, obediently,

R. S. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Marianna Dragoons.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES, DEPT. E. AND M. FLA., Tallahassee, Fla., April 7, 1862.

Captain R. S. SMITH, Commanding Marianna Dragoons, Marianna, Fla.:

CAPTAIN: You will immediately proceed in the direction of Saint Andrew's Bay with your troops, and, if possible, recapture the steamer Florida, prevent all unnecessary communication with the enemy, and arrest any person which you may have found grounds to suspect of treason.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,W. S. DILWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding District.

APRIL 18-MAY 1, 1862.-Bombardment and capture of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, and occupation of New Orleans, La., by the Union forces.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, of co-operation 	 with the naval forces, and occupation, May 1, of the city of 	 New Orleans.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John W. Phelps, U. S. Army, of the occupation of

Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

Numbers 3.-Major General Mansfield Lovell, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Brigadier General Johnson K. Duncan, C. S. Army, of the bombardment and capture of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel Edward Higgins, C. S. Army, of the bombardment and capture of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

Numbers 6.-Captain M. T. Squires, Louisiana Artillery, of the bombardment 	 of Fort Saint Philip.

Numbers 7.-Brigadier General M. L. Smith, C. S. Army, of operations on the "Chalmette and McGehee Lines."

Numbers 8.-Proceedings of the Confederate Court of Inquiry upon the 	 	 fall of New Orleans.

Numbers 9.-Message from the President of the Confederate States, 	 	 transmitting correspondence with the Governor of Louisiana 	 and General Lovell.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, of co-operation with the naval forces, and occupation, May 1, of the city of New Orleans.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, April 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to my instructions I remained on the Mississippi River, with the troops named in my former

