
tect our rear and sweep the long reach of river above towards the quarantine. This would still insure her safety, as she would be under the guns of both forts. This is evident by a reference to the point (XX) on the diagram.*

In several personal interviews and by correspondence with Captain Mitchell, on this date (see attached documents N, O, P, Q, and R), I requested him during the morning of the 24th, while the mortar fleet was below, to place the Louisiana below the raft and dislodge it; and later in the day, when the mortar fire was nearly exhausted, to place her is the position (XX) above Fort Jackson, to assist in repelling an attack from the vessels above.

During the day she was in an unfit condition to assume either position, for the reasons given by Captain Mitchell in his letters to me.

The intoxicated volunteers referred to were none of my men, nor did they get their liquor at the forts, as there was none on hand there during the bombardment excepting the small supplies of hospital stores in the medical department.

April 25.-No attack attempted during the day by the enemy either from above or below. The gunboats from the quarantine above and from the point of woods below occasionally showed themselves for observation, but without firing.

During the day all the principal guns that would admit of it at both forts were prepared at once so as to traverse in a full circle and bear above or below, as necessity might require. Some of the 24-pounder barbette guns at Fort Jackson were also replaced by guns of heavier caliber to bear on the river above.

Permission was granted by the enemy to the Confederate States steamer MacRae to proceed to New Orleans under a flag of truce with the wounded. Availing ourselves of the offer of Captain Mitchell, the seriously wounded of both forts were sent on board of her. As it was late when the wounded were all gotten on board, the MacRae did not get off until the next morning.

Still failed during the day in getting Captain Mitchell to place the Louisiana in the bight above Fort Jackson, where she could act against the enemy from above.

One of the raft schooners was burned during the night to light the river, and all remained quiet.

April 26.-A gunboat, with a while flag, dropped down from the quarantine to escort the MacRae on her mission. The MacRae did not return again to the forts.

Four of the enemy's steamers were in sight at the quarantine at dawn. A gunboat occasionally showed herself below the reconnoiter.

In the direction of Bird Island, and back of the salt-works, a large steam frigate and an ordinary river steamer appeared in sight, the latter working her way up the bay behind Fort Saint Philip, apparently towards the quarantine.

During the day Captain Mitchell communicated with the enemy above under a flag of truce, and learned that the city had surrendered, and that the Confederate States steam ram Mississippi had been burned by our authorities. The wreck of the floating dock or battery drifted by the forts about 4 p. m.

The Louisiana was not placed in the position required of her during the day, Captain Mitchell promising to put her there the next day, the 27th. Another raft schooner burned for light, and all quiet during the night. No shots exchanged during the day.

April 27.-At daylight the steamer which had been observed the day

---------------

*See p. 546.

---------------

