
Louisiana were discharged at random as she floated down, and the boat finally blew up near Fort Saint Philip, scattering its fragments everywhere within and around the fort, killing 1 of our men and wounding 3 or 4 others.

Captain McIntosh, C. S. Navy, who had been severely wounded in the discharge of his duty on the night of the enemy's passage, and who was then lying in a tent at that fort, was nearly killed also.

As far as I could learn, however, the Louisiana was fired prior to the time that the enemy's boats with white flags came to an anchor abreast of the forts to negotiate. She was fired in her first and original position without a change of any kind since her arrival at the forts.

The terms of the capitulation are attached hereto as document W; in addition to which Commander Porter verbally agreed not to haul down the Confederate flag or hoist the Federal until the officers should get away from the forts.

The officers of Fort Jackson and the Saint Mary's Cannoneers left about 4 p. m. for the city, on board of the United States gunboat Kennebec, and arrived on the morning of the 29th in New Orleans. The officers of Fort Saint Philip, were sent up the next day, and all the men subsequently within a few days, as transportation could be furnished, excepting the men who revolted on the night of the 27th, many of whom enlisted with the enemy.

Upon my arrival in the city I found that the enemy's vessels were lying off the town, and that no flag, excepting that of the State of Louisiana, on the city hall, was visible upon the shore. I also learned that Flag-Officer Farragut had directed it to be hauled down and the United States flag hoisted in its stead, upon the penalty of shelling the city within forty-eight hours if the demand was not complied with, and that he had warned the city authorities to remove the women and children within the time specified. I therefore deemed it my duty to call at once upon the mayor at the city hall and inform him of the fate of the forts below, which I did accordingly.

Learning there from one of his aides that the major-general commanding the department was still in the city, I called upon him in person and verbally reported the main incidents of the bombardment, the passage of the enemy, and the capitulation of the forts.

I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Lieutenant Colonel E. Higgins, Twenty-second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, commanding Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, as well as the several reports of Captain M. T. Squires, Louisiana Artillery, senior officer in charge of Fort Saint Philip, and those of the different company and battery commanders, together with the surgeons' reports of the killed and wounded.

The report of Colonel Szymanski, commanding the Chalmette Regiment at the quarantine, has not been received by me, so that I am unable to report upon his operations.

I fully indorse the just praise bestowed in the inclosed reports upon all the officers at both forts, and warmly return them my thanks. They all distinguished themselves by cool courage, skill, and patriotism throughout the entire bombardment, and by the patient fortitude with which they bore the several trying ordeals of water, fire, and the energetic duty of the enemy's protracted and continuous fire.

I must also bear testimony to the cheerful courage and prompt and willing obedience with which the men performed their duties throughout the bombardment and up to the sad night when they took the rash and disgraceful step of rising against their officers, breaking through all discipline, and leading to such disastrous and fatal consequences. I

