
[Inclosure E.]

CONFEDERATE STATES STEAMER LOUISIANA, Near Fort Jackson, La., April 23, 1862.

GENERAL: On the receipt last night of your second communication of yesterday's date, asking me to place this vessel under the fire of the enemy, I consulted the commanding officers of the Confederate States naval vessels present on the subject, and herewith annex a copy of their opinion, sustaining my own views on the subject.

I feel the importance of affording relief to your command as soon as possible; but, general, at the same time I feel, and I believe that I know, the importance to the safety of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip and the city of New Orleans of having this vessel in proper condition before seeking an encounter with the enemy. If he seeks one or attempts the passage of the forts before this vessel is ready I shall meet him, however unprepared I may be.

We have an additional force of mechanics from the city this morning, and I hope that by to-morrow night the motive power of the Louisiana will be ready, and that in the mean time her battery will be in place and other preparations will be completed so as to enable her to act against the enemy. When ready you will be immediately advised.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. K. MITCHELL,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Lower Mississippi.

General JOHNSON K. DUNCAN,

Commanding Coast Defenses, Fort Jackson, La.

CONFEDERATE STATES STEAMER LOUISIANA, Near Fort Jackson, La., April 22, 1862.

Two communications having this day been received from Brigadier-General Duncan (herewith attached, marked Nos. 1 and 3, and also the answer of Commander J. K. Mitchell, Numbers 1, marked Numbers 2), requesting that the Louisiana be placed in position below the raft in the river, near Fort Jackson, a consultation was held by Commander J. K. Mitchell with Commander McIntosh and Lieutenants Commanding Huger and Warley, who fully sustained the views of Commander Mitchell, as expressed in his reply (marked Numbers 2), declining to comply with the request of Brigadier-General Duncan.

C. F. McINTOSH,

Commander, C. S. Navy.

T. B. HUGER,

Lieutenant Commanding.

A. F. WARLEY,

Lieutenant Commanding.

Lieutenant GEORGE S. SHRYOCK, C. S. NAVY,

Aide to Commanding Officer.

[Inclosure F.]

CONFEDERATE STATES STEAMER LOUISIANA, Fort Jackson, La., April 22, 1862.

GENERAL: Your two notes of this date have been received. A fire has been ordered to be built below Saint Philip, as you requested, except that it will be on the beach, and a raft will be kept ready to fire and turned adrift, as you requested, near Fort Jackson, in the event of the apprehended attack being made by the enemy to-night. I shall also

