
[Inclosure H.]

FORT JACKSON, LA., April 23, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I am of the opinion that the mortar practice of the enemy against Fort Jackson must be nearly exhausted, and that there is every indication that the enemy, as the next plan of attack, is about to move his large vessels to the point of woods and open upon us with his broad-sides. One of the large vessels has already been brought up and placed in position. Should the above prove to be the case, it is imperatively and absolutely necessary that the batteries of the Louisiana should be brought into action at all hazards, as well as those of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip.

A proper position for the Louisiana would be on the Fort Saint Philip side, a short distance below the raft and close to the shore, which will give us three direct and cross fires upon the point of attack.

Earnestly calling your attention to this subject, as you can see from your position the movements of the enemy, and can consequently know when to act, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. DUNCAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Coast Defenses.

Captain J. K. MITCHELL,

Commanding Naval Forces Lower Mississippi River.

[Inclosure I.]

CONFEDERATE STATES STEAMER LOUISIANA, Near Fort Jackson, La., April 23, 1862.

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your letter of this date, in which you express your belief that the enemy is about to change his place of attack and open the broadside of his larger ships on the forts, and in which you make certain suggestions as to the position to be taken by this ship.

By reference to a letter of mine to you of yesterday's date, and of Numbers 1 of this date, you will be apprised of the condition of this ship. Should an attack be made, as anticipated, I shall be governed by circumstances and do all I can against the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. K. MITCHELL,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Lower Mississippi.

Brigadier General JOHNSON K. DUNCAN,

Commanding Coast Defenses, Fort Jackson, La.

[Inclosure J.]

CONFEDERATE STATES STEAMER LOUISIANA, Off Fort Jackson, La., April 23, 1862.

SIR: I inclose herewith a copy of a communication received on the 21st instant from Captain Stephenson, from which you will perceive that, notwithstanding General Lovell's order to him, this letter so qualifies my authority as to relieve me from all responsibility as to the movements of the vessels of the river fleet under his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. K. MITCHELL,

Commanding C. S. Forces Lower Mississippi.

Brigadier General JOHNSON K. DUNCAN,

Commanding Coast Defenses, Fort Jackson, La.

