
My adjutant, Lieutenant C. N. Morse, was indefatigable in the discharge of his important duties, which required his constant presence near my person, and has my sincere thanks.

Surg. Somerville Burke, C. S. Army, and Dr. Bradbury, who kindly volunteered his services when he became aware of the attack on the forts, were unremitting in their attention to the wounded, fearlessly exposing themselves at all times in the discharge of their duties.

Lieutenant Charles Wermes, ordnance officer, distinguished himself by the most self-sacrificing attention to arduous and important duties. Day and night he was at his post, and by his great exertions our magazine was saved from being flooded, the water having risen considerably above the floor.

Lieutenants Mann and Royster, of Captain Ryan's company, rendered fearless and efficient service. Captain Ryan was, with a detachment of his company, on board the Louisiana during a portion of the bombardment and in the fight of Thursday morning. At all times his services were most promptly rendered.

Mr. James Ward rendered me the most important services during the bombardment. In charge of the firemen, he made almost superhuman exertions during the burning of the citadel. He has my warmest gratitude.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HIGGINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, C. S. Army,

Commanding Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, La.

Lieutenant WILLIAM M. BRIDGES,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Dept. Numbers 1, New Orleans, La.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of April 27 a formal demand for a surrender of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip was made by Commander David D. Porter, commanding United States mortar fleet.

The terms which were offered were of the most liberal nature; but so strong was I in the belief that we could resist successfully any attack which could be made upon us, either by land or water, that the terms were at once refused.

Our fort was still strong; our damage had been to some extent repaired; our men had behaved well, and all was hope and confidence with the officers, when suddenly at midnight I was aroused by the report that the garrison had revolted, had seized the guard, and were spiking the guns. Word was sent us through the sergeants of companies that the men would fight no longer. The company officers were immediately dispatched to their commands, but were driven back. Officers were fired upon when they appeared in sight upon the parapet. Signals were exchanged by the mutineers with Fort Saint Philip. The mutiny was complete, and a general massacre of the officers and a disgraceful surrender of the fort appeared inevitable.

By great exertions we succeeded, with your influence, in preventing this disgraceful blot upon our country, and were fortunate in keeping the passions of the men in check until we could effect an honorable surrender of the forts, which was done by us jointly on the morning of the 28th instant.

As the facts and documents relating to this matter are in your pos-

