
The company of Confederate recruits, under Lieutenants Dixon and Blow, were detailed to report to Captain Mitchell, C. S. Navy, for duty on board the Louisiana, as per instructions dated Headquarters Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, April 21, 1862, where they remained until the evening of the 24th instant.

Captain Lartigue's company did good service as scouts and sharpshooters, many of them being out both night and day, and some of them being out at all times. On the night of the 23rd seven of them were sent to ascertain the movements of the enemy, and all returned without accomplishing anything. Two other scouts, one from Company K and the other from Company F, were out on the same mission, and had it not been for the failure of the rocker, which by an accident became wet, would have signaled their approach much sooner. As it was, the only intimation I received was the firing of one of their muskets.

The following is the number of projectiles used, &amp;c.:

8-inch solid shot......................................... 675

8-inch shells............................................. 171

13-inch shells from columbiad battery, &c., in main work.. 13

10-inch mortar shells from lower mortar battery........... 142

Shot, shell, and grape from lower water battery........... 470

Shot, grape, and canister from upper water battery........ 120

Captain R. C. Bond, assisted by First Lieuts. Carleton Hunt and William C. Ellis, and his company (K); Captain J. H. Lamon, with the assistance of First Lieutenant H. W. Fowler, with his company (C), inthe lower battery, manning the 42 and 32 pounders respectively; Liets. Lewis B. Taylor and W. B. Jones, with Company F, at the columbiad battery, and Lieutenant A. J. Quigley, with supernumeraries of Company F, taken from the main work to man the guns of the upper battery, behaved with gallantry, energy, coolness,and bravery worthy of imitation; and all, both officers and men, deserve the highest praise that could be given to any one for the honorable part they performed during the whole tumescence the commencement of this trying conflict.

Captain Charles Assenheimer's company (B) did their best, both his officers and men.

Individual acts of heroism are numerous, but where al did sos well it would appear invidious to mention names. Suffice it to say that were everything tot be done again, or anything else required to be performed, one could ask no other privilege than to have the same men to do it, feeling satisfied it would be as well carried out as possible.

The injury to the fort was slight. Of the guns, one banded 7-inch rifle was burst by the explosion of a shell in its bore near the muzzle, and one 24-pounder gun was broken in two, about 14 inches in front of the trunnions, by being struck by a solid shot. An 8-inch columbiad was dismounted, but only temporarily useless, the gun being uninjured and soon remounted. The platform of one 24-pounder gun was undermined by a shell, but was not rendered entirely useless. One of the uprights of a 42-pounder gun-carriage was partially shot away, but can still be of service.

With many thanks to all officers and men for their assistance and efficient aid, and humbly bowing before the will of Almighty God, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. SQUIRES,

Captain Louisiana Artillery.

Lieutenant CHARLES N. MORSE,

Post Adjutant, Fort Jackson, La.

