
The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

It was ordered by the court that the examination of Major General Mansfield Lovell as a witness be suspended, so that the testimony of S. L. James, an important witness, now en route to Europe, might be taken.

S. L. JAMES, was then duly sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you an officer in the C. S. Army, under the command of General Mansfield Lovell, at the time of the evacuation of New Orleans? If yea, how long had you been under his command and what position did you hold?

Answer. I was in New Orleans at that time and in the service, but only as a volunteer side to General Lovell, with the nominal rank

of major. My services as such began April 24, 1862, the day before the evacuation.

Question. State what orders you received from General Lovell; what services were rendered by you in obedience to those orders, and the circumstances attendant upon their execution.

Answer. On the afternoon of April 24 General Lovell ordered me to detain all the steamboats at the landing until they could be loaded with Government stores. I gave notice of this at once to the captains and owners of these steamboats. During the day there were large quantities of Government stores placed upon these boats by the ordnance officers, but during the excitement of the evacuation some of the engineers. and pilots deserted their posts and left the boats at the mercy of the enemy or the people. Those that were loaded went up the river, leaving some nine or ten at the levee. During that evening General Lovell, to gratify the people, ordered me to call for 1,000 men to man the boats for a hand-to-hand fight with the enemy's vessels, although General Lovell said it was impracticable

The citizens promised to have the men ready the next morning at 9 o

clock. I was authorized to take the boats that were left and make such arrangements as I thought necessary to carry out them plan. I published this order (with an appeal of my own to the people) in all the city papers. In the means while I sent down cotton bales to protect the boats, and molasses barrels to put in their hulls to keep them afloat in the event they were penetrated by shot. I called upon General Lewis and other militia officers to assist me in carrying out this chem, which they failed to do, and I only received in response to the call 140 men, without arms, under Captain Dupiere.

Hearing that the enemy's vessels were at Camp Chalmette, about 5 miles below the city, I sent an officer to the landing, who ascertained that the citizens had burned a number of the boats and the owners of the others had gone off with them. I them ordered these 140 men to proceed to the Jackson Railroad depot to go to Camp Moore, and I then went to Camp Moore.

The morning of my arrival at Camp Moore General Lovell ordered me to return to New Orleans, and take with me Major Bell, Captain Venalbe, and Mr. Caul Rives, and remove what Government property their e was inthe city, stating that the railroad authorities would give me every facility for its removal. I went to New Orleans the same day in special train, and hired drawn, wagons, &amp;c., to remove the Government property to the depot, whence it was removed out of the city by the railroad authorities. There were many citizens who assisted me and pointed out private property which would be of use to the Government, which was also removed. I obtained funds from the Committee of Public Safety to pay for drayage and other charges incident to the removal. i also used the mayor's office.

After delivering at the depot all the Government property I could find, I ordered the military property of the State to be seized and removed. after that I removed such supplies as were in the hands of contractors for the Government. We also moved two batteries belonging to the State, tow guns of which had been spiked. We were engaged four days and night in removing from the city property available for military purposes. Some 18 or 20 mounted men were sent over to the city to get such military supplies as might have been taken by citizens. There was, however, but little found in this way.

I requested the mayor to give me an order upon General Paul Judge for the arm sin the hand of the Foreign Brigade. This he would not do, but gave me a request for them to the general, which was refused. All the property available for military uses

