
cause there were naval officers of age and experience present who were as well or better able than myself to decide as to what steps should be taken with regard to the property instructed to their charge. I did, however, make arrangements, as already stated, to remove the property under my control in case of disaster at the lower forts.

Question. Give the names of the officers commanding the exterior lines of defense in your department and the names of the officers upon your staff. State also their rank and specific duties.

Answer. The whole exterior line was under the command of Brigadier General J. K. Duncan (now dead), Colonel Fuller commanding, under him, the works on Lakes Pontchartrain and Borgne. Major Clinch commanded at Fort Pike; Captain Capers at Fort Macomb; Captain Robertson at Battery Bienvenue; Captain Playnier at Tower Dupre; Captain Patton at Proctorsville works; Colonel Higgins at Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, latter being under the immediate command of Captain Squires; Colonel Heard at Fort Livingston and Little Temple. The works on Bayou La Fourche and Grand Caillou were under the command of two captains named Marks. Major Fry commanded at Forts Berwick and Chene, and Captain Davis commanded at Calcasieu Pass, where I had placed two guns, which fort I omitted to state previously in my testimony. General Duncan's headquarters were at Fort Jackson.

My staff was composed as follows: Majors Pickett and Palfrey, assistant adjutants-general; Lieutenant J. G. Devereux, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major Pickett disbursed recruiting funds for the army generally; Major M. L. Smith was my engineer and ordnance officer for several months, and acted also as the agent of the Ordnance Department at Richmond, purchasing supplies for the Army at large; Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Lovell relieved him subsequently as ordnance officer, and, in addition, was charred by me with the general supervision of the preparations of the river-defense fleet; Major W. L. Larice, my chief commissary, acted also as the general agent of the commissary Department; Major Winnemore was the chief quartermaster was the general agent of the department at Richmond for the supplied pertaining to his office, which devolved an immense additional labor upon him; Surgeon Hayden was the medical director, and Surg. Howard Smith and general medical purveyor. My aides were First. Lieuts. J. Lovell and A. J. Toutant, besides whom I had several volunteer aides.

Question. Who informed you that the iron-clads be finished by the January rise of the river?

Answer. One of the Messrs. Tift. Shortly after I assumed command.

Question. What were the names of the contractors building the iron-clad steamers, and who was the principal naval constructor?

Answer. Mr. Pearce was the principal naval constructor, as I was informed. I do not know the names of the contractors.

Question. Who were the Navy officers who regretted that they had not sufficient means at their disposal to assist you in hastening the completion of the iron-clad steamers?

Answer. Commodore Hollins, Commander Whittle, and Captain Mitchell often spoke of the insufficiency of the means under their control.

The court adjourned to meet at 10 a. m. to-morrow, the 17th instant.

APRIL 17, 1863-10 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

Examination of Major General M. LOVELL continued.

By a MEMBER OF THE COURT:

Question. Did you at any time order all non-combatants, women, and children to leave the city of New Orleans?

Answer. I did not.

