
bacon, and some corn being seized and carried off from the town by the populace-men, women, and children; black and white-and all without restraint; on the contrary, with the encouragement of a man on horseback, dressed in confederate uniform. This same man on horseback ordered a pile of corn to be burned. I personally remonstrated, telling him it was corn, the bread the people required. he repeated his order, and the corn was burned. I saw private individuals trying to save the sugar, &amp;c., from the depredations of the populace, claiming some of it as their own, but they were disregarded.

Cross-examination by Major-General LOVELL:

Question. What was the quality of the iron offered by Messrs. Leeds & Co., Bennett & surges, and other for casting heavy guns when you made inquiries on the subject, and what amount had they on hand that was fit for that purpose?

Answer. The best opinion I can offer as to the quality of that used by Bennett & Surges is that it was good, as a gun made by them had been tested by the military authorities and approved. Messrs. Bujac & Bennett had a large amount of Tennessee iron, part of which they tendered to us to be used by other foundries, so as to expedite the making of heavy guns in the event of such shops getting out of iron. I know nothing more as to the quantity and quality of iron to be used in making heavy guns.

Question. How many such lathes and furnaces had Bennett & Surges, and what time is necessary to cast and bore an 8-inch columbiad?

Answer. They had no lathes completed, but one was nearly done for boring large guns. I do not know that they had more than one furnace. A lathe in the machineship of the Jackson and Great Northern Railroad and another in the Shakespeare founder, through the exertions of the committee, were placed at their disposal. I am a novice in such matters, but should think that thirteen days would be sufficient to cast and bore such a gun-five days and nights.

Question. Do you know whether the committee advised and consulted with General Lovell on the subject of engaging Bennett & Surges in making heavy guns?

Answer. I cannot say whether they did or not. Bennett & Surges said that they would not make a heavy gun under the direction of a military officer.

question. Did Bennett & Surges inform the officers engaged in the removal of property that they had some unfinished guns?

Answer. I cannot say.

Question. Do you know whether any attempts were made to carry away heavy guns, and why those attempts did not succeed?

Answer. I do not?

Question. Were Bennett & Surges largely engaged in making other war material for the Government?

Answer. They were.

Question. Are you aware that the piling at Fort Pike was carried away on April 9?

Answer. I never heard.

By the COURT:

Question. Did the Committee of Safety delegate any person to represent to the Confederate Government at Richmond the condition of the defenses of New Orleans? If so, state the name of the person sent, with the date, what representations he was instructed to make, and what action, if any, was taken by the Government or any Department thereof in consequence of such representations.

Answer. About six weeks before the fall of the city the committee sent Mr. William Henderson to Richmond, to represent to the President and other authorities their conviction that the city was insecure and the deplorable condition of naval affairs, the want of credit from which that department suffered, and its extraordinary indebted-

37 R R-VOL VI

