
ston in relation to the preparation of the covered way for guns, and what time did the work occupy?

Answer. He directed the gallery to be pumped out and prepared for two flank howitzers, which were mounted. This took the garrison two or three weeks, but the water continued to flood the gallery.

Question. What was the general caliber of guns mounted at the various forts when General Lovell took charge of the department?

Answer. The general armament of Forts Pike and Macomb was 24-pounders; of Forts Jackson and Saint Philip 24 and 32 pounders, the majority, I think, being 24-pounders, together with seven 8-inch columbiads; Battery Bienvenue and Tower Dupre had 24-pounders; Fort Livingston had 24-pounders and a rifled 32-pounder.

The court adjourned to meet at 10 a. m. to-morrow.

APRIL 23, 1863-10 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

Examination of Major General M. L. SMITH continue.

Cross-examined by Major-General LOVELL:

Question. Did you make any attempt to have heavy guns made by Leeds &amp; Co.; and if so, with what success? Was their foundery employed to its full capacity by the Government, without intermission, in other work?

Answer. About June, 1861, Leeds & co. cast an 8-inch columbiad for a private party in New Orleans. This fact becoming known, I was directed by the Ordnance Bureau to test it with a specified charge and continue the firing until it burst, the object being to ascertain the quality of the metal used. The charge was the ordinary service charge-single shot. This was done by laying the gun upon a piece of timber in the ordinary way. It burst at the sixty-third or sixty-fifth round. In proofs of this kind metal is unhesitatingly condemned that will not stand from 800 to 1,000 discharges. It is considered inferior if not standing over 1,200; fair when standing from 1,800 to 2,000, and excellent when beyond this last number of discharges. I reported against that firm as being unable at that time to cast guns of that caliber. The firm subsequently conceded that without changing their furnace they could not cast heavy guns. My report was fully indorsed, I believe, by the Ordnance Bureau. I think that foundery, during my entire stay in New Orleans, had about all it could do making light guns, casting shot, shell, &c., for the Confederate Government; but about the time of the evacuation they were putting up reverberator furnaces.

Question. Why were not arrangements made with Bennett & Surges and Bujac & Bennett to cast heavy guns in New Orleans?

Answer. Bujac & Bennett were erecting works with a view of making small-arms, and would not take contracts for making heavy guns until near the time the city was evacuated. Bennett & Surges were fully employed by the Navy. These, I thin, were the only foundries of any capacity in the city.

Question. Was any foundery and rifle factory set on foot in New Orleans subsequent to the arrival of General Lovell and used entirely for Government work? If so, whose was it, and did it furnish any heavy ordnance?

Answer. Subsequent to General Lovell's arrival Wolfe & Co. had undertaken the manufacture of heavy ordnance exclusively for the Government, as fares as I know. There was in connection with this foundery a rifle factory, manufacturing exclusively for the Government. At the time of the evacuation they had made two mortars and were making other heavy guns.

Question. What was the condition of the interior line of works at the time of the evacuation as to guns, magazines, hot-shot furnaces, imple-

