
Question. Did you see and have conversation with General Lovell after the enemy's fleet had passed Forts Saint Philip and Jackson?

Answer. I saw him on the afternoon of April 24, 1862, the evacuation being on the 25th.

By a MEMBER OF THE COURT:

Question. Were you at any time delayed or embarrassed in the discharge of your duties as engineer and ordnance officer by the want of funds?

Answer. As ordnance officer I was embarrassed for want of funds, but not materially delayed, because I borrowed money of the state of Louisiana. I made no requisition for money to expend on obstructions already alluded to, the expenses being borne by the State of Louisiana. Subsequent to General Lovell's arrival I did receive funds from the Government on requisitions, which were applied to obstructions and defense of the river; the amount received was, I think, $25,000.

Major HENRY A. CLINCH was then sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you in command of Forts Pike and Macomb at the time General Lovell assumed command of New Orleans? If so, state their condition at that time.

Answer. On January 19, 1861, I was ordered to the command of Fort Pike, and a few days thereafter I took possession of Fort Macomb also and garrisoned it. The armament and general condition of these works were nearly similar. They each mounted some thirty smooth bore 24-pounders en barbette and casemate, together with nine 24-pounder howitzers in flank defenses. For several yards these forts had been under charge only of military storekeepers, and their general condition was far from go. I at once made every effort to place them in fighting order, but owing, doubtless, to the then deranged condition of our Ordnance Bureau the work progressed slowly. Major-General Lovell assumed command of the department in October of that year. At that time I had received from Ship Island one 9-inch Dahlgren and one 8-inch shell gun. These were in position, but required several fixtures and appurtenances for their proper working. The garrison consisted of two companies, A and I, First Artillery. I at one urgently requested General Lovell as well for heavier guns as a general outfit for the fort. These, I think,w ere supplied to me as fast as possible. He sent me two rifled 32-pounder and four 42-pounders, together with a 10-inch sea-coast mortar. The carriages and chassis were replaced by new ones; new cisterns sent down and the old ones repaired, and a full supply of ammunition o all kinds and implements supplied. The garrison was also re-enforced by three companies, making five in all-all large companies. Such was the condition of Fort Pike on the date of its evacuation in April, 1862.

Question. If you know, state what, if any, work was done in obstructing the Rigolets and the bayous in the vicinity of Fort Pike after October, 1861.

Answer. The Rigolets at Fort Pike was 3,750 feet wide and ranging in depth from 15 to 50 feet. In February, 1862, General Lovell determined to throw a raft as an obstruction across the pass, and charged me with the general superintendence of the work. It was extremely difficult to obtain logs of sufficient size and buoyancy for our purpose. These were obtained at a heavy cost and from long distances. One or two steamers were placed at my disposal by General Lovell, and the work went on night and day. When nearly ready to be laid across the channel, it was ascertained that a sufficiency of chains and anchors could not be had to secure it in its destined position. About this time several members of the safety Committee, as it was called, came down, took sounding, and proposed to secure the raft by driving heavy piling, on either side. A few days after they returned with all necessary apparatus for piling, and with orders from General Lovell for me to furnish them all he assistance in my power-an order very cheerfully, and to a large extent, obeyed by me. After a month's work, and only a very few days after the raft had been got into position, there came on a heavy blow of wind. One or two steamers and schooners lying above the raft dragged anchor and lodged against the structure. The consequence was that by next morning the whole affair was a wreck, and at least one-half of the piling broken off and washed away. I at once reported to General Lovell. He promised assistance, and we were in a fair way to renew the experiment, when further labor was rendered futile

