
Jackson and Saint Philip and what amount turned over to the enemy; what the number of the garrisons, and the amount of provisions on hand?

Answer. About 70,000 pounds of powder; I think about 30,000 remained in our magazines when we left the fort. The were about 1,100 men in the two forts. Provisions for sixty days were on hand at the time of the passing up of the Federal fleet.

Question. Did you supply the artillerists to serve the guns on the steamer Louisiana? If so, how many?

Answer. Yes; about 150 picked men, under Captain Ryan and Lieutenant Dixon.

Question. Were the defenses strengthened by sand bags, &amp;c., previous to and during the bombardment, and at what time and under what circumstances were the last heavy guns mounted?

Answer. Yes; very considerably by sand bags and cotton bales. The last heavy guns were mounted a few days before the bombardment by the Northern fleet and under fire from the gunboats.

Question. Was it possible to place sharpshooters on the bank of the river near the enemy's fleet to endeavor to dislodge them?

Answer. We placed sharpshooters in the swamp below, but they could not exist there on account of the high stage of water. The river at this time was so high that the parade ground of the fort was covered with water, and we had 9 inches of water in the casemates. Traverses were built around the magazine doors, and an engine and a large detail of men with buckets were kept constantly at work day and night during the bombardment to keep the water out of the magazines.

Captain EDWARD HOBART was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. What business were you engaged in at New Orleans while General Lovell was in command of Department Numbers 1?

Answer. Mercantile profession. We also furnished captain for the erection of the Louisiana powder-mills.

Question. What assistance, if any, did you receive from General Lovell in getting into operation in powder-mills near New Orleans?

Answer. General Lovell rendered important aid in enlarging and hastening the erection of the mills, ordering the foundries to give the necessary work precedence. He also, through means at his disposal, afforded material aid to complete the re-erection after the first explosion. By his direction the mills, originally located at Handsborough, Miss., were removed to New Orleans, the former location being deemed insecure. He also rendered valuable assistance in supplying the mills with materials.

Question. Was the machinery of these mills removed at the time of the surrender? If so, how was that effected and what has become of the mills?

Answer. The machinery of the powder-mills was entirely removed after the passage of the enemy's ships by the forts. It was taken by steamer to Vicksburg, and subsequently located at Selma, Ala., where it has been since in operation when material could be obtained. The boat was furnished by General Lovell.

Question. What was the daily capacity of your mills when completed?

Answer. Five thousand pounds of powder in twenty-four hours. The mills were never pushed to their capacity for want of material.

Captain J. BRIEN was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE ADVOCATE:

Question. What position did you hold in New Orleans at the time of the evacuation in April, 1862?

Answer. I held the position of assistant ordnance officer and had charge of the main magazine, and was charged by Major General M. Lovel with the proof of all powder manufactured and imported at New Orleans.

