
Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD FRY was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. What position did you occupy in October, 1861, when General Lovell took command of Department Numbers 1?

Answer. I was assistant adjutant-general at Camp Moore, the camp of organization and instruction in Louisiana.

Question. What was the condition of the troops at Camp Moore at that time as to numbers, arms, equipments, and ammunition? Were they subsequently put in complete order, and what became of them?

Answer. The Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, averaging 900 men each, were organized at Camp Moore, rather poorly armed and equipped,and transferred to the Confederate States service during October, November, and December, 1861. They were not supplied with ammunition when transferred. I know nothing, of my own knowledge, in regard to these troops after they were transferred to the Confederate States service.

Question. Were you stationed, at the time of the evacuation of New Orleans, at Forts Berwick and Chene? If yea, what was the condition of those works when abandoned?

Answer. I was in command of both forts. The works were in fair condition.

Question. What property was brought away and what disposition was made of the remainder?

Answer. About 5,000 pounds of powder, over 12,000 rounds of musket cartridges, all of the infantry arms and accouterments, and fully two months' supply of commissary stores for about 160 men. All this property was turned over to the proper officers at Camp Moore, La. The remainder-the heavy guns, carriages, chassis, &amp;c.-was destroyed or rendered unfit for service in obedience to orders form General Duncan.

Major W. H. DEVEREUX was then duly sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. What position did you hold at the time General Lovell took command of Department Numbers 1 and from that date to the evacuation of New Orleans?

Answer. I held the position of chief of staff to Major-General Twiggs at the time General Lovell arrived to take command of Department Numbers 1,a nd continued in that capacity under Major-General Lovell until his own staff was organized, when, being ranked by Major Palfrey, I performed the duties of acting assistant adjutant-general in immediate and confidential connection with Major-General Lovell.

Question. What was the general condition of the department as to its defenses, as shown by the official reports, when General Lovell took command?

Answer. The general condition of the defenses of the department when General Lovell assumed command was not one of strength commensurate with the interests to be protected, nor yet hopelessly inadequate to encounter the force of the enemy then in the Gulf. The armament of the forts on the exterior line was light in caliber and insufficient in the number of guns; some of the gun-carriages were reported weak; implements were wanting, and the ammunition was inferior and very scarce. The interior line of defense for the immediate protection of the city of New Orleans was well advanced, but not completed. For this interior line a number of guns, perhaps 125, were arriving from Richmond, but unaccompanied by any equipment; these guns were also of light caliber. They had been secured by General Twiggs, and their equipment ordered to be prepared before the arrival of Major-General Lovell.

Question. Were you present at interviews between General Lovell and members of the Safety Committee? If so, state substantially what passed at these interview.

Answer. I was present at many interviews between General Lovell and members of the Committee of Public Safety, and affirm, as the substance of their conversations,

