
the ferry at a moment's notice. Shortly after the gunboats on both sides approached and began to throw shells into the fort. As soon as the gunboats began to approach the enemy withdrew one or two field pieces and hastily sent them up northward, and also attempted to remove a heavy siege gun; but they seemed to encounter some difficulty, and they abandoned it with much precipitation on the bursting of a shell from the Ottawa, which fell in close proximity.

I now observed your skirmishers of the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment approaching carefully along the coast about a mile eastward of the fort, and judging that a rapid concentration of the forces was your aim, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong to advance the first detachment, Company M, Captain Campbell, to the ferry, to be followed by Company D, Captain Hamilton, and Company K, Captain Van Gorder, under charge of Major Leckey, and I attended to getting off the boats as rapidly as possible to meet them. Through the efficient aid of Coxswain Connor, whom I take this opportunity of recommending to your favorable notice, the boats were at the ferry at the proper moment, and Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong immediately embarked and crossed over with his detachment, and on reaching the fort he found it entirely abandoned by the enemy, and took possession of it, and sent Captain Campbell with a portion of his command to make a reconnaissance to the northward. Captain Campbell soon came upon the enemy in retreat, and received their fire without any damage, and returned it without knowing with what effect. The enemy, about 50 in number, continued to retreat, and a detachment of Captain Campbell's company, while deploying in the order of skirmishers to the right, came upon about 40 of the enemy guarding the approach to a hospital. The enemy fired upon Captain Campbell's men without effect, and on their returning the fire two of the enemy fell, as I afterwards learned, mortally wounded, and died instantly. Before this I had arrived with the rest of my command, and a portion of the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment had also arrived, and in a short time you also arrived with your entire force, and the day was won.

I am happy in being able to report favorably of my command, and also to recommend to your favor Lieutenant Marshall, in command of Company K, of the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment, for the time being attached to my command. His intimate knowledge of the locality and ready co-operation deserve, as they have received, my warmest thanks, which I very respectfully submit.

Your most obedient servant,

DANIEL LEASURE,

Colonel Roundhead Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade E. C.

No. 11. Reports of Lieutenant William S. Cogswell, Fifth Connecticut Infantry, signal officer.

BEAUFORT, S. C., January 3, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your instructions, received on the 31st instant, I reported to Captain Rodgers, on board the Ottawa, for signal service. Communication was first opened with your command on the

