
mount of public stores shipped - light artillery, shot and shell from the arsenal; a great quantity of clothing, shoes, and blankets belonging to the State of Louisiana; medical stores, commissary stores, some machinery; leather and harness belonging to a Government contract; many new wagons and other articles of camp equipage; in fact, everything that could be found by the indefatigable search of Major James, who seemed to be well acquainted with the city and citizens. Lieutenant McDonald, of the Engineers, whom we found in the city, was engaged on the same duty. I sent drays down to Chalmette to bring away camp equipage, said to be left there by the troops, but found none. I made efforts to have the ammunition removed from Proctorsville, but failed, on account of the short time and some misunderstanding of orders by the sergeants in charge. We met with much difficulty in procuring labor, on account of the confusion and excitement of the people. This will account for the want of success in the removal of the guns on the fortifications (as this required a peculiar kind of transportation) and guns for shipping. Several guns and two mortars were carried to the depot, but I do not think they were shipped.

On Wednesday, the 30th instant, General Lovell, who was in the city at the time ordered Lieutenant McDonald and myself to remain still longer, and urged especially the removal of the guns. We found it impossible to procure the necessary transportation and labor for this purpose, but found other stores of the Commissary Department, which had been overlooked, and succeeded in shipping some by the railroad and the rest by a schooner to Manchac. Many citizens aided us in our efforts, among them Mr. Bell, civil engineer, especially in bringing guns to the depot.

On Thursday or Friday I returned to Camp Moore, the transports of the enemy having reached the city. The confusion was great and there was an increasing timidity on the part of the citizens to act with us. I signed many receipts for goods delivered at the depot, made contracts, and offered rewards for the delivery of guns at Manchac, by order of Major-General Lovell, as the necessity of the occasion demanded. The stores saved were large in amount and value, and, so far as my information went, constituted by far the greater proportion of those which were in the city.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What was General Lovell's demeanor during the evacuation when you were with him? Did he seem confused and overwhelmed with the work before him or was he cool and collected?

Answer. I saw him with his staff riding to and from in the streets at that time giving orders; he seemed on the occasions that I met him cool and collected. He gave me orders upon my application, and they were given in a clear and satisfactory manner.

(The judge-advocate here stated to the court that he had been summoned to appear to-day as a witness before a court-material, and that the only witnesses, as far as was then advised, remaining to be examined were not likely to arrive in the city for several days; thereupon the court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. the 8th instant.)

RICHMOND, VA., June 8, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

The Proceedings of the 4th instant were read over.

PETER W. WOODLIEF. a citizen, was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL:

Question. What business were you engaged in prior to and at the time of the evacuation of New Orleans, in April, 1862?

Answer. I was a contractor with the Government for the furnishing of all sorts of military supplies.

Questions. What amount of the property in your possession, available for military purposes, was brought out of the city and turned over to the Government agents?

Answer. I delivered to the Government agents for removal myself from New Orleans at that time about $100,000 worth of such property, consisting of

