
Question. State in general terms your opinion, as ordnance officer, of the adequacy of the means at your disposal for purposes of co-operation with the land forces in the defense of New Orleans.

Answer. We had everything we needed except powder. The guns were at Jackson, Miss., on their way to New Orleans. The carriages had been made in the city, under my direction, and were ready for use. We had to get our powder from General Lovell, as we would not complete in the market with the Army.

It was ordered by the court that the judge-advocate prepare interrogations to be propounded to A. D. Kelley, summoned as a witness before this court, but unable to appear on account of his health, and that he give notice of the taking of such deposition to Major-General Lovell.

The court then adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow, the 17th instant.

RICHMOND, VA., June 17, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court, the judge-advocate, and Major General Mansfield Lovell.

The proceedings of yesterday were read over.

JOSEPH STINSON, a citizen, was next sworn and examined as a witness.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you in New Orleans from October, 1861, to May, 1862/

If so, state your occupation during that time.

Answer. I was during that time keeping a hotel.

Question. State all you may know, of your own knowledge, concerning the evacuation of New Orleans. Was there much property of the Government lost that might have been saved with ordinary efforts?

And, if you know, state what sort of property it was.

Answer. A few tents were left on Lafayette Square; the bells sent by the planters to make cannon were also left, and some heavy cannon with gun-carriages were left which fell into the hands of the enemy.

Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge, that any property of the Government was left at Camp Lewis when our troops evacuated the city?

Answer. Only from hearsay.

Question. Did you see General Lovell during the evacuation? If so, state whether or not he was cool and self-possessed.

Answer. I saw him the day after the fleet passed the forts. I did not see him again. I went to see him about removing Government property, which I understood was left at camp Lewis. Some one had told him that I had reported he had run away. He told me that he would cut the throat of any man who said so. His manner was excited then, and he passed right on. I do not know where he went to. This is all I know of my own knowledge. I have spoken of other things on various occasions, but spoken from rumor.

Question. State, if you know, the feeling of the citizens of New Orleans when the forts were passed. Was it for resistance or for a surrender?

Answer. I am under the impression that a majority were for resistance. The best of the French held our very well. The Germans took no active part either way.

Question. What were your opportunities for forming an opinion as to the feeling of the citizens? Did you know of any meetings that were held counseling resistance? If so, were you present?

Answer. My opinion was formed from mixing with the people. I heard of such a meeting, but it fell through. I was not at it.

