
not bring away. We lost the tools and machinery of the machine shop. Afterwards, on or about April 29, I received a schooner laden with steel and iron. At Madisonville the Yankee sentinel permitted her to pass through the canal for $20. On Thursday morning, April 24, 1862, at 11 o'clock, Major Smith sent for me, and told me the fleet had passed the forts, and to save what I could. I asked him to put it down in writing, which he did; the paper I have not here with me. It was to the effect that, by the wish and consent of the general commanding, Cooke &amp; Brother were requested to remove their machinery from New Orleans. After setting the men to work I sought for General of Colonel Lovell to get an order for a steamboats; the order was received from Colonel Lovell the same day. In obedience to it I took and used the steamer Newsboy, but ad to pay $2,600 for freightage. On the morning of the 25th, not finding the enemy at the city, and not being able to find any one to give me an order for another steamer, I wrote one myself and signed General Lovell's to it, per my own name, which I subsequently reported to General Lovell at Camp Moore. That boat left the wharf about 12 o'clock that day. While at Camp Moore General Movell gave me another order to the effect that steamboat men and railroad agents should give every facility for removing the machinery throughout the country after we had brought it from New Orleans. This order was given on April 28.

Question. When you applied to Colonel Lovell for an order for the steamboat had you any difficulty in obtaining it, and did you then consider one steamboat sufficient for the removal of your machinery?

Answer. I only asked for one steamer. At first Colonel Lovell told me he could not give me an order, but upon my telling him that I had taken down my machinery in obedience to orders, he gave me an order.

Question. After getting the order did you have difficulty on obtaining and using the steamboats? If yea, state what those difficulty were.

Answer. I got the steamboat without trouble, but there was one on board but the captain. I had to furnish the crew, engineers, and pilot. There was a general stampede among all the steamboat-men, as far as came under my observation.

Question. After the bombardment commenced why did you not take earlier measures for the removal of your stock and machinery from the city?

Answer. Because Major Smith had promised me forty-eight hours' notice of the time when the removal should be made. Messrs. Leeds & Co. has applied with me for permission to remove our shops some six weeks before the city fell. Major Smith, whom we saw, said he would see General Lovell. After leaving me in his office a short time, he returned and said that the removal of our establishment would create too much excitement, but said he would give us forty-eight hours' notice, the time in which I told him i could remove my works, &c.

Question. State all you may know touching the testing of a heavy gun made by Leeds & Co.

Answer. The gun was an 8-inch columbiad, and when tested it was placed on the levee at the end of the shell road, at an elevation of from 15 to 20 degrees, the breach placed against heavy piling fastened by strong horizontal timber, thus depriviting it of ---*; it burst, I think, about the seventy-sixth charge. I do not remember the name of the officer who was superintending the test; he was a Frenchman, belonging to an artillery company from the city. I was present at intervals during the day when the gun was tested.

Question. State all you know concerning the evacuation of New Orleans.

Answer. There seemed to be a decided panic in the city. i was only enabled to obtain wagons and teams to remove my machinery ny seizure made by Deputy Provost-Marshall McCann, who with such force as i could furnish was engaged all of Thursday in seizing teams. While removing the machinery, I delivery to Major Smith, on his order, 200 rifles, retaining 200 for the use of my hands. There were several steamboats at the levee when I went to procure one, but they had been deserted by the crew and all the officers but the captains. Of three of these boats one fell into the hands of the enemy, another was was burned, and the third went up the Ouachita River. As I was leaving on the boat on friday evening, April 25, we were hailed by some Irishwoman at the Marine Hospital, with guns in their hands; we stopped and

---------------

* The blank is in the original.

---------------

