
near the whole of the next day (April 26), with the only exception of the moments that I was conveying his orders. And again I must say he gave the orders of the evacuation with the same coolness, determination, and precision that characterized his demeanor during the whole time. When it was found that the fortifications at Chalmette could not check the enemy's fleet, orders were immediately given by him to the different commands to proceed to the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, where the cars were held in readiness to remove them from the city in case of need. Due notice was also given to the boats remaining in the river and employed in removing Government property, he himself leaving the city in the last train. General Lovell subsequently returned to the city on the 28th, but I did not accompany him.

Major-General LOVELL was ten recalled and examined.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. In your testimony you speak of many deficiencies in department Numbers 1 in which are not mentioned in your correspondence with the War Department. Why were you silent as to these points?

Answer. I did not particularize all the deficiencies in my letters to the War department because before I assumed command, and while in Richmond, I learned from conversations with the Secretary of War and heads of bureaus, in substance, that, as the department all the kinds of material required for war purposes many deficiencies, not only in the materials, nut in the mechanical means and appliances for erecting them; and I was informed that my predecessor had made persistent appeals for things which as yet the Department had no means of furnishing, which was a source of some annoyance, and I stated that I should make the most of the means at my disposal, without bothering the Department about deficiencies in which I knew they could not help me. When, therefore, I ascertained these deficiencies I set to work as rapidly as possible to supply them, and was in a fair way to make my department self-sustaining when New Orleans fell, both as to guns, powder, munitions of war, and supplies of all kinds.

By the COURT:

Question. Was not the impression created upon the pubic mind that you had at New Orleans shortly before its fall a force of 20,000 or 25,000 men? If so, state, if you can, by whom it was created and for what purpose.

Answer. In February, 1862, Governor Moore and his major-general of militia, Lewis, proposed a grand turn-out of all the militia in the city, saying that they could parade about 25,000 men, and asked my opinion as to the policy of such a display. I asked how many of them could be furnished with arms of any description, even pistols and sabers, to which they replied about 5,000 or 6,000. I then objected strongly to parading 18,000 or 20,000 men without a weapon as an uncalled-for display of weakness. they replied that the papers, in giving an account of it, need not speak of their arms and equipment, but would mention their numbers. I said we would only deceive our own people, as the enemy had, without a doubt, spies among us, who would give him correct information. A parade was, nevertheless, made of 25,000 or 26,000 men, and the adjutant-general of Louisiana, at my request, furnished me a return of all those in any manner armed, who numbered about 6,000 men. This was before the troops were sent to Beauregard. the next morning all the papers gave glowing accounts of the magnificent parade of 25,000 men that occurred on the day previous. Thus was doubtless the origin of the impression. Had I had 25,000 additional infantry I should have still evacuate the city, as numbers would only have added to the slaughter. They could have inflicted no damage to gunboats anchored off the city, while they themselves would have been within point-blank range.

General Lovell then submitted to the court the following copies of later from the official letter-book and telegram-book of department Numbers 1, already in evidence, viz: A letter from Colonel Georges, Chief of ordnance, on the subject of establishing a laboratory at New Orleans, and disapproving the same; appended as document Numbers 26. A letter to Gov. T. O. Moore, suggesting the seizure and fitting up of two ocean steamers for the defense of New Orleans; appended as document Numbers 27. A letter to Gov. T. O. Moore, calling for militia to the number of 10,000 men for defense; appended as document Numbers 28. Two letters from General R. E. Lee, relative to the evacuation of New Orleans by

