
General Lovell and his occupation of Vicksburg; appended as documents Nos. 29 and 30. A telegram and his reply to Governor Pettus, of Mississippi, relative to sending heavy guns to Vicksburg; appended as document Numbers 31. A letter of General Randolph, Secretary of War, omitted in the printed correspondence relative to New Orleans; appended as document Numbers 32.

The said letters and telegrams were admitted by the judge-advocate to be copies and were read to the court.

The disposition of W. L. LANIER was then read to the court.

By Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. What position did you hold in New Orleans at and for some months prior to its evacuation, in April, 1862?

Answer. I was post commissary.

Question. Did you, under orders of General Lovell, make an examination and estimate, a short time before the evacuation, of the amount of provisions in the city at that time available for the support of the population? If so, please state how many days' provisions were on hand at the time of the evacuation.

Answer. I was ordered by General Lovell to ascertain, as near as possible, the amount of provisions in the city not belonging to the Government for the support of the population. I did so, and reported supplies for from sixteen to twenty days' subsistence.

Question. Was the great bulk of the commissary stores in your charge saved at the time if the evacuation? Did any amount thereof that was fit for issue fall into the hands of the enemy? Were any such destroyed?

Answer. It was. No stores fit for issue fell into the hands of the enemy, as all sound at Fort Jackson, the day previous to the evacuation, were turned over to the Committee of safety, for sale to the citizens, proceeds of which to be placed to the credit of the Government, except fifty hogsheads of sugar, which had been sent to the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad depot some days before the evacuation, for shipment to Summit, Miss., where General Lovell had ordered me to establish a depot for stores some time previous. This sugar, on the evening of the evacuation, as I learn, was either destroyed or taken by the mob from said depot.

Cross-examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were any preparations made by you, under orders of General Lovell, for supplying the people of New Orleans with provisions in the event of a siege?

Answer. None that I remember.

Question. Were you present during the evacuation of New Orleans? If so, state the manner in which it was conducted; and if you saw General Lovell during that period state whether or not he was self-possessed and seemingly equal to the emergency.

Answer. I was in the city until about 2 o'clock of the day of the evacuation. I did not see General Lovell more than once during the day, and then only a very short time. He seemed to be a good deal excited.

The court adjourned to meet at 12 m. the 24th instant.

RICHMOND, VA., June 24, 1863 - 12 m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court and the judge-advocate.

The enable the judge-advocate to prepare a summary of the evidence the court adjourned until 11 a. m. the 28th instant.

