
RICHMOND, VA., June 28, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court and judge-advocate.

The evidence adduced in this investigation was then read over to the court by the judge-advocate.

The court adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

RICHMOND, VA., June 29, 1863 - 11 a. m.

The court deliberated upon the evidence in this case.

The court received notice from the Adjutant-General (General S. Cooper) to continue in session until the deposition of A. D. Kelley arrived.

The court then adjourned to meet at 11 a. m. July 9, 1863.

RICHMOND, VA., July 9, 1863 - 11 a. m.

the court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, all the members of the court and the judge-advocate.

The disposition of A. D. Kelley is hereto appended, and marked document A.*

The court, having maturely considered the evidenced adduced, submits the following report of facts and opinion thereon. (Report of the following furnished Secretary of State October 17, 1863:)

REPORT OF FACTS.

department Numbers 1 is intersected by numerous streams, which in high water afford ten or twelve different approaches to New Orleans, and render its defense difficult without a strong naval force. When General lovell assumed command of the department, on October 18, 1861, but little had been done in constructing the land defenses of New Orleans. Two lines of entrenchments had been laid off, but were wholly incomplete, without platforms, guns, magazines, ammunition, and all necessary implements and equipments. Forts Jackson, Saint Philip, Pike, Macomb, and Livingston were in great need of repair, the two first named in better condition than the others, but all of them deficient in armament, requiring an increase in the number and caliber of their guns. There was also needed at these works ammunition and all the implements necessary to the use of heavy guns. The keels of two iron-clad gunboats had been recently laid. Under the direction of General Lovell the forts mentioned were strengthened and the number and caliber of guns composing their armament increased. An exterior line passing through the forts, with earth works to defend the various water approaches, and an interior line, embracing New Orleans and Algiuers, designed chiefly to repel attacks by land, were pressed to completion. The best guns that could be had were mounted upon these lines, magazines constructed, and ammunition and all the necessary implements supplied. In a word, everything was done that could be to render them first works of their kind. The various water approaches were obstructed by piling, &amp;c., and launches prepared and pout in service to protect several of them from navigation by the enemy.

An immense raft was constructed in December, 1861, to serve as an obstruction in the Mississippi River between Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, but owing to the strong current of that river in its highest stages and the great accumulation of drift it was swept away in latter part

---------------

* Founds as document Numbers 2.

---------------

