
or otherwise, with General Lovell touching the defenses of New Orleans; if yea, state the substance of such conversations, when they occurred, and in whose presence.

Question. State all you may know, of your own knowledge, touching the defense, fall, and evacuation of New Orleans.

Cross-examination by Major General M. LOVELL:

Question. Were the conversations between yourself and General Lovell official or casual private conversations? If both, state what information you derived from official and what you inferred from private conversations.

(I object to the third question asked by the judge-advocate, asking for conversations other than official between General Lovells and Mr. A. D. Kelley, as a member of the Safety Committee. A general officer in command of a department os frequently asked officious questions by very respectable citizens in relation to public affairs, to which be may give inaccurate or incorrect replies, either as a matter of policy or to avoid making known matters which he wishes kept secret. Such answers, if spread upon the record as testimony, might unjustly produce a prejudicial effect. I claim that the witness should first establish the fact of the existence of such relations between himself and the commanding general as to entitle him to his confidence, and not give casual conversations as testimony bearing upon his official conduct of affairs.

M. LOVEEL.)

The answer of A. D. Kelley to the interrogations propounded to him by L R. Page, major, &amp;c., and judge-advocate, in the case of Major General M. Lovell, on trial in Richmond, and which interrogations were forwarded in a letter dated June 17, 1863.

1st question. Where were you residing from October, 1861, to May, 1862, and what was your occupation during that time?

Answer. I resided in New Orleans from october 1, 1861, to April, 1862. My occupation was that of commission merchant, though during that time was much and earnestly engaged or occupied in all efforts or aid that I could give for the protection of New Orleans.

2nd question. State whether or not you were a member of the safety Committee of New Orleans; and, if yea, what duties where devolved upon you as much.

Answer. I was a member of the safety Committee of New Orleans, which committee was recognized by the citizens and the city authorities. the duties of said committee were to confer with the military, naval, and city authorities in all matters in relation to the defense of the city, and to tender and appropriate and money from the city that might be needed in promoting the safety and defense of New Orleans.

3rd question. State whether or not you have had conversations, official or otherwise, with General Lovell concerning the defense of New Orleans; if yea, state the substance of such conversations, when they occurred, and in whose presence.

4th question. State all that you may know, of your own knowledge, touching the defense, fall, and evacuation of New Orleans.

Answer to 3rd and 4th questions. By direction of the Safety Committee, I, with Dr. G. W. Campbell and two other members, whose names I do not recollect now, were appointed and instructed by the Safety Committee to confer with the military and naval authorities about the defenses, and to tender all financial aid that might be required, We conferred with General Lovell; tendered to him all needful financial aid, and asked many questions about his plans of defense in certain places; los about his

