
abandoned them at Columbus. I intend hereafter to hold on to what I have until I feel perfectly secure. If you can put me in the way of getting any large guns, chains, or anchors, I beg you will do so. In a few days we hope to be able to cast 10-inch columbiads and sea-coats mortars.

In haste, yours, truly,

M. LOVELL.

[Document Numbers 16.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., March 8, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Jackson, Tenn.:

DEAR GENERAL: The current and drift have finally, got the upper hand of my raft between Saint Philip and Jackson. This, taken in connection with the facts that Captain Hollins has taken up the river every vessel that mounts a gun, and that General Polk declined to ship me the chains and anchors at Columbus, which would have saved my raft, compels a new disposition as to the fourteen vessels of Montgomery's expedition. They will not be ready under ten days, but I will send up eight of them, with circles laid for one 32-pounder each, provided you can supply the guns up there. I cannot, under the circumstances, send a gun out of this department. The remaining six vessels I will have to keep here until I ascertain whether I shall be able to fix an obstruction in the river at Fort Jackson. Their fleet in the Gulf is much more formidable than that above, and the river is now open to them if they pass the lower forts. You will therefore see the necessity of my retaining every gun and a portion of the vessels until I can bar the river again. I should have to dismount guns from my works to put on these ships, and under the circumstances above set forth you will be able to do that with as little risk as I can. I can send no more ammunition up with men, as we have no caps. Calls are made upon this department from all parts of the Confederacy, but nothing is sent here in the way of materials to make up, and no facilities are given except what I take in opposition to the wishes of heads of bureaus.

Yours, truly,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Document Numbers 17.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1,New Orleans, La., March 9, 1862.

Major General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Jackson, Tenn.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received your dispatch this afternoon, asking me to send up all the small-arm ammunition that I could manufacture. This I have already done. The department has been literally stripped of everything - men, arms, guns, and munitions of war - so much so, that evil-disposed persons do not hesitate to say that I am placing New Orleans in such a condition as to make it an easy to the enemy. More than 1,000,000 cartridges have been forwarded in the past few weeks, nearly ten regiments, well armed and equipped, and four batteries of artillery. I have directly literally nothing more to send, and must cast about to place myself in condition to defend this important position in case the enemy (informed of our situation) should return to attack. I have called upon the governor of the State for the militia, who are coming

