
The gallantry, good conduct, and services rendered by First Lieutenant William S. Cogswell, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, and First Lieutenant Henry S. Tafft, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting signal officers, having been of a character which has elicited the official approbation and mention of the officers commanding both the land and the naval forces, I desire to bring their names to the especial notice of the general commanding the Army.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer, Major, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. FLAG-SHIP WABASH,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., January 3, 1862.

SIR: * * * Lieutenant Cogswell, a signal officer of the Army, was directed to report to me for duty, and furnished me with the means of constantly communicating with General Stevens with a facility and rapidity unknown to the naval service. I take this opportunity of recommending that the code of signals invented by Major Myer be at once introduced into the Navy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. P. RODGERS,

Commander.

Flag-Officer S. F. DUPONT,

Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE E. C.,Beaufort, S. C., January 3, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I desire to express my great confidence in your code of signals from my actual experience on the field of battle, and to call your attention to the great skill and merit of the signal officers of my command, Lieutenant Tafft and Lieutenant Cogswell. In my official report of the affair at Port Royal Ferr on New Year's Day I have stated that the signaling was a perfect success. It was indeed an extraordinary success. So far as I am advised, this is the first time it has been tested in actual battle.

It affords me the greater satisfaction to be able to give this testimonial from the circumstances that I had faith in your code from the beginning, as you will well remember, and let my humble name in favor of your appointment to your present position.

Truly, your friend,

ISAAC I. STEVENS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer of the Army, Washington City.

5 R R-VOL VI

