
damaged Marine Hospital destroyed, and several store-houses in the navy-yard were burned.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Vols., Dept. of the South.
HDQRS. WESTERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Pensacola, Fla., May 15, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, with a portion of my command (1,000 strong), I took military possession of Pensacola on the 12th instant.

The march from Fort Barrancas was uninterrupted, excerting that the vedettes of some rebel cavalry that were hovering around the city fired two shots at my advanced guard. i had the troops formed in square around the flag-staff in the center of the plaza, and raised the flag of the United States amid the cheers of the soldiers, mingled with those of many citizens.

I take pleasure in adding that the United States Schoener M. A. Wood, Anthony Chase master (U. S. Navy), commanding, was the first vessel that had the honor to run into the harbor of Pensacola since the attack on Sumter. He with his officers and crew participated with much spirit in reeving new halyards on the flag-staff and in raising the flag.

Captain David D. Porter, U. S. Navy, ordered the sloop-of-war Vincennes from Mobile Bay to Pensacola. She arrived off the city a short time after I had entered it with my command, where she now lies.

The citizens seem orderly and quiet, and the acting mayor, Brosenham, zealous and apparently loyal. I have had posted up at different points of the city the inclosed circular,* which I considered necessary and proper to promulgate for the information off all good and loyal citizens.

A stronger force is very necessary here to guard the city and my new line from Pensacola to Fort McRee, a distance of 10 miles. A regiment of cavalry should be order here immediately for scouting and picket service, and to capture or drive to their homes the irregular cavalry in this vicinity, and to enable me to carry on other important military operations that I have in view. I have neither horses, mules, nor transportation of any kind for this new business; scarcely sufficient mules and carts for the wants of Fort Pickens, whereby depot of supplies is established. My small force in its new position-very different from that on Santa Rosa Island, within sticking distance of Mobile and Pollard, which place I understand they are fortifying and occupy in force might invite an attack; all of which makes it important that re-enforcements should beset here immediately.

The steam propeller General Meigs has just arrived for service in this district, which facilitates very much keeping up communications with Forts Barrancas and Pickets and my depot of supplies on Santa Rosa Island.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

