
have failed and refused to take the oath of allegiance to the United States will be removed from Key West. This will also apply to their families and the families of those who have left the island to join the Confederate States.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, September 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Yesterday morning nine men, being the crew of one of the enemy's guard boats, deserted to this post, bringing their boat and arms. They belonged to a rebel company of marines. I have closely questioned them and obtained valuable information.

The same morning two citizens arrived here. They have been contractors for supplying saw-mills with logs, and have staid in the country, vainly hoping to get money due on their contract. They have been living the last eighteen weeks at or near Milton, 30 miles up the bay. They represent there being many Union men in this country, but the expression of Union sentiments to be dangerous. I shall send all North by the first opportunity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

NEW YORK, October 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: At the recent cutting out and destruction of the Judah, at Pensacola, by boats from the Colorado, it is noticed that, although the boats were fired at and a considerable force rushed forward to beat fort could at any have destroyed the Judah.

A large gang of mechanics are now reported finishing the steam frigate Fulton for launching at Pensacola as a war vessel, within reach of the guns from the fort, of by the aid of those guns capable of being reached by our boats and seamen.

Colonel Brown refers to old orders to act at the fort strictly on the defensive. I beg to call your attention to this point, in order that you may see if there is not some oversight or miscarriage or chance of circumstances requiring a correction of the apparent inconsistency of the Navy acting offensively and the fort defensively on the same ground and at the same time, so that they cannot in a common object. Whether Colonel Brown already has sufficient by his orders to use his discretion, or whether he needs some prompting to insure cooperation with the naval officers-often a difficult thing between Army and Navy-or whether any other officer would be better at that place, we of course leave wholly to the Government. But we are here deeply interested that no effort of either Army or Navy be omitted to prevent privates or steamships from being or fitted out to prey upon our

