
Abstract from return of the Department of Florida, Colonel Harvey Brown, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding, for month of December, 1861.

Present for duty.

Stations.	 Troops.	 Officer	 Men.	 Aggreg

 	 s.	 	 ate

 	 	 	 presen

 	 	 	 t.

Santa Rosa

Island:

Fort Pickens	 Detachments 1st and	 19 	 568	 704

 2nd Artillery and

 3rd Infantry.

Camp Lincoln	 6th New York	 13	 228	 474

 Infantry

Camp Seward	 75th New York	 32	 711	 829

 Infantry

Fort	 Detachments 1st	 10	 307	 347

Jefferson	 Artillery and 6th

 New York Infantry

Fort Taylor 	 Detachment 1st	 6	 209	 261

 Artillery and 1st

 Infantry

 Total	 80	 2,023	 2,615

SHIP ISLAND, MISS., January 3, 1862.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding New England Division, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: The last few days have been occupied with nester of the troops. As these troops are raw, much time and attention have been necessary to examine men the rolls. To show raw these troops are, I may state that men have already been wounded in one month by the careless use of fire-arms.

The transport-ships George Green and Bullion arrived on the 31st ultimo. The former landed 138 horses, 6 of which are private property, in good condition. Twelve died on board, and 1 has died since camping ashore. The captain of the George Green (Fairbanks) stopped at Key West, when it is thought there was no necessary for it.

Captain Clouet, of the French steamer Milan, came into the harbor recently, and is receiving facilities to go to New Orleans, being detained at this present moment by a fog, which appears to continue day and night. He informed me that the French have some twenty vessels of war in the Gulf. I should feel more at ease if we had our Sawyer guns mounted, for we need them to insure respect, if for nothing else.

JANUARY 7, 1862.

From some cause or other the captain of the Milan went to New Orleans in one of his own ship's boats. I should been very glad to supply him with the small steam-tug belonging to the Quartermaster's Department, which has been sent us from Pensacola by Colonel Brown, but I understood from the flag-officer that he intended to send the Waater Witch gunboat on this service, and hence gave the subject no further attention until I incidentally learned that the captain had gone. Should I see him again, I shall express to him my regret at not having the pleasure of giving him a passage by one of our vessels.

I had designed making use of the occasion to gain some knowledge as to the defense of the Rigolets, with a view to ascertain whether our long-range rifle guns might reach them from the sound. I have suggested to the flag-officer to make use of the Lewis, the captured light-

