
men and two negroes, who came over a few days since from Milton and East Bay, some 40 miles from Pensacola, but it is apparent that the enemy hold firm possession of Forts McRee and Barrancas and at least five sand batteries lining the shore between the former fort and the navy-yard. The four refugees could finish no information but hearsay stories as to the force of the enemy in their forts, navy-yard, Pensacola, on Bayou Grande, Live Oak Plantation, &amp;c. As my position is a defensive one, on as island, I am perfectly help less for any offensive movement requiring water transportation for 50 men without naval co-operation. I have not under my command a dispatch steamer or sail vessel, and have scarcely enough surf-boats to land stores for the command.

I have made estimates on the Quartermaster's Department for a steamer-boat and surf-boats, which ought to be, and I am in hopes will be, furnished without deadly. The sloop of war Cincennes, carrying two 9-inch and four 8-inch Dahlgren guns, two rifled guns-one 20-pounder and one 10-pounder-is the only vessel of war that has been lying off Sant Roas for the past two weeks. She cannot be made available here for any successful movement against the enemy.

The General-in-Chief can rely upon the zeal and spirit of my command. I will do everything in my powder, with my limited means, to aid in crushing out his senseless and wicked rebellion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. G. ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 8. Ship Island, May 29, 1862.

The following-named regiments and corps will embark to-morrow, commencing at 8 a. m., in the following order, viz:

1. On board steamer Mississippi, the commanding general and staff; Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers; Durivage Cavalry (dismounted) and Manning's battery; Weitzel Pioneers.

2. On board steamer Matanzas: Brigadier-General Williams and staff; Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

3. On board steamer Lewis: Ninth Regiment connecticut Volunteers.

4. On board ship North America: Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers; Everett's battery.

5. On board ship Wild Gazelle: Sixth Michigan Volunteers.

6. On board ship E. W. Farley: Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers.

Each regiment will take three tents, and the detached companies of cavalry, artillery, and pioneers one tent each. The remaining tents will be left standing. The troops will carry their camp kettles, mess pans, cups, plates, knives and forks, and each soldier his knapsack, overcoat, blanked, one extra shirt, one extra pair of drawers, one extra pair of shoes, canteen, and in his haversack four days; cooked rations. They will also take all the axes, hatchets, picks, shovels, and spades they may have in possession.

Officers' baggage will be limited to bedding and one valise, bag, or knapsack; no trunks in any case to be taken. The remaining baggage of officers and men will be properly secured, as compactly as possible, marked, and turned over to the division quartermaster.

Captains of companies will be held responsible that every soldier has in his cartridge-box 40 rounds of ammunition.

45 R R-VOL VI

