
 [CHAP. XVI.
instant a party of men under my command, bearing a flag of truce and on an errand of mercy, were fired into in a most cowardly manner while their schooner was aground and just after they had left your shore.

An apology was made by a person claiming to be an officer of the Third Mississippi Volunteers, but General Butler has ordered that the repetition of such or similar outrageous action be the signal for the destruction of your town.

I am directed, moreover, to inform you that all persons in citizens' dress who visit lines of the United States forces on this coast under a flag of truce will be detained if suspected. All such flags, to be respected, must be accompanied by a military officer in uniform and with proper credentials.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 9. Ship Island, April 10, 1862.

The following-named regiments and corps will embark, commencing at ---- m., and in the following order:

On board ship Great Republic: Twenty-first Regiment Indiana Volunteers; Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers; Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers; Thirty-first Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers; Brown's sappers and miners; Everett's battery.

On board steamer Matanzas: Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers; Second Vermont Battery.

On board ship North America: Thirtieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers; Read's cavalry; Durivage's cavalry; Manning's battery.

On board ship E. Wilder Farley: Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

The amount of provisions, baggage, &., to be carried by the troops will be the same as heretofore designated in General Orders, Numbers 8, current series. No knapsack will be unsung during embarkation or disembarkation or on board a lighter in going to or from any transport.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistance Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Ship Island, April 13, 1862.

To the Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I have the honor to report my safe arrival at Ship Island on the 21st of March, after a series of casualties set forth in my last report from Port Royal to the General commanding the Army, but from thence no further accident. For three days after my arrival a storm prevented a landing of either troops or stores. Upon consultation with Flag-Officer Farragut, I was informed by him that he would probably be able to move in seven days. Accordingly, by dint of most strenuous labor of my troops day and night, I had embarked and ready for embarkation 6,000 of my best men to support his operations-a force judged to be sufficient for the advance, to be at once supported by the remainder of

