
States, will not be disturbed either in person or property, except so far, under the orders of the commanding general, as the exigencies of the public service may render necessary.

The keepers of all public property, whether State, National, or Confederate, such as collections of art, libraries, museums, as well as public buildings, all munitions of war, and armed vessels, will at once make full returns thereof to these headquarters. Al manufacturers of arms, and munitions of war will report to these headquarters their kind and places of business.

All rights of property, of whatever kind, will be held inviolate, subject only to the laws of the United States.

All inhabitants are enjoined to pursue their usual avocations; all shops and places of business are to kept open in the accustomed manner, and services to be had in the churches and religious houses as in times of profound peace.

Keepers of all public houses, coffee houses, and drinking saloons are to report their names and numbers of the office of the provost-marshal; will there receive license, and be held responsible for all disorders and disturbance of the peace arising in their respective places.

A sufficient force will be keep in the city to preserve order and maintain the laws.

The killing of an American soldier by any disorderly person or mob is simply assassination and murder and not war, and will be so regarded and punished. The owner of any house or building in or from which such murder shall be committed will be held responsible therefor, and the house will be liable to be destroyed by the military authority.

All disorders and disturbances of the peace, done by combinations and numbers and crimes of an aggravated nature, interfering iwht the forces or laws of the United States, will be refereed to a military court for trial and punishment; other misdemeanors will be subject to the municipal authority, if it chooses to act. Civil causes between party and party will be referred to the ordinary tribunals. The levy and collection of all taxes, save those imposed by the laws of the United States, are suppressed, except those for keeping in repair and lighting the streets and for sanitary purposes. Those are to be collected in the usual manner.

The circulation of Confederate bonds, evidences of debt, except notes in the similitude of bank notes issued by the Confederate States, or scrip, or any trade in the same, is strictly forbidden. It having been represented to the commanding general by the city authorities that these Confederate notes in the form of bank notes are in a great allowed to have, and that great distress would ensue among the poorer classes if the circulation of such notes were suppressed such circulation will be permitted so long as any one may be inconsiderate enough to receive them till further orders.

No publication, either by newspaper, pamphlet, or handbill, giving accounts of the movement of soldiers of the United States within this department, reflecting in any way upon the United States or this officers, or tending in any way to influence the public mind against the Government of the United States, will be permitted, and all articles of war news, or editorial comments or correspondence, making comments upon the movement of the armies of the United States or the rebels, must be submitted to the examination of an officer who will be detailed for that purpose from these headquarters. The transmission of all communications by telegraph will be under charge of an officer from these headquarters.

