
 [CHAP. XVI.
The armies of the United States came here not to destroy but to make good, to restore order out of chaos, and the government of laws in place of the passions of men; to this end, therefore, the efforts of all well-disposed persons are invited to have every species of disorder quelled; and if any soldier of the United States should so far forget his duty or his flag as to commit any outrage upon any person or property, the commanding general requests that his name be instantly reported to the provost guard, so that he may be punished and his wrongful act redressed.

The municipal authority, so far as the policy of the city and crimes are concerned, to the extent before indicated, is hereby suspended.

All assemblages of persons in the street, either by day or night, tend to disorder, and are forbidden.

The various companies composing the fire department in New Orleans will be permitted to retain their organizations, and are to report to the office of the provost-marshal, so that they may be known and not interfered with in their duties.

And, finally, it may be sufficient to add, without further enumeration, that all the requirements of martial law will be imposed so long as, in the judgment of the United States authorities, it may be necessary. And while it is the desire of these authorities to exercise this government middle and after the usages of the past, it must not be supposed that it will not be vigorously and firmly administered as occasion calls.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 19. New Orleans, May 3, 1862.

The commanding general of this department has been informed that there is now at Mobile as stock of flour, purchased by the city of New Orleans for the subsistence of its citizens. The suffering condition of the poor of this city for the want of this flour appeals to the humanity of those having authority on either side.

For the purpose of the safe transmission of this flour to this city the commanding general orders and directs that a safe-conduct be afforded to a steamboat to be laden with he same to this place. this safe-conduct shall extend to the entire protection of this boat incoming, reasonable delay of discharge, and return to Mobile. The boat will take no passengers save the owners and keepers of the flour, and will be subject to the strict inspection of the harbor master detailed from these headquarters, to whom its master will report its arrival.

The faith of the city is pledged for the faithful performance of the requirements of this order on the part of the agent of the city authorities, who will be allowed to pass each way with the boat, he giving no intelligence or aid to Confederates.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 20. New Orleans, May 3, 1862.

The president, directors, &amp;c., of the Opelousas Railroad are authorized and required to run their cars over the road for the purpose of

