
bringing to the city of New Orleans provisions, marketing, and supplies of food which may be offered in order to supply the wants of the city.

No passengers, other than those having the care of such supplies as owners or keepers, are to be permitted to come into the city and none others are to leave the city. All other supplies are prohibited transportation over the road either way, except cotton and sugar, which may be safely brought over the road, and will be purchased at the fair market value by the United States in specie. The transmission of live stock is especially enjoined. An agent of the city government will be allowed to pass over the road either way, stopping at all points, on the faith of a pledge of such government agent that the transmits no intelligence and affords no aid to the Confederates.

The officer commanding the post having the terminus of such road within his pickets will cause a thorough inspection of the cars and boats for the purpose of furthering this order, and will offer no further hinderance, so long as this order is in good faith complied with.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 21. New Orleans, May 4, 1862.

The commanding general of the Department of the Gulf has been in formed that live stock, flour, and provisions, purchased for subsistence of the inhabitants of the city of New Orleans, are now at the junction of the Red and Mississippi Rivers. The suffering condition of the poor of the city for want of these supplies appeals to the humanity of those having authority on either side. For the purpose, therefore, of the safe transmission of these supplies to the city, the commanding general orders and directs that a safe-conduct be afforded for two steamers, to be laden with provisions, cattle, and supplies of food, either alive or slaughtered, each day, if so many choose to come.

This safe-conduct shall extend to their entire protection by the forces of the United States during their coming, reasonable delay for discharge not exceeding six days, unless in case of accident to their machinery, and in returning to or near the junction of the Red and Mississippi Rivers.

And safe-conduct is further granted to boats laden as before said with provisions for New Orleans from any point above the junction of such rivers, if at any time during which these supplies are needed the forces of the United States should be at or above said junction.

The boats will take no passengers save the owners and keepers of the freight aforesaid, and will be subject to strict inspection by the harbor master detailed from the headquarters, to whom they will report their arrival.

The faith of the city is pledged for the faithful execution of the requirements of this order on the part of the agent of the city authorities, who will be allowed to pass the boats either way, he giving no intelligence or aid to the Confederates.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

46 R R-VOL VI

