
The most urgent matter is first to have the 32-pounders rifled and put in position, with shells fit for their use. I have written to Mr. Skates to hurry up this business. Next get cement from New Orleans, and finish the bastions and close up the north curtain. The postern arch at the main entrance and other interior masonry are of comparatively small account. Lay the traverse rails in the flank casemates as they are laid at Fort Morgan. Make the rampart and parapet as nearly continuous as possible, rivetting the breast-height of the latter with planks, as in case of the covered away, if cement is not to be had.

At Fort Morgan the walls of the addition to the citadel (which was intended by me as a privy in case of siege) should be strengthened by an additional thickness of masonry at the northeast end and at the partition walls. A barrier gate of iron bars should be hung inside of the south postern gate, lest the existing gate there be blown in. The outer end of the passage leading under the glaces coupe into the open field should be bricked up just inside the gate by a 6-foot wall.

Of course many last things remain to be done-protecting the magazines with send bags; substituting these for the board revetment of bomb-proof of citadel, and having arrangements for plenty of water to drink, and everywhere in vessels to extinguish fire. In the casemates the quartermaster's stores should not be piled against the scarp wall. Leave a free passage for defense of embrasures and loop-holes.

General Withers takes command. Show this to him, or at least to Captain Lockett.

Very truly, yours,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major Engineers, Acting Chief of Bureau.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 12, 1861.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following copy of a letter just received at this Department.

RICHMOND, September 11, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The thirty guns (32-pounders) cannot be had elsewhere than from the Portsmouth navy-yard. May I request that you will procure an order from the Secretary of the Navy directing the officer in charge to forward to my address at Mobile, Ala., the thirty guns of the caliber named, or, if those cannot be had, then such others as may be designated by me and not necessary for the Norfolk defenses.

J. M. WITHERS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Your compliance with this requisitions would oblige,

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1, C. S. A.,New Orleans, La., September 12, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Mr. Ford, a citizen of Memphis, informs me that he met in Louisville a few days ago Mr. Walworth, son of Chancellor Walworth,

