
right to observe the movements of the enemy in that direction, that they were moving down towards the ferry between our right and the river, I proceeded to deploy one company, and subsequently the remaining three, along the ridge at right angles to the line of our former position, and about 100 yards farther to the right. We had scarcely gained this ground before the enemy were seen advancing directly towards our new front, and shortly afterwards a body of them appeared towards our right, at a gate on the Port Royal Ferry road. The right of our line fired upon the body of the same time our left fired upon those near our front. These latter also disappeared among the thick growth of pine, and the fire of the enemy ceased entirely.

I now ordered the detachment forward into the wood which covered the eminence. We had, however, advanced but a few paces, when Colonel Jones rode up to our line, and I then saw the regiment of the latter and another regiment, which I afterwards learned was the Eighth Tennessee, advancing to our support, marching by a flank along the road through the cotton field in our rear. At this moment the enemy's gunboats opened a heavy fire of shell, and the whole force was ordered to fall back. While returning through the field my detachment lost 1 killed and 2 wounded. This loss resulted from the enemy's shells exclusively, their infantry making no further demonstration whatever.

Throughout the affair Adjutant [W. H.] Talley rendered me great assistance in the execution of the various movements, and did his duty in every respect in a manner entirely satisfactory to me.

Surgeon Turnipseed joined the command a short time before we first fired upon the enemy, and entered at once upon the discharge of the duties of his position. His services were valuable, especially in the removal of the wounded from the field while it was still under fire of the enemy.

The conduct of the whole command was good. They obeyed orders promptly, and exhibited enthusiasm when the prospect was presented of meeting the foe face to face upon a fair field of battle.

I forward herewith the report of Surgeon Turnipseed.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. BARNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment Twelfth Regiment S. C. Vols.

Lieutenant READY,

Adjutant Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

No. 20. Report of Major Cadwalader Jones, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry.

PAGE'S POINT, S. C., January -, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I proceeded from Camp Pemberton, at 10 o'clock on the 1st instant, to Page's Point, and took command of the forces at this place. They consisted of three companies of the Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (Colonel Dunovant), to wit: Captain [E. F.] Bookter's, Captain H. C. Davis' (Lieutenant [J. W.] Delleney commanding), and Captain T. F. Clyburn's company, also

---------------

*Embodied in No. 22, p.75.

---------------

