
 [CHAP. XVI.
Gibson's, and have nor arms for them all. I am now sorry that I ever sent off so many, as they, with the volunteers who took them off, are so occupied I fear I shall not get them back when needed. It seems that all will be wanted that are in Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, and Missouri, where they are; if so, we are here certainly in rather an unpleasant situation, for if we could raise the men we could not arm the. Our fortifications have progressed slowly, it having rained almost every day since they were commenced, but now we are getting on more rapidly, the weather improved, and more force put on the works. We are much in need of engineers and other officers, as I before wrote you. I see the necessity for them daily. General Twigg's age precludes the possibility of his doing the labor necessary to a command of the magnitude and importance of this, and an officer here should be able to visit and inspect every place. Even were I possessed of the military qualifications, with my present official duties I could do nothing in that way. The raft was placed across the river as the forts on yesterday, I thin; it was all ready, and the engineer went down to place it three days since, so I trust nothing can pass the forts.

We have not heard of the fleet that has left with the 20,000 men, but I have no doubt, and that is the impression generally, that it is destined to other points besides Brunswick. We can be greatly harassed here on our entire coast, and no doubt will be, and I am kept constantly distressed at the incompetency, as I consider, of our commanded. If anything is to be done here you must send us officers and more arms. The Fourth Regiment, I trust, will not be sent off, but that it will be brought over. Cannot General Dahlgren take care of the lake coast? I fear he is not the man that should be there.

I am now waiting for the saltpeter, as I am informed the mill is ready, but everything by rail moves so slow, so slow. I have had Major Ramsey to dispatch the whole line to forward it as fast as possible. The amount of powder here is very small compared to what is necessary, and a knowledge of that fact keep up a constant excitement among our people.

I, notwithstanding your advice to the contrary, seized the pork in the city, and telegraphed you (but have had no reply), and shall hold it, unless requested by you to act otherwise, as I seem no way to fed dour troops without it, but hope you do, as your advice was to that effect. Write me fully on that point.

Is the Government doing anything to clothe and shoe our troops? I do not learn that it is. I have sent a suit of clothes and underclothes, blankets, and shoes to our regiment in Missouri, and blankets for our entire force in Virginia, and clothing for the First and Second Regiments, with shoes also for the whole force, but provision ought to be made for another pair of shoes, as some of those I sent I fear will not last very well, but they were the best to be had.

Have arrangements been made by the Government for arms in Europe? Certainly arms ought to have been procured before this. I have about 1,600 in Havana, and have $150,000 in England to purchase more. The only trouble is to get them here. Cannot Mr. Slidell, who leaves soon, give some aid and advice in the matter? He knows the parties acting for me. I except something done, indeed everything that is necessary for us, for I have tired to do so for the Confederacy. I hardly know what I have written, I am so constantly troubled by visitors on business.

Yours, truly,

THO. O. MOORE.

