
ENGINEER BUREAU, Richmond, Va., October 18, 1861.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance:

DEAR SIR: Fort Gaines, at Mobile, Ala., yet requires for its armament sixteen 24-pounder howitzers and carriages for flank casemate defense. Three of its bastions are yet without huns in barbette, and require a columbiad in each-say three 8-inch columbiads, with barbette carriages.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

D. LEADBETTER,

Major Engineers, Acting Chief of Bureau.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 1, New Orleans, La., October 18, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: As this city, the first in importance in the Confederacy, has been greatly drained of arms, ammunition, medical stores, clothing, and supplies for other points, I would respectfully suggest that the heads of bureaus be requested to order nothing further of that description to be forwarded from here until we have provided ourselves with a fair supply for the force required for the defense of this city. Anything that in my judgement could be spared I would readily send forward; but it will require great exertions to put ourselves in a proper state of defense, and nothing should be diverted from that purpose until the object is gained. The actual state of preparation I shall not put on paper.

When companies or regiments enlisted for twelve months have been in service under State authority for a portion of the time and are then transferred to the confederate service, persistent objection is made in some instances to being mustered for a longer period than the balance of the original twelve months. Most of these have fully nine months to serve, and as the fate of New Orleans for this season must be settled within that time, I shall not stand upon that point, unless you direct me by telegraph to do so.

I am greatly in need of two things, viz, an assistant adjutant-general, acquainted with the details of office matters, forms, &amp;c., who can instruct the volunteers and keep the recours in such shape that claims may be settled at some indefinite future period,a nd some saltpeter for the manufacture of powder. While the first would greatly facilitate matters here, it is not indispensable; the latter is.

We are daily expecting funds, without which we cannot get on a great while.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TROOPS CONFEDERATE STATES, Numbers 120. Near Pensacola, Fla., October 22, 1861.

The major-general commanding, intending to be absent for a few days on a tour of inspection, the command of the troops at and near Pensa-

48 R R-VOL VI

