
at some public place as an example. The negroes have evidently been incited to insurrection by the enemy. I have now as prisoners several negroes, who say they can identify the men who attacked the pickets. I will keep all the negroes till the navigation is through, and would earnestly request instructions from the general commanding. The negro fellows not implicated directly I propose to iron heavily and work them under guard on the causeway now being made at Church Flats. Colonel Stevens will probably arrive to-day with the remainder of the negroes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

No. 2. Report of Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe Legion, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, S. C., January 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I have the honor to submit the report of Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe Legion, commanding the expedition to Edisto Island. The negro men captured I have now under guard at this place. The women and children I have sent to the workhouse in Charleston. As five of the negroes have confessed themselves as being the party that attacked my pickets on Jehosee Island, I would respectfully ask instructions as to their disposition, as it is unsafe to return them to their owners unless they be obligated to submit them to a trial for their lives, and in case of acquittal to be removed from this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coosawhatchie, S. C.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS HOLCOME LEGION,Camp Walsh. January 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Pursuant to orders from the general commanding, at 6.30 a.m. on Wednesday, the 22nd instant, I proceeded with a detachment to cross the Dawho on an expedition to Edisto Island. My force was 120 infantry and 65 cavalry, composed of detachments from Captain Blair's company (attached to the Legion), Company A and Company C of the infantry, and Company A and Company B of the cavalry. Major Palmer was in command of the cavalry, while I took the more immediate charge of the infantry. The Rev. Mr. Baynard accompanied me as guide.

After considerable delay at the inconvenient ferry near Mr. Grimball's (three-quarters of a mile long) and at the bridge over Watt's Cut, between Jehossee Island and Edisto, I left the cut about 3.30 p.m. and began my march on Edisto. About a mile from Watt's Cut we passed

