
was stationed at Mississippi City and Handsborough, and when I sent them away I wrote to Governor Pettus to ask if he could furnish more men to replace them. I learn that he has ordered some cavalry down there, but if you will look on the map I sent you by Colonel Davis you will observe that this section of the country is so cut up with streams that it is very difficult for troops to move through it, and no use could be made of it by the enemy.

All that I ask is to give me some competent and experienced subordinate officers that I can place some reliance on, and the supervision and management of the affairs of the department between Pearl River and Pascagoula will be an easy matter; but I do not think that in any event it should be made a separate department. If you have a competent officer to spare to place over that section of the country let him report to me, and I will put him in position to do all that can be done there by infantry and light artillery, and can keep in hand here in New Orleans a force sufficient to thrown upon the enemy should he presume to make a flank march towards Covington.

The coast is beyond a question untenable should the enemy land in considerable force, which I do not think he will do, east of Bay Saint Louis, unless it be with a view to Mobile. The part between that bay and Pascagoula is valueless in a military point of view except to use the houses on the coast for quarters, and this cannot be prevented without a naval force of some kind.

I will have the return of powder made up and send it as soon as possible. I wrote you fully about powder a few days since.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

Abstract from field return of the Army of Pensacola, commanded by Major General Braxton Bragg, on the 1st day of January, 1862.

Present for duty.

Troops.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

1st	 198	 2,970	 3,896	 4,793

(Gladden's

) Brigade

2nd	 201	 3,093	 3,947	 4,103

(Anderson'

s) Brigade

Alabama	 3	 78	 88 	 94

Mounted

Rifles

Walton	 4	 56	 60	 64

Guards

Grand	 406	 6,197	 7,991	 9,054

total

RICHMOND, VA., January 3, 1861.

Gov. JOHN J. PETTUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Orders were sent some time since to General Lovell for the defense of the coast of Mississippi, and I hope he has taken measures which it would now be too late for me to initiate. The movement-no doubt is intended against Mobile or New Orleans, but I shall much regret if any successful raid be made against the villages on our coast.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

