
about 125 bushels of corn; Mr. W. G. Baynard's, small quantity of cotton and hay.

The upper portion of the island is completely deserted, and this expedition has, I think, driven off the island nearly all the able-bodied negroes, according to the information gathered. I think the negroes are congregated in large numbers on Botany Bay, in the vicinity of the fort. They have destroyed the bridges connecting Botany Bay and Eddingsville with the main island. Should it be desirable, I recommend that a force of 300 men be sent to Botany Bay, provided with the means of repairing the bridge which separates it from Edisto, and under instructions to make a surprise at night, when the gunboats cannot use their artillery. By this means I think nearly the entire force of negroes, numbering, according to accounts, some thousand, may be captured. From the confessions of some of the negroes taken, I think several of the party were concerned in the attack made on our pickets on Saturday last.

By permission of the general commanding I have this morning dispatched a foraging party to obtain provisions from Mr. William Whaley's place.

The stock taken in the expedition is now in the hands of my quartermaster, subject to the order of the general commanding.

In conclusion, I beg leave to mention particularly the energy, activity, and efficiency of Major Palmer, to whose exertions I think the success of the expedition greatly due.

I also mention with pleasure the patient and cheerful endurance of all my men, who, amid cold, rain, and a lack of provisions, were ready and prompt in every call made upon them.

Very respectfully,

P. F. STEVENS,

Colonel Holcombe Legion.

Captain W. H. ROGERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Instructions from General Evans to Colonel Stevens.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams Run, January 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I received a report last night that the negroes on Edisto Island attacked at 12 m. yesterday our pickets at the summer house. I wish to capture the party and check this insurrection. The negroes have evidently been armed by the enemy, who are no doubt lurking in the rear. I send you an order to go to-morrow with 100 infantry and a company of cavalry to attack the party. Captain Miller has been instructed to furnish every assistance, and will probably have the flats in position for you. You had better send your regimental quartermaster to fix the bridge over the cut. Should you not be able to cross the cavalry, you can dismount a portion and leave the balance as a guard. Send word to your pickets at Bennett's Point to keep a sharp lookout and to send word to Captain Perrin. The battery at Pineberry will I wish you to take four days' rations, and to advance with caution as far on the island as possible, making a thorough reconnaissance, and find out

6 R R-VOL VI

