
and Mr. Guirot not, of course, pay it here. I return it to Mr. Elmore to-day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

O'BANNONSVILLE, February 6, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES:

SIR: A large naval expedition left Hampton Roads on 4th with additional land forces for the Gulf; supposed destination Mobile and Pensacola. Suspend all furloughs, and prepare to receive them.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, NO.1,New Orleans, La., February 6, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 27th and 30th ultimo.

1st. With regard to General Ruggles' assignment to the duty of caring for the Mississippi coast, I think it would be exceedingly unadvisable. His services in organizing a brigade of five regiments as a movable force to any point of the department are more valuable than they would be on the coast. Neither his age nor his rank are exactly in conformity with outpost duty in command of two regiments. He would feel mortified, I am sure, at such an assignment. I can manage matters better by leaving them as at present. With 10,000 men in this department, and a long extent of coast to guard, I would recommend the appointment of a brigadier-general from Mississippi for duty on that part of the line. I have but two here, while in the Department of Mobile (General Bragg's) I learn there are not less than five or six officers of that grade.

2nd. I have just received the first installment of powder by the Vanderbilt, and on testing it I found it much below range. In justice to the service it should be worked over again. I will probably reject it; certainly at $2 per pound.

3rd. The Federal prisoners, 493 in number, will leave to-day for Salisbury, N. C., pursuant to telegraphic order from General Cooper.

4th. I look daily for appointments of officers in the new regiments. Major Lovell's resignation has been accepted, but not his new appointment. As he is constantly on important duty, giving orders, &amp;c., it is a little awkward, but he continues at work. At the written request of Captains Montgomery and Townsend I have placed him in charge of the ordnance and disbursements of their expedition.

5th. After careful search and inquiry we can find nothing of Captain W. F. McLean, alluded to in your letter of January 27. When found I will act as advised by you.

6th. Your impression about the arrangement with the steamer Tennessee are not quite correct. We take no risk on the cotton at all, but guarantee $50,000 on the ship in case of capture on outward voyage; and in case she arrives in Havre (the chances of which are largely in our favor) we receive $50,000 in the shape of exchange, as the parties buy for us there $200,000 worth of arms and munitions. We thus

