
NEW ORLEANS, LA., February 21, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

The steamer Miramon has arrived, with 20,000 pounds of powder and 400 guns.

M. LOVELL.

MOBILE, ALA., February 22, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

Dispatch 18th received this evening. Railroads washed away. Prompt movement impossible.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, VA., February 23, 1862.

General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

New Orleans, La.:

Seize all the powder on the Victoria and Miramon, paying for it $2 per pound, if of full proof, and making a ratable deduction if not proof. Send 20,000 pounds of cannon powder here by special agent, with instructions to force it through without an hour's delay.

J. P BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 23, 1862.

Major General MANSFIELD LOVELL,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am in arrears with my correspondence, but the pressure on this Department is so intense that I cannot always be punctual. I have your letters of the 28th ultimo and 6th and 12th instant. I await your returns of the list and appraisement of the steamers prepared for the defense of the Mississippi River. I will then take immediate measures for payment. Pray let me know immediately on receipt of this, and by telegraph, if necessary, when the boats will be ready, and if they have full crews and their armament; also the names of commanders, &amp;c.

2nd. The change you have made in regard to General Ruggles is fully approved. The orders for the defense of the Mississippi coast were issued against my judgment, but the urgency of the members from that State on the President was so great that it was not politic to refuse at the time to gratify their wish. Events have shown how unreasonable was their demand, and we must dismiss all idea of scattering our forces in defense of unimportant points and concentrate them it vital lines.

3rd. The appointments of the officers in the new regiments are all complete but the number submitted to Congress and confirmed at the last session was so great that I am not yet able to send them all. They are confirmed, however, and you can assign to them their commands.

4th. I am very much pleased with your arrangement about the Tennessee, and hope she has got out safely.

5th. You are authorized to use any funds in your hands for the construction of two launches, to replace those borrowed from the Navy, for guarding the Mississippi coast.

6th. I dispatched to-day to impress all powder by Miramon and Victoria.

