
that I might be able to act with some knowledge of the state of affairs. He has returned this morning, and I regret to hear the deplorable state of affairs. As he is an officer of great prudence, caution, and good judgment, I am the more concerned at his report. Officers of rank and standing having already gone on to lay before the Department this information, it is unnecessary, perhaps improper, that I should enter upon the subject.

The past we cannot recall, but it will be a cruel sacrifice to expose what is left of our gallant men to the same fate. Confidence is lost on all hands, from the private to the major-general, and nothing but a change can restore it.

It were futile to waste our time inquiring whether this is deserved. We must deal with facts as we find them, promptly and energetically, or we are lost.

I propose sending my heavy guns from Pensacola to General Beauregard, to enable us to hold the Mississippi, reserving only such as may be necessary to enable me to give some confidence to the people here and in the interior should the enemy pass our forts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOBILE, February 27, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding at Pensacola:

SIR: In the great strait to which we are reduced it has become necessary to concentrate our resources even at the cost of giving up some of our important positions.

You will make all dispositions at the earliest moment, working day and night, to abandon Pensacola. Send to this place all the heavy shell guns, rifle guns, and carriages, &amp;c., complete, wither the ammunition for them; all other supplies to Montgomery, to be located a few miles this side, for safety, in case the enemy should reach there by gunboats.

This movement should be made with all the secrecy possible; removing your arms guns at night, and masking the positions, taking the most advanced first. Keep sufficient troops in position to deceive the enemy until all is ready.

As you can do so, send forward all bodies which can be spared, only reserving enough to do the work, and hold your position until the last, when one regiment can wind up all, and leave by the railroad.

I desire you particularly to leave nothing the enemy ca use; burn all from Fort McRee to the junction with the Mobile road. Save the guns, and if necessary destroy your gunboats and all other boats. They might be used against us. Destroy all machinery, &c., public and private, which be useful to the enemy; especially disable the sawmills in and around the bay and burn the lumber. Break up the railroad from Pensacola to the Junction, carrying the iron up to a safe point.

Your troops, except Captain Amos' mounted company, and the six companies First Confederate Regiment, ordered here, will move as rapidly as you can spare them to Chattanooga, Tenn., and await orders. All that you can spare should go at once. The enemy is not in condition to assail you at this point.

Much depends, general, on active and prompt measures. Our armies in Tennessee, are fearfully outnumbered, and I regret to say, from information

