
done, and the officer having charge of them had any doubt of his ability to destroy the boats if necessary to prevent them falling into the hands of the enemy, then to burn them also. Having performed this duty, Colonel Beard was ordered to take his command to Brewton, on the railroad, about 7 miles above Pollard, where his regiment would be concentrated and then ordered to Corinth.

You are aware that a very small number of the men of the First Florida Regiment were with the army when you left. The interruption to travel and excessive rains retarded the Floridians somewhat in rejoining the regiment. Most of them had returned the day before I left, and as soon as they could collect their arms, which had been issued to other troops, they would go to Brewton and Pollard. As only about 320 of the Twenty-seventh and 450 of the Eighth Mississippi REgiments were present for duty, it was necessary to leave the latter with Colonel Jones or give up all idea of moving the remaining stores. They will be ordered to you as soon as possible. The telegraphic communication with Pensacola is interrupted by the storm of last night, or I would order them to start immediately. Failing to hear from you in reply to my letter of the 6th, and as your telegrams were very long on the way, I took the liberty of telegraphing the Adjutant-General, presuming, of course, that he was informed of the instructions under which I was acting, and asked if I could be permitted to leave from 700 to 1,000 armed men with Colonel Jones, to hold the place as long as possible, and move, as far as practicable, all the remaining war material. He replied promptly, telling me to use my discretion, and make the necessary arrangements for saving the war material remaining at Pensacola.

I write in great haste to get this off by a special express, which starts with a part only of the small ammunition, all I could furnish, called for by Colonel Slaughter's telegram of the 13th, which I received about 12 o'clock to-day.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, March 15, 1862.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Your letter of 6th received. Suggestions approved. Carry them out. Where is Florida regiment and Eighth Mississippi?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.1, No. 10. New Orleans, La., March 15, 1862.

By authority of the President of the Confederate States, and in his name, martial law is hereby declared in the parishes of Orleans, Jefferson, Saint Bernard, and Plaquemine.

All grown white males in the aforesaid parishes, except unnaturalized foreigners, will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States, and all persons, whether foreigners or not, who are unfriendly to our cause, are notified to leave the district embraced by this order without delay.

A system of registry and passport will be established, and no one will be permitted to sojourn in the above-mentioned parishes without satisfying the provost-marshals of their loyalty; and all good citizens are

