
requested to report to those officers all who are suspected of hostility to the Government.

All places for the sale of liquor will be closed by 8 o'clock p.m. Any found open after that hour will be closed permanently and the liquor seized.

A number of persons who have no ostensible business, nor any interests in the city or State, have recently arrived in New Orleans. They must satisfy the provost-marshals of their good intentions and objects here or leave immediately.

The following-named persons are appointed provost-marshal for Orleans Parish:

William Freret, first district; Cyprian Dufour, second district; Honorable Pierre Soule, third district; Colonel H. D. Ogden, fourth district. For Algiers, Captain Norbert Trapagnier; for Jefferson Parish, Judge Victor Burthe;-who will enter upon the discharge of the duties of their offices immediately.

The provost-marshals for the parishes of Plaquemine and Saint Bernard will be announced in a few days.

By command of Major-General Lovell:

J. G. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF MOBILE,Mobile, March 16, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS M. JONES,

Commanding, Pensacola:

COLONEL: Before leaving Pensacola I directed Captain Bird and a sergeant of Captain McDowell's company, First Florida Regiment, to take the men of their respective companies, which had just arrived, to Brewton, and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Beard, commanding the regiment, who I supposed would have arrived there with 100 men of his regiment, which he had taken with him on special service, by the 14th instant. I had intended to order the eight organized companies of that regiment to assemble at Brewton or Pollard as soon as they had collected their arms which had been issued to other troops, but in the pressure of business on me I omitted to give the order. Send the four companies of that regiment (two at Deer Point and Captains Gee's and Cropps') to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Beard as soon as possible, and order him as soon as his companies are together to proceed to Corinth, Miss., and report to the commanding officer there.

It will not do as yet to leave Deer Point entirely unguarded. Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Conoley to keep a guard of about 30 men of his battalion there, having a steamer always ready near at hand to bring them off if attacked in such often as you think proper, only be sure to have a guard always there. They should keep up camp-fires enough to indicate 300 or 400 men were in the camp, and they should use the material of which the huts are built as fuel, pulling the huts down for the purpose, but they must not make anything like a conflagration.

Continue to send forward as rapidly as you can the guns you do not absolutely need to keep up appearances. If there are any more rifled or shell guns, send them here; also the 10-inch mortars. The smooth-bore guns, send to Montgomery. Do not suppose that I have given up or wish you to give up the idea of holding the place permanently. I

