
get some at another point on the river, but was only able to procure small quantity. Being entirely out of provisions, I marched my men to Pollard, and on arriving there could obtain none, so was forced to go on to Brewton. I took to-day 10 men and a sergeant, under a lieutenant, and placed them on the steamer Murray at Bluff Springs, with order to proceed immediately to Deer Point, to await further orders.

For particulars of the property destroyed I beg to refer you to the accompanying paper, marked Exhibit A.* This, of course, could not be perfect, as much of my work was done after night, and again so hurriedly that a correct statement could not be made. It will afford you some idea of the extent of my operations, and account for the time consumed in the execution of your orders.

I cannot close this report without remarking upon the sacrificing patriotism of those whose property-in many cases all they had-was destroyed. While they regretted the necessity none shrank from the sacrifice, and in many cases were prepared themselves to apply the touch to all they possessed. A more loyal and spirited people I have not met during our troubles. I am happy in being able to state that no dwelling or property other than that embraced in your order was destroyed, except at Bagdad, where the proximity of the dwellings to the mills caused three houses-Overman's, Simpson's, and Bushell's-to be burned. The furniture, I believe, was saved, as I had a detail from my command to aid in removing it, though of course damaged to some extent.

My command conducted themselves with marked decorum, being sensible of the delicate and unpleasant duty in which they were engaged. I am much indebted to Mr. A. McVoy, who accompanied me throughout, and without whose assistance I could not have carried out my orders, being unacquainted with the topography of the country and the location of the mills. He was otherwise of great assistance to me.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

W. K. BEARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Fla. Regiment, Commanding Expedition.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT NO.1, C. S. A., No. 11. New Orleans, La., March 18, 1862.

In order to carry into effective operations the requirements of General Orders, No. 10, current series, from these headquarters, the provost-marshals will each establish an office in their respective districts for the transaction of business. Due notice of the localities will be given in the public prints.

Each office will be provided with such assistants and clerks as may be necessary for the transaction of business.

Every white male above the age of sixteen years, residing temporarily or otherwise in the parishes of Orleans and Jefferson, whether he be a citizen of the confederate States or an alien, shall, within six days from the publication of this order, present himself before the provost-marshal of this district, to have his name registered and to furnish as far as able such information as may be required.

Those who claim to be citizens of the Confederate States, by birth or otherwise, shall be required to subscribe an unconditional oath of allegiance

---------------

*Exhibit omitted. Among its more important items are two gunboats, four other steamboats, and a number of sailing vessels.

---------------

