
They had been placed at Saint John's Bluff, on the Saint John's River, with the purpose of putting them in battery there for the defense of that river. The enemy's prompt movements in that direction rendered it impossible to remove them, as it was my intention to have done, in pursuance of the orders from headquarters, dated March 1, 1862, which required that all the troops in this military department, except such as might be necessary for the defense of the Apalachicola River, should be ordered to report to General A. S. Johnston.

From the above it appears that our entire loss in and consequent upon the evacuation of Amelia Island is 20 guns and some stores of the quartermaster and commissary departments, though no considerable amount of either. The capture under false pretenses of Lieutenant-Colonel Holand and 5 men and his subsequent restoration has been already reported in my letter of the 19th instant.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TRAPIER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major T. A. WASHINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Pocotaligo, S. C.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT S. C. AND GA.,Pocataligo, S. C., April 6, 1862.

This report is respectfully referred to War Department. Although East and Middle Florida has been constituted a separate department, reports and returns continue to be made to these headquarters.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Edward Hopkins, Fourth Florida Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH REGIMENT FLORIDA VOLS.,Lake City, Fla., March 30, 1862.

SIR: Your order to evacuate the island of Amelia was received on Tuesday, February 25. In accordance with that order I consulted fully with Colonel McBlair, commander of the batteries, as to the best method of effecting the important duty especially assigned him. I furnished him such details of men as were deemed necessary, and, in short, all things which our position would admit of.

On Saturday, March 1, I ordered Captain J. M. Martin, Marion Artillery, to place his battery 2 miles beyond the railroad bridge, on the mainland, leaving a strong guard to protect the same, and to return with the rest of his command to the island, which he did, and rendered me important service to the end. I also directed Captain Owens, commanding Marion Dragoons, to take his horses to the position assigned the artillery and return (the necessary guard excepted) to the island. This dismounted corps, under its efficient commander, was useful to me throughout.

I had previously caused the citizens of Fernandina to be notified that ample transportation would be furnished all who desired to leave the city; that orders had been issued for that purpose. Finding that the citizens paid no attention to this notice, I issued, on Saturday, March 1, a written notice, to wit, that on Sunday, March 2, at 10 a.m., a special

