
from Camp Garnett, in which position we remained upon our arms all night. On the morning of the 12th of July, 1861, about daybreak, I sent, by your order, Captain A. O. Miller, of Company C, with his company (being same formerly commanded by Brigade Major Blake), to take possession of Camp Garnett, which he did, Lieutenant Watkins, who was left in command of said camp, surrendering his sword and all the camp equipage and public and private property therein to him, and I am proud to say that not one dollar's worth of public or private property belonging to the enemy was appropriated by the company to their own use. I herewith inclose paper marked A containing a list of the killed and wounded of my regiment int the battle, showing thirty killed and wounded.* The officers and men under my command behaved with a great degree of coolness and courage during the entire engagement. I would call especial attention to Major William C. Wilson, who gallantly led forward the left wing, although severely wounded, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Bryant, until he fell by the effect of concussion by the explosion of a shell; also Major McCrea, the surgeon of my regiment, and Captain Myers, assistant surgeon, for the prompt manner they attended the wounded on the field of battle; also to Adjutant Kise for the discharge of his duty; and I cannot close my report without mentioning the name of Private J. H. Boyle, of Company C, for great gallantry; and also D. B. Hurt, whom I had the pleasure to present to you the evening prior to the battle, and whose great knowledge of the mountains and efficiency as a guide I doubt not contributed largely to our success. I also file herewith the report+ of the captains of part of my regiment, who acted in the charge up the Mountain under your orders. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Colonel Tenth Indian Regiment.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS.

[2.]

Report of Colonel Jeremiah C. Sullivan, Thirteenth Indiana Infantry.

BEVERLY, V. A, July 15, 1861.

The Thirteenth Indiana Regiment, together with the Eighth and Tenth Indiana, the Nineteenth Ohio, and Captain Burdsal's cavalry, were ordered on the morning of the 11th to turn the position of the rebels encamped on Rich Mountain, and attack them in rear. After a very tedious march, following a path which led us through thickets so dense and woods so filled with undergrowth that it was impossible to see fifty feet on either side, now following the bed of a mountain stream for our path and then using the compass for our only guide, we climbed and scrambled to the top of the mountain in their rear. Just as we reached the summit of the Mountain we were overtaken by a terrific storm, which raged with great fury, making it seem as if our duty led us to encounter nature, the elements, and man. While marching along the ridge of the mountain, to take up a position which commanded the road leading to Veverly, we were fired on by the picket guard of the rebels. Driving them i,r march down the side of the Mountain into a valley which opened on the road. Between our forces and the road the ground was covered with a dense thicket of underbrush, from which and the hill on the opposite side the rebels

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 killed and 27 wounded.

+Not found.

---------------

