
Williamsburg road, where they halted and later in the day fell into line to resist the approach of the enemy. Company F came in from the picket-line during the afternoon and took part in the action toward the close of the day. Company E was less fortunate. It was surrounded by the enemy on the picket-line, and Lieutenant Croll and about sixty men were captured. Among our wounded was Major John M. Gries, who was mortally shot in the hip while attempting to rescue the colors, which were brought off in safety. He died a few days afterward in Philadelphia. Lieutenant McDowell was killed on the field, and his body fell into the hands of the enemy. In addition, I had 9 officers wounded, 166 non-commissioned officers and privates killed and wounded, and 62 taken prisoners. Both officers and men are particularly notice-able for their good conduct; and among others, Chaplain Gries made himself very useful in attending upon the wounded. I received a rifle bullet in my left elbow and was hit by a spent ball on my left breast, and am now at my home recovering from my wounds.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

JUNE 5, 1862.-Skirmish at New Bridge, Va.

Report of Captain Charles W. Squires, First Company Washington (La.) Artillery.

DOCTOR GARNETT'S FARM ON CHICKAHOMINY RIVER,

Six Miles from Richmond, June 5, 1862.

DEAR COLONEL: We engaged the enemy this morning for one hours and a half and succeeded in driving his artillery from our range. I suffered no loss either in men or horses. The boys behaved with their usual coolness. We exploded one of the enemy's caissons and killed several of their horses. The rifled guns did great execution. The enemy was so far off I had to order my 6-pounders from the field after firing several rounds from them. The infantry are still of the opinion that the Washington Artillery are some, and prefer us to all the rest of the artillery put together.

Yours, &amp;c.,

C. W. SQUIRES,

Captain, Commanding First Company Washington Artillery.

[Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery.]

[11.]

JUNE 25-JULY 1, 1862.-Seven Days' Battles.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard N. Batchelder, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, of operations July 1, 1862, to June 30, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Chief Assistant Quartermaster's Office, September 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 13, from Quartermaster-General's Office, I have the honor to submit the following report of

