
the advance guard of cavalry and with the general officer of outposts on your right and left.

By command of Major-General Sickles:

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, April 3, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

Our plan is to pass Saturday night on the boat; go over from Aquia Creek to your camp Sunday morning; remain with you till Tuesday morning, and then return. Our party will probably not exceed six persons of all sorts.

A. LINCOLN.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 3, 1863.

To His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

Your telegram of to-day has just been received by me. I am rejoiced to learn that you have appointed a time to visit this army, and only regret that your party is not as large as our hospitality. Your wishes will be secured at Aquia on your arrival.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[25.]

[Indorsement on communication of Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys, dated March 28, 1863, and printed in VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 368.]

APRIL 3, 1863.

As General Halleck did not oppose General Humphreys' promotion, but on the contrary supported General Burnside' recommendation for such promotion, the whole motive of General Humphreys' complaints falls to the ground.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Youktown, Va., April 4, 1863.

Brigadier General RUFUS KING,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to state that he desires to have an expedition sent into Gloucester County early to-morrow morning, for the purpose of reconnoitering the country, to discover if possible the movements of the enemy, who are reported to be hovering about our lines, and also to bring in a quartity of grain known to be collected for the rebel army. The force will consist of 300 infantry from the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, the battalion of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry now at Gloucester Point, and 100 cavalry from the Sixth New York and Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who will be sent across the river at 6 in the morning, the whole to be under

