
command of Colonel A. H. Grimshaw, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, to whom the commanding general desires you will give the necessary instructions. These will be to start as soon as the cavalry from this side report to him, to scour well the country, observing all necessary precaution to prevent a mishap; to have always an advance guard and flankers well out, so that if approached by an overwhelming force they can easily fall back, for it is not expected that they will be taken. In any event, it is not the general's desire that they go farther than where the grain is stored - Colonel Tabb's. The post quartermaster has been directed to furnish each cavalryman, to the extent of his ability, with a grain sack; this to the end that as much as possible may be loaded and brought in, and the general desires that all that cannot be taken away in that manner be destroyed. The men should be provided with one day's cooked rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Yorktown, Va., April 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-Commander GILLIS, U. S. Navy,

Senior Officer at Yorktown:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 2nd instant to Acting Rear-Admiral S. P. Lee of your recent successful expedition to Mobjack Bay. I also acknowledge your letter to me of the 4th instant. It is exactly in accordance with my wishes to continue my co-operation with you in destroying the resources of the rebels. In order that no time may be lost, will you do me the favor to come on shore at once, and we will arrange an expedition for to-morrow.

I remain, very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[18.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 6, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters:

There is reasonable ground to expect important news hourly from Charleston via Richmond. Will you be on the qui vive for anything from the enemy opposite.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Yorktown, Va., April 7, 1863-6 a. m.

Colonel GRIMSHAW,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your orders were given with a view to your return to Gloucester Point to-night. It was supposed you might otherwise be subject to capture by the enemy's cavalry. If you can make such arrangements as to be certainly protected by the gun-boats, you are authorized to remain out till to-morrow night. The enemy's cavalry are so numerous

