
twenty-fifth, One hundred and twenty sixth, One hundred and eighteenth, One hundred and fifty-second, One hundred and sixty-ninth, One hundred and forty-first, One hundred and twenty-seventh, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-fourth, One hundred and fifty-third, and One hundred and seventeenth New York Volunteers; Second Connecticut Battery; First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Company H; Keystone (Pennsylvania) Battery; Eleventh and Ninth Massachusetts Batteries; Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, and Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers; Fourteenth New Hampshire Volunteers; Tenth New Jersey Volunteers; Twenty-second and Nineteenth Conneticut Volunteers; Seventeenth, Twelfth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-seventh New York Batteries; Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers; Eleventh Rhode Island Volunteers, and First Delaware Battery.

8. Each regiment of infantry will provide itself with forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes and sixty rounds in wagons to each man. Each battery of artillery will have its ammunition boxes filled and 200 rounds in wagons.

9. The allowance of tents will be as follows: For each division and brigade commander, one well-tent; to every two officers of their staff, one wall-tent; to the colonel, field and staff officers of each full regiment, three wall-tents; to each officer commanding a battery, one wall-tent; to each company officer, one shelter-tent; to every two non-commissioned officers and soldiers, one shelter-tent. Commanders of regiments will draw immediately shelter-tents as prescribed, but no issue thereof will be made to the men without orders from these headquarters. The authorized allowance in each case will correspond with the proportionate strength of the regiment.

10. Officers' baggage will be limited to blankets, a small valise or carpetbag, and a reasonable mess kit.

11. The troops will have seven days' rations, of which three cooked will be carried in the haversack.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Memoranda in reference to crossing Rappahannock.

APRIL 12, 1863.

It is assumed that the force of the enemy within fifteen miles of Fredericksburg is probably 40,000 men and does not exceed 60,000. Cross 30,000 men at Port Royal, with instruction to move out to Bowling Green and Fredericksburg road. If the enemy is retreating by Telegraph or Bowling Green road, to attack him in flank; if not, to move toward Fredericksburg and attack him in rear. Simultaneously with this cross the balance of the army at Franklin's crossing and Smithfield. If the enemy could be pursuaded to wait an attack anywhere, it would probably be in their old position, and yet prisoners say that nothing has been done to strengthen the place since the day after the fight. Attacked by nearly double his force, it is thought the position could be carried even if the enemy did not know where was a large detachment on his line of communications. If the navy can guarantee to have the pontoons in rafts of three or four boats at Port Royal at daylight in the

