
the transaction connected with my duties as assistant quartermaster for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863:

During the year 1862 I was employed as assistant quartermaster of the Second Division, Second Army Corps, Army of the Potomac. On the morning of July 1 the trains of this division were parked at Hazall's Landing, on the James River, about thee miles from the battle-field of Malvern Hill. In accordance with orders received during the afternoon the ammunition trains of the division (consisting of fifty wagons) were sent to Malvern Hill. During the night orders were received to move to Harrison's Landing in the following order: First, artillery; second, troops; third, trains. The artillery and troops having left the field the ammunition was moving into the road, when, under the direction of an officer of General McClellan's staff, eleven teams that were in the rear were drawn together and blown up, saving only the saddle mules of each team. The remainder of the trains reached Harrison's Landing without accident early in the day and remained at this point until the 15th day of August, when we marched at 5 p. m., having previously shipped all the knapsacks belonging to the men and all the surplus baggage upon transports for the Potomac. The march was continued slowly during the night and the next day without halting, crossing the Chickahominy River on a pontoon bridge at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and encamping on the opposite bank. On the morning of the 17th resumed the march for Hampton, arriving there at 3 a. m. of the 19th. On the 22nd the transportation moved to Newport News, where the troops were embarked on the 25th, the trains being left for want of transportation. The troops reached Aquia Creek on the morning of the 27th, and were mostly disembarked when orders were received to reship and proceed to Alexandria, where we arrived during the evening, and the next day went into camp about four miles from the city on the Centerville road. On the 30th the transportation began to arrive, which was immediately unloaded. The troops moved to Tennallytown and from thence to Centerville, returning on the ed of September and encamping near Tennallytown. The transportation was ordered from Alexandria to Georgetown, and the knapsacks and stores shipped at Harrison's Landing were received. On the 5th the troops moved to Rockville, followed by the transportation on mand resumed the march on the morning of the 9th, reaching Frederick City on the 14th. On the following day moved to the vicinity of the battle-field of Antietam, arriving at 2 a. m. on the 16th. The enemy opened fire on the train at daylight, when, after issuing rations to the troops, the teams moved back on the Boonsborough road about two miles, where they remained until the 19th, when they were moved up to the battle-field.

On the 22nd of command marched to Harper's Ferry, fording the Potomac River and encamping on Bolivar Heights, remaining here until the 30th day of October, when crossing the Shenandoah River and moving down the line of the Blue Ridge by easy marches, arrived at Warrenton on the 9th day of November. On the 15th of the month the troops started on the march for Falmouth, Va., arriving within one mile of that place on the afternoon of the 17th, where they remained in camp until the 11th day of December. On this day the trains of the division were loaded ready for a march and parked with trains of the corps about two miles in the rear of Falmouth, remaining there until after the battle of Fredericksburg. They were then returned to their former camping ground.

By Special Orders, Numbers 10, from War Department, January 8, 1863, I was assigned to the Second Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, as

