SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Numbers -. April 28, 1863.

The order of march for to-morrow, 29th instant, will be as follows: First, Griffin's division; second, Sykes' division; third, Humphreys's division. Brigadier-General Griffin will be prepared to move at 7 a. m. He will send a staff officer at daylight to communicate with Major-General Slocum, in order to ascertain the earliest moment at which the road to Kelly's Ford will be open. Major-General Sykes will move at 7 a. m. and close up on Griffin's division. He will place his battery in front of his column, prepared to move forward, to report to General Griffin in case its services are required. Brigadier-General Humphreys will move immediately after General Sykes. He will furnish the necessary details to Captain Comstock to take up the pontoon bridge. When taken up, he will place the pontoon train in his own train between his brigades, and so dispose his artillery as to cover to the best advantage the rear of the column, the protection of which he has the especial charge. All officers are earnestly enjoined to keep their commands well closed and prevent all straggling. Under instructions of the commanding rapid march. The major-general commanding fully relies upon every man cheerfully submitting to the exertions he will be called upon to make for the purpose of securing the success which it is earnestly hoped and believed will attend the movement.

By command of Major-General Meade:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

April 28, 1863.

The troops of this command will move to the river bank near the place where General Franklin crossed and will take position in rear of the point designated, out of view of the enemy, before dark. The right division will leave camp immediately upon receipt of this order. The First, Second, and Third Divisions will commence to move at such time and by such practicable routes as will enable each, by an easy march, to reach the position designated before night fall. Care must be taken to avoid interference on the march and to conceal the movement as far as possible from the enemy. Amublances and trains will be parked in the rear and concealed behind the hills ready to move when desired. Trains will be loaded with supplies of forage and provisions to include at least eight days' short forage for the animals. Whenever an opportunity occurs without interference the supplies that may have been consumed will be replaced. The troops will have the eight days' rations as heretofore provided in orders. When the troops have crossed the river the ammunition trains and ambulances will be held in readiness to move first. The wagons with intrenching tols will move with the ammunition trains. The batteries will be posted under the direction of the chief of artillery of the Army of the Potomac and the chief of artillery of the corps. Division commanders will send a staff officer to report at these headquarters at the commencement of the march and also upon occupying the positions herein indicated. No fires will be lighted to-night. Division quartermasters will report in person to the chief quartermaster of the corps to receive directions in relation to the movement and parking of trains.

By command of Major-General Sedwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

