HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 28, 1863.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has left for the scene of operations above. I have received the following report from Professor Lowe, who has been instructed to get all the possible information of the enemy's movements from the balloon:

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 28, 1863-9 a. m.

GENERAL: I am sorry to state that the wind has been so high thus far this a. m. that I have been unable to ascend with the balloon. The first opportunity shall be improved and reports made. A heavy storm is apparently near at hand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

Signal officers have been directed to be givilant and watchful and to report everything. I shall keep you fully advised of everything that is reported here. Have you any wishes or commands?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - The night before last, April 26, Rodes' (D. H. Hill's) division had not moved; A. P. Hill's and Trimble's also; and there are no signs of a move. This from deserters who have just come in.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General BROOKS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Sedgwick directs that you will have your division in the immediate vicinity of Franklin's crossing at 11 p. m. ready to cross in boats and hold the ground on the opposite side until the bridges are completed. You will not move from the heights on this side of the river until you have the cover of the darkness. The crossing in the boats must be effected with the utmost celerity and in the strictest silence. General Benham will indicate to you the exact time and place of crossing.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, April 28, 1863.

Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

I have no reliable information of any rebels at Morgantown, and doubg the rumor of their reaching that point or getting to the north of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in any considerable force. All mischief done has been between Oakland and Grafton, which places we now hold. An empty train of stock cars was captured, which we have

