
chief assistant quartermaster, Major General D. N. Couch commanding. On assuming the duties of that position, my attention was given to the general improvement of the transportation belonging to the corps, believing it to be essential to the general interest and a necessary auxiliary to every successful movement of the army that this department is at all times in good condition. Every effort was made to accomplish that object, and the result, after long and fatiguing marches over rough and precipitous roads, bears ample evidence that these efforts were not made in vain. On Wednesday, the 29th day of April, the First and Third Divisions of this corps, with seventy wagons loaded with ammunition, forty-five with supplies, and thirty with hospital stores and forage, moved from Falmouth to a point on the Rappahannock River near Banks' Ford. The remainder of the train, consisting of 351 teams, was parked at Falmouth. Each division train was supplied with thirty-five pack-saddles. On the following day the command moved to United States Ford. On the 1st of May the troops moved across the Rappahannock River on a pontoon bridge at United States Ford, followed by the ammunition trains, and encamped near the battle-field of Chancellorsville. During the several days' engagements I was employed superintending the movements of the trains, in forwarding ammunition and supplies to the front as they were required. The roads, which at this time were nearly impassable for heavy teams, were made worse by the heavy transportation that was constantly passing over them, and which rendered it necessary to resort to the pack-mule system as a more ready means of transportation, and for several days all the small-arms ammunition and supplies were conveyed on pack-mules. Impressed with the important and timely service rendered by this system of transportation, I improved the first opportunity to increase the supply. On Wednesday, the 6th day of May, all the transportation in this command returned to Falmouth in a good condition and ready for active and immediate service. The trains remained at this place until the 14th of June. Early on that day they moved forward by way of Stafford Court-House and Dumfries, arriving near Fairfax Station on the following Wednesday, where supplies were obtained. On the 19th the command moved to Centerville; on the next day to Thoroughfare Gap, over the Warrenton turnpike, the Third Division remaining at Gainesville to protect the lines of railroad. The First and Second Divisions moved on, arriving at the gap about midnight of the 20th. The several trains remained at the respective places until morning of the 25th, when they moved to Gum Springs and were joined by the Third Division train. When passing through Haymarket the enemy's cavalry in considerable force made some demonstration on our rear, but no loss or injury was sustained by the train. On the 26th the march was continued, arriving at Edwards Ferry early in the afternoon, when we crossed the Potomac River on pontoon bridges and parked the teams in the vicinity of Poolesville, Md. Forage and supplies were obtained here. The next day the train moved on through Poolesville, Barnesville, and Hyattsville, parking at Urbana. On the 28th moved on to and parked at Monocacy Junction, near Frederick City. On the 29th the command moved at 8 a. m., passing through Liberty and Johnsonville, arriving at Uniontown at 11 p. m., having marched thirty-one miles during the day. Here the train remained in park to the end of the month. No better evidence of the condition of the trains could be given than that during this march, embracing a period of seventeen days and accomplished under many difficulties, no serious accident or delay occurred. The amount of transportation allowed by general

