
orders, headquarters Army of the Potomac, has been strictly adhered to, and I would respectfully suggest the following changes, which, in my opinion, would add much to be efficiency of the movements of troops and safety of the trains:

I. During a campaign the amount of necessary transportation could be materially reduced by allowing no wagons for officers' baggage or supplies, compelling them to transport their shelter-tents, rations, &amp;c., by their horses [and] servants. The adoption of some plan of this character would reduce the transportation of the army fully 20 per cent. and very sensibly increase its power of rapidity of motion.

II. The quantity of small-arms ammunition transported is largely in excess of the amount required. For instance, at the battle of Chancellorsville, out of fifty teams loaded with small-arms ammunition, but nine loads were expended, and at the battle of Gettysburg, Pa., where this corps lost nearly one-half of its whole number in killed and wounded, but fourteen loads were used out of sixty. Three wagons of the five for every 1,000 men, now required by existing orders, would be sufficient to transport more ammunition than has been expended in any two battles during the war.

III. The transportation assigned to hospital supplies is about 12 per cent. of the whole amount. It can and should be reduced at least one-half.

IV. Every person connected with the train should be well armed with navy revolvers or carbines, so that every train will be able to protect itself and relieve a large number of soldiers who are assigned for guard duty.

V. Brakes that can be operated by the teamster while upon his team should be placed upon all the wagons. Much time and a large amount of wear and tear could be saved thereby.

In the annexed table* is shown in a consolidated form the property for which I am accountable, amount remaining on hand, received, transferred, lost or abandoned, and the amount of money received, disbursed, and remaining on hand during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863.

* * * * *

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster of Volunteers.

QUARTERMASTER GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

[11, 12, 19, 21, 25, 27.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Owen, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, of operations June 28, 1862, to June 30, 1863.
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Culpeper, Va., September 19, 1863.

GENERAL: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 13, from your office, dated July 22, 1863, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 30th day of June, 1862, I was acting as assistant quartermaster with the Second Brigade, First (Kearny's) Division, Third Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, the same brigade to which I had been attached in the same capacity since its formation in August, 1861. It

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

