
beyond the wood. A party of sharpshooters, Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, are now trying to gain the crest, but are not strong enough to hold it. I would respectfully request that a staff officer be sent to examine the position.

Very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel Sixty-first New York Vols., Division Officer of the Day.

[25.]

MAY 2, 1863-4.15 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy have entirely withdrawn their advanced line with the exception of a small picket force.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

[25.]

CUMBERLAND, May 2, 1863-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

Just arrived here on my way to Harper's Ferry. Will be detained here till 6 p. m. The Fourteenth Pennsylvania are on their way back to the Ferry. The Twelfth are expected here in about an hour. Will push it on to Roberts as fast as possible. We will have to look out for Jones on his return, as he has remounted his men with fresh horses stolen from the people in Western Virginia. I have effectually blocked the Northwestern turnpike from North Branch to Stony Run and ordered Smith to fall back to New Creek and assume command, which I think will make that important point safe.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[25.]

UNITED STATES FORD, May 3, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

Do not expect dispatches much from General Hooker at present. He wishes to hear constantly from you but is too engaged. He has been slightly hurt, but not at all severely. No firing for an hour. Am just back from Hooker's headquarters. The slaughter has been fearful on both sides. The enemy must have suffered most as he has been forced to attack every time. Your last dispatch is received and forwarded.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

[25.]

SEDGWICK'S HEADQUARTERS,

May 3, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

The enemy's infantry is very light along the whole line opposite here, and especially immediately in rear of Fredericksburg. I can see no troops moving this way on any of the roads. Heavy cannonading has just commenced on the right toward Chancellorsville.

T. S. C. LOWE.

[25.]

