HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1863-1 a. m.

Brigadier-General BARNES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has read your reports, and directs me to say that your arrangements to co-operate with General Pleasonton's cavalry are satisfactory. The information given by Colonel Vincent is corroborative of what he has already heard. You can send in your reports, instead of every three of four hours, say every six hours - about 7 a. m., 1 p. m., &amp;c. Very important information will of course be sent in as soon as received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 9, 1863-7 p. m.

[General BARNES:]

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you immediately send to the support of General Pleasonton, at Brandy Station, 1,000 infantry from your command. They should have their three day's cooked rations in haversacks, and be supplied with forty rounds in boxes and twenty-five on their persons. No wagons or vehicles to accompany them except a few ambulances. Let no time be lost in pushing forward this command, and assign to its direction an intelligent and active officer. It would be well, if practicable, to send the whole of the brigade from which the 500 were taken this morning; but upon this point I leave details to your discretion. General Pleasonton must be promptly re-enforced without the least delay, and the nearest troops should be sent to him, supplying their places with your reserves. The map I furnished you will indicate the road from Kelly's Ford to Brandy Station. Hold your posts on the river in force, and put all your artillery in position to cover the withdrawal of General Pleasonton's command in case the same should be necessary. Just as I had completed the above the accompanying telegram was received from headquarters suspending for the present the order to re-enforce General Pleasonton. You had better, however, be prepared for the receipt of such orders, getting the comnmand required ready at Kelly's Ford, and your reserve ready to move down and take its place. I regret I have so frequently to call your attention to the necessity of keeping me promptly and frequently advised of what is transpiring in your front. The last and only dispatch this day received from Kelly's Ford is dated 7 a. m., and a fast horse can certainly traverse the distance in two hours and a little over. It is impossible for me to asnwer the numerous calls from headquarters if you do not co-operate by keeping me posted up. Let me know by bearer, Captain Jay, aide-de-camp, your proposed arrangements and all that has occurred in your front.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

P. S.- A telegraph line is now being put up to your headquarters. Will reach there about midnight. Please take care of the operator sent up.

[27.]

