HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,June 9, 1863.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have four brigades in this corps commanded by colonels. The impression prevails that all promotions come from outside the corps. Now, in order to strengthen the command and insure tis efficiency, I recommend for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general: Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers. I can vouch for these officers' loyalty, energy, and peculiar fitness as military men. If these worthy officers can be promoted I believe it will serve to allay much of the irritation that seems to exist in this corps.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps:

COLONEL: I have given the instructions suggested to the commanding officer on the left, General Wheaton, and particularly warned him against any surprise. I did not feel any alarm, not having the brigade in reserve, but would feel much stronger were my lines not so much constrained by the rifle-pits. I regard the rifle-pits as at present laid out a positive weakness in compelling me to occupy a certain line, and by not allowing me to use my own discretion and make my own dispositions. For the information of the general commanding the corps and to satisfy my own sense of duty, I am obliged to state the line of rifle-pits is virtually no reserve, is by no means a strong one, but under any circumstances the commanding general may be assured the troops under my command will do their duty to the last extremity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Magruder, June 10, 1863.

Captain GILLIS,

U. S. Navy:

SIR: The infantry will be at the Jamestown Island wharf at or before midnight. I have no reason to suppose they will have any difficulty in getting there. If they do not get there it would not be worth while to march to Barrett's Ferry to-night, and they would return here. If you find them on the wharf, and I doubt not you will, please go on rapidly, and if possible land them at two points on the Chickahominy. If you do not find the infantry, I trust you will not fail to steam up the Chickahominy past the mouth of the Diascond, as I wish to give the enemy an idea that we are coming in on the rear of the bridge. Go as far up that rigver as you think prudent, in any event.

Yours, truly,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[27.]

