
send a boat in to the King's Mill wharf, which is a mile or so below the mouth of College Creek and directly opposite this place. I will have a letter there for you, and a party there on the lookout. Show lanters on the starboard side only till you get me note; after that go as dark as possible, as the enemy have lookouts on both sides of the river above. I shall send about 1,200 infantry with two day's rations, and I wish them to land at one or two points on the right bank of the Chickahominy, as you may think most prudent, and that they should march briskly up the roads and make their presence known. I should like to have them ashore on that side from early morning till near night, you taking them on board before dark and landing them on the same Jamestown Island wharf, where you will wait till you learn the bridge across the stream to the mainland has not been destroyed during your absence. Should you not find any infantry at the wharf on your way up, wait there a short time and then steam up into the mouth of the Chickahominy; remain some time after daylight, and if my men are not there return to Yorktown. Keep a good lookout for enemy's vessels and examine the river closely. If anything specifield herein should not occur as foreseen, you must act in accordance with your own sound discretion. Send me a note, stating what vessels, you have, from King's Mill wharf, &amp;c.

I remain, very sincerely, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Williamsburg, Va., June 11, 1861-3.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GORDON,

Commanding Division:

SIR: I have not yet succeeded in communicating with the gun-boats. Shall not abandon the effort till dark, and am now going down to the Jamestown Island landing myself. As seven gun-boats (two monitors) have passed up, I think you can remain out another day or two. We shall stir up the enemy when we succeed in landing some infantry above the Chickahominy. If you think you can remain out I will send out some loads of meet, bread, coffee, &c., as you may desire, early in the morning. In no case do I wish you to return until late to-morrow evening if you can possibly avoid it.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General HUMPREYS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you take the road hence to Kelly's Ford and picket thence to Beverly Ford, detailing one of your brigades for this purpose and using the other for a reserve. A battery will be ordered to report to you and will be attached to your reserve. You will establish your pickets between the points above mentioned, and by the use of rifle-pits and abatis you will enable your men to render the fords impassable to the enemy. You will establish communication with General Meade, who is on your left, and with General Pleasonton, who is upon your right. The headquarters of the

