
corps will be established at Bealeton, and you will communicate with them on the right if you find that you cannot do so with Pleasonton to-night. You will use every endeavor to carry out these instructions before dark, and report the result of your efforts to these headquarters this evening in person. The train of your division will be sent to Baoleton; your ambulances will accompany the division. The tools of your pioneers are supposed to be sufficient for your use, but should it be thought necessary to increase of the working parties you will obtain the necessary tools at these headquarters. It is, however, necessary that the tools be used as economically as possible, and none taken from these headquarters if it can be avoided. Lieutenant Briscoe (the bearer) will accompany you as guide, and you will avair yourself of his intimate knowledge of the country in establishing your picket-line.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

J. HAYDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Fort Magruder, Va., June 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General GORDON,

Commanding Division:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs me to says that he has just received a communication from Major-General Dix informing him that General Peck has moved in the direction proposed. It is the desire of General Dix, as well as of General Keyes, as he notified you last night, that you should keep your command out longer than to-day if you can do so without hazarding its safety, and he thinks you ought to be able to learn something of the enemy's numbers and position. The general commanding requests that you will send in your requisitions for such supplies as you may require, and that if possible an officer may be sent to attend to forwarding them for your whole command, including Colonel West's. He wishes to be informed of anything that occurs of importance and he will be glad if you determine that it is prudent to remain out at least one day longer after to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSWALD JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Williamsburg, Va., June 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General GORDON,

Commanding Division;

SIR: I have your note of to-day. Have ordered up to you two days' rations, as I am not certain it is expedient for you to return to-morrow. I think it better not to hurry back, and to feel the enemy a little more. I have been waiting impatiently all day to get from Colonel Johnson and the gun-boats, and will write you the news I may receive. My orders cannot be positive at this distance, and you must be the judge as to whether you can hold your ground or not; but I think it highly important that you should remain out a while longer.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

[27.]

