SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 161. Camp near Falmonth, June 13, 1861.

5. Brigadier General G. K. Warrn is assigned to the general charge of the troops designated to cover the withdrawal of the sick and supplies from Potomac Creek and Aquia depots. He will be guided in this duty by the special instructions he has received from the commanding general, and his orders will be obeyed by all concerned.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,June 13, 1863-12. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General HUMPREYS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that he is in respecting of your note of this morning, relating to the defenses of the fords, and that he desires that you take immediate measures to carry out the instructions of yesterday, but while doing so that you also use every precaution necessary to avoid observation.

I am, general, yours respectfully,

J. HAYDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp, Berea Church, June 13, 1863.

Major-General SYKES:

You will concentrate your division (trains and batteries) at Hartwood Church, and there the relief of your pickets on the river. Those at Banks' Ford will be relieved by Major-General Hancock; those at United States Ford by cavalry to be sent by Major-General Reynonlds. So soon as your pickets are relieved you will proceed as rapidly as possible to Warrenton Junction from Hartwood Church, taking the right-hand road, so as to avoid General Barnes' division moving from Morrisville to the same point through Elk Run. I shall proceed from hence to Grove Church, and will leave with you at Hartford an operator to telegraph to Grove Church so long as I remain there.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 13, 1863.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a competent officer, with instructions, with the trains to keep them moving on and out of the way and to keep the road clear. That you take a position on the north side of Potomac Creek, if necessary on the high ground, until Hancock's trains have passed; all trains to keep in

