HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, June 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General BRIGGS, Frederick, Md.:

Concentrate rapidly as possible your forces at Harper's Ferry.

Rebels attacking Milroy at Winchester, while detached forces are pressing on to Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

DONN PLATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Williamsburg, Va., June 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General GORDON,

Commanding Division, near Nine-Mile Ordinary:

SIR: Your note of this morning was duly received. I am glad you have possession of Diascond bridge. You do not mention in your note the name of the officer who commanded the force which took possession of the bridge. While I was up at your headquarters yesterday you told me, as I understood, that Colonel Porter and Grimshaw were both out, and I would like to know which first crossed the bridge. Your arrangements appear to be good and your activity sufficient. In following out the programme "to feel the enemy constantly," I must require greater caution in proportion as you advance farther up the Peninsula. The reports I have received that some of Longstreet's corps are not far from the White Horse, on the other side of the Pamunkey, renders the caution necessary. The next move I make to facilitate and aid your movements will depend on the answer I receive from General Dix and Admiral Lee. The moment I determine on anything I shall notify you.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WIG,June 15, 1863.

Major-General BIRNEY, Commanding Third Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that, with your corps, you move to Manassas to-day and remain there until the troops and trains coming up on the right have crossed the Occoquan. You will take such position at Manassas as to cover the railroad, using any of the old fortifications that may be benefit to you. My headquarters to-night will be at Centerville.

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, June 15, 1863.

Honorable JOHN L. CHAPMAN, Mayor of Baltimore:

The State of Maryland having been called on to furnish 10,000 troops for six months as her contingent of the 100,000 asked for by the President's proclamation issued to-day, I doubt not the loyal people of Baltimore will at once do their part to help fill the requisition. In this I am

