HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, June 16, 1863.

Colonel TRUEX,

Commanding 14th New Jersey and 138th Pennsylvania,

Relay House, or at first station on road:

General Tyler telegraphs that train must not approach Harper's Ferry except in broad daylight. You must go slowly, and stop at Moncocacy and wait until daylight; then telegraph General Tyler, and take his orders about approaching him. Send forward an officer, and scouts also, immediately on reaching Monocacy, to communicate with General Tyler. Keep steam up all the time and trains ready to move. Do not permit a man to leave the cars. If wires are down and you cannot telegraph to and from General Tyler, you must not proceed until you can hear through your officer and scouts and get communication with him in that way. Be very careful and watchful. I will telegraph General Tyler to send cavalry patrols along the road from Harper's Ferry to Point of Rocks. Answer immediately on receiving this dispatch.

DONN PLATT,

Chief of Staff.

[27.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 16, 1863-10.15 a. m.

Major-General COUCH:

What description of force is at Chambersburg; in what numbers, and under whose command? Such particulars are very necessary to be known here in determing the operations of Hooker's force. No pains should be spared to get accurate information in detail and report it here. The people being friendly, there would seem that with proper diligence and system accurate and full information might be had not only of the movements being made, but who and what number is making them.*

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 163. Fairfax Station, Va., June 17, 1863.

1. The Twentieth and Ninety-fourth New York Regiments will proceed without delay to take post at the mouth of the Monocacay for the purpose of protecting the bridges and fords at that point. They will receive special instructions from Brigadier-General Warren after reaching their destination. Until the arrival of General Warren the senior officer will assume command, and will give whatever instructions may be necessary. These regiments will move from Alexandria by land and take with them their wagons and equipage .

* * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

---------------

* For reply, see 11.20 a. m., VOL. XXVII, Part III, p. 161.

---------------

