
displayed in previous engagements with the enemy. Their names are indelibly written on the tablets of history. The devotion of this brigade to the great cause of the union and their noble deeds on many battlefields is the pride of the States which we represent, and spoken of by the whole North with admiration and joy. When again we are brought facew to face with the enemy, who has invaded our territory, let us meet him with the same spirit and determined zeal as heretofore, so that he may here receive his just reward. Let us do our part toward crushing this terrible rebellion. Commanding of regiments will use every effort to encourage their commands, inspire them with the magnitude of the issue at stake.

GEO. C. BURLING,

Colonel Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,July 1, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The loss of my corps is about 3,000 killed, wounded, and missing. In the two corps we have lost one piece of artillery. This positions is plenty good for a general battle unless you fear it being turned at considerable distance from Gettysburg.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHT ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 1, 1863.

Commodore DORNIN,

Commandant Navanl Station, Baltimore:

COMMODORE: Your communication of yesterday was received. I have to thank you for your prompt co-operation in the measures for defense here by the disposition you have made of the gun-boats that you had available. Please inform me if you should find it necessary on any account to change the vessels or their respective stations. I think we are getting this city its approaches so under our guns on water and land that rebeldom could be held very uneasy.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]

HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHT ARMY CORP, s

Batlimore, July 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: You will on receipt of this, instead of pursuing your march as heretofore ordered by telegraph, march by the best route to Havre de Grace on the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad, and on your arrival at that point report for duty to Major Hounsfield,

