
of the Fifth Deleware Volunteer Infantry. On you way you will continue to collect the horses of disloyal citizens as heretofore ordered, giving receipts for them with proper desription and bringing them in to be turned over to the quartermaster's department. In doing this you are to receive none but good horses, fit for cavalry or artillery use, and if you should fall in with Captain Means, of Virginia, who with Quartermaster Lacey is in Harford County collecting horses, you will turn over any that you may then have to Captain Means or Captain Lacey, the quartermasters, taking receipts thereof. You will also on your way to Havre de Grace arrest and carry with you all suspicious persons or known active or mischievous secessionsts or rebel sympathizers in that part of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. CHESBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 2, 1863.

S. M. SHOEMAKER, Esq.,

Baltimore:

Youw will please accept the thanks of this Department for your prompt and engergetic organization of an express to General Meade's headquarters.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore Store, Va., July 2, 1863-7.10 p. m.

Colonel R. M. WEST,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I send forward Colonel Porter, with his brigade and a fraction of a battery, to support you. If the enemy attacks in large force, fight your way back to this place. Let me know how matters stand.

Yours,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[27.]

JULY 3, 1863-8 a. m.

General SEDGWICK:

The general directs me to say that, from information received from General Warren and General Howard of the movements of the enemy, it is their intention to make the attempt to pierce our center. He desires that, if any portion of your force is available and can be spared, they be massed in a central position near where they can support Howard or be thrown to the right or left, as required. He is under the impression that you three brigades in reserve, and thinks perhaps two of them might be disposed as above.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[27.]

