HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,July 3, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The fire has been concentrated upon this point about hour with no great effect. The batteries on our right do not reach us, and in center invariably overshoot us.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, July 3, 1863.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,

President of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

DEAR SIR: I received this evening your communication, covering report of your master of machinery, announcing the completion of the iron-clad cars which you were requested to construct for our better defense of your railroad. The promptness with which this call on you has been met and complied is needed most creditable to your company and its employes. When the alternations suggested by Lieutenant Meigs, engineer, have been made, I desire to confer with you as to the immediate disposition of these iron-clads for effective use.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[27.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, FRENCH'S CORPS,ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Frederick, Md., July 4, 1863.

Lieutenant W. F. A. TORBERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

LIEUTENANT: It affords me great pleasure to report for the information of the major-general commanding that the expediton under Major Folley has been entirely successful. The pontoon bridge is effectually destroyed. The boats were too damp to burn, and they were destroyed. The boats were too damp to burn, and they were destroyed by axes. Its destruction occupied two hors and a half. There were but a lieutenant and sixteen men of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry guarding it, and they have been all captured. The major learning of the laying of another bridge immediately at Willimsport, sent the prisoners here with a guard of twelve men. They came by way of Boonsborough without interruption, and proceeded to Williamsport for the purpose of destroying the bridge in progress there. They captured three wagon loads of ammunition for small-arms, and destroyed it by throwing it into the river. The dept of water at the point where the bridge was destroyed is ten feet. The prisoners say that the pontoonboats destroyed were captured from General McClellan on the Pennisula.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

ANDW. T. McREYNOLDS,

Colonel First New York Cavalry, Commanding.

[27.]

