
During the march some public and private property, principally medical stores, was left under guard at the little village of Mount Gilead for want of transportation, fifteen of the brigade teams having been ordered back to the river for subsistence stores. This property was afterward captured by the enemy, together with the guard left over it. the incident shows the importance of division supply trains, which had not at that time been organized, at least not throughout the army. November 14, General Stoneman having been placed in command of the Third Corps, General Birney took command of the First Division, and I commenced to act as division quartermaster. November 15, the army left Warrenton for Fredericksburg. The Third Corps, taking the road by Bealeton Station, reached Falmouth November 20, and went into camp. On this march through Virginia, extending over a period of twenty days, the division to which I was attached had no engagement with the enemy. At Warrenton the division for the first time recrain. Made up as it was of convalescent horses and unbroken mules, direct from corrals at Washington, it was nevertheless of assistance, and was the beginning of that system which after much experience has at length been reduced to great perfection, and been productive of the most beneficial results. November 20 to December 10 no movement took place. The time was occupied in supplying the division with clothing, none having been received since we left White's Ford. December 10, the first movement against the enemy at Fredericksburg commenced and was disastrously completed by the withdrawal of our army across the Rappahannock on the 16th. During this time the trains were moved down the river a few miles without crossing, but again returned to the old camping ground. Nothing further of importance occurred during the year. December 27, I was transferred to the Second Division, Second Corps, Brigadier-General Howard commanding. January 20, the second attempt to cross the river was commenced, commonly called the "mud march." The Second Corps took no part in that march. From this time to April 27 the army remained in winter quarters. Early in the winter the soldiers had made the usual preparation to protect themselves against the inclemency of the weather, and were very comfortable. Huts of logs plastered with mud and covered with D'Abri tents were the shelter universally adopted. They answered every purpose, and were not unhealthful. The mules and other animals were usually protected by close hedges of pine, mostly uncovered. They not only did not suffer, but grew fat. April 27, commenced the celebrated movement, eventuating in the battle of Chancellorsville and the withdrawal, a second time, of our army from the right bank of the Rappahannock. My division co-operate with the Sixth Corps under General Sedgwick on that occasion. Crossed the river at Fredericksburg, assisted in storming the heights, and was left to guard the town, which, after the disastrous result of the battles at Chancellorsville became known, was again evacuated and the river recrossed. We returned to our old camping ground or near it. May 22, I was assigned by the War Department to the Fifth Corps, Major-General Meade commanding, as chief quartermaster, and entered upon the discharge of my duties there, June 1. June 5, the Fifth Corps (one division having already moved) left Stoneman's switch and was posted along the Rappahannock River to guard the fords from Banks' to Kelly's, draining its supplies partly from Bealeton. June 13, the corps commenced moving northward, passing through Morrisville, Catlett's Station, Manassas Junction, Centerville, Gum Springs, and Aldie, reaching the latter place June 19. While at Aldie, the corps co-operate efficiently

