
ately; if not you will issue as soon as the train comes up with there days' rations to-day.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS D'ARMEE,ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 11, 1863.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send one brigade of your division to relieve a brigade of cavalry (Colonel Huey) on the Boonsborough and Williamsport pike, a little in advance of Jones' Cross-Roads. The cavalry may be already withdrawn except the picket, which is about half a mile in advance of the infantry, picket on the road. Colonel Curtis (on the First Massachusetts Cavalr6y) will be there to point out the position to be occupied. The infantry is merely to hold that position already gained by the cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, July 11, 1863.

Major General J. STAHEL,

Commanding Cavalry Department of the Susquehanna, Harrisburg:

GENERAL: I regret that when you left my command I did not know what disposition would be made of the cavalry. I have seen General Hooker and many of the officers of his command, and they have expressed themselves in the most unqualified praise of the splendid condition of your cavalry. They declared it the best they had ever seen. Their good condition and efficiency are owing to the able manner in which you have commanded them. I can assure you that I parted with you and them with many regrets.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINZELMAN,

Major-General.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 187. July 12, 1863.

1. The brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Tyndale is assigned to the Eleventh Corps, which it will join with as little delay as practicable.

2. The One hundred and twenty-seventh and One hundred and forty-third Regiments New York Volunteers, en route to this army, are assigned to General Tyndale's brigade and will join the Eleventh Corps.

3. The brigade under the command of Brigadier-General Briggs is assigned to the First Corps, which it will join with as little delay as practicable.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

