
6. The following assignments of regiments to the different corps are made, which they will join with as little delay as practicable: One hundred and sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to the First Corps; One hundred and seventy-third Pensylvania Volunteers to the Eleventh Corps; One hundred and seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to the Twelfth Corps; First Battalion New York Sharpshooters to the First Corps.

* * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] JULY 13, 1863-3.15 p. m.

Commanders of corps are hereby directed to advance their line of pickets till the pickets of the enemy are encountered, and report the character of the country in front.

By order of the commanding general:

A. A. HUMPREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Md., July 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Brigade, Third Division, Third Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to assume command of the Third Division, Third Corps, composed of the independent brigades known as Morris', Elliott's, and Smith's brigades. In assuming command of the division you will retain a general supervision over the brigade now commanded by you.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

COLEMAN'S EUATAW HOUSE,

Baltimore, July 13, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: I appeal to your known generous nature and high sense of justice to pardon me for again intruding upon your notice. I am sure if you could see the anguish occasioned me by injustice and forced inactivity amid the mighty drama that is going on from which I have been expelled, you would not repel, but hear me. You stated in your kind letter of the 29th ultimo that primat facie the fault is upon you (me). My official report, which was approved by General Schenck and forwarded by him to General Halleck five days ago, will show conclusively that the fault is not upon me; that I acted strictly in conformity to the orders of Major-General Schenck, and that I am the victim of a prima facie case that has no existence in fact. I pray you look at my report. My desting is in your hands. I ask nothing but justice. Having been denied the privilege of participating in the glorious battle of Gettysburg and that which will complete the destruction of Lee's army, adequate justice cannot now be done me, but do not continue me in the

