
position of a disgraced officer before the country, as unworthy of command. If I cannot be restored to my old command, give me some other. Even that of a crowd of raw niggers would be preferable to this agonizing inactivity, and as a further act of justice I would respectfully ask the privilege of publishing my official report.

I am, Mr. President, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 189. July 14, 1863.

1. The One hundred and thirtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Alfred Gibbs, is assigned to the Fifth Corps, which it will join with as little delay as practicable.

* * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

July 14, 1863-4 a. m.

This corps will be under arms promptly at 7 o'clock this morning, the 14th instant. At that hour precisely a reconnaissance will be commenced by Brigadier-General Wright in front of the position of the corps, to be conducted in conjunction with similar reconnaissances ordered to be made by the Fifth, Second, and Twelfth Corps. The object of these reconnaissances is to obtain a view of the enemy's defensive arrangements, to ascertain the character of the ground, the facilities it affords, and the obstacles it opposes to the movements of troops and artillery, as well as its advantages for offensive and defensive operations. The enemy's pickets, supports, and guards will be driven in until this object is accomplished. If practicable, and should it be necessary, the enemy will be made to display his line of battle. The reconnoitering force will consist of the First Division and two batteries, the artillery to be advanced according to General Wright's disretion.

General Wright will communicate with the general commanding the reconnoitering parties from the Fifth Corps, so as to secure concert of action. The strength, position of defensive works and batteries, the number and arrangements of troops of the enemy, will be carefully noted and a written report made. Colonel Tompkins will direct his batteries to report to Brigadier-General Wright before the hour named. Cavalry is to co-operate on the flanks.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 14, 1863. (Received 10.30 a. m.)

Major-General SEDGWICK:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that it was intended that the reconnoitering force should form the advance in pursuit of the enemy, to be followed by the corps, and in your case by the Eleventh

