
with Pleasonton in his operation against the rebel cavalry. June 26, left Aldie, marching through Leesburg, crossing the Potomac at Edwards Ferry, and camping near the mouth of Monocacy, a march of about twenty miles. June 27, marched to Ballinger's Creek, within three miles of Frederick City. June 28, General Meade assumed command of the army, and the next day the corps, under Major-General Sykes, commenced its march northward, camping that night at Liberty. June 30, continued the march, passing through Uniontown and camped at Union Mills after a march of twenty miles. The corps during the next four days marched to Hanover in Pennsylvania, thence to Gettysburg, where it occupied the extreme left of our line, and took prominent part in the great battle there fought. The trains had been turned back, July 1, from Hanover and sent to Westminister, twenty-three miles from Gettysburg, where they remained till after the battle, and again rejoined the corps at Middletown. This brings me to the end of the fiscal year and consequently of my narrative.*

W. H. OWEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster of Volunteers.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, U. S. Army,

Quartermaster-General.

[11, 12, 19, 25, 27.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Miller, First Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters, I respectfully report the part taken by his regiment in the battles of Allen's Farm, Savage Station, Nelson's Farm, and Malverton:

Colonel Sully having been placed in command of the brigade, owing to the illness of General Gorman, I took command of the regiment. Early in the morning of the 29th ultimo we took up our line of march from Fair Oaks, and fell back to Allen's farm, when the enemy attacked us in force. For several hours, and until he retired, our artillery and infantry were hotly engaged. Here my regiment supported the Rhode Island battery, and was considerably exposed to the shells of the enemy, which it sustained with its usual coolness and gallantry. From this point we started about noon for Savage Station, distant about two miles, where we rested until about 4.30 or 5 p. m., when the enemy again commenced a fierce and terrible attack with artillery and infantry. General Sedgwick directed me to follow General Burns, who was gallantry advancing across the field to meet the foe, and to hold my regiment about one hundred and fifty yards behind his line of battle as a support. It soon became evident that he was being outflanked upon the left, and under his directions I advanced to that position on his line under a most galling fire of shell and musketry, which was returned with great effect. In a few moments my left, too, was outflanked, when I threw seven of my companies at nearly right angles with the line of battle, extending one to the left and advancing another to the front as skirmishers; and held the ground until the Vermont regiment advanced to our assistance. Here we remained, slightly changing our position as circumstances required, until dark, when, the

---------------

*The remainder of this report, relating specially to administrative duties, &amp;c., is omitted.

---------------

