
since General Meade took the command. As to not attacking the enemy prior of leaving his stroghold beyond the Antietam, it is by no means certain that the repulse of Gettysburg might not have been turned upon us. At any rate the commanding general was in favor of an immediate attack, but with the evident difficulties in our way, the uncertaining of a success, ans the strong conviction of our best military minds against the risk, I must say that I think the general acted wisely. As to my request to mak a reconnaissance on the morning of the 14th which the papers state was refused, the facts are that the general had required me to reconnoiter the evening before and give my opinion, as to the practicability of making a lodgment on the enemy's left, and his answer to my subsequent request was that the movements he had already ordered would subserve the same purpose. We have, if I may be allowed to say it, a commanding general in whom all the officers with whom I have come in contact express complete confidence. I have said this much because of the censure and of the misrepresentations which have grown out of the escape of Lee's army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[27.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

July 19, 1863.

The corps will move to-morrow a. m., the 29th instant, at 4 o'clock in the following order: Second Division, General Robinson; battalion sharpshooters, Captain Arnold; First Division, General Cutler; Artillery Brigade, Colonel Wainwright; Third Division, General Kenly; ambulance train; ammunition train; baggage train. The route of march will be indicated in the morning. The regiment from the Second Division now on duty with the wagon train will so remain until relieved by order from these headquarters.

By command of Major General John Newton:

WM. RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

July 22, 1863.

This corps will move immediately in the direction of Recktown to the crossing of the Aldie and Ashby's Gap pike, and encamp on the ground now occupied by the Fifth Corps. Brigadier-General Bartlett will take the advance, starting immediately upon receipt of this order. Brigadier-General Wright and Brigadier-General Howe and Colonel Tompkins will follow in the order named. The infantry will as far as practicable march on the side iof the road. The wagon trains will follow the artillery.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

July 22, 1863.

The troops of this command will be in readiness to move as soon as the men have had their breakfast. A staff officer will report to these

