
headquarters when the troops are an readiness to move. The order of march will be as follows: General Cutler, commanding First Division, will proceed to Warrenton with the wagon train, via New Baltimore; Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery, will detail one battery to report to General Cutler; the Second and Third Divisions, with two batteries in the center of each, will proceed to Warrenton by the direct road.

Division commanders will at once recall all parties now out of camp.

By command of Major General John Newton:

EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 169. Warrenton, Va., July 25, 1863.

1. Pursuant to instructions which have been received from the General-in-Chief, the Second, Fifth and Twelfth Regiments of New Hampshire Volunteers are placed under the orders of Brigadier General G. Marston for duty in Saint Mary's District, Md. It is the intention of the General-in-Chief that these regiments shall return to this army as soon as they are filled up with drafter men.

* * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,

July 22, 1863.

The troops of this command will be under arms ready to move at daylight this morning. The men will be wakened in time to have coffee before morning. The following will be the order of march: Second Division, with one regiment interplated with every fifty wagons; Colonel Wainwright will order one battery to repot to General Robinson; General Robinson will throw out an advance guard ahead of the column; battalion sharpshooters; Third Division; four batteries; First Division. The ambulances of each division will accompany their divisions. A staff officer will report to these headquarters when the troops or in readiness to move.

By command of Major General John Newton:

E. C. BAIRD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

July 25, 1863.

The corps will move together at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning: Second and Third Divisions on the right and left of the road; First Division with two brigades on one side, and one brigade on the other side of the road; artillery occupying the road, the leading battery marching in line with the heads of the infantry column; ambulances following artillery; ammunition train coming next, and the order of march for the rest in accordance with circular of July 22. The artillery, ambulances, and trains will not be governed by the movements of the

