
infantry columns, but will advance steadily upon the road, making to halts other than those which occur from necesary.

By command of Major-General French:

W. F. A. TORBERT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, Numbers 77. July 31, 1863.

The corps will move to-morrow as follows: The Second Division punctually at 5 a. m. to Rappahannock Station; arrived there, the commanding officer is particularly cautioned not to allow any display which would indicate to the enemy the presence of a force in the vicinity. The First Division will move at 5 a. m. to Beverly Ford, taking position there. The Third Division will move at 6 a. m. to Bealton, guarding the railroad from Rappahannock Station to Warrenton Junction, and garrisoning the block-houses along the line, leaving one regiment here as guard to the general supply train. The artillery here will march at 5 a. m., following the First Division. Arrived at Bealeton, the battery there will join in the column. The battery at Rappahannock Station will remain there. The trains of the corps will be parked at Bealeton, with the exception of the ammunition and necessary baggage wagons for the different divisions and brigade headquarters, which will follow the divisions. The ambulances will accompany each division.

By command of Major-General Newton:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[27.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1863.

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move your division to Elk Run to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. On your arrival at Elk Run one brigade of your division will proceed to Bristensburg. TYhe commandant of the Artillery Brigade has been directed to furnish one battery to accomapany you. The Eleventh Corps is to occupy Greenwich, Bristone Station. Brentsville, and a point on Cedar Run for or five miles from the railroad. Your brigade at Bristensburg will connect with the detachment at the point on Cedar Run by pickets and patrols. You will conncet by pickets and patrols between Elk Run and Bristersburg, and the division remaining here will connect with you at Elk Run. Depots are established at Warrenton Junction and Bealeton. One division of the First Corps is at Bealeton and on the railroad between Warrenon Junction and the river. Herewith is inclosed a copy of the special instructions for your guidance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[27.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Warrenton, Va., July 31, 1863.

The following movements of the corps will take place with as little delay as practicable:

I. The First Division will move to Sulpur Springs and encamp between that point and Sandy Ford, picketing the river connecting

