
enemy having been driven back, we were ordered to resume our march. That gallant officer, General Burns, said to me on the next day, "Your regiment did nobly, sir," and I heartily concur in the sentiment. On June 30, at the battle of Nelson's Farm, my regiment was marched and countermarched, sometimes at double-quick, to different points of attack, and finally, under direction of General Dana, about sunset, the men threw away their knapsacks, blankets, &amp;c., and charged upon the foe at a point in the edge of the wood which had just been abandoned by another Union regiment. We took the ground, and occupied the front of the line, under a heavy and continuous fire. Here we were attacked upon my right about dark by, as we learned from wounded prisoners, the Sixteenth North Carolina Regiment, but a few well-directed rounds from my line in that vicinity caused the enemy to hastily retire, with considerable loss. At midnight, in obedience to instructions, I withdrew. At Malverton, on July 1, my regiment was for a considerable time under a heavy fire of shot and shell, after which it was placed in front in line of battle, and occupied the position until the next morning, when we were marched to this vicinity. I append a list of casualties to the regiment (during the three days named), a detail of which will be forwarded as soon as practicable. With a few exceptions our entire loss occurred at Savage Station. Killed, 6; wounded, 47; missing, 37; total, 90. To my officers and men I feel deeply indebted for the coolness, courage, and patience exhibited under the many trying circumstances through which we have just passed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DANIEL HEBARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Gorman's Brigade.

[11.]

Reports of Colonel R. Biddle Roberts and Major Lemuel Todd, First Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations June 26-30.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,July 4, 1862.

COLONEL: In accordance with directions received from the general commanding, I have the honor to report the following particulars of the engagement which occurred on the afternoon of June 26 at Beaver Creek Dam:

During the course of the morning of that day four of the companies, to wit, Company B (Captain Barton), Company H (Captain Dwin), Company I (Captain Kaufman), and Company K (Lieutenant Salder, commanding), had been sent forward under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire as a fatigue party to work upon rifle-pits near Mechanicsville, taking with them their arms and accouterments only, and Companies C (Lieutenant Coates) and F (Lieutenant Huddleson) were engaged completing an earth-work in front of Captain De Hart's battery. Company A (Captain Hooton) being absent at General McCall's headquarters, I was left with but three companies, to wit: Company D (Captain Hess), Company E (Captain Neff), and Company G (Captain Dobson). About 2 o'clock I received direction from General Reynolds to call in the companies under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire. The order was sent to them by the adjutant, and I

