
opened a heavy and continuous fire of rifles and musketry. Directly opposite on the road was a battery of two guns, brass 6-pounders, which were well served, firing shot and shell with great rapidity. In the rear of the guns was built a breast- work to protect the guns in case of a charge or an attempt to carry them off. One of these guns was soon silenced by the effective and heavy fire kept up by the regiments named above. The Thirteenth Regiment was divided, five companies being detached under Lieutenant- Colonel Heffren to guard the flank of our position, while five companies under my own command moved forward toward the position of the rebels. Driving the enemy before us as we advanced, my command was again divided. One portion under my lead, composed of Company A, Captain Dobbs; Company B, Captain Wilson; Company H, Captain Clinton, charged up the hill, while two companies under command of Major Foster- Company E, Captain Kirkpatrick, and Company G, Captain Sayles- charged down the road to turn their flank. While charging down the road they met a re-enforcement for the rebels under command of Captain Skipwith and Lieutenant Dorset, numbering some fifty men, with a brass 6-pounder. After Hain and several men dead on the field and Lieutenant Dorset and the gun in our possession. The companies under my command were during this time engaged in a hand- to- hand fight in the woods, routing the rebels, who fled, leaving 32 dead and numbers wounded, my loss amounting to 6 killed and 8 wounded (whose names you have in paper inclosed).*

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the e men engaged in the fight. The number of the dead and wounded bears testimony of the determined foe they encountered, while their being victorious is sufficient evidence that hey did their duty. I would notice specially the conduct of the officers, every one of them fighting at the head of their companies. To my adjutant, C. H. Ross, I am indebted for valuable assistance, and I would also notice that he was with Major Foster's command when the cannon under Captain Skipwith was captured. I would also all your attention to Private Benjamin Smith, Company H, who killed a rebel while in the act of firing upon you as you charged with my command upon their position. That portion of the regiment left to guard the flank was the principal mark of the rebels' cannon, several round shot and shell falling directly among them, fortunately doing no injury.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

[Big. General W. S. ROSECRANS.]

[2.]

Reports of Lieutenant Orlando M. Poe, U. S . Topographical Engineers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 18, 1861.

SIR: In accordance with you directions I have the honor to submit the following report upon the operations of the Topographical Department in from of the enemy's position at Rain Mountain and in explanation of the sketch forwarded to the Bureau of Topographical Engineers under date of Augsut 6, 1861;

The fight at Rich Mountain took place at the crest, where the Parkersburg and Staunton turnpike crosses, at whichpoint the enemy had

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

