
rely exclusively upon the bayonet. When the order to charge on the enemy was given, owing to a misapprehension of the order of three left companies charged toward the left along with a portion of the Fifth Regiment, and drove the enemy out of the woods, completely routing them and taking a number of prisoners. The remaining six companies (Company A not being with the regiment) charged the enemy as they advanced on Cooper's battery, and drove them back into the woods on the right of the battery, after which they retired to their original position. On the enemy approaching a second time, they charged again, and a second time drove them back into the woods, and again retired to their first position. When the enemy approached in force against the battery on the right of the regiment the third charge was made against them, with like effect as the others. Before the regiment could rally they were attacked on the left flank by a large force and compelled to retire. The three left companies were under the command of Major L. Todd and the six companies under command of Colonel R. Biddle Roberts, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire. During the entire engagement both officers and men behaved with gallantry and courage. I regret to say that the regiment suffered severely among its officers, many of them being wounded and others supposed to be killed, as they are missing and of whom we have no account. Previous to the engagement the regiment was out on picket duty about two miles in front of the battle-field, and discovered the enemy advancing in force, when they retired to camp and took the position assigned them in the action. I append a list of the losses.* I make the foregoing report in the absence of Colonel Roberts, who is not on duty by reason of sickness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEML. TODD,

Major, Commanding First Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William McCandless, Second Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations June 26-30.
HDQRS. 2nd Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,July 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in the engagement of the 26th instant at Mechanicsville the Second Regiment occupied and maintained the right of the brigade immediately on the right flank of Captain Cooper's battery, and on line therewith, sustaining the following losses, viz, killed, 7; wounded, 1 lieutenant and 33 men (34); missing, 7, out of a force of 371 men, the whole force engaged. In the action of the 27th instant, held at Gaines' Mill, the Second Regiment was ordered by General Reynolds into a wood upon our left, from which a number of regiments had been repulsed earlier in the day. The officers and men maintained their ground manfully for some time against the gallaing cross fire of a largely superior force of the rebels, but were finally forced to retire into the open field, when the regiment was again driven back to the rear of our camp, sustaining a loss of, killed, 4; in wounded, 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 22 men (24); missing, 20, out of an aggregate force of 321 men engaged. In the action of yesterday, 30th instant,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 11 killed, 85 wounded, and 38 missing.

---------------

