
the regiment was formed in line of battle on the left in the woods in the rear of Captain Cooper's battery. The rebels having forced back our lines, we were ordered forward, and advanced up the hill beyond the battery and formed line in rear of some rising ground. At this point, attempting to charge the rebels in the woods, the line was broken and the regiment hurled back to its original position, where it formed, along with broken fragments of other regiments, and maintained its fire until relieved by others. The list of the casualties were 2 men killed; 1 major, 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 26 men wounded (30); missing, 51, out of an aggregate force of 278 engaged, leaving now in line for duty 195. This is a detailed list of casualties, as far as I have been informed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM McCANDLESS,

Lieutenant Colonel Commanding Second Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps.

Captain CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seymour's Brigade.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. Fisher, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations June 26-30.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES,July 4, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with Orders, Numbers -, I have the honor to submit the following statement of the position and work of this regiment in the recent battles near Richmond:

On Thursday, 26th of June, the Fifth Regiment, in connection with the First Rifles (usually denominated Bucktails), were detailed for picket along the Chickahominy. Early in the day the enemy made his appearance on the right of our line, when a brisk skirmishing was commenced and [kept] up until the afternoon, when the two regiments retired to Beaver Run, a small stream north of Mechanicsville. Our regiment was posted along the margin of a piece of woodland. Skirmishers were thrown out in front and one company posted in a rudely constructed rifle-pit a little to the right and front of our right flank. I was put in command of the skirmishers and rifle pit. About 3.30 o'clock the enemy made his appearance in large force, when a terrific fire was opened and kept up until after dark, when the enemy retired, leaving large numbers of killed and wounded on the field. The Fifth Regiment lost in this engagement 7 killed, 64 wounded, and 12 missing. It would be hard to make any distinction in reporting the conduct of officers and men in this engagement, as all behaved with the most consummate coolness and bravery. Our regiment lay down on the field just in rear of our line of battle, but received an order about midnight to march, which we did, and halted at Gaines' Hill and participated in the battle of 27th ultimo. Our regiment was ordered to take a position near the right, which we took and held for nearly four hours under a heavy fire of the enemy, our officers and men behaving with great coolness and courage. We were kept under fire until our ammunition was exhausted, when our right flank was attacked by a brigade of the enemy and we were forced to retire, which we did in good order. In this engagement we lost: Killed, 5, among which was Captain R. W. Sturrock, Company F; wounded, 43; missing, 8. Most of our missing in both engagements have since returned. At the battle of the 30th ultimo the Fifth Regiment again occupied an important position. Col-

