
leaving it open for artillery and such vehicles as are mentioned in general orders. Upon approaching the ford they will prepare for resistance from the right. After crossing the ford the leading division commander will take such position (in the absence of specific orders from the corps commander) as will enable the other divisions to cross. Their position will be relievd successively until the Sixth Corps crosses, when all of the corps will proceed by the route indicated on the map toward Robertson's Tavern. Each division must adhere to the threeline formation, first and second lines deployed, third line in column of attack ready to move any point. Division commanders will connect with each other toward the ford, if attacked. It is the intention of the corps commander (in the absence of instructions to the contrary) to keep his corps in the advance, should the disposition of the enemy forwarned make it practicable. The chief of artillery will select such positions for his batteries at the ford as may be necessary, also as the troops advance, demae support from the nearest division commander. The headquarters of the corps will be at the ford near Jacobs' Mill. Division commanders will be careful to have their poineers in front in readiness for duty on the road when called upon.

By command of Major-General French:

O. H. HART,

[29.] Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Paoli Mills, Va., November 23, 1863.

Brigadier General J. J. BARTLETT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the corps will move at a very early hour to-morrow morning, 24th instant. Have everything ready so that there will be no delay. the order of march will be as follows: Third Division, Second Division, First Division, artillery. It is important that the movement should be kept as quiet as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy furnished General Ayres, Second Division; General Crawford, Third Division; Captain Martin, Artillery Brigade.)

[29.]

PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

November 23, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer:

Nothing to report as yet this a. m.

[29.] TAYLOR.

PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

November 23, 1863-5 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Good view this p. m. of enemy's camps opposite Raccoon and Morton's Fords, and in direction Orange Court-House. All quiet; no

