
onel Simmons, of the Fifth Regiment, was in command of the First Brigade in place of General Reynolds, who had been taken prisoner on the 27th. The command of the regiment was intrusted to me. Soon after the battle commenced, I was ordered to charge the enemy's right with parts of the Fifth, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Regiments. The charge was made, the enemy routed, and over 100 prisoners taken. The troops engaged in the charge were rallied and placed in position to make another dash at the enemy, but before this could be done the enemy came on us in such overwhelming force as to compel us to retire. In this encounter the Fifth lost several valuable officers and men. Among the former were the gallant Colonel S. G. Simmons, of the Fifth Pennsylvania Reserves, who fell while gallantly urging and leading his men to the work; Captain James Taggart, Company B, Fifth regiment; Captain Thomas Chamberlain, Company D; Captain John McCleery, Company H; Lieutenant Riddle, Company F; Lieutenant McFadden, Company D; Lieutenant Hildebrand, Company G, all whom were severely wounded and missing - probably afterward taken prisoners. Our loss in killed is 5; wounded, 67; missing 59. Many of the wounded and missing are undoubtedly since dead. Here again our officers and men behaved most admirably. I cannot but mention as deserving particular notice Major Dare, of the Fifth, to whom as much as to any other is due the splendid success of the charge on the right. Adjutant Mason, although severely wounded, remained at his post during the entire day, doing his duty faithfully. Aggregate killed, wounded, and missing in three engagements, 270.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FISHER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserves.

Captain J. C. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry B. McKean, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations June 28 - July 1.
HDQRS. 6TH Regiment INFTY., PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Harrison's Landing, July 10, 1862.

SIR: In reply to circular just received from division headquarters, requiring a report of the action of regiments, &amp;c., I have to state that the Sixth Regiment participated in no engagement recently. The regiment was stationed at Tunstall's from the 15th day of June to the 28th of the same month, except that the left wing was detached on the 19th and placed on duty at White House Landing. on the 28th the battalion at Tunstall's received orders from General Stoneman to retire to White House. It reached the landing about 6 o'clock that evening. Here the whole regiment embarked upon a steam transport and proceeded down the Pamunkey and York Rivers to Fortress Monroe, and thence up James River to Harrison's Landing, where it arrived Tuesday evening, July 1, 1862.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McKEAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES C. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

8 R R - VOL LI, PT I

