HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,December 5, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have directed Captains Sweitzer and Clark to make written reports of their reconnaissances and information of the movements of the enemy last night and to-day, as to the movements of their trains, &amp;c. Captain Leib, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, has just sent in a messanger. He has advanced to within two miles and a half of James City, and was stille pushing on. The enemy had been at that place this morning, but the messenger, a sodier, does not know in what force, how composed, or the direction of their line of march. I will send the information as fast as I get it to your office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Myres heard and made a note of all the information learned from Captains Sweitzer and Clark relative to the movemnts of the enemy for the information of the general.

A. G.

DECEMBRE 5, 1863-6.20 p. m.

General W. MERRITT,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Captain Leib, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, has just sent in another messenger. He reports that his advance had reached within half a mile of James City, and found the enemy there, apparently in pretty large force, judging from the number of camp-fires. He had been reached by Lieutenant Murphy, the officer you directed to be sent after him, and was, in compliance with the orders sent to him, going, when the messenger left, in the direction of Madison Court-House. His messages are all verbal, so I cannot send them to you, but I give them verbatim. Nothing was said about any wagons.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

[29.] Colonel, &c.

NEAR SOMERVILLE FORD,

December 5, 1863-10 a. m.

Lieutenant GAMALIEL S. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The enemy crossed some force at Somerville Ford and made a descent on the pickets of the Second New York, cpaturing one or two, and the balanc at that point fell back on us, reporting the enemy crossing, as I reported this morning. I was not informed at that time of the particulars, but sent in the reports as received, and came down here after making preparatious contest the picket-line. There is evidently no advance contemplated. I will inform you further if anything ocurs. The Second New York have not yet resumed their former picket-line. Nothing was seen yesterday toward Rapidan Station except two horsemen in the distance.

Yours, very respectfully,

D. R. CLENDENIN,

[29.] Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

