
Report of Captain Daniel S. Porter, Eleventh Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations June 27-30.
HDQRS. 11TH. Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,July 10, 1862.

My report of the 6th instant embraced the casualties of the regiment as nigh as could be ascertained. On the 27th day of June, 1862, as our regiment was marching to the battle-ground, I was detailed with my company to put helves into 500 axes. On this account I know nothing personally of the operations or position of the regiment in the battle. But from the best information received, the Eleventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, in connection with the Fourth New Jersey Regiment, at about 5 o'clock in the evening, relieved the Third Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, in the woods. After this I can learn nothing 600 men of our regiment are missing in this battle, including the field officers and all the line officers, except myself and Lieutenants Sloan, Stewart, and Mills. Captain Louden, of Company C, was absent at home sick. In the battle of Monday, June 30, 1862, I took about 106 men into action. These I divided into two companies, Lieutenant Sloan commanding the left company and myself the right. We were placed on the left of the Seventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, and acted under command of Colonel Harvey. The Eleventh Regiment became engaged in the action about 5 p. m. The Eleventh and Seventh Regiments were stationed about ten places in rear of the Fourth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, which was immediately in rear of the battery. Shortly after the action commenced the Seventh and Eleventh Regiments marched to the right of the Fourth Regiment and moved down in column by division toward the woods in front. In this position a charge bayonet was made. The men became scattered and confused. However, they rallied on the colors of the Seventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps. They then fell back in pretty good order to the battery. The Fourth then advanced to the front. The Seventh and Eleventh in a short time made another charge with better success. Every inch was contested. My boys only left the field when night put an end to the fray. Out of 106 men of the Eleventh Regiment who went into this action, 34 are either killed, wounded, or missing. This, I believe, embodies the principal positions and operations of the Eleventh Regiment, Pennsyorps, in the actions of June 27 and 30, 1862.

I am, your obedient servant,

DAN S. PORTER,

Captain, Commanding Eleventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps.

General SEYMOUR.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Eben G. Scott, Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations June 26-27.

CAMP NEAR JAMES RIVER, VA., July 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to lay before you the following report of the movements of Battery C, Fifth Regiment Artillery, U. S. Army, Captain H. V. De Hart commanding, in the actions of the 26th and 27th of June, 1862:

In the action of 26th of June, 1862, the battery opened fire upon the enemy about 5 p. m. and ceased firing about 8.30 p. m. Its position

