
Colonel George D. Walles, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, First Division, has exercised such command for about six months. Colonel William P. Maulsby, First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade Maryland Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, in command about six months. Colonel R. S. Rodgers, Second Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, in command three months. Colonel J. M. Campbell, Firty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, has command a brigade for nearly a year. Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First Virginia Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, has commanded a brigade in the department six months, and formerly commanded a brigade in 1862, under Major-General McDowell. Colonel N. Willkinson, Sixth Virginia Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, has commanded a brigade for a year. Colonel R. B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Third Division; time, one year. In the Foruth Division, Brigadier-General Averell, three colonels command brigades: Colonel J. H. Oley, Seventh Virginia Cavalry; Colonel J. M. Schoonmaker, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Colonel T. M. Harris, Tenth Virginia Infantry, the latter succeeding Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eight Ohio, recently dismissed. This division has only just been organized, and none of the officers named have heretofore commmanded brigades. I recommend for brevet, Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Volunteers; Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First Virginia Volunteers; Colonel J. M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Colonel George D. Wells, Thirty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers. Colonel Mulligan is recommended because of his distinguished services at Lexington, Mo., in 1861, and because of the military ability, energy, and promptitude displayed by him since serving in Virginia. He commanded a brigade in my old division, serving almost under my eye, and in all instances has rendered complete satisfaction. His knowledge of the country, and his ability to command, has in my judgment eminently fitted him for the command of the Second Division, comprising the troops on line of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, ant points in the interior from Hancock, Md., west to the Ohio River. Colonel Thoburn I regard as an accomplished officer and in every way worthy for a higher rank. He served gallantly at the battle of Winchester, where he was severely wounded while leading his regimnet; afterward under Generals Shields and McDowell in the Valley campaing, and more recently in this department while operating with his column in Highland County, in concert with General Averell on the Salem raid, and while in command at Petersburg, W. Va., when that point was threatened by the rebel forces. Colonel Campbell has always been prompt and efficient, has had considerable experience, and is regarded as brave and reliable, and in my judgment worthy of a brevet. Colonel Wells commanded the column which, acting in concert with General Averell, moved up the Shenandoah Valley in December, and on that occasion exhibited great address and ability. It is understood that he severed with distinction since the war began in different positions in the Army of the Potomac, and has certainly sustained a good reputation for discipline and ability since he has been serving in this department. In the cases of Colonels Hayes and White, my personal knowledge is limited, but Brigadier-General Scammon, commanding Third Division, awards them both high praise. They both participated in the battle of South Mountain, and were both distinguished for good conduct at that battle. Colonel Hayes, then

