
such ambulances as may be absolutely required for the troops and such light wagons as are needed for the various headquarters.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

[33.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MAGRUDER, February 5, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

My judgment is that Sedgwick should move at once. Anything is good, but immediately is best. All was concentrated here nicely and after dark.

I. J. WISTAR,

[33.] Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR. DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 59. Washington, February 6, 1864.

* * * *

63. Lieutenant Colonel A. Cady, Seventh U. S. Infantry, will proceed without delay to New Haven, Conn., and relieve Brigadier General L. C. Hunt, U. S. Volunteers, in command of depot for dreafted men at that place. On being relieved General Hunt will comply with the requirements of paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 571, December 24, 1863, from this office.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,[33.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

February 6, 1864.

The corps will move at 7 a. m. to-day, February 6, with three days' rations and forage, without distrubing camp, and leaving sufficient guards for the protection of property and trains. The march will be on the Morton Ford road to the Rapidan in the following order of troops: Third Division, General Hayes; three rifle batteries, Lieutenant-Colonel Monroe; First Division, General Caldwell; Second Division, General Webb. The other batteries will remain in camp and guard the property, &amp;c., of those that accompany the troops. The entire picket-line will remain in its present position, the Fourth Brigade of the First Division remaining in support. Colonel Powers' brigade will join his division (Third) on the road. General Hays will notify Colonel Powers to that effect. Twelve ambulances will accompany each division and three the Artillery Brigade. Division and brigade headquarters are authorized to take light wagons for their own use. Officer commanding guards left behind will hold themselves in readiness for movement if required, and will be held personally accountable for the exercise of the umost vigilance against guerrillas and stragglers. The trains will remain in their present parks, ready for movement if required.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

[33.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

