
GETTY'S STATION, Febraury 16, 1864.

Major-General BUTER:

I have strengthened my outpost with the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers, which I consider neccesary to guard all the approaches and prevent a surprise. With their present strength they can hold the position against a much lerger force. I visited Currituck last week, and believe that a regiment of infantry and one of cavalry is all that is needed to protect that line. The One hundred ad thirty-ninth New York, with Colonel Garrard's or Cole's regiment of cavalry, can be posted so as to guard the approaches and protect the canal as efficiently as do the three regiments of infantry now assigned to that duty.

Yours, respectfully,

C. A. HECKMAN,

[33.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Febraury 18, 1864.

General A. A HUMPHREYS, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: On July 1, 1862, you informed me at Malvern house that you had been directed by General McClellan to place the troops in position for battle and requested me to go with to look for positions for the artillery. I accordingly accompanied you.

We had passed the artillery positions overlooking the valley on the left and had nearly reached the lane near the wood, afterward occupied by General Butterfield's brigade, when we met General Barnard, coming from the front. He was stopped and informed of the duty on which you were engaged and asked to join us.

After a moment's hesitation he did so, and accompanied us to Couch's position. Whilst you were coversing with General C[ouch] and looking at the ground, I went forward, accompanied, I think, by General Howe, to look for positions for the batteries.

After you had given directions here we proceeded toward the right, and when we had passed over about half a mile, General McClellan was sent following us. I went back to near where he was, and I believe General Barnard left you there. You continued on your work and I rejoined and remained with you until we reached the wooded ground which descends into the valley of the James. Here I separated from you to examine the roads and approaches and search positions from guns, and as you continued on the main line of battale, I did not again join you.

I am positive in my recollections that General Barnard joined us after you had commenced you work, and after being informed of your orders and purposes. The circumstance was impressed upon my mind, as I subsequently heard if asserted by General Woodbury that General B[arnard] had selected the position and posted the troops on that field. I stated the foregioing facts to him in proof of his being mistaken in the matter.

Respectfully, your obedient servnat,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

[33.] Late Commanding Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.

