
GETTY'S STATION, Febraury 19, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

The company of cavalry sent on reconnaissance to South Mills have returned. They went as far as the Pasquotank and report that no rebels have been in that section except four cavalry for the purpose of arresting some person excepted from Nortfolk with a pass. I have been unable to get any word to or from General Ledlie until 3.15 p. m. I have ordered General Ledlie to have the Ninety-eighth and Eighty-first [New York] at Nortfolk to-morrow*.

C. A. HECKMAN,

[33.] Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORANGE, N. J., February 22, 1864.

General A. A HUMPHREYS,

CHief of Staff:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 13th reached me on Saturday. It recalls to my memory circumstances which had passed from it, and I regret that it was not received at a much earlier day. I remember that instructions were given to you in regard to positing the troops at Malvern, and most distinclty the fact of your reporting to me as you state. I remember also that when I rode around the position in the morning, accompanied by general officers, I saw you and your party on my right (I was probably a couple of hundred yards outside of you) engaged in your work. The statement in my report that I gave the orders to Barnard was based chiefly on hi report. My impression has been that you two acted in co-operation. I would be glad if you would tell me somewhat in detail the circumstances attending the giving of the orders to you at 2 a. m., that I may have everything possible to refresh my memory. I think I have in New York a memorandum in Colburn's handwriting of the chief evets of that night, which I will look for to-morrow.

I would be glad to hear from you again as soon as practicable, that I may make the necessary correction in the second edition of the New York reprint of my report, and shall also be glad to make necessary official correction.

I regert that a second coase has thus occurrd of unintentional error in regard to yourself.

With my kindest regards to General Meade, I am, general, very truly, yours.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,February 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General EUSTIS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: You will please have your command in readiness to move to-morrow morning with five days' rations (four on the person and one in wagons) and forty rounds of ammunition. One ambulance to a regiment will accompnay the troops. None but the sick and weak men

---------------

* This in reply to Shaffer's dispatch, VOL. XXXIII, p. 576.

---------------

