
was in front of the Hudson house, behind a partially finished parapet, a mile east of Mechanicsville. After the range had been obtained the firing proceeded with rapidity will it ceased, and with the effect of repelling the several attacks made upon it by the enemy. No movements were made, except that the right section, under First Lieutenant E. G. Scott, was sent about fifty roads to the right, where it remained until relieved by a section of Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and that Lieutenant G. V. Weir was sent to the front and left with one piece, which under his direction did good service. The bearing of the officers and men in this engagement deserves the highest credit. For casualties reference is respectfully made to my report of July 5, 1862. The command slept upon the field, and retired in good order at 3 a. m. June 27, 1862. In the action of June 27, 1862, the battery remained in its first position till about midday, when it took a position upon the bluff, where it could sweep the plain beneath and the woods in front. It was then near the extreme left of the line. About 6 p. m. it changed its position about eighty rods to the right, and entered the engagement in its position on the right of the artillery brigade of McCall's division. for some ten minutes after coming into battery the firing could not commence on account of the dense mass of fugitives that filled the space in front of the guns between the battery and the woods. This undoubtedly gave to the enemy an advantage which they were not slow to take, to which becamty to retake. After the firing commenced it continued uninterruptedly till forced to cease. Canister and spherical case were used, with a great preponderance of the former, and with the effect of driving back the enemy with great loss and confusion from his repeated charges. For some time before the firing ceased the smoke became so packed before the guns as to preclude the possibility of aiming, and this, too, gave the enemy an advantage of conducting his movements unseen - an advantage which resulted in his flanking the battery, capturing several pieces, and driving the remainder from the field. At 6.30 p. m. the three pieces and caissons that remained of the battery had retreated, owing to the battery being flanked upon the left and the object of a musketry fire that rendered its further movements impossible. Had the infantry supports maintained their position the battery could not have been taken, and even as it was the day might not have been lost to us had not our own cavalry, whom we at first took to be that of the enemy, rushed in disgraceful flight pell-mell through our intervals while we were changing front to a position whence we could sweep the field. After retreating three-quarters of a mile two pieces again went into battery and assisted in checking the pursuit by their fire of shell. Here, by order of Brigadier-General Seymour, the commanding officer, Lieutenant E. G. Scott, in place of Captain H. V. De Hart, wounded, reported to Captain Smead, Fifth U. S. Artillery. Of the bearing of the officers and men in this action the commanding officer cannot speak too highly. Not a man flinched or wavered or made the first motion toward retiring till the order of retreat was given, and then such as had pieces left withdrew in good order with them, and such as had not attached themselves to the detachments that had, this being the more creditable to them from the few examples of like action being set by the crowd around them. In view of the above remarks I trust I may not be deemed inconsistent in calling attention to the courage and coolness of Lieutenant G. V. Weir, not only during the action, but as displayed on the retreat by doing his utmost by voice and example to stay the panic, and by his placing the two guns alluded to above in battery and shelling the enemy till the

