
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Robertson's River, March 1, 1864.

The corps will march to-morrow, starting at 7 a. m., in the direction of its former camp. General Eustis will take the advance with the trains of the corps following his advance brigade. Colonel Tompkins, with two batteries and the occasion of three, will follow General Eustis. General Wright, with one battery without its caissons, will bring up the rear. Care will be taken that all pickets and house guards are withdraw in time.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. McMAHON,

[33.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,March 5, 1864.

Birg. General C. A. HECKMAN,

Commanding near Suffolk, Va.:

Telegram received. Will have re-enforcements to you this eveing. General Birney, with a regiment, will land within and hour at Portsmouth. You will be heavily re-enfroced to-morrow with 2,000 of Kilpatrick's cavalry and Duncan's brigade.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

[33.] Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,March 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General BIRNEY,

At Wharf on Board Steamer Daniel Westber at Portsmouth, Va.:

An attack being thretened on our lines above Portsmouth, you will land your forces and proceed to report to Brigadier-General Heckman for orders. The exigencies of the service, in my jedgment, demand this detention of your force.

BENJ. F. BULTER,

[33.] Major-General, Commanding.

ON BOARD STEAMER FROM CHERRYSTONE,

TO FORTRESS MONROE,

March 5, 1864-4 p. m.

General BULTER,

Commanding at Fortress Monroe, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I take the liberty to send you an account of a little matter that happened at Cherrystone this morning. I left my boath, the Iolas, at the light-house last evening, and camp on shore on business; found the telegraph both ways out of order, and I had to remain at Cherrystone. Mr. Dunn, the telegraph operator, kindly furnished me with a sleeping place, and we sat up late, he having much business to attend to. We retired at about 3.30 a. m., and avout an hour later we were all taken prisoners, including, I believe, six men of the guard on the wharf. We were kept till my boath came in, about 7 o'clock. They took possession of her kept her till the Titan came in. They then exchanded boats, after taking all they wanted from my boat, and taking my bound for $10,000; took register and papers, flag, &c., with all my money, clothing, &c., and three of my (colored) crew, and before leaving injured the marchinery so that my boat could not follow them. They paroled me with the balance of my crew; also the operator, who

