
pursuit was stopped. I would likewise respectfully call attention to the soldier-like conduct of the non-commissioned officers. For casualties, I refer respectfully to my report of July 5, 1862.*

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. G. SCOTT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery C, Fifth Artillery, U. S. Army.

Captain CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seymour's Division.

[11.]

Memorandum of Captain James Thompson, Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations June 30.+

CAMP OF COMPANY G, SECOND ARTILLERY,

Near Harrison's Landing, July 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Your very kind note has this moment been handed to me. It affords me pleasure to comply with your request. After I saw you with General Meade the position of my battery was changed by General Kearny's order so as to be nearly parallel with the New Market road. From this I deployed in echelon from the right and came into "action left," the section in front having retired about the time the enemy opened on your division. The left price was near Randol's right one, a little retired. When the firing opened in your division I think Randol moved his battery forward and changed front slightly to his left (of this I am not positive). The rebels appeared in force on our front about 4.30 p. m. I opened with spherical case as they came from the woods in front. They continued advancing in line rapidly, stooping down and firing until within about 150 yards, when we poured a couple of rounds of canister into them. They faltered somewhat, but soon rallied and attempted to capture the battery. We gave them double canister without sponging, and when about thirty yards from your guns the infantry charged them, and I ceased firing for a moment. They were forced back with great slaughter. The supports did not pursue except to turn the rebels back, but opened in front of my guns and fell down, and I poured canister in again. When the enemy fell back about 150 yards they dropped down and kept up a constant fire. They made three successive charges, which were repulsed in the same manner, and I left the field, as General Kearny says in his report, when I had "expended all my grape and had become tired of the futility of round shot" (as I remember it). The battery retired from the field about 7.30, not a foot of ground having been gained by the enemy. The strangest part to me is how Randol's bato near mine. Twice we had to resist attack coming directly over his deserted guns (though I saw but little; I was on horseback in the midst of smoke, &amp;c., much occupied, keeping up my drivers and cannoneers.) A limber from some battery on our left came dashing into my caissons and completely upset two (six horses and no drivers). After exhausting canister, we put in double spherical case, cut minimum. We lost one gun, but it was after limbering and getting partly off the field - a trace broke, and while they were getting the spare one (I have one on each limber) the horses were shot and drivers wounded. We sent back, but could not get it off. The Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Hays, behaved nobly, jumping up and charging gloriously. My own men worked bravely and manfully.

---------------

*Embodied in tables, VOL. XI, Part II, pp. 39, 40.

+See reports, VOL. XI, Part II, pp. 170, 172.

---------------

