SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 209. Washington, June 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

40. Brigadier General H. L. Eustis, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at this office in compliance with instructions from Lieutenant-General Grant, will repair to Cambridge, Mass., where he will remain until he receives further orders.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[40.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Near Point of Rocks, June 16, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE, U. S. Army,

Near Hatacher's, Va.:

GENERAL: I find I did not make myself understood. I was instructed by the major-general commanding to say to you that his chief of staff would distribute the medals of honor for you according to your directions if you would forward them to him. He also informed me that he was impelled to make this suggestion because the troops were too widely scattered. Some are before Petersburg; some are in the hospital; some are in the trenches; some are on picket; some were at the time on the railroad tearing it up before the enemy; and some were skirmishing before the enemy; therefore he desiigned that the distribution should be made in your name and by you, and offered you the instrumentality of his chief of staff to do so. He by no means intends to refuse you the privilege of the distribution, but suggested the mode by which it might be done.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. R. SHAFFER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[40.]

BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., June 17, 1864.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report, as general officer of the day for the preceding twenty-four hours ending with last evening, as follows: First, Major Greeley with detachment of 300 men of his, the Tenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, had command on the right of pisket-line Major Abraham, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, on the center, with detachments from his regiment and the convalescent camp, consisting of 300 men; and CAptain Thompson, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, with 349 men of his regiment, on the left. I remained with the picket-line all of the night of the 15th instant. Second. Early in the night, after entering on my tour of duty, I became satisfied that an increased number of troops were to our immediate front, but no unusual indications were manifested until about 1 a. m., when a good deal of activity on the part of the enemy became apparent. From 1.30 a. m. for an hour and a half active movements were going on in the enemy's lines, movements of artillery and infantry, which facts were communicated to division headquarters as soon as practicable. This movement covering my entire front, I supposed it to be troops passing from the

