
Captain Thompson's compliments to General Seymour, regretting his inability to present a better memorandum to-day. The every great pressure of other matters - less pleasant, however - has prevented Captain Thompson from giving the matter that attention he would greatly desire it should have. The general will please accept many thanks for his kindness.

JULY 12, 1862.

[11.]

Report of Colonel Edward L. Thomas, Thirty-fifth Georgia Infantry, commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION,August 6, 1862.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from division headquarters I have the honor to submit the following as the most complete report I can make of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the recent battles near Richmond:

The Third Brigade left its camp near Mechanicsville on Wednesday, June 25, and proceeded to near the Meadon Bridge, across the Chickahominy River, where it bivouacked that night. It remained there until the afternoon of Thursday, June 26, when it proceeded to cross the Meadow Bridge and to march down the north bank of the Chickahominy toward Mechanicsville. Upon arriving near Mechanicsville the brigade was ordered to attack the battery of the enemy on its right, in accordance with which the brigade moved by the flank through the woods on the left of the road by which it had previously marched; crossed a field and another piece of woods, which brought it to the right of the enemy's battery. A part of the brigade, consisting of the Thirty-fifth and Fourteenth Georgia Regiments and the Third Louisiana Battalion, was thrown into line of battle and ordered to advance on the enemy's position. This part advanced through a field under heavy fire of musketry and artillery from the enemy down a hill toward Beaver Dam Creek. Before arriving at this creek, protected by abatis they had thrown out a large force of infantry. The Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment and a portion of the Fourteenth Georgia and Third Louisiana Battalion crossed the creek (which here expanded into a pond fifty yards wide and from two to four feet deep) and attacked the enemy in the wood on their right, and after a severe conflict drove them from the woods and some distance through a field.

The commanding officer of the Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment sent for re-enforcements to cross the creek, but re-enforcements not coming he was unable to follow up his advantage. He held his position until after dark against greatly superior numbers, and then withdrew across the creek; rejoined the rest of the brigade. The brigade then moved to a position near Mechanicsville, where it bivouacked for the night. On Friday morning, June 27, the brigade moved forward toward Gaines' Mill, and proceeded until the enemy was discovered occupying a strong position on a wooded hill, partly protected by abatis, with two lines of breast-works, the upper constructed of rails and the lower of earth and timber, with artillery in a field just in rear of their position. The brigade was formed in line of battle and advanced through a field toward the enemy's position under a heavy fire. The regiment under my command was on the right of the Third Brigade and on the left of another brigade. After receiving and returning the fire

