
Special Orders, Numbers 122, and will proceed without delay to Point Lookout, Md., and assume command of the prisoners' camp at that place.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[37.]

FREDERICK, Md., July 6, 1864.

Captain MAX. WOODHULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I was at Middletown (eight miles from here) this morning with about fifty men. The rebs being in the houses, &amp;c., we had to fall back. Had several men shot. The enemy was not in force, but state that a large portion of Ewell's corps are in the neighborhood of Boonsborough. No citizens are allowed to come this way, and our information is therefore scant. Have heard nothing from General Sigel since 12 p. m. No serious attempt had been made to take the Heights, but the enemy were encamped in force in Harper's Ferry and vicinity. I have been placed in command of the trains here (300 wagons) and all troops coming, and have started the train for Balitmore this morning with an escort of 200 cavalry. I have established a camp for stragglers near here, and have on hand about 500 or 600 men and several hundred horses. I will keep posted and try to take care of them, reporting at all times to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

John I. YELLOTT,

Major, Commanding Post, and Provost-Marshal.

[37.]

FREDERICK, July 6, 1864 - 11.10 a. m.

Major-General WALLACE:

Force sent out by you this morning are being forced back. If possible, send up re-enforcements.

J. I. YELLOTT,

Major, Commanding.

[37.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monocacy, July 6, 1864.

Major YELLOTT,

Frederick, Md.:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Wallace to request, should it become necessary by the operations of the enemy for you to evacuate Frederick, that you will back on the Baltimore pike, holding with your whole force the eastern bank of the Monocacy. Before taking up this position please communicate with these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAX. WOODHULL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The general wishes you to understand that Frederick is not to be evacuated unless absolutely necessary.

M. W.

[37.]

