
FREDERICK, July 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CATLIN:

Put the Eleventh Maryland Infantry on the cars that brought up the New Jersey regiment, and send them over here, with orders to march through the city to the western part of the town without halting. Instruct the commanding officer of the next troops that pass through Monocacy upon his arrival at Frederich to disembark his men and march them through to the west side of the town without haling or allowing his men to straggle, where the other regiment of the Home Brigade is in bivouac. Use the company now on picket at Monocacy as guard to block-house. Send forward all troops that are ordered to me as soon as they arrive.

By order of Major-General Wallace:

MAX. WOODHULL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[37.]

FREDERICK, July 8, 1864 - p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel CATLIN:

Detain any and all troops that may arrive at your station until this engagement is over.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

[37.]

MONOCACY. July 8, 1864 - 7.05 p. m.

Major-General WALLACE:

Three deserters from the rebels have arrived, who report that Breckinridge, has some 12,000 men marching in direction of Harper's Ferry. I am also informed that a rebel advance is on the Buckeystown road. If I had one or two cavalrymen I could use them. The enemy is on the road between Point of Rocks and Berlin in strong force. They seem to be moving this way.

L. CATLIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post

[37.]

FREDERICK, MD., July 8, 1864.

Major-General WALLACE,

Monocacy, Md.:

GENERAL: I have the One hundred and forty-ninth [Ohio] in the positio occupied by the enemy yesterday, relieving Colonel Gilpin's regiment, which had ben pushed forward about daylight this a. m., the enemy having fallen back during the night to the mountain. They are showing a small force about halfway down this side of the mountain and advancing an extended skirmish line. They have received re-enforcements, I learn. Their movements indicate a disposition to fight at no very distant hour. I cannot juge, from anything I see, of their strength. Their skirmishers are opening upon my advance this moment. We have plenty of ammunition for small-arms and for the artillery at present. Will notify you of deficiency as it occurs. The rebels here are jubilant this morning and anxious to get to the front. Are you putting a force in the rear of the enemy? I think something might be accomplished if that could be done. Captain Alexander wishes to

