
the expiration of his leave General Weber will report for duty to Brigadier General John D. Stevenson, commanding Military District of Harper's Ferry.

By order of Brevet Major-General Crook:

[JAS. L. BOTSFORD,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[43.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 108. In the Field, Va., August 25, 1864.

The circular form these headquarters, dated June 7, 1864, is revised to read as follows: The following explanation of the badges for this corps is given for the information of this command: The general commanding corps and his staff will wear a blue cross of the pattern prescribed, with two triangles, one white and the other red, crossing each other in the center of the cross, the red triangle uppermost, suspended by a tri-colored ribbon.

Firt Division. - The general commanding division will wear the red cross, with a triangle in the center, the sides of which shall be white, suspended by a tri-colored ribbon.

Second Division. - The general commanding division and his staff will wear the white cross, with a triangle in the center, the sides of which shall be of blue enamel, suspended by a tri-colored ribbon.

Third Division. - The general commanding division and staff will wear the blue cross, with a triangle in the center, the sides of which shall be white, suspended by a tri-colored ribbon. Brigade commanders and their staffs will wear the same cross and ribbon as worn by their respective divisions, but without the triange, the number of their brigades to be enameled in white in the center of the cross. Line officers will wear a plain cross of the same color as their respective divisions, to be suspended by a ribbon of the same color as the cross. Enlisted men will wear a plain cross of the same color as worn by their respective divisions-i. e., red for First Division, white for Second Division, blue for Third Division; to be worn without a ribbon.

Officers of artillery will wear a blue cross, with a white triangle and two crossed cannon of red enamel or of metal, to be suspended by a red ribbon. Enlisted men of the artillery will wear the same badge, with white or metallic crossed cannon, but without the triangle or the ribbon.

Officers of cavalry will wear a yellow cross, with two crossed sabers in white relief, and suspended by a yellow ribbon. Enlisted men of cavalry will wear the same cross, with white or metallic sabers, but without the ribbon. The crosses will be made with a pin on the back, and of such metal as may be chosen. The ribbon is distinctive of a commissioned officer, and the tri-colored ribbon, of a staff officer; and no others will be permitted to wear these gadges. Officers will wear the badges suspended from the left breast. Enslisted men will wear the badges on the front of the hat or the top of the cap. Badges of cloth will be furnished the enlisted men of this command, and it is made the duty of officers to see that these badges are constantly and properly worn. Division ocmmanders will at once make requisition of rthese badges.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[42.]

