
of the enemy for some time, it was discovered that the troops both on the right and left of this regiment had retired. This regiment was then ordered to retire, which it did in good order and joined the rest of the brigade. I have since been informed that the Forty-fifth Georgia Regiment, Colonel Thomas Hardeman, held his position on the left of the brigade until all expect the Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment had retired. The brigade bivouacked on the field that night, where it remained on Saturday, June 28.

On Sunday, June 29, the brigade crossed the Chickahominy by New Bridge and marched to near Atlee's, on the Darbytown road; bivouacked there on Sunday night, and on Monday continued the march until late in the evening, when the brigade went to support troops then engaged with the enemy. A part of the brigade was sent on in front, the other part following. The rear portion, to which my regiment belonged, formed line of battle and moved through an open field and joined the part of the brigade in front. The Forty-fifth Georgia Regiment, occupying the left of the brigade, became engaged with the enemy, suffering considerable loss. Just in front of the right wing of this brigade a body of troops, supposed at the time to be General Pender's brigade, engaged the enemy. Having been informed that our friends were just in advance of us, the right wing of the brigade was ordered not to fire, and was halted in easy supporting distance. We remained here until 9 or 10 o'clock at night, when we discovered that two bodies of the enemy had been firing into each other. The enemy having retired from the field, this brigade was withdrawn and bivouacked on another part of the field. Brigadier General J. R. Anderson having been severely injured on Monday evening, on Tuesday morning the command of the brigade devolved upon me. Late on Tuesday evening the brigade was ordered to support our troops engaged with the enemy on Malvern Hill. It marched by the flank to an open field in front of the enemy's position, then formed line of battle to the right and moved through the field toward the enemy's position, held the position assigned to it until all firing had ceased, then withdrew to its previous camp. I have no report to make of misconduct of officers of the Thirty-fifth Georgia Regiment, and I have the honor to send inclosed reports from Lieutenant-Colonel Manning, Forty-ninth Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Folsom, Fourteenth Georgia, and Major Grice, Forty-fifth Georgia Regiment, in reference to the conduct of officers in their several regiments.* Regretting that I cannot make a more complete report, the above is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

EDW. L. THOMAS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

[11.]

JULY 23, 1862.- Reconnaissance to Malvern Hill, Va.

Report of Colonel David McM. Gregg, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,July 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding division that yesterday, with the view of ascertaining what force of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

