
aide since the beginning of the war and has distinguished himself in every battle in which I have been engaged; to date May 6, 1864. Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director, for untiring devotion to the duties of his profession and for bravery on the field. This officer was wounded at the Po May 10, 1864.

To be majors by brevet: Captain H. H. Bingham, One hundred and foriteth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and judge-advocate, for good conduct and conspicuous gallantry, especially at the wilderness May 6, where he collected a considerable party of stragglers and led them against the enemy with marked gallantry, and at Spotsylvania May 12, where he voluntarily took part with his regiment in the assault and was wounded. He was also wounded at Gettysburg; to date May 6, 1864.

FIFTH CORPS, MAJOR-GENERAL WARREN COMMANDING.

To be major-generals by brevet: Brigadier General Charles Griffin, Brigadier General Romeyin B. Ayres, Brigadier General S. W. Creawford, for conspicuous gallantry in the battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, Jericho Mills, Bethesda Church, Petersburg, and Globe Tavern (Weldon railroad), and for faithful services in the campaign. Brigadier General L. Cutler, for constant and faithful services in this campaign and for wound at Globe Tavern (Weldon railroad).

To be brigadier-generals by brevet: Colonel C. S. Wainwright, First New York Artillery, chief of artillery, of rbrave, constant, and efficient services in the battles and marches of the campaign. Colonel Fred. Winthrop, Fifth New York Volunteers (captain Twelfth Infantry), for brave, constant, and efficient service in the battles and marches of the campaign. Previously recommended for promotion. Colonel J. W. Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, for brave, constant, and efficient service in the battles and marches of the campaign. Previously recommended for promotion. Colonel Richard Coulter, Eleventh Pennslyvania Veteran Volunteers, for gallant conduct in battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania Court-House and for wound in the latter battle. Colonel A. W. Denison, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, for ability in commanding Maryland Brigade in battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania and for loss of arm at Spotsylvania. Colonel C. Wheelock, Ninety-seventh New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, for gallant and meritorious conduct in battle on Weldon railroad, near Globe Tavern, August 19, 1864.

To be colonels by brevet: Lieutenant Colonel Fred. T. Locke, assistant adjutant-general, for brave, constant, and efficient service in the battles and marches of the campaign. Wounded at Spotsylvania Court-House. Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Bankhead, assistant inspector-general (captain Fifth Infantry), for brave, constant, and efficient service in the battles and marches of the campaign. Previously recommended for promotion. Lieutenant Colonel William A. Throop, First Michigan Veteran Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, First Division, for brave, constant, and efficient service in the battles and marches of the campaign. Previously recommended for promotion.

NINTH CORPS, Major General JOHN G. PARKE COMMANDING.

To be major-generals by brevet: Brigadier General O. B. Willcox, commanding Third Division, for distinguished and gallant services and efficiently commanding his division in the several actions in which the corps has

