
enemy was on Malvern Hill, I made the following dispositions with the following results:

The rebels having two pieces of artillery at a point on the river road and sweeping the bridge, I determined to approach the hill at two points, one on the north side, the other on the east. One squadron of the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Keenan, was sent to Crenshaw's, on the Charles City road, to proceed from there on the Shirley road toward White Oak Swamp until striking the Long Bridge road; follow that to the Quaker road, and down the latter road to Malvern Hill. At the same time I directed one squadron to move up the road, followed by Keyes' corps to the mill, to cross at it, and strike the hill on the east side. Whilst these squadrons were moving some of our men, dismounted, were sent to Turkey Bridge to drive in the pickets and draw the fire of the artillery. All these movements were successfully accomplished. Both squadrons reached Mr. Kemp's, but at different times. The squadrons sent by the Shirley road encountered the enemy's pickets, but not in any strength. Three companies of rebel cavalry occupied Malvern Hill; no infantry at all. In the operations of yesterday 1 private of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry was slightly wounded and 1 horse of the same regiment was killed; 1 prisoner of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry was taken by us. A contraband, who was sent me this morning from our picket, says he lives at Mr. Robert Taylor's house, which is three miles from Malvern Hill in the direction of Richmond. He further says that the only force near Malvern Hill is the cavalry camped on Four-Mile Creek; that the infantry went toward Richmond on Monday last. I have directed a portion of the force near Haxall's to go to Malvern Hill to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division.

[11.]

AUGUST 9, 1862.- Battle of Cedar Mountain, Va.

Report of Captain Clermont L. Best, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Second Corps, Army of Virginia.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, August 13, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to report the following operations of the artillery of the Second Corps in battle at Cedar Mountain on Saturday last:

There being but five brigades composing the corps, and each of diminished strength, it was deemed proper that no more than one battery to each brigade should be brought into action. These batteries had been previously designated, and were placed in position on the most favorable points, supposed by the brigades to which they were respectively attached. General Crawford, having with his brigade preceded the remainder of the corps by one day, had already selected a point for his guns, the most commanding, certainly, on our side of the field. The topography of the ground was such that to obtain an effective play the remaining guns were ranged to the right and left of this point, at suitable intervals, presenting a slightly crescent form of

