
rebel officers, each time killing his antagonist. Captain James B. Smith, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, in the charge of the First Brigade on the rebel works on the morning of the 17th of June, 1864, when he was in command of his regiment. But for his bravery and good judgment on that occasion the charge would not have been successful. Captain E. T. Raymond, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, for good service rendered on all occasions, always showing coolness and courage, and putting forth unequaled efforts in every engagement to the success of the troops which might be under his direction, and for escping from the enemy August 19, 1864, when he accidentally rode into their lines in obedience to orders. Lieutenant Colonel Percy Daniels, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, for having taken a very active part all through the campaign and conducted himself nobly in all the engagements. On that of the 30th his regiment was not engaged at all, but he voluntarily went to the from and fields in face of the enemy's fire, and into the crater several times during the day, encouraging bot men and officers to their duty. Captain Peleg E. Peckham, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, and acting assistant adjutant-general First Brigade, for his repeated acts of gallantry and bravery displayed on every field and in all the engagements in which he has participated, especially that of the 18th of May at Spotsylvania Court-House, where his regiment owes much to him for its credit on that occasion, and also on the 30th of July, in rallying a portion of his brigade and conducting them in their successive charges. First Lieutenant Charles E. Frost, Company E, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, on the morning of the 17th of June, 1864, in the charge near the Shands House, in advance of his regiment with a few men, demanded the surrender of a party of the enemy outnumbering him five to one, lying in rifle pits, and captured about fifteen; he also participated in bringing away a gun and six battery horses attached to the cannon. First Lieutenant George Hicks, company F, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, on the morning of the 17th of June, 1864, in the charge near the Shands house, distinguished himself by capturing a battle flag of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment. Second Lieutenant John E. Cram, Company B, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, in the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, distinguished himself by seizing and securing the colors of his own regiment under a heavy fire after both color-bearers had been severely wounded and disabled, and was himself severely wounded while carrying them to the rear. He has not yet recovered.

Third Division: Colonel Delevan Bates, Thirtieth U. S. Colored Troops, for distinguished services at the assault on Cemetery Hill on the 30th day of July, 1864. Colonel Charles S. Russell, Twenty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops, for distinguished services at the assault on Cemetery Hill on the 30th day of July, 1864. Colonel A. M. Blackman, Twenty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, for gallantry and distinguished bravery in the engagement at Hatcher's Run on October 27, 1864. Captain George A. Hicks, assistant adjutant-general, for gallantry and meritorious services on various occasions, especially in the assault on Cemetery Hill on the 30th of July, 1864.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[42.]

