
Johnson commanded the regiment in most of the engagements. Also Captain E. G. Ballon and Captain Elijah Wales, Second Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet majors, for bravery in the battle of the Wilderness and subsequent engagements. At the battle of the Wilderness both were severely wounded. Major A. F. Walker, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, for distinguished bravery in the several engagements in the valley of the Shenandoah, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel. Captain J. E. Elridge, Eleventh Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet major, for especially gallant conduct at the battle of Winchester, Va., September 19, 1864, at which engagement he was very seriously wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[42.]
HDQRS. 155TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 24, 1864.

Bvt. Captain L. C. BARTLETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 346, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated December 22, 1864, I have the honor to submit the names of Sergt. Thomas J. Marlin, Company K, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Sergt. Thomas C. Anderson, Company I, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, they having performed deeds of valor and showed undaunted bravery upon occasions hereinafter mentioned. Sergeant Anderson, at the battle of Poplar Grove Church, September 30, 1864, when the regiment was advancing upon the enemy's works at a double-quick, grasped the colors from the exhausted bearer, and moving far in advance of the column planted his flag upon the second line of the enemy's works even before they had left them; this under a heavy fire of canister from the enemy's guns. He likewise showed conspicuous bravery throughout the entire campaign. Sergeant Marlin, on the afternoon of the battle of Peebles' farm, when the troops of the Ninth Corps were being driven from their position and the regiment ordered by General Griffin to advance, grasped his colors and, dashing ahead and through the troops who were falling back, took his position near the Third Brigade and waved the flag and shouted to the men to "follow the old flag." His bravery ad uniformly good conduct during the campaign entitle him to the highest praise, and I would earnestly recommend both Marlin and Anderson as fit subjects on whom to confer medals of honor.

Very respectfully,

JOHN EWING,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. 3rd BRIGADE, 1ST DIVISION, 5TH ARMY CORPS,December 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, recommended. The facts as heretofore stated came under my personal observation. The men are brave, daring soldiers, and well worthy of any mark of honor.

A. L. PEARSON,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

