SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 78. March 27, 1865.

* * * * *

12. Major General George Crook, U. S. Volunteers, having reported in person to the commanding general in obedience to paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 62, current series, from headquarters Armies of the United States, is assigned to the command of the Second Cavalry Division.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,[46.] Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

March 28, 1865 - 4.20 p. m.

Major-General WEBB, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By the modified order I am to take up a position three miles long as measured in a straight line on the map, which will be not less than three miles and a half or four miles on the ground. I cannot therefore be strong on the Quaker road and will have a weak line (no reserves or supports). Warren is, as I understand, to move to Boissueau's, on the Boydton plank road, when I am formed or a little before, and from there move forward some and take position connecting with me on the right. If the enemy are active they may interpose on the Quaker road, try to break me there, and get at Warren with their main force before he is formed. The map being a blank on the north side of Gravelly Run between the Vaughan road and Quaker road and the Dabney Mill road, I shall have to find out all about the country, which will render the formation comparatively slow. One mode of remedying the difficulty would be by some part of the force intended to be left inmy present line being used to hold well across the Dabney Mill road, say, for the space of three qurters of a mile. But this is open to the objection that my right, being near the Dabney Mill road, ought to cortrol the force moving on it. I cannot learn that there are any intermediate roads between Dabney's and Quaker.

Very truly, yours,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

[46.] Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 28, 1865 8 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

I am instructed to inform you that the major-general commanding does not expect you to hold to the Quaker road at the risk of having a too extended line. You are instructed to establish your right in a position to be within supporting distance of Major-General Ord. You are then to take a position extending toward the Quaker road (holding one division in reserve, if you find it necessary). Your line being determined and General Warren notified of your position, he will move up to connect with your left, probably by the Quaker road. He will endeavor to cover both the Quaker and plank roads. He is notified of this.*

ALEX. S. WEBB,

[46.] Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See Webb to Warren, 8.15 p. m., VOL. XLVI, Part III, p. 229.

---------------

