HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 1, 1865 - 9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General HAYS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I send you a copy of General Ord's communication relative to the operation against the Crow-house battery or redoubt. I infer from General Ord's communication that there is no slashing on the side of the work looking toward him. Have this carefully ascertained. you will of course have the work examined from every point of view from which it can be seen.*

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

[46.] Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 5, 1865.

By command of Major General Godfrey Weitzel the following rules, regulations, and orders are established for the government of the city of Richmond and the preservation of public peace and order:

I. Lieutenant Colonel John Coughlin, Tenth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers, provost-marshal-general of the Department of Virginia, headquarters at the custom-house building, will issue orders in relation to the general and special duties of the provost-marshal within the department. He will have the entire supervision of all permits and licenses for trade and admission into Richmond of the supplies for the army and destitude families.

II. Loyal persons, until further orders, will be allowed to bring to Richmond, under such regulations as he may establish, provisions of all kinds necessary for the above uses.

III. Lieutenant Colonel Frederick L. Manning, One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, provost-marshal-general, Army of the James, headquarters in the capitol building, will have general charge of all provost duty pertaining to the armies in and about Richmond.

IV. Bvt. Brigadier General Edward H. Ripley, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby placed in command of all the troops doing provost or guard duty in the city of Richmond. All details of provost and other guards and orderlies will be made by him. District provost-marshals hereinafter designated will report to him: For the First District, Lieutenant Colonel Normand Smith, commanding Thirteenth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers; for the Second District, Lieutenant Colonel W. Kreutzer, commanding Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers; for the Third District, Major Theodore Miller, commanding One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers; for the Fourth District, Major Charles Warren, commanding Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers. Each provost-marshal of a district will be held accountable for the preservation of the public peace and of good order in his district. They will open books of registry in their respective districts, in which each white make inhabitant will registed his name, age, residence, and occupation. They will also administer the oath of allegiance to all persons desiring to take it in their districts and keep a registry of the same. The provost-marshal-general of the department will issue such orders as are necessary to carry out the details of the above order.

V. Arrangements have been made to secure a continuous supply of water and gas as soon as the public works cab be repaired and put in

---------------

* See Hays to Humphreys, VOL. XLVI, Part III, p. 413.

---------------

