
regiment, stating nature of duty that requires their presence in the city, and also their place of duty. Passes will be made out from such lists for the protection of the guards. All soldiers now on duty as special guards at private residences will report at once to Captain C. H. Curtis, acting assistant inspector-general of this brigade, at the City Hall.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General E. H. Ripley:

R. P. STANILES,

[46.] Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 88. April 7, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General William Hays, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty without delay to Bvt. Major General H. J. Hunt, chief of artilleyr.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,[46.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS, AND TROOPS TEMPORARILY ATTACHED, Numbers 31. Richmond, Va., April 7, 1865.

This command will be reviewed to-morrow at 2 p. m. by the brigadier-general commanding. The line will be formed on Main street, with the left resting at the outskirts of the city; the artillery on the left and in column. The brigadier-general commanding will pass from left to right, receiving salutes by regiments. The infantry will be formed as follows: The Second Brigade on the right, the Third Brigade in the center, and the disposable troops of the First Brigade on the left. Colonel Ripley will direct all the troops of the First Brigade, save those actually required for the police of the city, to report with the band, under command of the senior officer, should his own duties prevent him from taking command, at the point designated. After the general commanding has passed to the right of the line the command will wheel into column by divisions or companies, as commanding officers may deem best, and move through the city, playing marching salutes to the major-general commanding detachment Army of the James, returning to the point where they entered the city, from whence they will return to their respective camps. The troops will parade in light marching order without blankets or overcoats. The company. The company of cavalry attached to the command will report at these headquarters at 1.20 p. m.

By order of Brigadier General C. Devens:

GEO. W. HOOKER,

[46.] Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, April 7, 1865.

General E. H. RIPLEY,

Commanding Post of Richmond;

GENERAL: It is with great reluctance that I presume to trespass upon your time, now so fully occupied with most important matters. In recalling to your mind the communication you made to the clergy

