
which their church prescribed and could not go beyond. Now, however, those other ministers, not having a form which is binding, can readily conform to the present state of things and the demands of the United States Government, without being required to go beyond the general terms in wehich the Scripture exhorts all Christians to pray for those in authority. Would it be fair and according to equity to exact more of the ministers of the Episcopal Church than is demanded of others? We yield all and avoid every allusion to the Confederate States, praying in our litany for all in authority. We comply with endeavoring done by ministers of other denominations. Shall we be singled out as alone bound to use a special prayer, which tose use at present would be in violation of our ecclesiatical obligations? Is the Episcopal Church an established church, that the State has authority over its ritual? The omission of the collect, which in eitehr ritual, the prayer book of the church in the United States or that of the church in the Confederate States, efers to the Chief Magistrate, involves the perfect admission of the state of things and submission to the actual power possessed by your Government. We go further than all other ministers, for we omit a prescribed prayer. But the reintroduction of a prayer not foud in our ritual, nor authorized as yet by our ecclesiastical authority, would exact more of us than is demanded of all others, make an invidiousdistinction which would be prresive to the consciences of the ministers of our church and its members alike, who both, I am sure, desire, by their quiet and inoffensive conduct, to respond to the liberal policy pursued by those now in command. It was with unfeigned gratification that the expressions of your desire to pursue a conciliatory course under the present circumstances and the feelings naturally existing among many of the people and an influential and valuable class of the community, would wound them and mark them out beyond all others, and mos them for a while from their own churches, would appear to be so much at variance with that purpose, that I humbly hope it may be the pleasure of the Government not to insist upon the use of the prayer in the prayer book of the Episcopal Church in the United States for the President of the Unite States, and allow us quietly to use our own ritual, omitting everything which could have the least tendency to give offense or sanction opposition.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. MINNIGERODE,

[46.] Rector Saint Paul's Church.

RICHMOND, April 9, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. H. RIPLEY,

Commanding Garrison of Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 8th instant,* and will convey its contents to my colleagues, so that the churches may be opened and the services conducted accordingly.

Uniting with you in the desire that by their means much good may be accompalished through God's blessing, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. MINNEGERODE,

[46.] Rector Saint Paul's Church.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

