
it was customary to move the transportation on such roads as were not required by the troops at such a distance that it would be secure from any attack of the enemy and convenient as possible for obtaining and forwarding supplies to the troops as they were required. A protion of the ammunition was usually detached from the general train and accompanied the command. On the 1st day of July the command left Uniontown at 6 a. m. for Taneytown. On arrival the trains were ordered back to Uniontown, and from there to Lindwood Station, on the Western Maryland Railroad, the troops in the meantime moving on to Gettysburg, Pa. Early the next day the trains moved to Wesminister, remaining there during the battles at Gettysburg. Supplies were obtained at Wesminister, and every effort made to supply the troops with whatever was required. On the morning of the 6th the trains were moved to Frederick City, passing through New Windsor and Liberty. Owing to the losses at Gettysburg the transportation was largely in excess of the regulation allowance, and the surplus was transferred to the depot, and supplies of all kinds drawn at this place. In the meantime the troops marched from Gettysburg to Frederick City, arriving on the 8th, and the next day continued the line of march to the vicinity of Antietam battle-field, passing through Jefferson and Burkittsville, followed by the transportation, which was parked near the latter village. While remaining here supplies were obtained at Sandy Hook and forwarded to the troops. On the 15th trains were moved to Sandy Hook, where the troops arrived the following day by way of Sharpsburg. On the 18th the command crossed the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers at Harper's Ferry, and moveddown on the easterly side of the Blue Ridge, passing through Hillsborough, Bloomfield, Paris, Piedmont, Salem, White Plains, and Warrenton, arriving in the vicinity of Warrenton Junction on the 26th. ReMained here until the 30th, then moved by way of Elkton to Morrisville. While at this place supplies were obtained at Bealeton Station, a distance of five miles. The transportation was here inspected, and wherever found necessary placed in repair and proper condition for future operations. There was not time. however, during this campaign that the movements of the troops were in the least retarded for any want of supplies furnished by this department.

On the 12th of September the command marched by way of Bealeton to Rappahannock Station, followed by the ammunition trains and the ambulances, the balance of the transportation being parked at Bealeton Station. The next day the troops advanced to Culpeper, where a small lot of ordnance stores, consisting of guns, sabers, cartidge-boxes, waist-belts, horseshoes, and coal were captured and transferred to the Ordnance Department. On the 15th the troops advanced beyond Culpeper and were followed to that place by the trains. On the 17th the trains joined their respective commands, the First and Third Divisions having advanced to Cedar Mountain and the Second Division to Mitchell's Station near the Rapidan River. Supplies were brought up to this station by railway and issued to the troops. The Second Army Corps remained in this neighborhood doing picket duty until relieved by the Sixth Corps on the day of October, when it returned to Culpeper. On the 11th day of October orders were received to move the transportation the Rappahannock Station and from there to Bealeton Station. On the 13th the march was continued to Warrenton Junction and from there to Brentsville, arriving at 11 p. m. Moved at daylight on the following morning for Fairfax Station by way of Maple Valley and Wolf Run Shoals. The road were infested with guerrilla bands, who

