
caused some delay and annoyance. There were no guards with the trains, and had the enemy been aware of this advantage they could have caused much damage. Meanwhile the troops had marched by way of Liberty and Three-mile Station on the 14th, and then moved to Mitchell's Ford, on Bull Run. On the 16th the trains moved to the vicinity of Fairfax Court-House, and from there by way of McLean's Ford, New Market, Gainesville, and Greenwhich to Auburn, where they joined the troops on the 21st. On the 24th the command marched to Turkey Run, on the Warrenton Branch Railroad, supplies being drawn from Gainesville until the completion of the railroad to Warrenton Junction. On the 7th of November the trains moved by way of Warrenton Junction and Bealeton Station to the vicinity of Morrisville, and the next day and to Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock. The troops having successfully engaged the enemy advanced several miles beyond the Rappahannock, and thenext day the transportation moved across the river on a pontoon bridge to the vicinity of Stevensburg. While remaining at this place the amount of small-arm ammunition required to tbe transported was reduced from five to three wagons per 1,000 men for duty, the wagons thus relieved being added to the supply trains. On the 26th the command, supplies with six days' rations upon the troops, moved at an early hour in the morning on the main road to Germanna Ford, crossing the Rapidan upon pontoon bridges, followed by 120 wagons, consisting of the ammunition and hospital trains and one wagon to each battery. The remained of the transportation, including 331 wagons, loaded with the peronal baggage of the officers, 150,000 field rations, and 501,796 pounds of grain, making in the aggregate sixteen days' subsistence and ten days' forage (including the three days' carried upon the caissons) for the whole command, and an average weight of about 2,600 pounds to each team, moved to the banks of the river near Culpeper Mine Ford. On the 28th a train, consisting of sixty wagons, loaded with three days; supply of forage and subsistence, was sent to the troops near Mine Run, returning to camp during the night.

On Tuesday, the 1st day of December, the trains were moved back to Richardsonville, where they were joined by the ammunition trains that had accompanied the troops at Mine Run, and the next day the command returned to the former encampment near Stevensburg. On the th the trains joined their respective commands, preparatory to going into winter quarters. Corduroy roads were built from the encampment to Brandy Station, a distance of four miles. Convenient structures were erected in the several commands to protect the animals from the severity of the winter. Unserviceable were exchanged for serviceable animals; wagons, harness, and other means of transportation repaired and made ready for future operations. On the 24th of March, 1864, the Tird Division of this corps was broken up and two divisions of the Third Corps were consolidated with the Second, which ncecesitated a complete reorganization of the quartermaster's department. On the 1st day of May the Sered as follows: One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six officers, 33,983 men; 1,105 private, 1,019artillery, 492 ambulance, 582 public and 63 cavalry horses; 5,318 mules, 858 army and 21 two-horse wagons, 181 ambulances, and 17 pontoon wagons with boats. The corps marched at 12 o'clock on the night of the 3rd of May with six days; rations of subsistence upon the troops, followed by 152 wagons, consisting of one-half of the ammunition, the

