
intrenching tools, the pontoon train, one hospital wagon to each brigade, and a supply train loaded with five days; forage, crossing the Rapidan at Ely's Ford and camping at Chancellorsville. The remainder of the transportation, numbering 706 teams, loaded with the balance of the ammunition and hospital stores, the personal baggage, and 360,000 rations of commissary stores, 851,160 pounds of grain, being ten days' supply of forage and sixteen days of subsistence (including that with the troops) for the entire command, the average load to each team being 2,957 pounds, moved at daylight on the 4th, crossed the Rapidan at Ely's Ford, and parked on the south bank. The corps advanced on the 5th to the vicinity of Todd's Tavern and from there to the Wilderness battle-field, where it met the enemy at about 2 p. m. The trains followed to Chancellorsville, when they were parked for the night. On the 6th, the fighting still continuing, the trains were moved back to Ely's Ford, but were returned to Chancellorsville during the night. On the 7th the corps marched to Rodd's Tavern, and the trains were moved to Alrich's, on the plank road leading to Fredericksburg. During the operations of the army at Spotsylvania they were moved down the plank road, parking at Piney Grove, Tabernacle, and Salem Churches, and arriving at Fredericksburg on the 14th. During this time the necessary supplies were forwarded to the troops as they were required, the empty wagons being used to transport the sick and wounded to Fredericksburg and Belle Plain. On the night of the 21st the corps marched to the left, passing Massaponax Church, Bowling Green, crossing the Mattapony at Milford, camping on the southern banks of the river at 2 p. m. of the 22d. The trains moved in the morning of that day by way of Villesborough and Bowling Green, arriving at Milford on the 23d. During the night the baggage trains were sent to the troops for the first time since leaving Brandy Station. On the following morning the corps marched to the North Anna River, the trains remaining at Milford. On the 26th four days' supplies were sent to the troops. The empty teams were loaded with the wounded and ordered to Port Royal. On the night of the 26th the corps recrossed the North Anna, marching down on the north side of the river and crossing the Pamunkey upon pontoon bridges at Huntley's Ferry. On the 27th the trains recrossed the Mattapony, moved down on the north side through Newton to Dunkirk, where they again crossed that river on the 28th and the Pamukey on the 30th, camping near Hanoverton. Since leaving Brandy Station the corps has received 13,000 re-enforcements, while the whole number reported on the 31st day of May was 1,622 officers and 32,012 men, showing a loss of 15,195 during the operations of the command up to that time.

On the 1st day of June the trains were moved to New Castle, and from there to Parsley's Cross-Roads, near Colonel Harbor, where they remained during the operations of the army in that vicinity, drawing supplies from White House, the empty teams being used to transport the wounded to that place. On the 11th the trains were moved to Tunstall's Station, on the West Point and Richmond Railroad, and the next day continued the march by way of Saint Peter's Church, New Kent Court-House, Diascond Creek to Cole's Ferry, on the Chickahominy. The pontoon train not being sufficient to bridge the river, the trains were detained at this place until the pontoon train moving with the troops could be ordered from Charles City Court-House. On the 15th crossed the Chickahominy, moving by way of Charles City Court-House, crossing the James River at Douthat's during the night and parking on the

