
southern bank. The next day the trains were moved to the vicinity of City Point, where they were reported to their several commands and remained until the end of the month. Meanwhile the corps had marched from Cold Harbor on the night of the 12th by way of Dispatch Station, Long Bridge, Charles City Court-House, crossing the James River in ferry-boats at Wilcox's Wharf on the 14th, and arriving in the vicinity of Petersburg on the 15th of June. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 163, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated June 18, 1864, I assumed the duties of chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac. A depot being established at City Point, all the supplies for the army were obtained there until the completion of the City Pint Railroad, when a depot was located at Cedar Level Station, a point about five miles nearer the troops. The transportation of the several corps and detachments were parked in the immediate vicinity of the depots, and at the same time in convenient location for communicating with their commands, where they remained on the 30th of June, 1864. A brief resume of the operations of the Army of the Potomac during the past, year will show tat its movements have never been retarded for the want of supplies or the march cumbered with the transportation, and while great credit is due to the subordinate officers of the quartermaster's department, the Government is justly indebted for these results to the keen foresight and fine administrative and executive abilities of the late chief quartermaster, Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls. The amount of transportation allowed by general orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac has been strictly adhered to, and I respectfully suggest the following changes, some of which were referred to in my report for last year:

During a campaign, all officers' baggage, mess kits, tents, &amp;c., other than shelter-tents, should be sent to the rear, and the wagons thus relieved added to the supply trains or dispensed with altogether, compelling the officers to purchase their supplied from the supply trains when issues are being made to the troops, and to transport the same either upon their horses or by their servants. The adoption of some arrangement of this kind would reduce the transportation full 20 per cent., and that it is practicable has been proved by the experience of the last campaign, many of the officers not having seen their baggage teams from the time of their leaving Brandy Station to their arrival at this place. Brakes that can be operated by the teamster while seated upon his team should be placed upon all the wagons. A partial attempt to introduce them was made last winter, but the style of brakes furnished was defective and did not meet the requirements of the case. The recommendations made in last year's report relative to the reduction of the amount of small-arm ammunition and hospital supplies required to be transported have been adopted, and the amount now transported has been found to be sufficient for all emergencies. In the accompanying table* is shown in a consolidated form the property received, transferred, lost, or abandoned, and the amount of money received, disbursed, and remaining on hand during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac.

[General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.]

[27, 29, 33, 36, 40.]

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

