
and very largely contributed in repulsing a much superior force of the enemy. Colonel Cyrus J. Dobbs, commanding Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel John McConihe, commanding the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Comander, commanding Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, are deserving of great credit for their efficiency and example on the occasion and the ability with which they managed their respective commands. Major Lewis Butler, of my regiment, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers Infantry, and Major John C. Burton, Thirteenth Indian, took place in the line of skirmishers to the right and did great credit to themselves. Adjt. George L. Childs, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, rendered me the most efficient service as provisional aide. Lieutenant D. Newsom, Thirteenth Indiana, was remarkably active and useful to me on the field. Perhaps the best praise I can bestow upon any of the officers is to say that all acted so well their part that in no instance have I heard terms of censure applied to any of them. Herewith please find detailes report of the casualties that occurred in the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers infantry.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Captain James F. Jones, Niter and Mining Corps, C. S. Army, of engagement at Piedmont, Va. (Lynchburg Campaign), June 5, 1864.

OFFICE OF THE NITER AND MINING DISTRICT, Numbers 4 1/2,

Staunton, Va., June 30, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you that on the 1st instant I received an order from General J. D. Imboden, commanding the Valley Department, to report to him for active duty in the field, with all my men detailed for niter service, at as early a moment as possible; and I immediately dispatched couriers through the different counties to notify my men to report to me at Staunton, with all possible speed. Asmy works extend through all the neighboring counties, it required much activity to notify them and then collect them at Saunton in time to bear their part in the attle which was evidently close at hand. On Friday, the 3rd instant, I had collected 130 of my men at this point, and I organized tem immediately into two companies, placing one under the command of W. L. Clark as captain, and the other under Captain F. p. clark, assistant quartermaster, C. S. Army, who had volunteered to serve until N. R. Heaton, superintendent of the Bates County Government niter works, would be able to report as the permanent captain. I also appointed the other officers and procured such arms as the ordnance depot at this place could afford. Knowing the urgency of the case, I marched my command at once toward the scene of action, and arrived at the camp near Mount Craford early Saturday morning and immediately reported them for duty, and was assigned to Major Brewer's command, which was composed chiefly of dismounted cavalry. Early on Sunday morning we were marched from near Mount Crawford to New Hope, in Augusta County, a distance of twelve miles; and I had no sooner arrived on the field, without a moment of rest for my men, when I was ordered to take an

---------------

* Shows 12 killed and 59 wounded.

---------------

