
Report of Colonel Henry J. Stainrook, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 109TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp beyond Culpeper, Va., August 12, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to present the following report in reference to my position in the battle of Slaughter's Mountain, on the 9th instant: About 3 p. m. the battle commenced by the opening of artillery. My regiment, consisting of 300 men, at that time was posted 300 paces on the left of the artillery. Ten minutes afterwards I was ordered by General Prince to march by the right flank in rear of the batteries, where I remained perhaps an hour, during which time Adjutant McAdams, Second Lieutenant Dietz, and myself were wounded slightly by shell. I was then ordered by General Prince to advance, which order I obeyed instantly, passing the batteries a considerable distance and entering a corn-field, where we commenced firing, and continued in action until nearly 8 p. m. At this time there were 31 dead upon the field, and some 70 wounded. I now observed that the rebels were turning my right flank. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Third Maryland Volunteers, who were posted upon my right, had withdrawn some twenty minutes previously. Upon my left was the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, who had commenced retiring. Finding that we were overpowered and that resistance was useless, I retired, the One hundred and second New York Volunteers retiring at the same time. I would here take occasion to state that during the engagement I lost three ambulances, horses, also surgical instruments and cases. It gives me great pleasure to testify to the faithful manner in which Assistant Surgeon Brubaker performed his duties. During the entire engagement he was riding back and forward among the heaviest firing of the artillery, attending to his arduous duties. My loss, as stated, was 31 killed, 70 wounded, and 40 missing. Among the latter was First Lieutenant Nevin, Company K, and Second Lieutenant Veale, Company F. As every officer and man did their duty most nobly, it would be unjust to mention any special acts of bravery on the part of my command.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. J. STAINROOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel T. B. VAN BUREN,

Commanding Brigade.

[12.]

Report of Colonel Thomas H. Ruger, Third Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CULPEPER, VA., August 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the action of the 9th by the Third Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers:

The Third Brigade, of General Williams' division, General Gordon commanding, occupied the right of the line. The place originally occupied by the Third Wisconsin Volunteers was the left of said brigade immediately on the right of the battery, in front of the house temporarily used as a hospital. Soon after the action begaby General Gordon to skirmish the woods to the left and front of our position with six companies, which was done without any

