
both re-entering and salient angles. It was established immediately after the line of Ames' division was driven back on the 20th ultimo, and was held from a belief that it was impolitic to confess weakness by yielding ground then held by us. The rifle-pits of the enemy's pickets were within fifty yards of ours, and they had an opportunity to collect a greatly superior force in close proximity to our men. Dashing in upon them, they broke our line in two places, and, taking the space between in reserve, secured a considerable number of prisoners and established themselves in such a position as to enfilade the contiguous portion of our line on the left and thus compel it to fall back. A heavy fire of artillery from Batteries Nos. 3, 4, 5, and 6, with the musketry of a detachment of the Seventh Connecticut thrown into the redoubt in front of Numbers 3, was immediately opened upon them with apparently good effect. The fire from Numbers 3, under direction of Major Trubbull, of the First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, was especially good. The enemy had, however, shelter in our pits and were soon at work constructing new ones. I therefore directed Colonel Hawley, commanding Second Brigade, to send the Third New Hampshire Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah I. Plimton, to attack then and endeavor to recover the pits. This was speedily accomplished by that gallant officer and his distinguished regiment. The artillery fire was kept up till the latest moment, and then ceased, upon which Plimpton, moving to the left from the main road to ware Bottom Church, took the enemy in flank and drove them back to their old position, taking between thirty and forty prisoners, besides inflicting other losses.

In the meantime the right center and right, under Colonel George B. Dandy, One hundredth New York Volunteers, general officer of the day, re-enforced by the One hundredth New York Volunteers and a portion of the Tenth Connecticut, offered a from resistance to the enemy, but pressed by superior numbers slowly fell back and occupied a line some 200 yards in the rear of the old one. After the pits were recovered a new, straighter, and shorter line (the one we now hold) was taken up nearly on ground which had therefore been selected, but which had not been occupied for the reason given above. I regret to report a loss in killed, wounded, and missing of 14 officers and 158 men. The list of casualties has already been forwarded. The conduct of both officers and men was all that could be desired, and, in addition to the other officers mentioned in the reports of Colonels Hawley and Dandy, forwarded herewith,* I desire to make most honorable mention of Captain Pride, of the First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, and of Lieutenant-Colonel Plimton, of the Third New Hapshire, an officer of great experience and discretion and of the most undaunted courage. His services on this occasion deserve a higher recompense than mere praise. Colonel Dandy also, the general officer of the day, rendered most valuable service in his management of the picket-line, and I desire to express my great obligations to him for his skillful and gallant conduct.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps.

[36.]

---------------

* See VOL. XXXVI, Part II, pp. 55, 58.

---------------

