
regiments, Colonels Osborn and Otis, for their coolness and self-possession under fire and the skillful manner in which they handled their commands. The Eleventh Maine was under my command but a small portion of the time during the expedition. on the morning of the 16th it was sent to re-enforce General Ames on the pike, who was resisting the enemy's advance from the direction of Petersburg. On picket when the expedition started, it took no part in the flank movement of the 12th and 13th. Ordered up on the 13th, it did excellent service on the right, charging the enemy and driving him into his fortifications, where others had failed, losing in this gallant charge of skirmishers 14 killed and wounded, including 1 commissioned officers killed. The regiment rejoined its brigade on the morning of the 15th. The aggregate losses of the brigade during four days' fighting and skirmishing were 402 - 19 commissioned officers and 383 enlisted men. Five officers were killed, Lieutenant Brannan of the Eleventh, Lieutenant Hoyt of the One hundredth, Adjutant Ward, and Lieutenants Clough and Rea of the Twenty-fourth, intelligent and brave young men and accomplished officers, whose early deaths are indeed to be lamented. Not untimately their fall, for they fell at the post of duty in a great cause, and their memories will be cherished by a greateful posterity. Nor alone will those be remembered, but the brave lads who stood so stoutly for their country, and died so gloriously. Let it be remembered, as an instance of the heroic spirit animating them all, that Private James Bean, of the Twenty-fourth, who fell in the retreat mortally wounded, waving his handkerchief to his comrades, calling them back, said: "Here, take my gun and equipments; carry them away safely. Never mind me; I have but a few moments to live." To Captain Amory and Lieutenants Sellmer and Mason, of my staff, are returned my unqualified thanks for their faithful and efficient services during the four days' campaign. Bravely and with zeal were admirably performed every duty assigned to them.

Trusting that the conduct of the Third Brigade, Terry's division, Tenth Corps, in the late affairs was such as to meet the approbation of my division commander, I have the honor to be, captain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. M. PLAISTED,

Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Tenth Corps.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Colonel N. Martin Curtis, One hundred and forty-second New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 15-17, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 3, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, in the late advance on Petersburg:

In compliance with orders received from Major-General Smith I moved my command, the Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, from camp near Point of Rocks at 2 a. m. on the morning of the

