
the field, although he attempted to do so. Doctor Conant, who was with the regiment, performed his duty in a manner worthy of all praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. RUGER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain H. B. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

AUGUST 16 - SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.- Campaign in Northern Virginia.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Clark, Third Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations August 28-30.
HDQRS. THIRD Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,September 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with circular of this date I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this regiment during the recent battles in the vicinity of Bull Run:

Thursday, August 28, on the march from Warrenton fire was opened upon us from a battery on an eminence near. Line of battle was immediately formed in rear of our batteries. One company was deployed as skirmishers to protect our flank. After remaining in line for an hour or two we resumed our march, taking across the country to near Bull Run, where we bivouacked for the night. Friday, August 29, under arms by daylight in the morning. Returned across the country by nearly the same route we came, marching in column by division on the flank of battery. When we reached the Warrenton turnpike again we were subjected to a very severe fire from the batteries of the enemy. Returned again to same point we left in the morning. Again marched over a part of the same ground we did in the morning. Formed line of battle on the crest of hill and remained till after dark, when we fell back in line of battle to the same point we left in the morning, where we bivouacked for the night. Saturday, August 30, under arms before daylight. Marched farther to the right than either of the previous days. Went onto the field in column by division; supported two different batteries; had several men wounded; was subjected to a very heavy fire from the battery on the eminence nearly in front of our own battery. Retired to the ravine, where we remained a short time. Advanced to woods near by in line of battle to support the Bucktail Regiment as skirmishers. Again marched down to the valley. Formed line on road near Centerville and was engaged with infantry. Made a charge with the division and drove the enemy from the ground. Again marched to the eminence on the right, and from that point fell back and marched the death of Captain H. Clay Beatty, one of the most promising officers in the regiment. His loss will be severely feltnot easily supplied. I take pleasure in stating that all the officers and men of the command engaged behaved well.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding First Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

[12.]

