
Petersburg on the 15th of June. On arriving at Bermuda Hundred on the evening of the 14th of June I received orders to be in readiness to follow Brooks' division across the Appomatox at daylight on the morning of the 15th. I left orders with General Stannard to move forward his brigade, and with Colonel Stedman to follow, and repaired in person to Bermuda Hundred to hasten forward the balance of my command. Shortly after daylight the following morning (having been detained at Bermuda Hundred during the night) I went to the head of my column, and moved on the Spring Hill road toward Petersburg. After advancing about two miles from Broadway, on the Appomattox, I encountered the enemy's skirmishers. I directed General Stannard to deploy a regiment of skirmishers and we immediately moved forward. The enemy, supported by artillery, but in small force, opposed our advance at every advantageous cover of the woods. We advanced steadily until we reached the junction of the Spring Hill and City Point roads, where the commanding general directed us to halt and form a junction with Brooks' division. From this point a broad flat extends about a mile to the Appomatox, which is perfectly overlooked from Archer's Hill, on the west bank of the Appomatox. At this point, under orders from the commanding general, I sent Stannard's brigade forward on my left, with his skirmishers advanced and connecting with Brooks on the left, and with further directions, bu arrangement with General Brooks, to take the City point Railroad as the line of direction and connection with Brooks' division. This brigade was placed so as to be much annoyed by and under the fire of the enemy's works on Jordna's Hill, but it resolutely maintained its ground. I sent Stedman's brigade to the right, and extended his skirmishers to the Appomatox. Colonel Stedman moved forward his right more than 800 yards, and came immediately in view and within reach of then Harrison's Creek. We were now ready to move forward, but were, through my whole line, under the guns from Jordan's Hill. At about 4 o'clock in the afternoon the enemy got two pieces of artillery in position on Archer's Hill, on the west side of the Appomatox, from which point they immediately opened a fire in reverse on Stedman's lines. He was suffering severely from this fire, against which I had nothing to interpose. He was compelled to retire about 800 yards. A recnnoitering party thrown toward Harrison's Creek was left unsupported about this time, and about fifteen in number were taken prisoners. At about 7 o'clock an advance was ordered along the lines. City point and Petersburg highway. This afforded some protection against the fire, which was incessant from Archer's Hill. In this advance Stannard took two pieces of artillery, and Stedman reached the enemy's fortified position at Harrison's creek. It was now quite dark, and I received orders from the general commanding to withdraw my command back to the Spring Hill road, and around to Brooks' rear on the heights, which I did. My total losses in this day's engagement were-

Killed....................... 13

Wounded...................... 133

Missing...................... 38

-----

Total........................ 184

On the morning of the following day my division was ordered back to the position held at noon of the preceding day. I was now joined by Colonel Gibson's Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery. At 6

