
Maryland Veteran Volunteers, and Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, is under command of General Ames. On the morning of the 21st we were ordered to the front of Petersburg. My division immediately relieved Neill's division of the Sixth Corps. In that position it has remained to this time, strengthening the lines and advancing them gradually. Since the 21st ultimo the aggregate of casualties in my division amounts to-

Killed........................ 20

Wounded....................... 136

-----

Total......................... 156

In this hurried narrative of operations I have had no leisure to revise and condense my statements. With few exceptions I have been satisfied with the officers and men of the old regiments of my command. The two regiments recently added remain to be tried. The operations detailed have been constantly supervised by the commanding general of the Eighteenth Corps, and it has been a sufficient achievement if the division has performed the duty which he has skillfully prepared for it to fulfill.

All which is respectfully submitted.

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36 and 40.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of Sanders' brigade, of the First Division of this corps, and of two batteries which were detached and placed under my command on the 9th and 10th of May, ultimo, during the movement from Bermuda Hundred toward Petersburg, on the west side of the Appomattox:

On the evening of the 8th of May, under instructions from Major-General Butler, I reported to Major-General Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, and received his instructions to mvoe early in the morning with Sanders' brigade and two batteries across the mill road near the outlet of Bake-House Creek toward Port Walthall Junction, and to take positions which would enable me to hold and cover that line of march, and to guard against any attack of the enemy on the left flank of Brooks' division as that division was moved against Port Walthall Junction. Early in the morning of the 9th, following the instructions of Major-General Smith, I moved the command forward cautiously, but without encountering the enemy. On debouching from the defile across Bake-House Creek on to the open ground, about one mile easterly from the junction, I disposed the regiments and batteries so as to cover the route from which I had marched, and to sweep the ground as far as the junction. Here I rested, and communicated to the commanding general my position. In the course of two hours the skirmishers in Brooks' advance began to appear, and moved to the junction and along the course of the railroad toward Swift Creek. Thereupon I advanced my command, keeping it as much as possible under cover, as my left flank was within range of the guns at Fort Clifton, between the Appomattox and Swift Creek. I sent a

