
Report of Colonel Albert L. Magilton, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations August 28-30.
HDQRS. 4TH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,Near Munson's Hill, Va., September 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make out the following report of the operations of the Fourth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, during the three days' operations in the vicinity of Bull Run:

On Thursday, the 28th of August, 1862, we passed through Gainesville, on the Warrenton and Alexandria turnpike, on our way toward Centerville; that about two or three miles this side of Gainesville the enemy's battery opened upon the head of our column. The Fourth Regiment was immediately formed in line to support Captain Ransom's battery on the left of the road. After remaining about half an hour in this position we were shifted to the right of the road. Shortly afterward we were marched by the right flank in a southeasterly direction through woods and fields until we struck the Gainesville and Manassas Junction road. We marched along that road until we struck the road from Manassas Junction to the stone house on the Warrenton turnpike; that we continued along this road until we were about half a mile from the stone house. We then turned into a field for the night, where we bivouacked. Next morning we went to the south of the Warrenton turnpike, and finally reached the turnpike about one mile a and half from the stone house toward Gainesville. Here the Fourth Regiment was detailed to support Captain Cooper's battery (B), Pennsylvania Reserves. The fire of the enemy being very destructive and a body of rebel infantry attacking us on the left flank, it was deemed necessary to fall back to the south of the road to meet the enemy coming down upon us. After remaining there in line for a short time the whole brigade fell back in good order to the field where we had bivouacked the night before. We were then thrown forward toward the stone house, where we remained in position until after dark, when we fell back to the same field, where we bivouacked again for the night. Saturday morning whe road toward the stone house and formed line of battle on the left of the Warrenton turnpike. Here we advanced to the front and occupied the ground where General Patrick's brigade had the fight the evening before. Here we lay in line of battle until the afternoon, when we were formed in the woods to our left. We remained here until the general engagement took place, when we were marched by a flank to the right of the Warrenton turnpike. Afterward formed on the left of the Warrenton turnpike and to the rear of the road we had marched on in the morning. Here we made a charge upon the enemy and gained the road leading to the stone house, where we expended all our ammunition, and then fell back in good order. Finally we fell back on the Centerville road beyond Bull Run and bivouacked for the night. I lost in the three days the following, viz: One captain, 3 sergeants, 2 corporals, and 6 privates wounded and missing.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. MAGILTON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment, Pa. Reserve VOL. Corps, Commanding Regiment

Captain E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meade's Brigade.

[12.]

---------------

*But see table, VOL. XII, Part II, p. 256.

---------------

