
respectfully beg the general commanding to consider the extreme difficulty of success against the obstacles with which the brigade contended, and the bravery and gallantry of the troops will be acknowledged. The Second New Hampshire Volunteers entered the engagement after the time of a large portion of the regiment had expired. They deserve credit for their conduct. Sergeant Hoyt, Company G, color-bearer of the Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, was wounded and fell with the standard, he being the last wehen the regiment fell back. With his flag he crawled some distance, but finally, exhausted, could go no farther, when Corporal Wallace, running into the open field, took the flag and returned it to the regiment. Both were very brave. After the charge the brigade formed line facing to the right, and remained during the day under a heavy fire, losing many officers and men. In this position they threw up, with cup, plate, and bayonet, an infantry parapet of considerable strength. After dark a parapet was run across the open field to connect with General Ames upon the right. The brigade occupied it before daylight. On the night of the 4th another parapet was run, which threw the line 100 yards near the enemy, and shortened it considerably. On the night of the 5th instant still another parapet was run, bringing the left fifty yards nearer the enemy, and again shortening our line. The brigade occupied these trenches until the morning of the 11th instant, when it was relieved by General Stannard's brigade and occupied the rear line, vacated by the Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery. On the morning of the 12th instant, under orders from the brigadier-general commanding division, the brigade moved at 11 o'clock and reached White House at 4 p. m., where it bivouacked for the night. On the 13th instant they embarked on board transport Webster and reached Bermuda Hundred at 8 p. m. on the 14th instant; disembarked and marched to a point near Major-General Butler's headquarters, and received orders to move again at 3.30 a. m. of the 15th instant. I shall have the honor to continue this report and forward immediately. A full report of casualties has already been presented.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GRIFF. STEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Report of Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eigth New York Infantry, of operations at Cold Harbor, Va., June 2-12, 1864.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., June 13, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: A report of the part taken by my command in the action of June 1 near Cold Harbor, Va., has already been forwarded to division headquarters.+ During the ten days following (from 2nd to 11th, inclusive) it was engaged in no operations of magnitude, but merely employed in holding our intrenched lines in front of those of the enemy, in picket, and other similar duties. During the evening of

---------------

*Embodied in table, VOL. XXXVI, Part I, p. 179.

+See VOL. XXXVI, Part I, p. 1018.

---------------

80 R R - VOL LI, PT I

