
the 12th instant in obedience to orders from Brigadier General A. Ames, commanding Third Division, I withdrew three of my regiments, leaving the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers (for the occasion attached to the command of Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers), and proceeded to the White House, where the Forty-eighth rejoined me; thence by water to Point of Rocks, rejoining the Tenth Corps. A list of casualties during the period covered by this report, amounting to fifty, is forwarded herewith.*

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]

Reports of Major James A. Colvin, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations at Cold Harbor, Va., June 1-2, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,June 2, 1864.

The undersigned respectfully reports that since the charge made by the Eighteenth Corps on the 1st day of June, 1864, he is the only field officer of the Second Brigade, Third Division, remaining present for duty. That this brigade, consisting of the One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Ninth Maine Volunteers, and Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, under command of Colonel J. C. Drake, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, was ordered to charge the line of rebel pits immediately in front of the position occupied by the brigade on the afternoon of June 1, 1864. The brigade charged in heavy marching order across a wide, open field and through a piece of woods to the crest of the hill, where the enemy lay intrenched. The enemy were driven from their position. They returned in force and drove the right of this brigade from the position they had gained. In this assault Colonel J. C. Drake, commanding brigade, who had distinguished himself for his gallantry and daring, was mortally wounded; Colonel McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, was killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel Alden, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, wounded. The regiments thus repulsed rallied and regained the pits, passing beyond them. The First Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Corps, had by this time come up, and rendered efficient service in regaining the position. The right of the division was again subjected to an enfilading fire, and fell back but a short distance, only to return and hold the entire crest of the hill opposite their position, with the exception of a small pit lying at nearly a right angle with the position which had been gained. The brigade was relieved at the expiration of twenty-four hours. It is with surprise that the undersigned has heard that any other division or corps has arrogated the credit, if credit there be, of driving the enemy from their position or gaining the rebel works in front of the position occupied by the Eighteenth Corps. The colonel commanding this brigade

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 6 men wounded in Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania; 2 men killed and 4 men wounded in Forty-seventh New York; 2 men killed, and 2 officers and 19 men wounded in Forty-eight New York; and 4 men killed and 10 men wounded in One hundred and fifteenth New York.

---------------

