
was mortally wounded with one foot on the rebel works, and no force was in front of the Eighteenth Corps or assisted in retaining the position gained by them until after dusk, when the Sixth Corps, or a portion of them, moved in by the flank, the First and Second Brigades of the Eighteenth Corps at this time occupying the enemy's works and having thrown out a picket or skirmish line in advance of them. The casualties in the brigade are as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offic	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offic	 Men.

 ers.	 	 cers	 	 ers.

 	 	 .

112th New York	 1	 20	 4	 106	 1	 21

Volunteers.

169th New York	 1	 7	 5	 76	 ...	 8

Volunteers.

9th Maine	 ...	 10	 4	 38	 2	 8

Volunteers.

13th Indiana	 ...	 1	 2	 8	 ...	 ...

Volunteers.

Total.	 2	 38	 15	 228	 3	 37

The number of prisoners captured by the brigade cannot be accurately determined, many having been sent without a guard. The estimated number is 521.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. COLVIN,

Major 19th New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36.]
HEADQUARTERS 169TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near ppetersburg, Va., July 2, 1864.

The undersigned, having been at this date called on for a report of the part taken by the Second Brigade (Drake's), Third Division (Devens'), Eighteenth Corps, in the action of Cold Harbor, June 1 and ensuing, would state that by reference to the books of that division, now commanded by General Ames, he has ascertained that the report made by him a few days subsequent to that action was forwarded to headquarters Eighteenth Corps June 9.

The brigade, consisting of One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, and Ninth Maine Volunteers, under Colonel J. C. Drake, was ordered to charge the line of the enemy's works. The order was obeyed, and the works gained. The enemy returned in force and reoccupied a portion of the line. The troops rallied and regained the pits, Barton's brigade coming to their support. Again both brigades, being attacked and receiving an enfilading fire, fell back on their right. They again advanced to the attack and retained the position they had gained. The brigade lost heavily in officers and men. Colonel Drake, commanding brigade, was mortally wounded in the first charge and in the enemy's works; Colonel McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York, killed. The undersigned, the junior field officer of the entire brigade, was the only field officer left for duty. The brigade was relieved on the 2nd of June, having occupied the ground for twenty-four hours. At this late date it is impossible to make any extended or precise report, owing to the absence of necessary data. The total loss of

