
fight on foot. I conducted them to a point on the right of the road indicated by Colonel S. H. Mix, commanding brigade; deployed four companies as skirmishers, and thus, with the remaining six companies as reserves, commenced the advance. The ground was found to be of a very difficult nature, owing to a thick undergrowth of vines and briars. Passing over this with great difficulty we came in view of the enemy's works, about 50 yards distant. The ground in front was level and clear. When the line became straightened I ordered a charge, which was vigorously sustained at first, but finally failed owing to the development of a work on our right, which opened an enfilading fire upon the line, and which had before been masked from our view. The line being checked, retired in fair order to the edge of the chaparral, where it remained skirmishing with the enemy until an order was received from the general commanding to join the column, which it did. The officers and men engaged were subjected to a severe artillery fire from the time they debouched from the woods until they were finally withdrawn. In the charge the artillery firing of the enemy was well directed and rapid, supported by a lively sprinkliThe light list of casualties (appended herewith) may be attributed to the men availing themselves of whatever cover presented itself.* The works of the enemy demonstrated upon were a line of square redoubts, connected by covered ways, which latter also served as rifle-pits. The force defending them was not large, but sufficient, I think, to have held them against any effort we could have made with our available force. The conduct of the officers and men was as dashing and energetic as could have been expected, considering their previous fatigue. Captain George J. Ker, of my regiment, was conspicuous for his gallantry and coolness. Individual cases of gallantry among the enlisted men also occurred. They will be rewarded by promotion. Nothing further occurred during the march worthy of mention. I arrived here at 4.30 this a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant I. H. PUTNAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[40.]

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George Stetzel, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry of operations on south side of the James River, June 9, and in the Richmond (Va.) Campaign, June 15, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., June 10, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions received from headquarters Second Cavalry Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the operations of yesterday against the enemy near Petersburg, Va.:

I left the camp of my regiment near the intrenched line between the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock on the night of June 8, 1864, with 640 men and two mountain howitzers. Crossed the pontoon bridge below Point of Rocks. Proceeded toward Petersburg on the main road leading from City Point. My regiment, in advance, met and charged the enemy's pickets within two miles of Petersburg, capturing four and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 men wounded and 2 men missing.

---------------

