
Report of Captain Joseph G. Holmes, Seventh Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations August 21 - September 1.
HDQRS. 7TH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,Camp Near Munson's Hill, September 5, 1862.

In pursuance of brigade orders issued this day, September 5, 1862, from brigade headquarters, I respectfully beg leave to report the following:

On the 21st of August, at 9 p. m., the regiment took up the line of march for (destination unknown) from camp near Falmouth, Va. Halted for the night about four miles from late camp at 1 a. m. At 4 o'clock resumed the march, and arrived near Kelly's Ford at 6 p. m. August 22. Remained there until next morning at 8 a. m., and took up the march for Warrenton, passing the Rappahannock Station, the railroad bridge being on fire. Arrived near Warrenton at 3 p. m. Camped in line of battle until next day, August 24, when the order of march was again resumed toward the river. Halted again at 6 o'clock at Forbes' house, and formed line of battle. Remained there until the morning of 27th. Resumed the march for Bull Run. Halted for the night in a large field in close proximity to the enemy. Marched again at daybreak, nothing occurring worthy of note until about 11 a. m., when the rebels opened a destructive fire on us from a battery posted on our left. We, however, suffered no injury, the shells passing over. Our battery was placed in position, and we supported it until ordered to proceed forward. We arrived near the battle-field, on which a desperate battle was raging, near the old Bull Run field, at 8 p. m. Thursday, August 28. The regiment was sent on picket the same night. At daylight [29th] it was withdrawn, and marched for the field of action. Stood and marched in line, supporting different positions, until 2 p. m., when we were relieved, and marched to the rear to rest and take some nourishment. At 4 o'clock returned to the field, but not yet under fire, only occasionally being shelled. No casualties. Withdrew from the field at 8.30 o'clock. Resumed the contest at an early hour next morning, 29th [30th]. Advanced over the battle-field, supporting the battery during the fight. At this time (9 o'clock) the fire of the enemy was lively, doing us some damage, having five men wounded, one mortally. Being ordered to the left to prevent a flank movement, the regiment was deployed as skirmishers through the woods. No enemy appearing, we were drawn out and sent farther to the right, passing through a desperate fire to gain the position. Remained there a short time, then pushed back to the left with the batteries, which soon got in position, doing fearful havoc among the enemy, who had advanced some distance. Shortly after we were ordered to charge on the enemy, who were still pushing forward to capture a battery on our left. We went into the charge on a double-quick, and drove them back a considerable distance, capturing a number of prisoners, who were sent to the rear. We remained in the action and kept the enemy back until most of our ammunition was exhausted, when we were relieved. It was during this charge Lieutenant Colonel R. M. Henderson, while leading the regiment forward, was dangerously wounded in the side just above the hip. He was brought safe from the field and is now in Washington. The loss in killed, wounded, and missing is twenty-seven men, a small number for a regiment to be exposed to such a deadly and vigorous fire as they were exposed to that day, yet the companies composing the regiment did not average more than eighteen men each on that day or during the engagement. At 7.30 o'clock or thereabouts orders were

