
In the middle of the day a halt of at least two hours will be made, when rations will be served and the men allowed to rest, except the working party, which will be divided into two reliefs. The most vigorous exertion, however, must be made consistent with the health of the men to push on to the junction of the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroads. At this point resistance has been threatened, and care will be taken to so far consolidate the column of troops as to be in the best position to repel it.

The general of brigade relies upon the enviable reputation of the Seventh Regiment and his personal knowledge of the constancy and endurance of the Eighth Regiment that the suggestions made in this order will be faithfully, and as he knows fearlessly, carried out in the face of any danger. The portion of the Eighth Regiment now at the Naval Academy will take up its line of march at 6 o'clock. The remainder of the Seventh will follow this detachment as soon as practicable. This order, so far as the Eighth Regiment is concerned, will be executed under the direction of Colonel Munroe. Colonel Lefferts will co-operate with him with the Seventh Regiment.

By order of B. F. Butler, brigadier-general:

W. H. CLEMENCE,

Brigade Major.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Annapolis, April 24, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON:

DEAR SIR: After leaving you with Mr. Felton at Philadelphia, I proceeded with the remnant of my command, one regiment having been sent through Baltimore, of whose sad mishaps you have heard, and two others being at Fortress Monroe, leaving with me but an imperfectly armed regiment of 800 men to execute the suggestions so happily made by you to Governor Curtin - to occupy and hold Annapolis and open a communication from thence to Washington via the Junction.

Upon my arrival I found Captain Blake, the superintendent of the Naval School, considerably alarmed for the safety of the frigate Constitution, moored off the Academy as a practice ship, and having a crew of but thirty men. Appreciating at once the necessity of having the ship to cover our connections, as well as a strong desire to keep Old Ironsides out of the hands of those who would be but too happy to raise their Confederate flag upon the Constitution as the first ship of their hoped-for navy, I at once came alongside, and giving the assistance of my whole command as well to guard the ship as to hoist out her guns, I was happy to see her afloat outside the bar ready to do good service. I put on board of her to guard her from an attempt at surprise, 125 of my best men, and 25 more men to work her guns, upon which service they are still absent. Sunday afternoon, in towing out the frigate, one of her men fell overboard, and while drifting to pick him up the steamer Maryland, a steam ferry-boat upon which was my command, ran aground, where she lay till Monday night at 12 o'clock, in spite of the most persevering efforts to move her. Monday morning about 8 o'clock the Seventh Regiment (New York) came up and I joined them, and landed at the Navy School, against the protest of Governor Hicks, copy of which I inclose.* I had an interview with the Governor of Maryland and the city authorities of Annapolis, in which I learned that the company of the Annapolis and Elk Cliff [Ridge] Railroad had

---------------

*See VOL. II, p. 586.

---------------

