
These, I believe, will be sufficient for the defense of the place until some guns for sea-coast defense shall be brought here. I have not thought best to hurry the troops forward on the instant, as they might not be able to stand the march, as the weather is very warm. They will, however, be sent forward without delay. We are without intelligence from Washington for three days, but I have an arrangement with the telegraph company which I hope will [restore] communication. Colonel Keyes, Captain Blake, and [Professor] Lockwood all agree in the propriety of this movement, considering the great importance of this post. I have the honor further to report the Harriet Lane lying below the bar, and the steamer Maryland, with two guns, also plying in the bay; I think a sufficient force to preserve our water passage. I have also the honor to inclose a memoranda* of some points betwixt Annapolis and Washington, being a duplicate of one which I propose to furnish to General Scott.

Trusting that my conduct may meet your approbation, I am, very respectfully, your servant,

B. F. B[UTLER].

[2.]

MAYOR'S OFFICE, CITY HALL,

Baltimore, May 13, 1861.

General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army:

SIR: I have just been informed that you have arrived at the Camden Station with a large body of troops under your command. As the sudden arrival of such a force will create much surprise in the community, I beg to be informed whether you propose that it shall remain at the Camden Station, so that the police may be notified and proper precaution may be taken to prevent any disturbance of the peace.

Your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. BROWN,

Mayor.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRD CORPS, Numbers 48. May 16, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding division congratulates it on its achievements of the 2nd and 3rd of May. The division pierced the center of the enemy's column, captured over 700 prisoners, then returning, breaking through the enemy, who closed in its rear, executed successfully the order of the major-general commanding the army to attack the enemy at midnight; then, receiving the enemy's attack at daylight, held their hordes in check and at bay until ordered to withdraw and hold a position of honor given to it in front of the new lines. The division has added to the reputation gained at Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, Glendale, Malvern, Manassas, Chantilly, Fredericksburg, and can now add to those names the Cedars and Chancellorsville. With unabated confidence in the gallant generals commanding the corps and the army, this division awaits with impatience the order to again meet the enemy of our country. Our rejoicing is mingled with regret for the slain and wounded, but the recollection of their bravery and martyrdom will be fresh with us evermore and incite us to still greater efforts. The brigadier-general commanding division announces the following

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

