
given to march to the rear toward Centerville. The regiment being very much scattered, we halted for the night at the creek beyond Centerville (between the battle-field and Centerville), taking up the march again at daylight [31st], and went into camp at Centerville. Remained there until 4 p. m., reforming and reorganizing the companies and regiment, when we were ordered on picket, and marched about one mile and a halt from Centerville, taking position and throwing out three companies as skirmishers to feel for the enemy, which they found posted as cavalry pickets, dismounted, about a mile in advance of our regiment. Shots were exchanged and the skirmishers fell back, according to orders. The following day, September 1, we were withdrawn, and took up our march in retreat for Fairfax, where we arrived at 3 p. m. Halted for the night, and took up the march for the fortifications in front of Washington at 11 a. m. Colonel H. C. Bolinger met us on the road above Fairfax, having just returned after a severe illness, and immediately took command of the regiment amidst great cheering in the ranks.

JOSEPH G. HOLMES,

Captain Co. I, Seventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps,

Senior captain present and through all the engagements.

Colonel H. C. BOLINGER,

Seventh Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

[12.]

Report of Captain William Lemon, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations August 28-30.
HDQRS. EIGHTH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Camp at Upton's Hill, September 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I furnish you a report of the Eighth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps:

On the 28th of August, 1862, while the brigade was marching right in front on the Warrenton and Alexandria turnpike near New Market, the enemy opened fire on us at 9.30 a. m. One shell took effect in the rear of my regiment, killing 3 men and wounding 5 others. The brigade immediately formed in line of battle on the left of the pike. My regiment was ordered in the rear of the line near the woods as a reserve. After remaining in that position for about an hour I was ordered forward. I found the brigade moving to the right. My regiment was ordered to move in column of company in rear of Third Regiment, which regiment was moving by the right flank. We were on the right of the battery; the Fourth and Seventh on the left of battery; Bucktails in front as skirmishers. Moved on to within four miles of Manassas. Halted for an hour and got dinner, then moved on near Manassas and turned to the left in direction of Bull Run battle-field. Encamped near battle-field for the night.

Friday, August 29, 1862, ordered in line at daylight. Moved out to old battle-field. Formed line of battle right in front, column by division, closed en masse. Remained half an hour. Pennsylvania Reserve Corps moved to the left by the right flank into a field. Formed column by division, right in front. Bucktails moved forward as skirmishers. Third and Eighty Regiments on left of battery; Fourth and Seventh Regiments on right of battery. Moved forward one mile and a half to road. Deployed in line of battle. General Reynolds ordered me to the left to support Cooper's battery. Moved along the

