
left flank, brigade following in order to the hospital (King's). Formed line of battle. Seventh and Eighth Regiments ordered forward into the woods. Deployed one company from each forward as skirmishers. Remained in the woods for one hour, when heavy firing commenced on the right of the line. We were ordered out of the woods by the right flank. At this time the right wing began to fall back. Our column moved to the right and rear of some batteries on a hill. First Brigade formed line of battle near a road, and Second Brigade immediately in our rear. After remaining fifteen minutes both brigades moved off by the left flank, left in front, across a ravine to a hill in front of general hospital on old battle-ground. Halted and came to our proper front. Charged bayonets at double-quick across a field to a road. The Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers joining my regiment on the left, we halted on the road and delivered our fire. Held the enemy in check for half an hour, when the Fourth Infantry (regulars) came up in rear of us and delivered their fire over my regiment. After remaining here about one hour we fell back near the hospital. Halted for a short time, then moved off in the direction of Centerville. During the three days, and until we reached Centerville, my men had nothing to eat except four crackers each during the whole of the time. I must say that my men and officers behaved well during the engagements of those three days. Although having nothing to eat and marching every day, they were cheerful and obeyed my commands without hesitation. Many fell out of ranks, but as soon as they could have joined the regiment again, and are now ready and willing to try their hands again. I would here take occasion to bring to your notice Captain J. G. Henry, Company A; Captain J. M. Kent, Company I; Captain H. C. Dawson, Company G, of my regiment, for their bravery and coolness while engaged with the enemy.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. LEMON,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps.

[General MEADE.]

[12.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Baldy, Twelfth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations August 30.

TWELFTH REGIMENT, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,

Camp near Alexandria, August [September] 5, 1862.

SIR: In consequence of Colonel Hardin having been assigned to the command of the Third Brigade of the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps at the battle of Bull Run, August 30, 1862, I was left in command of the Twelfth Regiment of the said brigade. At the time I took command the Third Brigade was ordered to check the advance of the rebels by General McDowell on the left wing of our army, the Twelfth Regiment being in advance and on the right of the brigade. As soon as the front of the regiment was cleared of retiriregiment was ordered to fire, and continued to do so until the brigade fell back, the enemy being in overwhelming numbers. After we fell back I rallied the regiment and had but fifty-one men. I reported this fact to Colonel Hardin, who ordered me to fall back, after securing his person. I joined the first line of battle I came to, but they fell back, and so did also the second. I then received orders from one of General Pope's aides to march to Centerville. I then with the men joined General Patrick's force, after consulting with the commanding officer, and

