
and proceed in the direction of and to Sudley Springs to ascertain the force of the enemy in that quarter. A portion of a company of cavalry were placed under my command, and with them in advance I proceeded in the direction indicated, carefully examining the woods and ravines on my flanks to guard against a concealed enemy. At a point about two miles and a half from the Warrenton road a squad of rebel cavalry were seen in the distance, who retired as we advanced. Within sight of Sudley Springs we met a contraband direct from the enemy's lines, who informed me that the rebels lay in force immediately in rear of their battery, and were then commencing to move off to their left across the Warrenton road. Upon receiving this information I changed my direction and moved more to the right to ascertain if possible more fully their position and force, when an order was received from General Reynolds to fall back upon the road, as the command was moving off to the right in the direction of Manassas. Upon reaching the road I made a verbal report to the general in substance as above. The day being warm, and we necessarily moving rapidly, the men were much fatigued, when about 3 p. m. we joined your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. IRVIN,

Commanding Companies.

[12.]

Report of Captain Frank H. Langley, First Virginia Infantry, of operations August 29-30.

BIVOUAC NEAR WINCHESTER, October 15, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders I have the honor to forward to you a report of the part taken by the First Virginia Regiment in the battle of Groveton:

This regiment arrived, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner, with the brigade upon the right of our lines, on the railroad leading from Gainesville to Manassas, on Friday, the 29th of August, at about 1.30 o'clock. From there we moved across the railroad about half a mile under a heavy shelling from a battery of the enemy to our left. We then fell back under cover of a woods, and after remaining in that position an hour, returned, marching past the first position, and formed in line in rear of Hood's brigade, remaining there that night and until Saturday evening, when, at 4 o'clock, we were ordered forward and to the left to support General Jenkins. Passing through a small woods, we came into a large field, having the Chinn house to left. Then we cannonade for about 500 yards. The enemy holding on most stubbornly, but unable to stand, they fell back, leaving the battery in our hands. Here, colonel, allow me to call attention to the gallant bearing of Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner, who, at the head of his regiment, rode into the battery, cutting down two of the enemy at their guns. We advanced beyond the battery down a slope into some pines and there remained, holding this position until night, then falling back and bivouacking near our first position. Loss during both days, 4 killed and 26 wounded (3 since dead), and 1 missing.

I have, colonel, the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. LANGLEY,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel CORSE,

Commanding First Brigade.

[12.]

