
Report of Captain Philip S. Ashby, Seventh Virginia Infantry, of operations August 29-30.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA INFANTRY,Camp near Winchester, October 14, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this regiment was under a severe fire of artillery on the afternoon of the 29th of August, but met with no casualties. On the afternoon of the 30th the regiment was again in action, commanded by Colonel Patton, near the battery taken by the Seventh and Twenty-fourth Virginia. Colonel Patton, Lieutenant-Colonel Floweree, Major Swindler, Adjutant Patton, and Captains Bolen, Harris, and Fry, with Lieutenants Miller, Estes, Dean, Mullins, and Rosser, were wounded. After passing the battery, the right wing moved forward and the left wing formed in line of battle, facing to the left, and advanced in pursuit of the enemy until relieved. It is impossible for me to give the number of men engaged in the action. Officers and men all behaved with the greatest gallantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

PH. S. ASHBY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel M. D. CORSE,

Commanding First Brigade.

Casualties: Officers, none killed, 12 wounded; enlisted men, 5 killed, 36 wounded; total, 53.

[12.]

Report of Captain Robert M. Mitchell, Eleventh Virginia Infantry, of operations August 30.

BIVOUAC ELEVENTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,

Near Winchester, Va., October 19, 1862.

COLONEL: Agreeably to your order I herewith transmit a report as made by Captain Mitchell of the part taken in the battle of Manassas August 30, 1862, by the Eleventh Virginia Regiment:

The regiment went into this action under command of Major Adam Clement, and, in conjunction with other regiments of this brigade, captured two batteries, drove their supports from the field, and held a position a hundred yards in advance of the position of the batteries, keeping the enemy at bay, we being too few, having lost considerably, to advance against such odds as confronted us, until our supports came upon the field, when we retired, by order, to reform.

In consequence of the absence of the adjutant, I am unable to state, with any certainty, the number carried into this engagement. Both officers and men conducted themselves with their usual skill, courage, and bravery, losing 9 killed and 55 wounded.

GEO. W. LAZENBY,

Acting Adjutant.

[Colonel M. D. CORSE.]

[12.]

Report of Major Arthur Herbert, Seventeenth Virginia Infantry, of operations August 29-30.

CAMP OF SEVENTEENTH VIRGINIA INFANTRY,

October 14, 1862.

SIR: I herein report part taken by the Seventeenth Virginia Regiment in the actions of the 29th and 30th of August at and near Manassas:

Leaving our bivouac at Thoroughfare Gap on morning of 29th, we soon came in sound of the guns, and a short distance below Gainesville,

