
in sight of our batteries, then replying rapidly to those of the enemy, were sent with our brigade and took position on extreme right of our line. In taking this position we had to cross an open field in full view of the enemy's batteries, which opened upon us with a hot fire of shell, under which our line advanced steadily and coolly. Our casualties were two men wounded. We were afterward moved with our brigade some three-quarters of a mile to the left, where we remained under arms and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 30th again under arms in same position, and remained so until about 4 o'clock in the evening, when orders arrived for our brigade to forward in the direction of the Chinn house. Some half a mile this side, our brigade was formed in line of battle, the Seventeenth occupying the right, Colonel Marye commanding. When near the Chinn house came under heavy fire of shell and musketry, the enemy's batteries and line of battle being in full view on the hill beyond. Our line advanced firmly under the enemy's fire, and not until the men commenced firing and advancing did any irregularities occur, though many were shot down in this part of the engagement. It was here that our lieutenant-colonel received his wound and fell nobly doing his duty. The well-known bravery and good conduct of this officer needs no eulogy. Our color-sergeant being struck down, the colors were hardly allowed to touch the ground before they were seized by Corporal Harper, of the color guard, and by him carried steadily and bravely to the front during the remainder of the fight. Though somewhat scattered, our regiment assisted in capturing the enemy's guns and driving them from that portion of the field. Private Coleman, Company E, taking from the enemy's color-bearer the national colors of one of their regiments, handed them to Colonel Corse, who, waving them in front of the brigade, added life and renewed energy to our men. Officers and men, with rare exceptions, behaved well. Conspicuous for their coolness I beg leave to mention Lieutenant Gardner, acting adjutant of the regiment; Lieutenant Perry, in command Company A; Lieutenant Turner, commanding Company C; Lieutenant Wallace, commanding Company F; Lieutenant Tubman, commanding Company E; Sergeant Lovelace, Company H, killed on the field; Privates Harper and Manly, Company G; Corpl. T. Ryan, Company I, and many others whose names cannot be learned at this late day, owing to absence, wounds, and death of officers. Below please find list of casualties.*

Respectfully,

A. HERBERT,

Major Seventeenth Virginia Regiment.

Colonel M. D. CORSE.

[12.]

Report of Captain Joseph A. Hambrick, Twenty-fourth Virginia Infantry, of operations August 29-30.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,October 14, 1862.

SIR: In the absence of Colonel Terry and the other field officers of the regiment I have the honor that on the afternoon of the 29th of August this regiment was detached from the brigade and ordered to the support of Captain Rogers' battery, and although subjected to a severe artillery fire for several hours, I have no casualties to report

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 men killed and 5 officers and 39 men wounded.

---------------

