
except that Captain Shelton was severely wounded by a fragment of shell. Lieutenant Smith, commanding Company B, was sent forward with his company deployed as skirmishers, but sustained no injury. The Twenty-fourth remained in supporting distance of the battery until the afternoon of the 30th, when it was ordered to join the brigade. Being formed on the left of the brigade, the whole brigade moved off in the direction of the Chinn house, now the theater of a furious cannonade. A short halt was made in a corn-field and the brigade formed in line of battle. A moment afterward and the word "forward, men, forward," rang out along the whole line. The regiment moved off in good order, passed over the corn-field and through a narrow skirt of woods, and came suddenly upon an open field in full view of the enemy's battery, not more than 600 yards distant, its supports and his long line of battle to the right. No halt was made, but the men and officers dashed forward in splendid style. Just before reaching the Chinn house Lieutenant-Colonel Hairston received a painful wound in the thigh and retired from the field. In passing the house the right of the Twenty-fourth and the left of the Seventh became intermingled, but formed promptly as soon as the obstacle was passed. We were not more than 250 yards from the enemy's battery. He at once opened upon us with canister, doing considerable damage, but the men went forward like heroes. Lieutenant French was here killed, Lieutenants Carter and Shockley severely wounded. The enemy stood by his guns until we had almost reached his line of battle, when he suddenly gave way and went pell-mell across the field, leaving their splendid battery a trophy to the valor of the Twenty-fourth and Seventh Virginia Regiments (the directly over the ground occupied by it). The enemy was pursued to the neighboring woods, when the brigade was relieved. Colonel Terry had his horse shot in two places and behaved most gallantly. I regret to say that our loss was very heavy, being nearly 40 per cent., having 11 killed and 67 wounded, a good many of whom have since died.

Respectfully submitted.

J. A. HAMBRICK,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-fourth Virginia Regiment, Kemper's Brigade.

Colonel CORSE,

Commanding First Brigade, Kemper's Division.

[12.]

SEPTEMBER 6, 1862.- Evacuation of Frederick, Md., by Union forces.

Report of Captain William T. Faithful, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade Infantry.

CAMP AT SANDY HOOK, MD.,

September 8, 1862.

SIR: Having been notified on the night of the 5th of September, 1862, by Colonel D. S. Miles, commanding, that Frederick was threatened by the enemy, and that I should destroy all quartermaster and commissary stores, I hereby make the following report:

I immediately had all the horses sent off to a place of safety in Pennsylvania. I immediately gathered up all the cars in Frederick and loaded them with quartermaster and commissary stores and shipped them to Baltimore. I then proceeded to gather all Government wagons, with others that I pressed into service, and loaded them

