
with the most costly of hospital stores, and all books and papers of the quartermaster's and commissary departments, and placed them under the command of Lieutenant G. T. Castle, acting assistant quartermaster, and sent them on toward Pennsylvania, after which I sent some 275 convalescents from the hospital to Gettysburg, to intercept the Northern Central Railroad, that they might be shipped to Baltimore or Philadelphia, and not fall into the hands of the enemy. Such hospital stores as could not be sent off for the want of transportation I ordered to be destroyed, under the superintendence of Asst. Surg. R. F. Weir, in charge of hospital. After having seen everything safely off, I then ordered the telegraph operator to detach his instruments and leave for Baltimore or Washington, to report to the general superintendent. This having been accomplished, I started with my company and all men belonging to the regiment for Knoxville. Having arrived there, and finding no headquarters, I came on to Sandy Hook and reported my command to Colonel W. P. Maulsby. I have further to report that in consequence of having no means of conveyance I could not bring any of my company property along with me, consequently I am without company books, tents, &amp;c. I arrived at Sandy Hook Saturday afternoon at 4 o'clock, September 6, 1862.

All of which I most respectfully submit.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

W. T. FAITHFUL,

Captain, Lake Provost-Marshal and Commanding Officer at Frederick, Md.

Lieutenant H. C. REYNOLDS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Railroad Brigade, Harper's Ferry, Va.

[19.]

SEPTEMBER 3-20, 1862.- The Maryland Campaign.

Report of Lieutenant Peter C. Hains, U. S. Corps of Engineers, commanding Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations September 5-18.

CAMP AT SHARPSBURG, MD.,

September 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of Horse Battery M, Second Artillery, during the recent engagements with the enemy. The battery was attached to General Pleasonton's cavalry division September 5, 1862. It was complete with six pieces, 3-inch caliber. We left Tennallytown on the evening of 5th of September, and proceeded with the cavalry on the advance, without any occurrence of importance till we arrived at Dawsonville. By General Pleasonton's order a section under Lieutenant Chapin was detached and sent forward with Colonel Farnsworth's cavalry to Poolesville (Lieutenant Chapin's report is annexed).* Lieutenant Chapin rejoined the battery at Barnesville on the 9th instant. On the morning of the 10th, by General Pleasonton's order, his section was sent to report to Colonel McReynolds. On the 11th instant the rest of the battery moved forward with the cavalry, and overtook the enemy on the morning of the 13th, posted on the crest of the hills commanding the road to Middletown. The enemy opened fire on us as we approached, at about 6 a. m. I brought forward the leading section and placed it in action on the right of the road. The other section was held in reserve. Captain Robertson took position on my left and somewhat nearer the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

