
enemy. The firing was thus kept up for some time. Being under captain Robertson's orders, I received orders from him to bring forward my reserved section and open fire. This section I placed in an orchard about 1,400 yards from the enemy. The other section was moved up closer on the right. The whole battery then opened a fire of case-shot and percussion-shell on the enemy, and after a sharp cannonade of several hours the enemy retired. Notwithstanding the inequality of position of our battery and that of the enemy, we drove them from their position with the loss of only two horses. Upon their retiring, we followed with alacrity, and overtook them again near Middletown. A few rounds from a section of my battery, and from Captain Gibson's battery on my right, sufficed to silence them again, this time without loss on our part. That night one section was placed in a commanding position, covering the road to Boonsborough, and supported by three squadrons of the First Massachusetts Cavalry. The battery did not engage the enemy again until the battle of Sharpsburg, on the 17th instant. On the morning of the 17th others were received to move forward, which I did, supported by Colonel Childs' cavalry. We crossed the bridge at the Antietam Creek, moved forward, and immediately engaged the enemy. One section, under command of Lieutenant Hamilton, was placed in position on the right of the road, the other, under Sergeant Reilly, on the left, placed there by Captain Robertson. The enemy were in considerable force in front of us, and concentrated a heavy artillery fire on the right section. Sharpshooters sent forward by the enemy, and posting themselves behind a stone wall, annoyed us some, they being in good rifle range. After several hours' hard fighting, the enemy were either driven from their guns or compelled to retire. About this time I received orders to retire my battery, which not being immediately obeyed was repeated. I then retired the right section one piece at a time. As soon as the right section was fairly on the road I retired the other. Our loss in the whole engagement was, with the exception of one single horse, confined wholly to Lieutenant Hamilton's section. In that section I lost Lance Corporal Frain, wounded, 2 privates killed, 2 wounded, and 2 horses wounded. At the other section our loss was 1 horse killed. One of the ammunition chests hrough it. The projectiles principally used were case-shot and percussion shell. At about 5 p. m. I took position on the same hill, but on the right of the road, and engaged the enemy again. The fire this time was directed against their infantry entirely. The column of our fire, both on their advance and on being driven back. At dark I received orders to retire to my former camping ground. I am gratified to bring to your notice the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Hamilton, chief of the right section, who had to act as gunner at one of his pieces under a galling fire, which had disabled the gunner of it and wounded and killed four of its cannoneers. First Sergeant Reilly, who commanded the left section, performed his duties with remarkable coolness. Sergeants Frain (who was wounded) all deserve special notice. All the men of the company behaved with their accustomed coolness and courage with one exception, Private Litten, who was not at all remarkable for coolness or courage. On the morning of the 18th instant the battery started with Colonel McReynolds' cavalry toward Williamsport. Lieutenant Chapin was detached with his section to go with a battalion of the First New York Cavalry on the Sharpsburg road. His annexed report will show the part taken by the section in

