
advance was maintained under a most severe fire of artillery and infantry, which, however, was as briskly replied to as the forward movement would admit of. This continued until the left had reached within about forty yards of the front of woods mentioned, and in front of which the enemy had well established their line. The loss was becoming very heavy, especially on the right, and repeated demands were being made throughout the line for additional ammunition - the supply being by this time nearly exhausted. The left was re-enforced by a part of the Second (General Tower's) Brigade, is consequence of which, and the protected nature of the ground, a very heavy fire was maintained from this quarter, while on the right the fire was maintained from this quarter, while on the right the fire lessed every moment. At this time Colonel Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced through the woods to the right and engaged the enemy. Their ammunition being now entirely exhausted, the Eleventh Pennsylvania and Twelfth Massachusetts were withdrawn about 200 yards to the rear, where, being afterward joined by the Eighty-third New York and Thirteenth Massachusetts, the brigade was reformed. Here remained until the front line was occupied by another division, when, by orders of General Ricketts, again moved forward to join other brigades of division, where a supply of ammunition was received and a rest allowed.

In the afternoon again moved with division to the right to the support of batteries engaged at that point, and there remained during evening and night. The brigade went into action about 5 o'clock and retired about 9 a. m. For two hours of that time it was exposed to a most galling fire, as is shown by the casualties reported, while a view of the ground occupied by the enemy in this attack exhibits at least a fourfold mortality. The Eighty-third New York went into action with fifteen officers, of whom three were disabled. I would desire to make favorable mention of Captain Moesch and Captain Hendrickson, of this regiment. The Thirteenth Massachusetts had disabled three officers out of twelve taken into action. I would here make especial mention of Major Gould, commanding this regiment. He brought his men well into action, by his gallantry maintained and encouraged them while there, and was among the last to leave the field. The Eleventh Pennsylvania had five officers disabled (two temporarily) out of nine taken into action. Upon my assuming command of the brigade the command of this regiment devolved upon Captain D. M. Cook, who commanded throughout the action and brought it off the field. Adjutant Uncapher had his horse killed and was himself injured by the fall, but remained upon the field. The services of this officer were invaluable to me, being the only mounted assistant I had upon the field. Lieutenant Thomas also deserves mention for his gallantry. The Twelfth Massachusetts had killed and disabled eleven officer were invaluable to me, being the only mounted assistant I had upon the field. Lieutenant Thomas also deserves mention for his gallantry. The Twelfth Massachusetts had killed and disabled early. He performed his whole duty while in the field. Captain Allen, who next assumed command, was also severely wounded. I cannot express too high an opinion of this officer. He has proved himself one of the most gallant officers in the brigade. The command of this regiment next devolved upon Captain B. F. Cook, who commanded during the remainder of the action, and brought the regiment off the field. Lieutenant Clark and Lieutenant Dehon (acting adjutant), who with Captain Cook were the only officers left, are mentioned for their coolness and the efficient assistance rendered. The loss of officers cannot be replaced - many have been lost permanently to the service,

