
while others will be disabled for a long time. This, however, is of minor importance to the loss of General Hartsuff at the time and under the circumstances when it occurred. To appreciate this it is necessary to know both the officer and the high estimation in which he is held by his entire brigade. All had been schooled to look to him as their leader, in whom all trust could be placed and no faltering was to be apprehended. It was with elasticity and buoyancy of spirit unprecedented that our line first moved to the fight. The change was most perceptible when we had learned that General Hartsuff could not further lead his regiments on that day. A detailed report of casualties has been heretofore furnished. This was incomplete, however, owing to the circumstances. An additional report of casualties will be made when the necessary information can be obtained.*

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. COULTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN W. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General of District.

[19.]

Report of Colonel R. Biddle Roberts, First Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, September 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Sunday afternoon, September 14, 1862, the regiment, as a portion of the First Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, advanced to South Mountain, moving in column of division, avoiding as much as possible the shell of the enemy, and gaining the immediate base of the mountain, remained some time under cover of a forest, and having formed line of battle, two companies, to wit, A, Lieutenant Nields commanding, and B, Lieutenant Bear commanding, were thrown out as skirmishers to support the First Rifles, who were hotly engaged with the enemy on the right. About 5 o'clock a general engagement came on, and having received an order to advance, I moved the eight remaining companies forward, and under the immediate personal direction of General Seymour charged up the mountain side. The enemy were strongly intrenched at the top behind rocks and temporary protections, and while advancing upon them we suffered severely from their fire, but by a rapid move we succeeded in driving them and gained the apex of the mountain in advance of all others. The enemy were armed with Enfield rifles (Tower guns), and their fire was particularly destructive, as will be seen by reference to the list of casualties already sent forward.+ Having gained the field and darkness coming on, we were unable to pursue the enemy farther, and lay upon our arms for the night. The troops engaged by us were mainly Alabama regiments, but their numbers or commanders' names I am unable to give, with the single exception of the name of Colonel Gayle, who was killed, and whose body was carefully buried by my men. On Monday we moved forward under general orders. I take pleasure in naming among my surviving officers and men the following as having particularly distinguished themselves for gallantry and good condu

---------------

*For revised table of losses, see VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 190.

+Embodied in table, VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 185.

---------------

