
sent a lieutenant to report to General Meade for orders. After considerable difficulty he found the general, who gave orders for the regiment to move up and support Ransom's battery. I marched the regiment to the point as directed, and found that Captain Ransom had been able to move but two pieces on the hill. I remained with them until they were ordered away. I followed them down to the turnpike and on to Antietam Creek, but in consequence of the road being blocked up with trains and troops, we were unable to rejoin the division until sunrise on the 16th. On the morning of the 16th we took our place in the division and marched with them until near what was afterward the battle-field of the 17th. Here I was ordered to throw out eight companies of the regiment as skirmishers in different directions. With the balance of the regiment I marched to the woods, where the enemy opened fire upon us with artillery, and remained in this wood all night. Was engaged early on Wednesday morning. We first marched some distance by the right flank, then closed column by division and approached the enemy. When near enough we deployed into line of battle; but unfortunately we halted and fronted two or three times, which kept our flank for a considerable time exposed to a heavy fire. The last time our men became somewhat confused, but were soon rallied and held the enemy in check for a time until General Meade got a battery in place, which aided very materially in turning the tide of battle at that point until re-enforcements arrived on the ground. We were then relieved and ordered to retire to the rear. I would state that the eight companies of this regiment sent out as skirmishers were detained so late on Tuesday that many of the men and some of the officers were unable to find the regiment in the darkness; consequently we had short of 200 men in the engagement. Out of this number our killed and wounded was just 25 per cent. I take pleasure in mentioning the efficient aid rendered me on the field by the following officers: Major William Briner, Actg. Adjt. H. S. Jones, Captains Harkins, Straub, and Davenport, Lieutenants Bamford, Nicholson, and Glenn.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[19.]

Reports of Captain Thomas F. B. Tapper, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14-17.
HDQRS. 4TH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., October 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the Fourth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteers Corps, in the action of South Mountain, September 14, 1862:

The Fourth Regiment started from the Monocacy River Sunday, September 14, 1862, and marched on the Hagerstown turnpike until it reached the base of the South Mountains. Here the regiment was marched on a road leading to the right about two miles, and formed in line of battle facing the mountains. At the foot of the mountain we engaged the enemy, but the regiment advanced steadily and drove the enemy over the mountains, and took up a position near the summit, and slept on our arms for the night. The next morning it was found the enemy

