
Betts of Company C, of whom I have had occasion to mention favorably in a former report. I will take occasion to forward at an early period a list of the names of private soldiers whom I regard as worthy of especial mention. I must not, however, before closing this report, fail to mention the case of Major Chamberlin, of the One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers. He was formerly a captain of my regiment, and severely wounded and taken prisoner at White Oak Swamp, on the Peninsula. Although having in his hands a commission as major of another regiment, he heard that the Pennsylvania Reserves were likely to get into active operation, he, although still suffering from his wound, came on and asked a place with his old companions, and went through the three above-named battles, rendering the most efficient services, clearly winning for himself the title of the bravest of the brave. In thus speaking of the gallantry of my officers and men I regret that candor compels me to give the other side of the picture. Captain Collins, of Company K, by some strange fatality finds his health to fail about the commencement of almost every battle, and I regret to say that in our late struggle, on which so much depended, the captain did not make his appearance, and is now absent without proper leave. Lieutenant Shaw, of Company F, disgracefully fled when the regiment was fired upon in the night, and gave an alarm which to others, had they been as cowardly as himself, might have proved disastrous. My only regret is that his cowardly legs were not equal to the task of carrying him out of reach of the regiment. I will forward at an early day an application for his prompt dismissal. I cannot close this report without bearing testimony to the gallantry of commanders of the different regiments of the First Brigade and their entire commands: Colonels Roberts, McNeil, Sinclair, and Captain Byrnes, all of whom behaved well themselves, and their troops came up to the great work before them in such a manner that we were enabled constantly to present an unbroken front to the enemy.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. FISHER,

Colonel Fifth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserves.

[Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR.]

[19.]

Report of Colonel William Sinclair, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 16-17.

SHARPSBURG, MD., September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, in the action of September 16 and 17, 1862, near Sharpsburg, Md.:

The regiment was on the right of Seymour's brigade, and advanced into the woods occupied by the enemy about 6.30 p. m. on the 16th instant. After reaching the woods and few rounds were fired into the corn-field in front occupied by the enemy. The batteries of the enemy shelled the woods until after dark. The enemy began an attack with musketry at daylight on the 17th instant, and shortly after opened on the woods with shot and shell. When Hartsuff's brigade advanced the regiment was ordered to take post about 200 yards farther to the left. It woods was occupied by a large force of the enemy, when it retired. The conduct of the officers and men was good on the 16th. On the

