
17th the regiment was very much reduced in numbers by men taking the wounded to the rear without my orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM SINCLAIR,

Colonel Sixth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

Lieutenant C. N. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

Report of Major Chauncey A. Lyman, Seventh Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14-17.
HDQRS. 7TH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 1, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your circular of to-day, I have the honor to report that on the 14th of September, 1862, the Seventh Regiment, under command of Colonel Bolinger, marched from camp near Frederick City to South Mountain, and was engaged with the brigade in that battle. Our loss was inconsiderable, except that Colonel Bolinger was seriously wounded during the action, and the command of the regiment devolved upon myself. The next day (being Monday) we marched to Antietam Creek, where we encamped for the night. On Tuesday the regiment crossed with the brigade and proceeded toward Sharpsburg, where we met the enemy near night and lay on our arms in the woods until morning, when, at about 6 a. m., the line was formed and the enemy met in front in a corn-field. The regiment was under a galling fire of musketry for some time, and lost about one-third their number engaged, but firmly remained on the ground until their ammunition was nearly expended and relieved by other troops. With the exceptions, one lieutenant and a few skulkers, I can only [state] that officers and men are deserving the highest praise for gallantry and obedience during both actions, and we have to report the loss of Captain Colwell, of Company A, and Lieutenant Sanders, of Company K (acting adjutant), who were killed while at their post, manfully doing their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. LYMAN,

Major, Commanding Seventh Regiment.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade.

[19.]

Report of Major Silas M. Baily, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14-17.*

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., October 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the battles of the 14th, 16th, and 17th ultimo, in which the Eighth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, was engaged:

On Sunday, the 14th, the regiment, which constituted part of the Second Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserves, was marched from Monocacy bridge to near the base of South Mountain, when it was marched about a mile to the right of the National pike, when the division deployed into line. The Third Brigade having been sent toward the right, the

---------------

*See also report of September 21, VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 1093.

---------------

