
Eighth Regiment formed the extreme left of the division. The order to advance soon passed along the line, which the men responded to in fine style, and were soon engaged with the enemy on the mountain side, whom they drove at every point, and about dark had the satisfaction on seeing the last of them pushed over the brow of the hill in full retreat, leaving their dead and wounded in our hands. I regret to have to report the death of First Lieutenant William M. Carter, of Company B, a fine soldier and brave man, who fell while gallantry leading his company in the thickets of the fight. The loss of the regiment in this engagement was 13 killed and 36 wounded. On the 16th ultimo the regiment, with the division, was thrown across Antietam Creek, and after marching for some distance through woods and fields, the First Brigade became engaged with the enemy; but on being sent farther forward was not engaged except with artillery. Being screened by a strip of woods, we were ordered to lie down, where we remained all night. We were thrown into the field with the division early on the morning of the 17th, and were soon hotly engaged in front of the corn-field. Officers and men behaved themselves nobly. Where all did their duty so well it would be invidious for me to mention names. The loss of the regiment was 11 killed and 40 wounded, including 3 commissioned officers, who were wounded; tow of them but slightly, however, who are again at their posts.

Respectfully submitted.

S. M. BAILY,

Major, Commanding Eighth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

General MAGILTON.

[19.]

Reports of Captain Samuel B. Dick, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14-17.
HDQRS. NINTH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of the part taken by the Ninth Regiment whilst under my command in the battle of the 14th instant:

The regiment moved forward on the right of the Third Brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, until we had gained a point about midway down the hill, when owing to the wounds Colonel Gallagher, commanding brigade, had received (compelling him to retire from the field), he turned the command of the brigade over to Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson. The command of the regiment devolving on me, I continued to advance my regiment under a heavy fire until we had gained a stone fence near the foot of the hill, which we used as a breast-work to fire from. I remained there about twenty minutes, directing the fire of my regiment toward a long-house in the hollow, from which point we were receiving a heavy fire. I then ordered an advance, when we surrounded the house and took its inmates prisoners, numbering some fifteen men. My ammunition by this time was about exhausted, which fact I reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, commanding brigade, who immediately ordered the Tenth Regiment, which had been held in reserve, to advance at double-quick to my relief, and ordered me to halt at that point for ammunition. I halted and endeavored to collect my men, who were much scattered from the broken nature of the ground we had been occupying, and found I had upward of 100 prisoners. By this time the Tenth had driven the enemy over the moun-

