
Hain, and I remained at that point gathering in prisoners and collecting arms, &amp;c., until dusk, when the firing had altogether ceased on my front. Lieutenant Bemus then rode forward and informed me that a fresh brigade had gone in to relieve us. Being much encumbered by my prisoners, I determined on going back to the top of the hill to turn them over to the provost guard, which I accordingly did, and while reforming my regiment General Meade up and ordered me back to the mountain. I started up the road again, and it being intensely dark, and having no guide, I wandered on until I came to General Seymour's pickets, where I halted and reported to General Ransom's battery. I accordingly bivouacked where I was until morning, when I rejoined the balance of the division on the top of the mountain. The officers and men all behaved with the greatest gallantry during the entire engagement, and injustice would be done unless mentioning all of them. Full lists of the casualties have already been forwarded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,

SAML. B. DICK,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. BEMUS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HDQRS. 9TH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October [2], 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of the part taken by my regiment in the actions of September 16 and 17:

We moved from our camp near Keedysville about 3 p. m. on the Williamsport road, following the First and Second Brigades. After crossing Antietam Creek we moved on nearly two miles, when we left the road, taking into the fields to the left, where we closed in mass by column of division. We then moved forward following the preceding brigades until the enemy's pickets were met and driven in by the First Brigade. We continued our advance toward a piece of woods in our front, when we were opened on by the enemy's batteries from a hill on our right. I was directed to flank my regiment and move at double-quick into the shelter of the woods, forming in line of battle on the right of the Second Brigade. The Tenth Regiment being now on my right flank, facing the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown turnpike, I threw out three companies on picket to the outer edge of the wood, connecting with the picket of the Tenth on the turnpike and within 300 yards of the enemy's battery. All remained quiet on my line until 5 a. m., when I again received orders to mass my regiment in column of division and move forward in the rear of King's division. Having arrived at the outer edge of the woods I was again halted, but owing to the enemy's battery on the right having obtained our range I was again withdrawn into the woods. After remaining here a few moments I was moved by the left flank until we had cleared the woods, when I again moved to the front toward a corn-field, where a portion of King's division was hotly engaging the enemy. I formed my line of battle close to the fence and instructed my men to lie down and await orders. We had not been long in this position when I discovered the New York Fourteenth coming out of the corn in some confusion, hotly pursued by the enemy. We held our fire until the enemy had advanced to within

---------------

*See VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 186.

---------------

