
twenty-five yards of us, wen we delivered the entire volley of the regiment, driving them back in confusion. General Gibbon then ordered me to advance through the corn, as his brigade was on my right. I advance and continued driving the enemy out of the corn, capturing two stand of their colors, which have already been forwarded to headquarters, until we came to the outer edge of the field, where we remained firing at a new brigade of the enemy who were advancing through the open field. My ammunition by this time was running very low and we were compelled to empty the cartridge-boxes of our dead and wounded to gain a supply. Colonel Anderson then informed me he would try and get a regiment to come and relieve me, but before his return I was informed that the regiments on my left had fallen back, whilst the right had been gone for some time; and as my men were dropping very fast and their ammunition exhausted I was compelled very reluctantly to fall back or be cut to pieces by the new troops advancing against me. I withdrew my regiment and formed it in a gully to the rear of the corn-field, where I remained until I was ordered me to form my regiment along a line of fence to the rear of Cooper's and Simpson's batteries, where we received ammunition and remained the balance of the day without being again engaged. I have again to speak of the gallant and able support I had from all the officers of the regiment present, and also of the magnificent fighting of the few men I had, who remained in the field without any urging until nearly half of them were killed and wounded, and finally falling back in the coolest manner possible, ready and willing to go in again if necessary. I have also to mention the able services of Surgeon Phillips and his assistant and their care of our wounded, working night and day until all have been cared for before they thought of rest for themselves. Full lists of the casualties have already been forwarded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAML. B. DICK,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. BEMUS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Adoniram J. Warneer, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 17.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., September 21, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following brief statement relating to operations of the Tenth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserves, on the morning of the 17th up to the time I was wounded:

It will be remembered by the general commanding the division that I was ordered to move with my regiment to our right and front to observe the movements of the enemy in that direction. When about half a mile out my scouts reported a brigade of the enemy moving rapidly to our left, as if hastening to that part of the field where General Hooker's corps was so hotly engaged. I sent a messenger to convey this fact to the general, and at the same time moved toward the front, where we came in reach of the brigade moving as reported. Concealing, as well as the ground would permit, my real force, I threw out skirmishers to annoy the enemy and, if possible, prevent him from

---------------

* See VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 191.

---------------

