
at the edge of the corn-field, and to have our men lie down under shelter of the fence. We had been in position here but a short time when the forces of General King were forced to retire from the corn-field, being closely followed by heavy columns of the enemy, who advanced to within a few paces of our lines before we discovered them to be foes. The order was then given along our whole line to open fire upon them, which was done with signal effect, as the enemy after a few well-directed volleys from our lines retired in confusion. We were then ordered to follow them through the corn, but had not advanced far when my command was relieved by a portion of General Mansfield's command, which had just arrived and took the advance. The casualties of my regiment in the battle of Antietam were as follows: Killed, 7 enlisted men; wounded, Captain Daniel Kistler (since dead), Lieutenant Eli Waugaman, and 16 enlisted men. I deem it just before closing this report to make honorable mention of the coolness and bravery of the officers and men of my command throughout those series of engagements.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

S. M. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Regiment, Pa. Reserve Volunteer Corps.

Colonel J. T. KIRK,

Commanding Third Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteers Corps.

[19.]

Report of Captain Andrew J. Bolar, Twelfth Pennsylvania Reserves, of operations September 14-17.
HDQRS. TWELFTH Regiment, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS,Camp on the Potomac, October 2, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with general orders I make the following report of the part the Twelfth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, took in the engagement of September 14, at South Mountain, Md., commanding by Captain Richard Gustin:

The regiment arrived at the base of the mountain about 4 p. m. As soon as General Hooker had discovered the position of the enemy by shelling, the Third Brigade was ordered into line of battle in view of the enemy, posted in hidden position on the mountain. During the time the lines was being formed the regiment was exposed to shell and canister from a rebel battery on the hill, which fortunately did but little execution. At the command "advance" the Twelfth Regiment, on the left of the brigade, marched forward, crossed a small ravine and entered the mountain, under fire of the enemy. who could not be seen until we had come into close quarters. The regiment went on up the mountain without halting. The progress was slow on account of the steepness of the hill and the rocks, logs, and brush with which the ground was covered. The firing was incessant on both sides, the rebels yielding the ground only when routed out of their hidden positions by the balls and bayonets of our men. The musketry was constant from the base to the top of the mountain. The regiment was somewhat broken when it arrived at the top of the mountain, in consequence of the roughness of the ground and the weariness of the men. The casualties in this engagement were 6 men killed, 1 officer (Lieutenant Edward Kelly), and 18 men wounded.

Antietam: Leaving our bivouac on the hill above Keedysville, Md., on the afternoon of the 16th, the Twelfth Regiment, under command of Captain Richard Gustin, crossed the Antietam with the Third Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, marching toward the right of the general

