
battle line (occupied by General Hookerached the wood near the enemy's pickets, where our regiment staid all night, occupying the extreme left of the brigade. During the night we threw out a full regimental front of picket guards, who maintained their posts until early dawn, when they were withdrawn. In the forepart of the night the enemy kept up a terrific shower of shot and shell, which fortunately did no injury to our regiment other than a few slight wounds from flying splinters and stones. On the morning of the 17th, about daylight, we were ordered to advance in close column by divisions obliquely to the right through the woods, when we changed direction to the left, coming into and open field and to the top of a hill, where we again deployed into line of battle in front of a corn-field occupied by the enemy. Here we replied to their fire, which began to take effect on our ranks, and advanced firing to a fence, behind which we took position, keeping up a constant musketry until an enfilading fire from one of our brigades on the left caused the enemy to waver. We then crossed the fence, advanced to the top of the hill in full view of the enemy under a terrible fire, which killed and wounded nearly one-half the command, a position which our men gallantly held until order to fall back. Being relieved at the foot of the hill, we marched back and to a position in the rear designated by General Meade, where the division was reassembled. Our loss in this action was 13 men killed, 1 officer (Lieutenant Samuel J. Cloyd) and 47 men wounded, 3 of them mortally. The color-bearer, D. H. Graham, Company E, was killed, and the guard all wounded, one of whom, after he was wounded in two places, dragged the torn flag from the field. Too much praise cannot be given to both officers and men for their gallant conduct in these engagements. They fairly won their portion of the field.

Very respectfully submitted.

A. J. BOLAR,

Captain, Commanding Twelfth Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve VOL. Corps.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. BEMUS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

[19.]

Reports of Captain Dennis McGee, First Pennsylvania Rifles (Thirteenth Reserves), of operations September 14-17.
HDQRS. 1ST RIFLES, PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOL. CORPS,September 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the First Rifles went into action on the 14th instant with about 275 men and 13 officers, under the command of Colonel Hugh W. McNeil. Six companies were deployed as skirmishers and the remaining four held as supports. We advanced but a short distance up the mountain before the enemy's skirmishers were discovered, when a brisk fire was encountered. The order was immediately given to advance at a double-quick, which order was promptly obeyed, driving the enemy before us, until we came upon his main body placed in a most advantageous position for offering a strong resistance to our farther advance. Our men now engaged the enemy with great spirit. At this moment our re-enforcements appeared, causing the enemy to waver and gradually retire up the mountain. The order to charge was now passed along the line, and we rapidly pushed forward, causing him finally to give way and beat a precipitate retreat down the western slope of the mountain, leaving us in possession of the field and position. Owing to the death of Colonel McNeil I am

