
Reports of Colonel Peter H. Allabach, One hundred and thirty-First Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations September 17-18.

APRIL 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have examined all the commanding officers, and they all agree that the command was available at 10 o'clock. As regards the number of men of each regiment absent, the One hundred and thirty-third had 800 present at the first formation, and at the second formation 900; One hundred and twenty-third had 850 to 875; One hundred and thirty-First had 850; One hundred and fifty-fifth had 725. The officers in command all agree that we were at Boonsborough at sunrise, and that we were on the ground that Morell occupied at 10 o'clock. I read them the report of General McClellan and they all said at once that it was a scandal on the troops.

I am, general, truly, yours,

P. H. ALLABACH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.- I have ordered all of the officers to report to you in fifteen minutes.

P. H. A.

[Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS.]

[19.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Camp Humphreys, Va., April 4, 1863.

GENERAL: My attention having been drawn to General McClellan's report of the battle of Antietam, and particularly to that portion of it which refers to your division,* and having had the honor to command the Second Brigade at that time, I felt it my duty to ask the regimental commanders to make a written statement as to the time my command passed through Boonsborough, and the halts from there to the battle-field, the time they arrived on the field, the time at which I formed them in line of battle by your orders, and the strength of each regiment at that time.

I have the honor to send herewith the reports of the different regimental commanders. They all agree as to the time of our arrival on the battle-field, and I am willing to be qualified that my brigade was available at 10 a. m. of the 18th of September, 1862.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders for the number of men present at the time I formed line of battle, 10 a. m. of the 18th. It will be observed that I had at that hour 3,125 men, and consequently the number of stragglers must have been comparatively small, although the men had been marched all the previous night and part of the day preceding.

I am, genera, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. ALLABACH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Third Division, Fifth Corps.

---------------

* See VOL. XIX, Part I, p. 32.

---------------

