
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS 123rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Humphreys, Va., April 4, 1863.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade;

COLONEL: At your request I make the following statement on honor in regard to a part of our march from Washington, D. C., to Sharpsburg, Md.:

On the 17th of September we left Monocacy Junction about 3 p. m. We arrived at Boonsborough on the morning of the 18th between daylight and sunrise. At this place we halted about thirty minutes, then we marched, I should think, from one mile to one mile and a quarter, where we again halted, from three-quarters of an hour to an hour, by the edge of a piece of woodland. Then we were marched forward near the vicinity, I think, of Keedysville, where the Second Brigade was formed in battle line by battalion in the following order:

One hundred and thirty-First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, First; One hundred and twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, second; One hundred and thirty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, third, and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, fourth. At this place they were thus formed between the hours of 9 a. m. and 10 a. m. At this precise time I have no means of determining the exact number of men present when the above line was formed. There were certainly not short of 850 enlisted men present. Such was my impression at the time. I remember distinctly that my battalion line was quite long.

September 19, our consolidated morning report shows that 899 enlisted men were present and 36 commissioned officers.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. 131ST REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Humphreys, Va., April 4, 1863.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Brigade:

SIR: In answer to inquiry of this date, about what time my command passes through Boonsborough, Md., September 18, 1862, would report its arrival there at 7 a. M. The column was halted at the edge of the town before passing through about one hour. Also while passing through Boonsborough our march was constantly impeded by the passing of artillery, baggage wagons, &amp;c. A halt of half an hour was made in the town. The column was next halted at the edge of the woods about an hour. We then marched on the hill and formed line of battle on the left of the road. It being now about 10 a. m., remained here about half an hour and were then marched to the right of the road and formed line of battle under the crest of the hill in rear of the artillery. Taking the morning report of September 17, I should say I had not more than 650 men in line at the last formation.

Respectfully submitted.

EM. B. SHAUT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

