
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS 133rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Humphreys, Va., April 4, 1863.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third division, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report in reference to the march to and arrival of my command at the battle-field of Antietam on the morning of the 18th of September, 1862:

We left Monocacy Junction on the afternoon of the 17th of September, 1862, about 4 o'clock, and marched all night, passing through Boonsborough about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 18th, and halted in the woods between Boonsborough and Keedysville, where we remained about half or three-quarters of an hour. Then marched through Keedysville, arrived on the battle-field of Antietam, and formed line of battle at 10 a. m. of September 18 on left of road and on top of hill. We remained here half an hour, when we advanced about half a mile, when we again formed line at the base of a small hill or bluff and in rear of a battery that occupied the top of the bluff. This point was reached about 11 a. m. September 18. Had at that time nine companies present, numbering about 775 effective men. The tenth company (B) was detailed at Monocacy as division rear guard. That company came up and rejoined the regiment about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, it having remained with the division train during the night of 18th instant near Keedysville.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. B. SPEAKMAN,

Colonel 133rd Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS 155TH PENNSYLVANIA,April 4, 1863.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this command left Monocacy Junction about 4.30 o'clock on the evening of the 17th of September, 1862, marched all night and passed through Boonsborough about 7.30 a. m. on the 18th, and halted near woods between Boonsborough and Keedysville, and rested about half an hour. Arrived on battle-field and formed line of battle about 10 o'clock on the morning of the 18th of September. Thus was on the left of the road on top of hill. Remained there about half an hour, then crossed over to the right of the road, moving about half a mile from former position, when we formed in line again at base of a slight eminence and in rear of a battery. At the time of our first formation this regiment numbered about 840 men.

Very respectfully,

A. L. PEARSON,

Major, Commanding 155th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[19.]

Report of Colonel Edgar M. Gregory, Ninety-First Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations September 18.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to transmit to the general commanding division the statements of Colonel O'Brien, One hundred

