
and G. L. Matthews, privates of Company A, fell out and were not seen on the battle-field. B. Deeman, private Company B, failed to stand to the colors. John Key, private, Company C, fell out without permission in the face of the enemy. W. Emanuel and J. McNair, privates Company D, not in the battle- absent without leave. A H. Howell, private of Company F, detailed to bring water, not heard from since. McDonald and Cohen, privates Company F, fell out while going to the field and did not report until next day. R. Jackson and P. Head, privates Company G, failed to stand to the colors. Sergt. P. p. Truett, Corpl. J. W. Cline, and C. Chase, private Company H, fell out on the way to the field without permission. E. McLeod and W. J. Wimberly, privates Company K, detailed to bring water, and did not return until after the fight.

John A. McGREGOR,

Captain, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Colonel H. L. BENNING,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division.

[19.]

Report of Colonel John B. Cumming, Twentieth Georgia Infantry, of operations September 15-17.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT Georgia VOLUNTEERS,September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully report the part taken by Twentieth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the engagement of the 17th instant:

On the 15th instant I was stationed at a post as picket guard, which post was the scene of action on the 17th, so far as my regiment was concerned. On the evening of the 16th instant, the enemy appearing in force, I sent out a body of skirmishers, who were driven back. Early the next morning the enemy showed in great force - at least three brigades, supported by artillery, among which were some mountain howitzers. They poured a heavy fire upon us, which continued almost uninterruptedly for nearly five hours. My regiment, about 200 strong, maintained its position, inflicting a heavy loss to the enemy, killing and wounding, according to statements of some members of my command who were taken prisoners, nearly 1,000. The fire of the enemy continued in undiminished force, and as all the ammunition available on the ground from the boxes of the dead and wounded men had been expended, and being enfiladed by a battery which the enemy had planted on our left, I deemed it proper to withdraw my command. This order was not given until the advancing enemy were within six or seven yards of my line. A portion of the regiment under my immediate command returned to the engagement during the afternoon and fought on the right of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Georgia Regiments until after dark. When men acted as my command did, I cannot mention the names of any who particularly distinguished themselves, as every one did his whole duty. Accompanying this is my list of casualties, showing: Killed, 4; wounded, 47; missing, 17; total, 68.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John B. CUMMING,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

JOHN R. MOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

