
Report of Colonel Lewis B. Williams, Jr., of the operations of the First Virginia Infantry on the 13th and 14th of December, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VIRGINIA REGIMENT,December 18, 1862.

The regiment on the morning of the 13th with the brigade took position as support to General Armistead, Garnett's command occupying that position until 3.30 o'clock, when it moved with the brigade to the left and down the Telegraph road in the direction of Fredericksburg, turning to the left where that road reaches the foot of the bluff, crossing a mill-pond and halting under the point of a hill to the left of said road, remaining there as support to General Ransom, during which maneuver and halt we were subject to a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, in which seven of its men were wounded. At dusk the regiment was carried forward and put into position behind a stone wall in the suburbs of Fredericksburg where the above mentioned road leads into said place. During the night the regiment took four prisoners, coming into our lines, one of whom was sent to the general commanding the brigade, the other three (two officers and one private, all mounted) were turned over to General Kershaw, with horses, &amp;c., nothing more of interest occurring during the night. The morning of the 14th brought on a sharp skirmish, which was kept up during the day, with a loss of two men to the regiment, and as far as could be seen some ten or twelve to the enemy. At 11 o'clock upon the night of the 14th the regiment took up the line of march with the brigade and returned to bivouac occupied the night of the 12th. The conduct of the men and officers was such as to call forth the highest praise, not one abseting himself the whole time.

Respectfully submitted.

L. B. WILLIAMS, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

[21.]

Report of Colonel William R. Terry, Twenty-fourth Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,Camp near Fredericksburg, December 18, 1862.

GENERAL: In giving an account of the part taken by the regiment in the late actions in front and near the city of Fredericksburg on the 13th and 14th instant, I have to report that on the 13th we were held in reserve of the positions taken by Brigadier-Generals Armistead and Garnett ready to support whichever might first need our support. About 3 p. m. we were marched to the left of the line of battle immediately in front of Fredericksburg to re-enforce General McLaws' division, a part of which was then warmly engaged in action with the enemy. During our march my regiment was severely shelled by the enemy's batteries, but suffered comparatively little loss. During a small portion of the march we were exposed to the fire of small-arms at long range. About 9 p. m. we arrived in the ditch immediately in front of the city, which position we held during Sunday, the 14th (suffering no annoyance except from the enemy's sharpshooters, who were posted under cover immediately in our front), until relieved by another brigade about the hour of 10 p. m., when we were marched to our original position in reserve in rear of Pickett's division. My loss was only

