
some seven or eight wounded, a report of which has been furnished. In conclusion I have only to day that my regiment acted entirely to my satisfaction.

E. R. TERRY,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Virginia Regiment.

[21.]

FEBRUARY 25, 1863.- Skirmish at Hartwood Church, Va.

Report of Colonel De Witt C. Baxter, Seventy-second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,February 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade in carrying out the order transmitted from corps headquarters through you to me:

On the 25th instant, about 9.30 p. m., the brigade was ordered under arms, and with instructions to hold the cross-roads at Berea Church, marched for that point about 10 o'clock. We arrived there about 11.15. The night was dark, and the roads were in a very bad condition from the recent fall of snow, in consequence of which, although the distance marched was but little over two miles and a half, the men were much fatigued, but in the best of spirits. I made the following disposition of my men at this point: One division from the Seventy-First Pennsylvania Volunteers was stationed on the road intersecting the Warrenton road at this place, and about 500 yards to the left of the latter; one division from the Seventy-second Pennsylvania was stationed on this road to the right, a like distance from the Warrenton road; line division from the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was sent up the Warrenton road a like distance beyond the Berea Church. Each of these divisions had vedettes thrown out beyond their posts. One division from the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers was stationed in the church. This left each of my battalions four divisions. Taking advantage of the building around Pollard's house, two battalions (the Seventy-First and Seventy-second) were placed in position there, with the intention of forming square or line of battle as occasion might require. The other two battalions were held in reserve in close column of division. The cavalry escort sent with me I found very useful in patrolling the roads and keeping up communication with the main body and outposts. The above disposition was effected by 12 o'clock. Guards were placed over the surrounding houses to prevent communication with the enemy. About 3.30 o'clock in the morning a brigade of U. S. Cavalry commenced moving to the front and continued until after 5 o'clock. About this hour I received orders to report to General Stoneman. About 7 a. m. I received orders from General Stoneman to march the brigade some two miles farther up the Warrenton road and take a position of defense at that point. The rain, which commenced falling about 12 o'clock and continued all night, now fell in torrents. The roads were impassable, and the men were wet to the skin. About 11 a. m. I received orders to return with the brigade, and arrived at camp about 2.30 p. m., without having met the enemy. Notwithstanding the shocking condition of the roads, and the heavy rain that continued without cessation, the morale of the men was excellent, and I am sure if occasion had required they would have given a good report of themselves. To the officers who accompanied me I am under lasting

