
APRIL 27-MAY 6, 1863.- The Chancellorsville Campaign.

Report of Brigadier General Joshua T. Owen, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.*
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SECOND CORPS,In Bivouac at Banks' Ford, May 4, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I detailed a company of the Sixty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers as skirmishers to cross the river under charge of one of my aides-de-camp, Lieutenant R. S. Seabury, and to scout the woods on the enemy's side, ascertain his force and whereabouts, and if possible communicate with General Sedgwick's forces, then advancing in gallant style from Fredericksburg on the plant road. These objects were accomplished without loss. Ten prisoners were taken, who I send herewith to General Gibbon. At 4.30 p. M., hearing the heavy fusidale and discovering that the enemy had been driven beyond the ford which I was to protect, and believing that I might be of assistance to General Sedgwick, I quickly formed my brigade and hastened across the bridge, at this time finished. On my way and near the bridge I met Generals Hunt and Benham, who approved of my action. I sent my acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain Banes, to General Sedgwick with my compliments and the request that I might be assigned a position and be allowed to take part in the fight. Just as I had reached the point where my left would join his right I received for answer that he was strong enough for the enemy, and advising me to prevent him from either crossing or destroying the pontoon bridge, for which I at once made my arrangements. I have experienced some inconvenience from a question of rank and a conflict of authority between Generals Hunt and Benham. I am alternately ordered by each, and sometimes these orders are conflicting. When they have conflicted I have taken the responsibility of acting according to my own judgment. During my progress I picked up a number of our wounded and had them brought over by stretchers and ambulances to a hospital which I have established near my headquarters, under charge of my brigade surgeon, Doctor Rizer. The officers and men of my command acted with promptness and manifested their usual readiness to obey my orders and do their duty.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant F. A. HASKELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Report of Brigadier General Samuel K. Zook, U. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, HANCOCK'S DIV., SECOND CORPS,Camp near Falmouth, Va., May 12, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the recent operations of the Army of the Potomac:

On the 28th ultimo we broke camp. On the evening of the 30th we crossed the Rappahannock at United States Ford and bivouacked that night near Chancelorsville. At noon on the 1st instant the brigade was

---------------

* See also VOL. XXV, Part I, p. 357.

---------------

