
marched out the Fredericksburg and Gordonsville pike to a hill in the direction of Fredericksburg, about a mile from the Chancellor house, where it was formed in two lines to the right of the road and the First Brigade. The Sixty-sixth New York and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania formed the first line and the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-second New York the second. Skirmishers were thrown out from the first line with instructions to remain under cover of the woods out of the enemy's view. Subsequently Major Scott, of the division staff, in the name of the general required of me a regiment to support the skirmish line, which he himself undertook to post. The Fifty-second New Yorkwas assigned to the performance of the required duty, and by some mistake was deployed in full view of the enemy, and in easy range of his batteries. Of course, the enemy opened fire upon the regiment with his artillery, and advanced his infantry against it with such effect that 24 enlisted men out of 124, the total of the regiment, were killed or wounded without accomplishing any possible good. Some time later I received orders to fall back with the brigade 200 yards and await orders, which, however, were soon given to hasten out of the woods, march rapidly toward the Chancellor house, and re-form line of battle. The line was formed in the best position the ground afforded, with one battery in front and another in rear. The fire of the latter injured one officer and several men of the One hundred and fortieth by premature shell explosions. After the repulse of the enemy the brigade again advanced over the road by which it had just retired and took position to its left at the foot of the ridge recently abandoned, forming a second line to the First Brigade, General Caldwell's. It remained here until 3 a. m. of the 2d, when it was again withdrawn to the Chancellor house. The enemy had shelled the position ineffectually during the early part of the night. At sunrise the Fifty-seventh New York was detailed to picket near the ground just vacated by our lines. During the day it was frequently and determinedly attacked, but resisted successfully, killing and wounding many of the enemy. In the course of the morning a part of the Fifty-second was sent to its assistance, and of course shared the fighting and honor. The remainder of the brigade at the same time was marched toward the place of our first night's bivouac to occupy a crest looking toward Fredericksburg, which they subsequently strengthened by rifle-pits. At 10 a. m. the Sixty-sixth New York was detached to report to General Caldwell, and later in the day what remained of the Fifty-second was sent him also. A battery enfilading mu position threw a few shells about sunset, but fortunately without injury to the command. At 9 p. m. the Sixty-sixth and two companies of the One hundred and fortieth relieved the Fifty-seventh and the part of the Fifty-second which was on picket, the latter falling back to the rifle-pits vacated by the Sixty-sixth, in General Caldwell's line. These pickets experienced severe fighting and considerable loss next day, especially when ordered to fall back.

On the morning of the 3d, some regiments having been withdrawn from the rifle-pits on my right, the One hundred and fortieth was moved in that direction to maintain connection with those which reMained. In this new position the regiment loss some men killed and wounded by the enemy's artillery. Lieutenant John S. Paden, Fifty-seventh New York, my acting aide-de-camp, was wounded in the shoulder by a piece of shell at this place. Subsequently the One hundred and fortieth was moved to the support of a battery on the right of the Chancellor house - the Fifth Maine. Half an hour after taking this position the house caught fire. Being filled with our wounded a company of the One hundred and fortieth was ordered to assist in their

