
removal, which duty was well performed under very severe fire. Another detail of forty men was made to bring off the guns of the battery above named, which had lost all its officers and nearly all its men and horses. This detail first drove two occasions into the woods, out of the enemy's sight, and then returned and removed two guns to the same position. It was then and three they first saw men of any other brigade. Some men of the Second Brigade assisted part of the detail to bring off these guns, whilst the remainder went back for the other three, which they found some men of the Second and Fourth Brigades endeavoring to remove. Lieutenant Linton, of the One hundred and fortieth, in charge of the detail, ordered some of his men to assist with each gun, until they reached a place of safety, which was done. The gun detail ad that for the removal of the wounded, necessarily left their arms with the regiment, which moved away in obedience to orders during their absence. In this way some rifles were lost, although many of the men and some of the officers each carried off quite and armload of pieces. Conspicuous amongst the latteer was Lieutenant Stokes, who abandoned his rations, blankets, &amp;c., for the purpose. On arriving upon the field near the white house in rear of Chacellorsville, I found the other regiments of the brigade, the Fifty-second and Fifty-seventh New York, which had been operating under General Caldwell, as he informed me, with great credit, and the Sixty-sixth, returned from picket. These with the One hundred and fortieth were formed in line in rear of General Caldwell's brigade, in the new position to the left of the Third Corps, where we remained until our withdrawal to the north bank of the river. I am happy to express entire satisfaction with the conduct of my command, and to return my thanks to Captain Rose, and Lieutenants Faville, Broom, and Paden, of my staff, for their efficient assistance.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. K. ZOOK,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Report of Colonel Hiram Burnham, Sixth Maine Infantry, commanding Light Division, Sixth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,May 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Light Division from the date of the resignation of General Pratt, April 30, when the command devolved upon me, to the time when the command was withdrawn to the left bank of the Rappahannock on the morning of May 5:

In pursuance of orders received from corps headquarters, I marched the Light Division to the right bank of the river on the morning of May 1, crossing near Deep Run and reporting to Brigadier-General Brooks for orders. I was directed to take up a position in front of our forces at this point, which I accordingly did, relieving all pickets which had previously been thrown out. This position was maintained almost without incident until 5 p. m. May 2, when it was determined to drive the enemy back, and the necessary preparations were accordingly

