
these officers handled their commands, and the personal gallantry which they displayed in the engagements with the enemy, cannot be too highly commended. Adjt. Charles A. Clark, Sixth Volunteerz, should also be specially commenced. His coolness, gallantry, and presence if mind in the engagement at Brooks' Ford contributed in a great measure to saving his regiment from annihilation and capture. I submit herewith a special report of such officers and men as have been brought to my notice by regimental commanders adn are in my opinion deserving of mention. I also submit a special report of casualties.*

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

HIRAM BURNHAM,

Colonel Sixth Maine Volunteers, Commanding Light Division.

Major General JOHN SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,May13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to your notice the folliwing-named officers and enlisted men of this command who distinguished themselves during the recent operations of the army on the right bank of the Rappahannock. Special mention should be made of the following officers of my staff, whose services throughout were of value to me and who distinguished themselves on more than one trying occasion by gallant and meritorious conduct, viz: Captain A. E. king, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Enoch Totten, acting assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant Bissell, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant J. G. Roberts, Sixth Maine Volunteers, division provost-marshal. I have already in my report of the operations of the command brought to your notice the several regimental commanders and the commander of the Third New York Independent Battery. I would again say that the gallantry and bravery of Colonel Baker, Colonel Jones, Colonel Allen, Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, and Major Dawson, deserve special mention. I have also mentioned Adjt. Charles A. Clark, Sixth Maine Volunteers, in my report of operations. He is highly commenced by his regimental commander for gallant and meritorious conduct, both at the heights of Saint Marve and Brooks' Ford. From my personal knowledge of the circumstances I would say that his coolness, bravery, and good behavior elicit my warmest admiration and praise. He has fully earned promotion, has the ability and would make a good assistant adjutant-general. The following offices are mentioned for distinuished services at Saint Marye's Heights, where they were wounded seriously: Captain B. J. Buck, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Captain Thomas P. Roach, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. B. McKinley, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Major H. M. Wheeler, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers. The following are commended for gallant conduct at the heights of Saint Marye and Brooks' Ford: Lieutenant Colonel John Wilson, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Major John Fryer, fForty-third New York Volunteers; capts. Theodore Lincoln, Jr., and George Fuller, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieuts. A. B. Sumner, H. H. Waite, L. Smith, and Second Lieuts. Fred. A. Hill, Fred. B. Ginn, and George W. Burnham, all of Sixth Maine Volunteers. All commanded companies after the charge at heights of Saint Marye. Lieutenant Colonel Catlin, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, deserves honorable

---------------

* Embodied in tables, VOL. XXV, Part I, pp. 172, 191.

---------------

