
mention for gallant conduct at heights of Saint Marye, where he commanded the left wing of his regiment. The following enlisted men are mentioned for reasons set against their names: Private James Robb, Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, seized the colors of his regiment when the color-sergeant was wounded and bore them until relieved by one of the color-corporals. Corpl. C. T. Packard, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, pursued and captured two rebels. Corpl. J. F. Elliott and Corpl. O. H. Beal, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, who insisted upon following the rebels after being wounded. Corpls. V. B. Gee, Charles O. Brown, and Privates John Ross and Alexander Johnson, Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, wounded at heights of Saint Marye, but remained with the regiment throughout. Color Sergt. John A. Gray, Sixth Maine Volunteers, distinguished himself at heights of Saint Marye being the first man of our forces to enter the enemy's works, and planting his colors upon them before any others waved over tem, and while the cannoneers were still at their guns and the infantry making a stubborn resistance. First Sergt. Lindroff W. Smith, Sixth Maine, distinguished himself by gallantry at heights of Saint Marye and Brooks' Ford. At latter engagement he commanded his company after the wounding of Lieutenant Burnham.

I would say, in conclusion, that regimental commanders have been remiss in bringing to my notice officers and men who deserve commendation for distinguished and meriotorious services; only one regiment, the Sixth Maine, having submitted a special report of persons, as required by regulations. For this reason the number mentioned from this regiment is large than from any other.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

HIRAM BURNHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Light Division.

Major General JOHN SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps.

[25.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Harris, Sixth Maine Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH Maine VOLUNTEERS,Camp near White Oak Church, Va., May 9, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part which this regiment took in the recent battles on the right bank of the Rappahannock, and the operations connected therewith:

The regiment left its former camp near Belle Plain on the 28th day of April ultimo, at 10 a. m., and marched toward the point on the river where General Franklin cnd last December. Having arrived near that point at 5 p. m. the Light Division was halted a little back from the river, out of sight of the enemy. The regiment was drawn up in the skirt of a pine forest and allowed to rest until it became so dark that the operations for which the regiment was detailed could be carried on without fear of discovery by the enemy. The command was then marched into open field, where the pontoon train was drawn up, about one mile and a quarter from the point of crossing. From this place the bateaux were to be carried to the river by the Light Division and launched into the water preparatory to throwing a force upon the right bank of the river. For this purpose the regiment was divided into partics of seventy men each. At 10 o'clock the bateaux were taken from the wagons and carried by the men toward the river. The

