
This was the signal for a general attack, and as they became warmly engaged with the enemy my command was ordered forward. The instant that the advance commenced all of the enemy's works in front of us, stone walls, rifle-pits, and redoubts, vomited forth a tremendous fire of musketry, which did fearful execution in our ranks. Silent, cool, and determined, with ranks well closed, my men rushed steadily on, and routing the enemy from behind the stone wall, at the point of the bayonet, pressed on for the rifle-pit without a halt and without firing a shot. Hotter and hotter waxed the fire of the enemy. Besides the terrific musketry, canister was poured into my ranks from the guns at the top of the hill, while my right, which was left entirely unprotected by the breaking of the Sixty-first, was subjected to a flank fire, before which it seemed that every man must go down. As we neared the rifle-pit the fore of the enemy reached its greatest fury and did the most fearful execution. It was here that those gallant officers - Captains Young, Ballinger, and Gray - fell, fighting like brave and true men, as they were. Scores of the men fell, too, but nothing could check our lines, which swept steadily on up the hill. The rifle-pit was reached, and then for the first time a shout of victory went up, and in the fierce hand-to-hand fight which ensued many of the enemy were slain, while from twenty to twenty-five were killed by the bayonet alone. One man in Company K, Private George Brown, bayoneted two of the enemy in succession, and then, as the resistance was obstinate, he brained a third with the butt of his musket. At this point the fight was waged only for a moment. The enemy's line gave way in wild confusion and dismay and fled to the top of the hill, followed so closely by our men that they were never rallied, but wither surrendered in the fort or continued their flight down the plank road. Our men rushed on, scaled the earth work at the top of the hill, capturing many prisoners and a battery of seven guns from the celebrated Washington Artillery. In five minutes from the time which we started on the charge our colors waved over the enemy's strongest work, and the day was ours. My loss in this charge was 128 officers andmen killed and wounded -a fearful rate of mortality, when the short time which we were under fire is considered. Major Haycock, one of the most valued and gallant officers in the regiment, fell among the first, cheering on the men by his example and words. I cannot deplore his loss too deeply. After a halt of a few moments in the formidable works, which our wild chage had so successfully carried, the regiment was pushed on down the plank road in pursuit of the flying enemy, who had fled toward Chancellorsville. Sings of panic and rout were everywhere visible, and many prisoners were captured by our pursuing forces.

Brooks' division having taken the front, the regiment was marched very slowly with the remainder of the Light Division, and was not again engaged with the enemy during the day. Just at dark I marched my regiment to the front, in obedience to orders, and supported our artillery. Here the night was passed, and as the men had left their knapsacks at the foot of the heights of Saint Marye before the charge, they were without blankets and rested but little. May 4 the engagement with the enemy continued. My regiment, with the whole Light Division, was changing position almost constantly, occupying different portions of our lines, which were threatened strongly by the enemy, but at no time becoming engaged. At night the withdrawal of the Sixth Corps to the left bank of the river having been determined upon, this regiment, together with the Forty-third New York and two com-

