
back. This we had scarcely commenced when Colonel Eutis ordered me to resume my position, which was done. Orders were then received from Major-General Newton to fall back, which was done in good order and without loss. We then moved to the rear toward Banks' Ford, about one mile and a half, when we were directed by you to support a battery under Major Duncan [Doull?] and to be relieved by his orders. This being accomplished we again fell back and rejoined our brigade, and arrived on the hills near Banks' Ford about 10.30 p. m. Detailed one company under Captain Marchant on provost duty at the lower bridge. After crossing, my regiment and the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers were ordered by General Newton to report to General Tyler to support Battery M, Second U. S. Artillery, which was on the extreme right of our crossing position. We remained there under a very annoying fire from a rebel batetry (though a harmless one) until all the troops and artillery had recrossed and the bridges taken up, when we rejoined our brigade and encamped with it on the Falmouth road. From crossing the river at Deep Run, below Fredericksburg, and its recrossing at Banks' Ford I have to report the following casualties, viz: Four killed, 18 wounded, and 40 missing; total, 62. I cannot close my report without acknowledging my obligations to the field, staff, and line officers, and to every man in this regiment for the prompt and efficient manner with which every order was executed by them.

I remain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN ELY,

Colonel Twenty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding

Captain W. P. ROOME,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Report of Colonel James B. Walton, Louisiana Artillery, chief of artillery, First Army Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY CORPS, FIRST ARMY CORPS,May 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report:

In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Pendleton give to Captain Eshleman on the afternoon of the 29th of April, in the absence of myself at Richmond on duty, ten guns of the battalion Washington Artillery left the camp at Chesterfield Station on the morning of the 30th; reached the front near Fredericksburg on the afternoon of May 1. Unavoidably delayed in Richmond endeavoring to procure horses essential to move the guns to the front, a detail for which purpose was waiting in Richmond, I reached the command near Fredericksburg a short tiome after its arrival there. Shortly after they had been placed in park behind the hill near Alsop's house an order was received from General Pendleton directing four Parrotts or Napoleons to be sent forthwith to Hamilton's Crossing to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, commanding the artillery battalion, Early's division, Second Corps. Captain Richardon, with one section of Second Company and one section of Fourth Company, four Napoleons, w as immediately detached and reported as ordered at about 11 o'clock that night.

On themorning of the 2nd of May, heavy firing being heard on the left in the direction of Chancellorsville, the remaining guns were held in constant readiness to move. At 9.10 a. m. I received orders from General Pendleton to send all the guns to the front. The remaining six

