
guns were moved up the Telegraph road and subsequently placed by General Pendleton's order in position in the redoubt about 1,000 yards to the left of the plank road. Here they remained until evening, when General Pendleton rodered the guns to be withdrawn to the Telegraph road. Before, however, they reached that road, about sunset, a staff officer of General Pendleton came to me upon Merye's Hill with orders to send all the guns, including a section of Parrott's of Parker's battery, then in position on that hill, to the rear toward Cherterfield Station. The order was immediately communicated to captain Eshleman and to the lieutenant commanding the section of Parrott guns, who at once began the march as directed. After marching about two miles I was met by Brigadier-General Barksdale at the head of his brigade going rapidly to the front, who inquired by whose orders the artillery was being removed, stating that General Early was in command and that he was on the march with his division coming to re-enforce the center. My column was ordered to be reversed at once and the artillery was bivouacked on the Telegraph road overlooking Fredericksburg.

At 2.30 a. m. 3rd of May General Barksdale sent an aide to me to say that he considered it necessary that guns should be placed upon Marye's Hill to command the plank road and the causeway. Aware of the meager and insufficient infantry force in front of the works, and the absence of any troops in support in the rear of them, I saw General Barksdale in person and protested against their being placed there until they could be better protected, to avoid their falling into the hands of the enemy should be charge the position. General Barksdale urged compliance with his order, and Captain Miller was sent with two Napoleon guns to the position indicated; one was placed in the work immediately to the left of the plank road and the other on the right of the road and to the left of the Marye house. About sunrise, 3rd of May, by General Pendleton's order, one Napoleon and one 3-inch rifle, under Captain Squires, were sent to Marye's Hill and placed in position in front of the graveyard to the right of Marye's house. The section of Parrotts of Parker's battery had also been ordered to and replaced in position in the works on the extreme right of Marye's Hill. At 8 a. m. the enemy made a demonstration above the town and opposite to Falmouth. By General Pendleton's order the two remaining guns of the Washington Artillery (two 12-pounder howitzers), under Lieutenant Norcom, were sent to the left and placed in position in two small and incomplete works on the brow of the hill 300 yards on front of the main line of redoubts and about 800 yards to the left of the plank road. One of the Napoleons, under Captain Miller, in position commanding the plank road and causeway, was ordered by General Barksdale to be removed to the left of the works occupied by the howitzers under Norcom, leaving only one gun to command those approaches.

At 10 a. m. the enemy's batteries on the edge of the town opened a vigorous fire of shell upon Marye's Hill. Immediately his columns appeared formed for the assault, and, notwithstanding the three guns (Squires' two and Miller's one) opened upon him with vigor and precision, he advanced steadily over the plain and in column up the plank road. The road running behind the stone wall in front of Marye's Hill being gained, the small force in the trenches gave way before the heavy columns which pressed upon them, leaving the guns upon the hill without support. The enemy, hugging the slope of the hill, climbed to the crest and flanked and captured the guns there inposition almost before it was ascertained the infantry had been driven back. Other columns advanced and flanked Norcom's position on the left, where the howitzers

