
had been placed. He has been firing uponthem on the plank road, anmd was only aware of their close proximity when he discovered them in the adjoining work and upon his flank. Giving the order to limber to the rear, he made the attempt under a fire of musketry to carry off his guns, but his horses were shot down, and he was thus compelled to abandon them. As soon as Marye's Hill was seen on the right to be occupied by the enemy in force General Barksdale formed a regiment in line of battle to the left of the crest of the Telegraph road. Richardson, with the four Napoleons sent the day before to Hamilton's Crossing, had just retuo me. His four guns were immediately ordered to the front and placed in position on the left of the Napoleons. Richardson continued firing upon Marye's Hill until a column of the enemy that had appeared within about forty yards of his guns poured into him a volley, when he was ordered to sahe his guns and men, which I then considered of doubtfull accomplishment. He succeeded in withdrawing all his guns and carriages but one Napoleon gun, which had to be abandoned in consequence of the loss of horses rendering it impracticable to remove it. Mocing with the remaining guns to the rear, General Pendleton ordered me to place themin battery at the first proper and commanding position. I selected the junction of the Telegraph and military roads, and there on the left of the Telegraph road I placed the three remaining guns of Richardson in battery, and on the right of the road two howitzers of Colonel Cutts' battalion, which were afterward withdrawn. Here Lieutenant Hero, with the Napoleon gun of the Washington Artillery saved from the extreme left position in front, joined the command and was also placed in battery. General Early subsequently formed his line of battle at this point. Toward dark in the evening forges, battery wagons, and forage of the enemy were discovered coming down the road toward our position. Orders were given to fire upon them. Captain Richardson, being ready, fired the first gun, followed by the guns of Andrews' battalion, which had been placed on the right of the road. The wagons beat a hasty retreat and were found upon the road in the morning. At dark the four guns sent a mile to the rear, where the command bivouacked.

Fully alive to the disaster and sincerely deploring the loss of the guns by the Washington Artillery and the section of Parker's battery. Affording, as it will, the only cause for congratulation and boats the enemy can have after this our last, most brilliant victory, I cannot close this report without asserting that upon no previous occasion during this war have men exhibited more courage and devotion to the sacred cause in which they are engaged. The guns were fought until the enemy's colors were planted upon the works in which they were. To have fought them longer would have been madness and resulted in wanton sacrifice of life. The loss of the Washington Artillery is as follows: Killed - non-commissioned officers, 3; privates, 1; total, 4. Wounded - commissioned officers, Lieutenant De Russy, 1; non-commissioned officers, 3; privates, 4; total, 8. Missing - commissioned officers, Captain C. W. Squires, First Lieutenant E. Owen, First Lieutenant J. M. Galbraith, 3; non-commissioned officers, 4; privates, guns, carriages, and horses, as follows: First Company 1, 1 U. S. 3-inch rifle and limber, 1 Napoleon and limber; Second Company, 1 12-pounder howitzer and limber; Third Company, 1 Napoleon and 1 caisson; Fourth Company, 1 Napoleon gun, 1 12-pounder howitzer and limber; total, 6 guns, 4 limbers, and 1 caissons. Horses killed and lost in

