
action, First Company, 16; Second Company, 8; Third Company, 4; Fourth Company, 1; total, 29. In the absence of reports from other batteries or battalion commanders, which I presume will be forwarded directly to the division commanders, I am uinable to embrace in this report any more than it contains - the operationstranspiring under my immediate orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, First Army Corps.

Captain D. D. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

Reportof Lieutenant C. H. C. Brown, First Company, Battalion Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.

CAMP STANARD'S FARM, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders given to Captain C. W. Squires on the morning of the 3rd instant, two guns of the First Company, Battalion Washington Artillery, one Napoleon and one 3-inch rifle gun, were placed into position by him on Marye's Heights at 7.30 a. m., with the rear, protected by a ravine. By the capture of the senior officer of the company the report of the engagement devolves upon me, but as I was in rear in charge of the caissons and did not witness the engagement I am unable to report upon it. About 10.30 a. m. I was informed by the company quartermaster-sergeant, J. G. Timmons, that the heights had been taken and the enemy were advancing, whereupon I moved my caissons with all dispatch from the field down the plank road and reported with them at camp near Chesterfield Station. During the engagement the valuable services of Sergt. William H. West and Corpl. T. J. Lutman were lost, both having been killed while at their posts. Braver and more chivalrous men never fought. Private J. E. Florence received a mortal wound and died from its effects on the 6th instant. I have to report by the taking of Marye's Heights the loss of the First Company, Battalion Washington Artillery: 1 Napoleon gun and limber, complete; 1 3-inch rifle gun and limber, complete; 16 horses; 4 sets lead and 2 sets wheel harness.*

Very respectfully,

C. H. C. BROWN,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding First Company, Battln. Washington Artillery.

[Captain B. F. ESHLEMAN.]

[25.]

Report of Captain John B. Richardson, Second Company, Battalion Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.

CAMP BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,

Near Fredericksburg, Va., May 8, 1863.

SIR: I begleave to hand you the following report:

On Friday, the 1st of May, soon after arriving in bivouac near Fredericksburg, I was ordered with a section of my battery, two Napoleon

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (here omitted) shows 3 men killed and 3 officers and 24 men missing.

---------------

