
guns, under Lieutenant John D. Britton, and a section of the Fourth Company, two Napoleon guns, under Lieutenant H. A. Battles, to report to Colonel Andrews, General Early's division, at Hamilton's Crossing, which I did about 11 o'clock the same night. Next day all of General Early's division except General Early's division except General Hays' brigade was moved and my battery was attached to his brigade. I remained in position near Hamilton's Crossing until the morning of the 3rd of May, when I found the enemy making an attack in front of Fredericksburg. Fiding my guns would not be wanted where they were, I requested General Early to allow me to move my battery in the direction of Fredericksburg, which I did by the Telegraph road. When I arrived I found the enemy had taken Marye's Heights and everything was falling back in confusion. I was ordered forward by Colonel Walton and took position in and to the right of the Telegraph road, commanding Marye's Heights, and immediately opened fire on the enemy, who by that time had occupied the heights in considerable force. I fired from this position fifty-one rounds of ammunition, when I was compelled to fall back, having no support, and the enemy coming up under cover of the hill so close as to force me it leave one of Lieutenant Battles' Napoleon guns. His wheal driver having een wounded and one of his horses killed, made it impossible to move the gun in time. We then fell back one mile on the Telegraph road, where a new line of battle was formed. A battery of the enemy made its appearance, on which we opened fire and drove away. I remained in this position until relieved late in the evening. I have to report and Corpl. J. B. Valentine and Privates Carey and Anderson, of the Fourth Company, wounded. The officers and menw ere cool, worked the guns well, and acquitted themselves, as they always do, with credit. Privates Freret, Payne, Humphreys, and Meux being under arrest, were allowed to volunteer and assist in working the guns, which they did to my entire satisfaction.

Very respectfully,

J. B. RICHARDSON,

Captain, Commanding Second Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.

Captain B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery.

[25.]

Report of Captain Merritt B. Miller, Third Company, Battalion Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,Near Po River, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 3rd of May, about 2.30 o'clock, I received orders from you to move my company, composed of two 12-pounder Napoleons, from Lee's Hill down to Fredericksburg, and on arriving there I placed one of the guns in position on the left of the plank road under command of Lieutenant Hero. The other gun was placed to the right of the plank road under command of Lieutenant McElroy. I remained with this gun, and nothing occurred worthy of notice until about 10.30 a. m., when the enemy commenced moving heavy columns of infantry out of the city, down the plank road, as well as a road leading from the city, which my piece commanded; also on the open plateau in front of Marye's Hill and to the right of my position. I immediately

13 R R - VOL LI, PT I

