
opened fire upon them with spherical case and succeeded in driving them back. They reformed and again advanced and succeeded in gaining the cover of the hill. I continued firing at their bodies of infantry, but on looking toward Marye's Hill on my right I saw our forces retreating, and that the enemy had gained the heights and were advancing toward me, being then only about 150 yards to the right and rear of my position. I immediately ceased firing and ordered the piece to be limbered up, but perceiving that the enemy were gaining on me and that there was no possibility of saving the piece, I ordered the limber and caisson to retire from the field, which they succeeded in doing. Tree of my men are missing and are supposed to have been taken prisoners, viz: Sergt. J. T. Handly, Privates B. E. Dick and W. P. Noble. I expended about twenty rounds of ammunition. I herewith submit the report of Lieutenant Hero,* by which you will perceive that he was si unfortunate as to be compelled to abandon his caissonsand that he had three men wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Third Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.

Captain B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.

[25.]

Report of Lieutenant Andrew Hero, Jr., Third Company, Battalion Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.

CAMP BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,

Near Po River, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: About 3 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant I was placed by you in command of a 12-pounder Napoleon in position on the left of the plank road, with orders not to respond to any artillery fire, but to operate against infantry. I remained in this position until about 9 a. m., when I was ordered by Captain Eshleman to move toward the Stansbury house, opposite Falmouth, and occupy one of the fortifications adjoining the house. I succeeded in gaining the position under a severe fire without any injury. Nothing occurred here worthy of notice until nearly 11 a. m., when I discovered that our forces on my right toward Marye's Hill were retreating, and that the enemy had gained possession of the works to the left of the plank road and within about 500 yards of my position. At this juncture Captain Eshlemanarrived at the work and ordered me to limber up and move to the rear, which I did, and succeeded in gaining our second line of works, but was compelled before reaching them to abandon my caisson owing to the jaded contidtion of my horses. On arriving at this point the piece was unlimbered preparatory to going into action, but my cannoneers not having arrived at the position, and having no infantry support, and the enemy then advancing up the plank road, I was ordered by Captain Eshleman to repair to the Telegraph road. On arriving there I secured a caisson of the Fourth Company and moved down the Telegraph road. here I remained until about 5.30 p. m., when I moved with the residue of the battalion to camp for the night at the intersection of the Hamilton's Crossing and Telegraph roads. Before leaving I fired two rounds of spherical case at some wagons and pieces of the enemy which were coming up the Telegraph road. My casualties were

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

