
three wounded, Corpl. R. p. Many severely, and left on the field near the second position which I occupied and supposed to have been taken prisoner by the enemy, and Privates Otto Frank and L. A. Adam, both slightly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HERO,

Lieutenant, Third Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.

Captain M. B. MILLER,

Commanding Third Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.

[25.]

Report of Lieuyt. Joe Norcom, Fourth Company, Battalion Washington (Louisiana) Artillery.

CAMP OF WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,

Stanrd's Farm, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit to your consideration the following report of the part taken by the section under my command in the late battle of Fredericksburg on the morning 3rd of May, 1863:

On Sunday morning, at 7 o'clock, in obedience to your order I moved the section of howitzers under my command, comprising one of Second Company, under Lieutenant G. B. De Russy, and one of Fourth Company, under Lieutenant G. W. Apps, from the Telegraph road to the left of the plank road to take position in the small and incomplete works on the brow of the hill 300 yards in front of the main line of redoubts, and about 800 yards to the left of the plank road. Upon entering the redoubts I immediately opened fire upon a column of the enemy's infantry moving to our left on the plain beneath, soon compelling them to scatter and seek cover under a stone wall running along the canal. Their infantry now being under cover and out of sight I opened upon a battery of six guns moving into position in their rear and on a line with the town of Falmouth, distant about 1,000 yards. A spirited duel took place lasting for the period of thirty minutes, when the enemy withdrew dably crippled. During this unequal contest the section of howitzers were subjected to the fire of two other batteries of six guns each, one directly in front 600 yards distant and the other begind the graveyard in town; also three heavy guns on the heights of Falmouth. After silencing this battery I ceased firing to save my ammunition in case the enemy should attempt to cross the canal. At 10.30 a. m., finding that the enemy remained quiet on my front and that they were advancing to storm Marye's Hill, I immediately, by firing to the right, began shelling, and with good effect, their columns advancing over the causeway at the foot of the plank road. While thus engaged I saw the enemy's flag surrounded by men planted upon the redoubt on my right and about 400 yards distant. The order to "limber to the rear" was immediately given and executed, but too late to escape. Finding it impossible to save the guns, the men were ordered to scatter and the horses to be cut loose. The gun of the Second Company being in the advance was captured with its horses, the enemy crippling two of them. The horses of the gun of the Fourth Company were brought off, but the gun lost. Having no support whatever of infantry, we were completely at the mercy of the enemy as soon as the hill was talek, the raising of the flag bupon the redoubt on our right being the first intimation of their proximity. I am much indebted to Lieutenants Apps and De Russy, the former deserving much praise for

