
enemy back across the Antietam in gallant style. I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of the daring, courage, and excellent judgment exhibited by Colonel McIntosh during the whole of the time he was under my command, and would most urgently recommend that he be promoted to the rank of brigadier, in order that he may fill a wider sphere of usefulness toward the accomplishment of the good cause. The day after my command atrrived at Waynesborough General W. F. Smith arrived with his command of three brigades, fifteen regiments infantry, of militia from Pennsylvania and New York, and two batteries of artillery. From his arrival I was governed by his counsel, advice, and orders, and co-operated with him in daily trying to bring the militia under fire, but the enemy did not recross the Antietam in this direction. Information of the strength, position, and attitude of the enemy was sent daily to Major-General Meade. On the evening of the 11th we had marched the whole command to Leitersburg, about five miles from Hagerstown, where I was placed in receipt of an order to rejoin my corps (the Sixth), two miles from Boonsborough. On the 12th I marched my Light Division toward Boonsborough, found the corps had moved, marched to Funsktown, crossed the Antietam, rejoined my corps and division, and took position in line of battle opposite the enemy about 5 o'clock that evening.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., late Commanding Light Division.

General SMITH WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

[27.]

Report of Major Thomas T. Eckert, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Assistant Superintendent U. S. military Telegraph, of operations July 1, 1863, to June 30, 1864.

OFFICE U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH, WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 8, 1864.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Quartermaster-General's Numbers 29, dated July 6, 1864, I have the honor herewith to submit my annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864:

General Orders, Numbers 29, was not received by me until November 6, and this report has been prepared as rapidly as possible since that date. I respectfully refer to my annual report for the previous year, dated November 30, 1863. First. I have been throughout the entire year on duty at the War Department as assistant superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph, and as such have had direct charge of the construction, operating, and management of all military telegraph lines in the Department of the Potomac, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, and the Department of the South. At the beginning of the fiscal year the Army of the Potomac, under command of Major-General Meade, was in the vicinity of Gettysburg, Pa. Telegrapoh wire, instruments, material, &amp;c., together with a full force of builders and operators, were on hand with the army, but the commanding general did not think it expedient to have telegraph lines established to the army. Communication was kept up, however, by means of a line of couriers from Frederick City, Md., and from Hanover, Pa., to both of which points we telegraphed directly from the War Department. Within a short time after the 1st of July the army moved to Frederick, having

