
and the whole securely packed in a common army wagon, in which is also placed a box of blue vitriol, the only article necessary to replenish the battery and keep it in working order. A table is arranged in the wagons with instruments, tools, &amp;c., this making in itself a complete telepgraph office, with everything necessary to the working of any number of lines required at a moment's notice. This wagon was placed at General Meade's headquarters and has accompanied them throughout the operations of the spring and summer campaign. It has proved successful in every respect. By its aid battery has been furnished the field line at all times.

On the night of May 3 the Army of the Potomac crossed the Rapidan at Ely's, Germanna, and Culpeper Fords, and advanced to the vicinity of Chancellorsville, where the engagements known as the battles of the Wilderness took place. From here the army moved to near Spotsylvania Court-House, on May 10, were another sanguinary battle was fought, continuing through three days. After those engagements the town of Fredericksburg was taken possession of by our forces and constituted a temporary base of supplies. To open communication with the army by this route a line was built from Port Tobacco, Md., to Maryland Point, on the Potomac, where a submarine cable, six miles in length, was laid, and the line extended thence via Belle Plain to Fredericksburg, from which point a line of couriers was established with the army. The office at Maryland Point was opened May 16 and those at Belle Plain and Fredericksburg within a day or two thereafter. On the night of May 20 the Army of the Potomac moved from Spotsylvania Court-House to Bowling Green and Milford Station, on the Richmond at Port Royal, on the Rappahannock, below Fredericksbutg. A line was built from Belle Plain to Port Royal, the office at the latter pplace being opened on May 24. After a short halt the army moved forward from Bowling Green and vicinity to and across the North Anna, where several spirited engagements took place.

On May 28 our forces withdrew from south of the North Anna and marched to Hanoverton, on the Pamunkey, where they crossed and took position about Cold Harbor. The offices at Belle Plain, Fredericksburg, Port Royal, and Maryland Point were closed about May 30, the base of supplies having been changed to White House, Va.

The line from Fortress Monroe, Va., to Yorktown was extended along the north bank of the York from Gloucester Point to west Point, with submarine cables crossing the York at Gloucester and the Mattapony at West Point. From the latter place a line was built on the north bank of the Pamuneky to White House. The office at West Point was opened June 2, and at White House the day following. Between White House and Cold Harbor a line of couriers was established. In the construction of the line from Gloucester to West Point the building force had several serius skirmishers with guerrillas in which the guerrillas were driven off. Two of our men were killed and several wounded.

While the operations of the Army of the Potomac were going on General Butler, commanding the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, landed a force at Bermuda Hundred and threatened Richmond and Petersburg. The telegraph line was extended to Jamestown Island. Dispatch boats were kept running between the last-named place and Bermuda Hundred. Lines were built from Bermuda Hundred to the headquarters of General Butler on Proctor's Creek, and to both wings of his army, and were invaluable to General Butler in conducting his

