
operations. The telegraph lines in this department were under the direction of Richard O'Brien, chief operator, who has been indefatigable in his exertions to render them of service to the Government. June 12, 13, and 14 the Army of the Potomac moved from its position about Cold Harbor to Bermuda Hundred and City Point, crossing the James River immediately above Fort Powhatan. A telegraph line was built on the south side of the James from City Point to Swan Point, there connecting with a submarine cable to Jamestown Island, but owing to interruptions by guerrillas this line was not worked successfully until June 24, at which time a sufficient force was stationed along the line tol protect it from guerrilla raids. From City Point lines were built to General Meade's headquarters, two miles and a half southeast of Petersburg, and to General Butler's headquarters at Point of Rocks on the Appomattox, crossing at that place with submarine cable. Lines were also constructed to all the corps headquarters and to our advanced wotks. During the operations at Spotsylvania, on the North Anna, at Cold Harbor, in the march from Cold Harbor to City Point, and in the battle in front of Petersburg in June, the field telegraph lines were worked with great success, and invaluable aid was thus rendered the Government. General Grant and General Meade were kept in almost constant communication with each other and with the different corps of the army. In the above-mentioned operations 150 miles of field telegraph were constructed and worked, and when the army moved were taken down, thus making it necessary for the construction party to travel a distance of 300 miles. To D. Doren, superintendent of construction, A. H. Caldwell, chief operator, and the men under them, is due much of the success attending these lines. They have worked many times in the face of the enemy, exposed to fire without shelter, have been kept up day and night whenever required, and have had innumerable difficulties which can never be known to but few. They deserve the highest commendation.*

T. T. ECKERT,

Major and Assistant Quartermaster of Volunteers.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS, U. S. Army,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.

[26, 36, 40.]

Report of Captain Alexander Moore, aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, of operations July 1-2.

WASHINGTON, September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of facts connected with the battle of Gettysburg, July 1 and 2, as they transpired under my immediate observation, and of the orders instructed to me for execution:

About 2 p. m. July 1 you directed me to proceed from your headquarters at Emmitsburg and communicate with General Reynolds at or near Gettysburg. Upon reaching Gettysburg I found that General Reynolds at or near Gettysburg. Upon reaching Gettysburg I found that General Reynolds had been killed, and the troops under command of General Howard, who was anxious to learn when your corps would be up. Returning to report, I met at short distance from Gettysburg the headof your column advancing, under command of General Birney, and learned from him that you had already gone forward to communicate

---------------

* Remainder of report (here omitted) relates to the construction and management of lines in the Department of the South and statement of properly and expenditures.

---------------

