
with General Howard. Early on the morning of July 2, after accompanying you to General Meade's headquarters, I rode with you around our lines. After the formation of your new line of battle, in accordance with instructions from General Meade empowering you to call upon the Fifth Corps on your left, and upon the Second Corps on your right, for any needed re-enforcements, you directed me, at about 2.10 p. M., to proceed to General Sykes and request him to send a brigade to support General Birney on the road connecting the Taneytown and Emmitsburg roads. General Sykes informed me, upon delivery of my communication, that he would rather not send a brigade at once, but would do so if any necessity arose, General Birney, or General Ward, who commanded Birney's left, to notify him of such an event. On my return the artillery fire had just opened, and I was directed by you to return to General Sykes and bring up a brigade immediately. Upon reaching General Sykes' headquarters I found him absent, but his adjutant had authority to detach a brigade from General Ayres' command, and I conducted General Weed's brigade to General Birney's line, General Birney's line, General Weed accompanying me in person to your headquarters near the wooden barn. Immediately thereafter the signal officer on Round Top Mountain reported to you in person that the enemy was advancing in great force, with the evident design of carrying that position, thus flanking General Birney's lines, and you again directed me to go for further re-enforcements from the Fifth Corps. On my way to where I had last found General Sykes, I met General Crawford, commanding the Pennsylvania Reserves, and was informed by him that he had not received any orders at all that day, and although very anxious to take part in the battle he did not feel authorized to move without orders from General Sykes. I proceeded at once to find General Sykes, but failing in that I met General Slocum, to whom I explained the position of affairs. General Slocum immediately authorized me to use any troops, I might meet. Thus, triply armed, with your own, General Meade's, and General Slocum's authority, I had no hesitation in calling again upon General Crawford, who gladly acquiesced, and his column was instantly put in motion, reaching the extreme left of the line in time to defeat the enemy's attack upon Round Top Mountain. Leaving General Crawford to report to you, I met Captain Poland, who informed me of your disablement, which misfortune I at once proceeded to report to General Meade, and upon my return at dark met you as you were being borne from the field.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER MOORE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Major-General SICKLES,

Third Corps.

[27.]

Report of Captain Lovell Purdy, Jr., Seventy-fourth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,August 14, 1863.

MAJOR: Pursuant to orders received from your headquarters, I most respectfully submit the following report of the participation of this regiment in the movements of this army between the dates of June 11, 1863, and August 1, 1863:

At an early hour on the 11th of June, 1863, orders were received at these headquarters, originating from headquarters Third Army

