
Corps, to move at 10 p. M. the same day. Lieutenant-Colonel Holt, then in command of theregiment, doing at the time picket duty with a detachment of it, captain F. E. Tyler, senior officer present, immediately prepared that part of the regiment, which still remained in camp to move at a moment's notice. At about 12 m. First Lieutenant Belger, aide-de-camp to Colonel Brewster, communicated verbally to Captain Tyler to move his men on the road in front of the encampment of this brigade where to form in line of battle on the rest of the regiments belonging to this brigade, whence to proceed on the road to the extreme front in order to meet the detachment at the time doing picket duty in front, who had already received orders to march for that purpose on the aforesaid road. Accordingly Captain Tyler formed his men in line of battle on his parade ground, when the previously given orders to move immediately were countermanded by Lieutenant Belger, and the men, after having formed stacks, were allowed to rest, he also stating that the pickets had received final orders to join their regiments in their different encampments. During the night of the 11th the pickets joined us after a very severe and rapid march. Early on the morning of the 12th orders were received to move, the regiment was formed, and after joining the rest of the brigade, the column was marched off. Nothing of importance occurred that day. The weather was extremely hot. Halted the column for the night at about 5 p. M. within four miles of Grove Church. Orders were given in the evening to be prepared to move early next morning. The line of march was accordingly taken up at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 13th and halted at 6 p. M. on the arrival at Rappahannock Station, the marching having been severe and the weather sultry. There being indications of a short stay on the morning of the 14th, the men were ordered to clean their guns and accounterments and a thorough inspection of both was immediately made. In the evening of that day orders were received to move. The march was continued during the whole night and until the next morning, June 15, 1863, at 8 a. M., and halted at Catlett's Station. Left at 2 p. M. and arrived at Manassas Junction at 9.30 p. M. the same day. The marching from Rappahannock Station was very severe, the weather being sultry and the night dark, causing some men, however, rejoined the regiment at Catlett's Station previous to its departure from there. ReMained at Manassas Junction during the night of the 15th and the whole day and night of the 16th. Great scarcity of water. Started from Manassas Junction on the morning of the 17th; crossed Bull Run Creek, where a short halt was made, and arrived at Centerville in the afternoon. Received orders on the morning of June 19 to accompany the corps wagon train as guard, upon which Colonel Holt, after joining the same, divided the regiment into different squads and marched them at intervals among the train. Reports that the enemy's cavalry hovered about our rear being in circulation, the strictest precautions were taken against an emergency. Lieutenant-Colonel Holt ordered the arms to be loaded and the men to be kept on a continual alert. These orders were strictly complied with, but nothing of importance occurred. The train was halted on the arrival at Gum Springs in the evening, and the regiment encamped near the wagons of the train where it remained till the 21st day of June, when orders were received to rejoin the brigade, which was complied with at 8 a. M. that day. The line of march was again taken up at 10 a. M. on the 25th of June. Crossed the Potomac River at Edwards Ferry on pontoons, proceeded along the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, and arrived at Aqueduct Bridge at 1 a. M. the 26th of June, under a very heavy rain-storm, where a bivouac was made. The line of march

