
them to Captain McClellan, chief of staff of General Humphreys. This act was performed under a vigorous fire of the enemy and several officers and men were wounded. In the charge following the retirement of our troops ninety-two prisoners were captured and turned over by the men of this regiment to Major Bull, provost-marshal of the Second Corps. Among the prisoners captured was the adjutant of the Twenty-second Georgia Volunteers, C. S. Army, on whom, on being searched, were found important papers which were given over to Brigadier-General Humphreys in person. The enemy having been driven from the position he occupied, the battalion received orders to retire to the second line of battle, after the compliance of which night set in and the men were cautioned to rest on their arms. The casualties during this engagement were as follows: One officer killed and five officers wounded, namely: Captain William H. Chester, killed, and Captain F. E. Tyler and First Lieutenant Willard Bullard, wounded, Second Lieuts. Charles G. Summers and Charles Dussuet, wounded. Asst. Surg. Joseph D. Stewart, wounded; 3 sergeants, 4 corporals, and 4 privates killed; 12 sergeants, 16 corporals, 38 privates, wounded; 3 privates missing.

On the morning of the 3rd of July, the battle having recommenced, the regiment was again remained under a very brisk artillery fire of the enemy for about one hour, when the regiment was marched to the rear in order to obtain provisions, after which it was again moved to the front and formed on the left of the First Division, this corps. Staid there until the afternoon and then moved up to the support of a battery and remained under a heavy shelling of the enemy for several hours. Two men were wounded. The regiment was marched into a piece of woods for the night. Received orders toward 9 o'clock next morning, July 4, 1863, to proceed to the right of our front, and remained there as support for the pickets until late in the afternoon, when we were withdrawn and bivouacked on an open field and on the left of our late position for the following night. Details were also sent out to identify the killed of the regiment and bury them. During the day of the 5th of July men were also sent out to pick up arms and accounterments which they might see lying round on the battle-field. On the morning of the 6th of July received orders to move, which were, however, countermanded after the column had moved but a few hundred yards. It was accordingly countermarched to the position previously occupied. The total loss at Gettysburg was as follows:

 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate.

Killed or died wounds	 1	 11	 12

received

Wounded	 5	 68	 73

Missing	 -	 3	 3

Total	 6	 82	 88

The line of march was again taken up on the morning of July 7, at 4 o'clock; passed through Emmitsburg, Md., after recrossing the frontier of Pennsylvania, and through Mechanicsville, Md., and bivouacked for the night about half a mile beyond that town. Left in the morning of the 8th, at 6 o'clock, repassed Mechanicsville and Frederick, Md., and bivouacked two miles beyond that town for the night. Broke up next morning (on the 9th), passed through Middletown, Md., and bivouacked

