
for the night on South Mountain. Started again in the morning of the 10th, passed Mount Carmel Church, through Keedysville, crossed Little and Big Antietam Creeks, and bivouacked for the following night on the Antietam battle field. July 11 passed through Sharpsburg, Md., and staid that night some distance beyond it. Took up the line of march again on the 12th day of July and stopped for the night within supporting distance of the Twelfth Corps. Moved up to the intrenchments on the 13th, where we remained until the afternoon, when we again moved to the road on our right, on which we proceeded some distance and then encamped. ReMained there on the 14th. Orders were promulgated on the 15th in the morning to move. Took up the line of march again, and passing through Fairplay, Md., moved on the turnpike to Sharpsburg, passed through that town, and encamped two miles beyond it for the night. The weather was extremely hot and sultry, and several men were sunstruck during that day's march. Left again on the morning of the 16th, and passing through Pleasant Valley encamped within sight of the fortifications of Maryland Heights and four miles from Harper's Ferry. Before leaving the loyal States I must remark that the people of both Pennsylvania and Maryland welcomed us wherever we passed with apparently joy, displaying the Stars and Stripes and singing national songs. They also aided us in every possible way, sometimes sacrificing their own comforts for that of the tre Potomac and into Virginia on the 17th of July in the afternoon, and staid that night about three miles beyond Harper's Ferry. Moved again at 4 a. M. on the 18th of July, and passing through Loudoun Valley encamped near Hillsborough, Va. Took up our line of march on the 19th and halted one mile beyond Berryville, Va. Started again on the morning of the 20th toward Snicker's gap, turned off near Snickersville to the left, marched along the Blue Ridge Mountains, and remained that night near Upperville, Va. Staid there during the day of the 21st of July and until noon of the 22nd of July, when we marched toward Piedmont Station, Va., where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 23rd orders were received to move. The regiment was consequently decamped at 4 o'clock in the morning and marched on the road toward Manassas Gap, where we arrived at about 1 p. M. Here again, in anticipation of an engagement, the so-often-tried veterans of this regiment were snapping caps, cleaning and preparing their arms for the soon to come trial. After a short delay, occasioned by the skirmishing in front, the regiment was formed in close column by division and advanced toward the mountains. My pen can hardly describe the difficulty of ascending and descending the two gigantic mountains which lay on the road to the front; adding to it a big swamp at the foot of the second mountain, which this regiment had to pass. I may justly add that none but the often-tried heroes could have passed through the fatigues of such a march and accomplish what they subsequently did. After passing through the swamp and ascending another less steep mountain, the regiment was halted and time allowed to those men to join who had not been able to follow up with the same rapidity with which the head of the column had marched, of which opportunity they availed themselves. The column was then deployed and marched left in front through a ravine and then fronted and formed in the brigade line. The men were cautioned to load their pieces and after a short stay they were ordered to charge bayonets. Though I never doubted their courage, the effect which this order had on the men by far surpassed my expectations. They charged over one and then another hill with an endurance rarely witnessed. Using their hands to aid their progress they at last reached the summit of the hill on which the enemy

