
was stationed and, charging, drove them from their position. In utter confusion the enemy threw away arms and accounterments and left us in possession of the field, the killed and wounded, and several prisoners. They were pursued by our men, who continually fired at the foe. Night set in and prevented further movements. A detachment of this regiment was then deployed as skirmishers, while the rest were ordered to sleep on their arms. Among the casualties in this engagement I regret to announce the death of two of the best officers of this regiment, First Lieutenant Charles S. Preston and Second Lieutenant James Short.

Total loss of the regiment at Wapping Heights, July 23, 1863.

 Office	 Sergea	 Corpor	 Privat	 Aggre

 rs.	 nts.	 als.	 es.	 gate.

Killed or died from	 2	 -	 -	 2	 4

wounds received

Wounded	 -	 2	 2	 3	 7

Total	 2	 2	 2	 5	 11

Started on the morning of the 24th of July in pursuit of the enemy, and after proceeding some distance on the road to Front Royal, Va., deployed in line of battle on a field to the left of the road and advanced toward that place, which we reached at about 12 m. After proceeding about a mile beyond Front Royal orders were received to countermarch, and the regiment accordingly returned on the same road and halted for the night at Markham Station after a very severe march, the weather being extremely hot and the men without rations. On the 25th day of July, while on the march to Salem, Va., the column was halted in an open field and rations were drawn for the men, after which we again left and bivouacked the following night at White Plains. The line of march was again taken up on the 26th; we marched through Warrenton, Va., and encamped about one mile beyond it until the 1st day of August, 1863, when we broke up camp and proceeded to our present position. During this last march, Colonel Holt having left for New York on detached duty, I being the senior officer present, was in command of the regiment. In reviewing operations of this regiment, performed since the beginning of this campaign and up to the time of our arrival here, I can state that the members of it-officers and men- are deserving of much praise for the gallantry with which they have gone through so many hardships, suffering from the weather, want of clothing, and hunger. I regret to say that, owing to inefficiency or neglect of the officer in charge of the commissary department of this brigade, the officers of this regiment were only very seldom allowed the privilege due to them of purchasing stores from that department, which certainly caused suffering and disatisfaction among the members concerned, and through the inefficiency of another officer the allowance of clothing and company stores was insufficient the baggage wagons having been sent to the rear on leaving campand subsequently burned, thus depriving us of necessary change of clothing, &amp;c., and embarrassing company commanders greatly in settling their accounts and furnishing reports daily required from different sources.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOVELL PURDY, Jr.,

Captain, Fifth Excelsior, Commanding Seventy-fourth Regiment New York Vols.

[27.]

