
JULY 2-26, 1863.-Morgan's Raid in Kentucky, Indiana, and Ohio.

Report of Colonel Rutherford B. Hayes, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Camp White, W. Va., July 23, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from General Scammon, two regiments of the brigade under my command, viz, Twenty-third Ohio and Thirteenth Virginia Volunteers, marched from Fayetteville on the evening of the 16th instant, en route for the Ohio River, to aid in preventing the escape of the rebel forces under General Morgan. We reached Gallipolis by steam-boats from Loop Creek at daylight on the morning of the 18th; thence we proceeded up the Ohio to Pomeroy. At this point General Morgan attempted to force a passage over the Ohio, on the 18th. By direction of General Scammon, the Twenty-third Ohio, under Lieutenant-Colonel Comly, and the Thirteenth Virginia, under command of Colonel Jones, of General Scammon's staff, were marched to the roads on which Morgan was attempting to reach the river. On the approach of the rebels these regiments formed in line of battle, and with four companies thrown forward as skirmishers, advanced to meet the enemy, who were dismounted and also formed in line of battle. A short skirmish ensued, when the rebels retreated, hastily mounted their horses, and pushed on up the Ohio. Our loss was one wounded, Corporal Clemons, Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The enemy lost 5 killed and 16 wounded left on the field. The troops were immediately embarked on transports and steamed up the Ohio to Buffington Island, where Morgan, on the morning of the 19th instant, again attempted to cross, but was defeated by the cavalry under General Judah, and the gun-boats under Captain Fitch. The infantry under my command were present in time to witness the defeat of the enemy, but not in time to render important assistance. On the 19th my command went up the Ohio to Hockingport. The Twenty-third Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Comly, scouted the woods in pursuit of the enemy and captured a large number of prisoners and horses. During the night of the 19th the two regiments were deployed on the Virginia shore for a distance of five miles, to prevent the enemy from crossing. It is believed that no rebels succeeded in crossing during the night, although attempts were made to do so. On the 21st instant we started on our return, and reached this camp at 10 a. M. on the 22nd instant. The total number of prisoners reported to these headquarters, captured by the troops under my command, was 208 ---- of whom were commissioned officers. No full report of captured horses has yet been made; the number will exceed fifty. A quantity of arms and cavalry equipments were also captured. The troops under my command, it is believed, prevented the rebels from crossing the Ohio at Pomeroy, and gave important aid to those engaged in intercepting them at points higher up on the river. It is proper to add that General Scammon and staff were with the advance during the whole of the expedition, and that all the movements referred to in this report were directed by the general.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HAYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JAMES L. BOTSFORD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Eighth Army Corps.

[23.]

