
NOVEMBER 26-DECEMBER 2, 1863.-The Mine Run (Virginia) Campaign.

Report of Colonel Clement A. Evans, Thirty-first Georgia Infantry.*
HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S BRIGADE,January 21, 1864.

MAJOR: On the 26th of November, 1863, this brigade, in obedience to orders, moved from its camp near Somerville Ford to the old turnpike road, about one mile west of Mine Run, and picketed various roads by regiments during the night. On the morning of next day advanced across Mine Run and came in contact with the enemy at Locust Grove. The Sixtieth Georgia Regiment, Major W. B. Jones commanding, was deployed as skirmishers; advanced and engaged the skirmishers of the enemy, driving them nearly upon the main line, and held their position during the day. The casualties of this regiment in this affair was: Killed, 3; wounded, 15; missing, 13; total, 31. During the night our line of battle was withdrawn to the west side of Mine Run, about half a mile distant, where position was again taken and fortified. Eight companies of the Sixty-first Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel C. W. McArthur commanding, covered the brigade front as skirmishers. The enemy followed, crossed a heavy line of skirmishers in front of Early's division, drove in our skirmishers, but the lost ground was soon recovered, the enemy again retiring their skirmishers beyond the run. The loss of the Sixty-first Georgia Regiment in this skirmish was: Killed, 1; wounded, 10; missing, 8; total, 19. On the 29th and 30th no operations of any importance, and on the 2nd of December, being discovered that the enemy had retreated, the brigade as part of the division pursued, but without results, as the enemy had crossed the Rapidan. On the same day the brigade returned to its former camp.

C. A. EVANS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. W. DANIEL, Asst. Adjt. General, Early's Division.
HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S BRIGADE,January 22, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with your note just received, I respectfully add the following to my within report:

On the 26th of November, 1863, four regiments of this brigade, viz, the Sixtieth Georgia, Major Jones commanding, the Sixty-first Georgia, Colonel Lamar commanding, the Thirteenth Georgia, Colonel Smith commanding, and the Thirty-eighth Georgia, Lieutenant-Colonel Davant commanding, were marched to the junction of the Zoar Church and Fredericksburg road, and the following dispositions made: The Thirty-eighth Georgia was posted on the old turnpike about one-quarters of a mile beyond the junction referred to. The Sixtieth Georgia and Sixty-first Georgia were posted on the road leading from New Verdierville to Locust Grove. The Thirteenth Georgia was posted on the plank road about one mile east of Verdierville. None of these regiments were relieved or re-enforced until they all marched on the 27th to Locust Grove. On the day first mentioned the Twenty-sixth Georgia Regiment, Colonel Atkinson commanding, was on picket at Robertson's Ford, and the Thirty-first Georgia Regiment, commanded by myself, was ordered to take position near the ford to support Colonel Atkinson, if necessary. I was placed in command of both regiments, and about dark was directed to return my regiment to camp. When nearly at camp I received another order from the brigadier-general commanding the division to take the Twenty-sixth Georgia as soon as

---------------

*See also Gordon's report, VOL. XXIX, Part I, p. 843.

---------------

