
DECEMBER 18, 1863.-Skirmish at Indiantown, or Sandy Swamp, N. C.

Report of Captain George B. Cock, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops.

INTRENCHED CAMP NEAR NORFOLK, VA.,

December 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of action and casualties sustained by a detachment of the Fifth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, under my command, at Sandy Swamp, near Indiantown, N. C., on the 18th instant:

The detachment consisted of four companies, numbering near 200 men. Of these one company was detached as rear guard. At about 11 a. M., while on the march, Lieutenant Bennett, commanding the vanguard, reported to Captain Jones, commanding a detachment in the advance, that the enemy was near. The detachments were then halted while the vanguard went forward to reconnoiter. Scarcely had we halted, however, when a volley was fired upon us from a dense thicket of pines, distant 400 yards, by which 2 men were killed, 1 mortally and 1 severely wounded. I immediately commanded the men to lie down and fire on the enemy from behind the fence, which was obeyed in time [to] escape a second volley. For a few minutes the firing was rapid and general on both sides. Two companies were then sent out to the right and one to the left to flank them, while I was to attack them in front. I immediately moved by the road in front of the thicket, commanded, "fix bayonets," and moved by the right flank into the pines, but the enemy had fled. We then returned, picked up our dead and wounded, and continued the march. The casualties sustained by my command were as follows: Privates, Richard H. Fox and Jeremiah Franklin, killed: Jordon Dorton, shot in the neck, mortally wounded, died the following morning; David Quan, shot through the right lung; all of Company G, Fifth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops. The behavior of the men while under fire was good.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. COCK,

Captain Company G, Fifth U. S. Colored Troops.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

[29.]

JANUARY 22-23, 1864.-Scout from Manassas Junction to Middleburg, Va.

Report of Major George H. Covode, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Bristoe Station, Va., January 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout sent out from Manassas Junction under the command of Captain R. D. Martin:

He started from camp at Manassas and took the road to Sudley's Mills on Catharpin Run, about twelve miles from camp in a northwesterly direction. When he arrived at that place he saw two mounted men, apparently soldiers. He immediately charged with a portion of his men, when they ran. His men, following rapidly, fired several times at them, but they escaped by dismounting and leaving their horses, which he captured, the men escaping through the woods. He then advanced with his command in the direction of Aldie, crossing the run, and after marching about a mile came in sight of three mounted

