
about thirty men. My force not being large enough to divide, I pushed on after this party with my whole command. I came up with them about 10 o'clock at Squire Barbour's (whom they had just arrested), about six miles from Wayne Court-House, the headquarters of the rebel Colonel Ferguson. I found Captain Spurlock here, strongly posted on a hill with thirty men. I immediately charged his position, firing briskly as I advanced, and after a spirited skirmish lasting about half an hour the rebels gave way and fled in all directions through the woods. I ordered a vigorous pursuit, and two of my men, recognizing Captain Spurlock with five of his men, gave chase, and after pursuing them about a mile succeeded in capturing Captain Spurlock and killing one of his men. Captain Spurlock fought bravely, firing at us every opportunity. He shot one of my horses five times with his own hand. The result of the engagement was the capture of Captain Hurston Spurlock and 4 of his men, killing 3, recapturing 2 soldiers of the Ninth Virginia Volunteers and 2 citizens. I also captured 10 Enfield rifles, 5 revolvers, and 3 horses. I learned from the prisoners that they had sent Mr. Smith, the sheriff, Mr. Wright, the commissioner, and Squire Ferguson to Wayne Court-House by the other route, thus prevenitng their recapture; they had also disposed of the money and papers taken from Mr. Smith by sending them by another route. Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, with a detachment of the Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, came up just after the engagement, but our united forces being small, he deemed it prudent not to advance nearer to Wayne Court House, and ordered me to return to Barboursville, which place I reached about sunset, having traveled about forty miles in twelve hours without stopping long enough to get anything to eat for either men or horses. I was compelled to swim the Guyandotte River on my return, in doing which I had one horse drowned.

Very respectfully,

J. S. WITCHER,

Captain, Commanding Company G, Third Virginia Cavalry.

Colonel W. R. BROWN,

Commanding.

FEBRUARY 14, 1864.-Affair near Brentsville, Va.

Report of Captain James Carle, Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Camp at Bristoe Station, Va., February 14, 1864.

SIR: At 1 p. M. to-day I accompanied a detachment of twenty-five men from the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Lieutenant Earley, with orders from General Crawford to cross Cedar Run beyond Brentsville, and to scout through the country from a mile to a mile and a half beyond that place if safety would apparently permit. While passing through Brentsville one of four men sent in advance rode back and reported three rebel soldiers having run from the town into a thicket of pines in the direction of Cedar Run, some few rods farther on. Upon arriving at this thicket four men were dismounted to examine through it, and the balance of the party, except three men to lead the horses of the dismounted and to guard at the bridge on the side of

