
can learn, I should judge that Mosby had a force of 300 men, or even more, when he attacked Captain Reed. Many accounts put his force as high as 400 or 500 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CROWNINSHIELD,

Major, Commanding Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

Lieutenant STONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

FEBRUARY 28, 1864.-Skirmish near Spring's Ford, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Edward O'Shea, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,

Camp near Bristoe Station, Va., February 29, 1864.

I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from division headquarters I left this camp at 3 a. M. February 28 with a detail of fifty men. By avoiding the road and keeping in the fields I got between Brentsville and the bridge over Cedar Run, having previously posted guards at every outlet from the town. I then advanced to Brentsville from the bridge and searched every house, but found no enemy. I then crossed the bridge and reconnoitered through the woods; saw nothing of the enemy. Returning to Brentsville, I took the telegraph road and traveled rapidly to Bland's Ford, and after crossing dismounted half my command and scouted that section of country to a place called the Forest, crossing another ford called Springg's Ford. I crossed this ford about sunrise, and deploying my men as skirmishers I proceeded to search the Forest and all the houses therein. Here, at a house which I think is the place marked deserted on the map in my possession, a few of my mounted men came in view of a house from whence two bushwhackers emerged, who, on seeing the soldiers, made for a pine wood close by, discharging their pistols as they ran, one shot wounding one of the mounted men in the arm while in the act of dismounting to go in pursuit, it being impossible to bring a horse through so dense a pines. At first sight of the bushwhackers and previous to dismounting, the mounted party, numbering six, discharged their carbines simultaneously with the fire of the bushwhackers' pistols. By this time I arrived on the ground, bringing with me the dismounted men with whom I was scouting in another direction, from which direction I changed my course to that from whence came the reports of the eight shots. I got a view of the enemy whilst making through the woods and poured a volley of twenty shots after him, some of whik effect, for one of the bushwhackers jumped some two feet from the ground and lost his hat, which was immediately picked up by my men. The bushwhackers pushed their way through an almost impassable swamp, when they succeeded in getting beyond our view. We saw no more of them, though making a diligent and thorough search. I captured 1 horse and horse equipments, 1 saber, 1 Springfield rifle, 1 officer's hat, which formerly belonged to an officer in the First Division, Second Corps; 4 ounces coffee, such as is furnished by U. S. commissary. The two men had but one horse. From inquiries made I believe one of the bushwhackers' name is Higgison. He has a

