
house near Spring's Ford at the mill. His wife resides there, but he is never at home when I get there. The property captured has been turned over to the quartermaster. Arrived in camp at 12 m. Distance traveled twenty miles.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD O'SHEA,

Lieutenant Commanding Company L, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major R. A. McCOY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

MARCH 8, 1864.-Scout from Bristoe Station to Brenstville, Va.

Report of Captain Andrew H. McHenry, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR BRISTOE STATION, March 8, 1864.

I have the honor to report that in compliance with your order (verbal) I proceeded from this camp at 6.40, instant, with a detail of forty mounted cavalry from various companies of this (Thirteenth) regiment, with one sergeant from Company H. Proceeded about south by southeast to and through a part of improved country that is known as the Jersey Settlement; then moved eastward by private roads over plantations, crossing Kettle and Cedar Runs. The latter is a large stream. After crossing two or more roads, public, leading northward, at about nine miles by route came in a public road. At about ten miles came a place called Cole's Store. The improvements here are two dwellings, one small store-house, a shop, and small church contiguous. The country so far is comparatively open, but few if any places in which an ambuscade could be formed or a surprise made by an enemy. The country has about 95 per cent. of the whole area cleared and the greater part grown up with pine, red, and black oak. Searched the houses generally so far, but found nothing deemed contraband. Mr. Cole and one very aged man reside here. Mr. Cole informed me that some three days prior a number of rebel cavalry passed there in squads, the whole amounting to 200 or 300. From this took the public road leading northwestward in the direction of Manassas. At about one mile on this road, at a house said to be occupied by a Union man, was informed that the rebels had maintained a picket-post for about one day and a half. Along this road to near Cedar Run bridge is skirted with small second-growth pines on either side, generally favorable for bushwhackers to carry out their mode of warfare. Approached the Cedar Run with caution, reconnoitered the position, then crossed by twos. Came to Brentsville, examined the place, found five houses occupied, including the jail. But two men reside in this town; the court-house has but a part of the roof remaining on; the houses are generally in ruins. The town stands on an elevation, said to be five miles from Cole's Store, nineteen miles to Potomac via Dumfries. From this came to the Jersey Settlement, from thence to camp, not having met or seen any enemy in arms.

Respectfully submitted.

A. H. McHENRY,

Captain Company G, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

