
NOTE.-Arrived at Cole's Store 10.13 a. M. Whole distance traveled about twenty miles. Arrived in camp at 2.30 p. M. Rain falling nearly the whole time of travel.

A. H. McHENRY,

Captain, &amp;c.

Major MICHAEL KERWIN,

Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[33.]

MARCH 9, 1864.-Skirmish near Greenwich, Va.

Report of Major Michael Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Bristoe Station, Va., March 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant White with a detachment of forty men left this camp at 7 a. M., proceeding in the direction of Greenwith, near which place he was attacked by the enemy, consisting of Mosby's command, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, and Chincapin Rangers, numbering in all some 200 men. One of Lieutenant White's command succeeded in effecting his escape to camp, reporting the circumstances of the attack to me. I immediately ordered Lieutenant Ed. O'Shea to report the circumstances to you, and in obedience to the order of the colonel commanding the division, I repaired with the whole available force remaining in camp, numbering in all some sixty-five men, to the scene of action, taking the road to Greenwich. When within three miles of the latter place, observed a squad of about fifteen rebels upon the top of a hill and about half a mile to the left of the main road. Not knowing but that they might be in force, I deployed a line of skirmishers, advancing cautiously, in the meantime deploying a portion of the command to the left. The woods being very dense, the movement could not, I thought, be observable to them, and calculated getting in their rear. But before the party approached within half a mile of them they left. I then advanced the whole command to Greenwich, feeling they way cautiously. I met on the road three men of Lieutenant White's command who were wounded, and one who had been captured, confined in a house with an infantry man captured sometime previously, under the guard of one man. Requesting a drink of water, the sentinel went to a spring some distance away, and whilst away succeeded in effecting his escape alone, the infantryman not feeling inclined to hazard the attempt. From him we learn the following information, as obtained from the rebel guard placed over him and his own observation: A party of about forty of Mosby's command charged them in the rear on the road, whilst a party of about fifty advanced in line of battle in rear of the charging party, other squads also attacking on the flanks at the same time. The whole rebel force was commanded by Mosby, consisting of the Fourth Virginia, Chincapin Rangers, and forty of Mosby's old command, the latter party proceeding with the prisoners captured through Greenwich. The two other columns, the Chincapin Rangers and Fourth Virginia Cavalry, crossed Broad Run, proceeding in the direction of Gainesville. The command remained one hour at Greenwich, during which time I sent parties to reconnoiter the woods in the vicinity. Observing no indications of the enemy, returned, arriving in camp

