
about 6lties will foot up as follows: Ten missing, 3 wounded (present in camp).

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. KERWIN,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major ROBERT A. McCOY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[33.]

Report of Lieutenant Charles A. White, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,

Near Bristoe Station, Va., March 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that the following are the particulars of the scout made by forty rank and file of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and under my command:

I left camp at about 7 a. M. to-day; moved up toward Nokesville. On coming within a quarter of a mile of that place I obliqued to the right, and throwing front and rear guards out proceeded across the country in the direction of Greenwich and came out on the Greenwich road about three miles this side of Doctor Payne's house, having thoroughly scoured the roads on the way. Here I halted and with about fifteen dismounted men skirmished through a pine woods to the right of the road. Finding no indication of the enemy, mounted and moved forward very slowly, throwing out flankers to ride through the woods on either side of the road, at the same time keeping the column off the main road whenever it was practicable. I arrived at Doctor Payne's house at about 10.30 a. M. Here I again halted and sent men to skirmish through the woods, also to search Doctor Payne's house and the outhouses adjoining. Finding nothing to indicate that the enemy had been there, I slowly moved on again. On coming opposite to Doctor Hunter's house I took sixteen men and galloped forward with them, giving a sergeant command of the balance of the men (about twelve men); on arriving at the pine woods convenient to Doctor Hunter's house, I dismounted the men and proceeded to skirmish through these woods, when, having gone but about 100 yards through them, I heard cheering and immediately after, firing on the road. The men holding the horses of those dismounted succeeded in bringing five or six of them to the woods. We then mounted and came out on the road when I saw about fifty of the enemy, mounted and drawn up in line on a hill northwest of the aforesaid pine woods, and several, I think about thirty, riding about in almost every direction. I then tried to find the men I left mounted on the road, but could see no one but the enemy in strong force, consisting, as I afterward learned, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, Mosby's guerrillas, and those known as the Chincapin Rangers, the whole commanded by Mosby in person. Knowing that no good could be done with the few ered them to get to camp as quickly as possible and notify Major Kerwin of the affair. I met two men of my command coming out of the woods about two miles and a half outside our pickets, whom I ordered to catch five riderless horses that came running down the road. Here I am these two men remained until Major Kerwin came up with his command, to whom I reported, and with whom I went to Greenwich. The loss sustained in

