
men and horses is as follows, as far as can be ascertained at present, viz: Men wounded, 3; missing, 10.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHARLES A. WHITE,

First Lieutenant, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major M. KERWIN,

Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[33.]

MARCH 11, 1864.-Scout from Bristoe Station to Greenwich, Va.

Report of Captain Andrew H. McHenry, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Camp near Bristoe Station, Va., March 11, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your order at 7.30 instant I left this post in command of the available force of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry now at the post, and proceeded by the route leading to Greenwich Plantation. Upon arriving at the exterior line of our pickets I sent forward Lieutenant O'Shea, with Company L, as advance guard, with skirmishers at rectangle with the right flank of his command, with instructions to arrest all citizens found on the route. In this way the country was thoroughly scoured, houses examined, and information obtained that could reasonably be done. This was strictly adhered [to] until arriving within the picket-line of the Second Infantry (Regulars) near Catlett's Station. The course or route from camp was by the road to Greenwich until arriving within about three-quarters of a mile of Observation Mountain (where we saw the rebel cavalry on the 9th instant.) From this point digressed to the left, thus avoiding any view that could be taken from Observation Mountain, passing generally through land covered by second growth timber, in part small pines. About three-fourths of the land had been originally covered with white oak, was of clay formation, the horses sinking each step from three to five inches in the flat land. When within about two miles and a quarter of Greenwich crossed a small branch of Kettle Run. Running left a short distance farther, touched on the northern bend of Kettle Run; kept this run to left; raised the ridge. A part of this was red shale soil and firm road. Our skirmishers discovered the place occupied by the rebels on the night of the 8th prior to their attack on our scout. Arrived at Greenwich Church (Episcopal) at 11.06 a. M. Sent out one detachment to Gaines' Cross-Roads, New Baltimore pike, with Lieutenant O'Shea; another detachment with Lieutenant White to the battle-ground of the 9th instant. Diligent search was made for men that might have fallen on the 9th; found none, as all our men are accounted for; nine men made prisoners and taken away; two others were taken and escaped; eleven horses were lost. We ascertained from the people of the country two of the enemy were mortally wounded and one favorite white horse was killed. They report the enemy's force consisting of thirty-eighth of Mosby's guerrillas, part of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, and the Chincapin Rangers, numbering from 250 to 300 men. From Greenwich proceeded on the route in the direction of Catlett's Station; about two miles was through woods of coke-red, white, and black-oak, the land rather sterile and roads or route firm. At about two miles and a

