
half crossed Kettle Run. About one mile farther crossed the north branch of Cedar Run, passing through cleared land and along a public road until within the picket-line of the Second Regulars near Catlett's Station, to the station; thence returned to camp by the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Had no information of guerrillas on this route for many months. The people informed us that the Fourth Virginia Cavalry had orders to return to Stuart's command and bid them good-by, and was to meet the Sixth Virginia Cavalry in the mountains (Blue Ridge), by whom they were to be relieved. Arrived at camp at 4.15 p. M. Whole distance traveled about thirty-four miles.

A. H. McHENRY,

Captain Company G, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Major MICHAEL KERWIN,

Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,March 11, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

One of the twelve horses mentioned in yesterday's report as being captured was abandoned by our men, he being foundered.

M. KERWIN,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

[33.]

MARCH 28-29, 1864.-Scout to Aldie and Middleburg, Va.

Report of Major George F. McCabe, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Bristoe Station, Va., March 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report as follows:

I left this camp on the evening of the 28th of March, on a scout, having in my command 225 men and 9 officers, and proceeded by way of Manassas to Aldie. Not finding the enemy, I went on to Middleburg. I drove the pickets of Mosby's command from the town, none of the enemy, with the exception of the pickets, being there. I their learned that Mosby, with from 400 to 600 men, had been encamped the past week six miles north of Middleburg. As my horses by that time needed feeding, having marched thirty miles, I fell back to Aldie to feed. Whilst there the enemy sent forward several men on the road and hills around to watch us. I sent forward one company to show fight and to fall back if the enemy would attack, that I might have the advantage of ground, and would fight them at the east end of Aldie, as the ground and roads at the west end were not fit for me to use a small force of cavalry against double their numbers without great danger to the safety of the command, and as I was well aware that Mosby would not fight us unless he had double our numbers and that he would have to have all advantages, and I could not catch his few men who were in my front as decoys. I discovered during the time that he was trying to draw me west of Aldie, that 100 of Mosby's men were nearly a mile off and northeast of Aldie, evidently intending to get in my rear if I would advanceon Middleburg to engage the party in my front. I report the men of the Sixth, Seventh, and Fifteenth Virginia Regiments of rebel cavalry as having joined their commands. No enemy in

