
that neighborhood except Mosby's command, which may be set down at 500 all told. He is planning to catch the wagons going out from Fairfax to Washington, and great care, as he is going to ambush the roads in that vicinity. I arrived back at camp at this place at 6 p. M. 29th instant. Command all safe and in good condition.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. McCABE,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel McCANDLESS,

Commanding Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

[33.]

MAY4-JUNE 2, 1864.-Operations on the south side of the James River, Va.

Report of Major General Robert Rnasom, Jr., C. S. Army, of action at Chester Station, May 10.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Near Drewry's Bluff, May 10, 1864-3.30 p. M.

GENERAL: We moved out early this morning and at 10 o'clock attacked the enemy near and at Winfree's house, between the turnpike and Bermuda road. Barton's brigade was on the turnpike and one regiment of it on the right of the Bermuda Hundred road; Gracie on the river road, his left near Howlett's house. We had only four pieces of artillery-two on river road, one on turnpike, and one near Bermuda Hundred road; Dunovant's dismounted men and the cavalry under General Chilton on the railroad and near it. The attack was commenced on nearly the whole line to the right of the turnpike at once, and for a short time seemed to be progressing favorably. As the right under General Chilton with one regiment of Barton's passed, it was feebly seconded by the other regiments of Barton's, and on this part of the line the men behaved very badly from the beginning of the fight. After about an hour's firing, General Barton reported his left broken and turned. Ineffectually I tried to get it to regain its lost position. By this Gracie had to be called suddenly to the right of the turnpike. Shortly after this Barton's brigade, or the greater part of it, was thoroughly demoralized, and I knew was worthless for a further contest. About 12.45 I fell back to the trenches, which we have just reached. The casualties are numberous, I am informed. Colonel Cabell, Thirty-eighth Virginia, is, I fear, mortally wounded. The most of the ground is covered with thickest undergrowth. We are trying to get off the wounded. Some fifty prisoners were taken by us. They all report a large force between the rivers, Butler commanding; W. F. Smith and Gillmore chief subordinates. I have not been able to ascertain the number opposed to us. The work of the day is very unsatisfactory to me, and the only consolation I have is in hoping we prevented or deferred an attack on Petersburg. The fatigue of the men seems to be very great.

Very respectfully,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

P. S.-There has been no firing heard toward Petersburg since I attacked this morning.

R. R., Jr.

[General BRAXTON BRAGG.]

