
to me with the following guns: Captain Norcom, Fourth Company three Napoleons; Captain Richardson, Second Company, two Napoleons, one of which was taken from Read's battalion; Captain Hero, Third Company, six Napoleons, three of which were taken from Read's battalion, making four guns received from Read's battalion. These batteries, together with Captain Owen's First Company, and a section of Second Company, under Lieutenant Britton, made a total of seventeen guns, sixteen of which were Napoleons and one 3-inch rifle.

By order of Major-General Hoke, commanding, the different batteries were placed temporarily with the following brigades, in which order they took up the line of march toward Drewry's Bluff; First Company, Captain Owen, with Corse's brigade; Second Company, Captain Richardson, with Hagood's brigade; Third Company, Captain Hero, with Ransom's brigade; Fourth Company, Captain Norcom, with Kemper's brigade. At 9.30 on the morning of the 12th, the enemy being reported advancing and our troops forming in line of battle, I placed a section of the First Company under Lieutenant Brown on the turnpike at the Half-Way House and engaged the enemy, driving back his skirmishers and disabling one of his guns. At night Lieutenant Brown retired to our first line of works and joined his battery, which was afterward ordered into the work to the left of the Chesterfield Court-House road. Captain Richardson's battery was placed in the work on the left of the turnpike. Captain Hero's battery was placed in position on the extreme right of the line on Wooldridge's farm. Captain Norcom's battery occupied the works between Captains Owen's and Hero's batteries. At 9 p. M., by order of General Hoke, Hero's battery was withdrawn and ordered into park near the Chesterfield road. AT 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 13th, the enemy having turned our right flank, Captain Norcom's guns were withdrawn to the second line of works. Hero's battery and a section of Owen's, under Lieutenant Galbraith, were placed in position by Major Owen (Washington Artillery) near Proctor's Creek, and, opening fire, kept the enemy at bay, thereby affording Brigadier-General Ransom time to withdraw his brigade andform a new line of battle, after which the guns were retired to our second line of works. All the troops having fallen back to this line, my batteries occupied the following positions: First Company on the extreme right at Gregory's Crossing; Second Company and a section of the Third Company, under Lieutenant Stocker, in Fort Stevens; Third Company to the right of the saw-mill; Fourth Company between the First and Third Companies in these works. Captain Norcom, Fourth Company, found four iron guns (two 6-pounder, one 12-pounder howitzer, and one 3-inch rifle) in position, which were manned by him in addition to his three Napoleons. On the 14th the batteries of Norcom, Richardson, and Hero were engaged at different times during the day. The enemy made as assault at night on Norcom's position, but were easily repulsed by him, Lieutenant Battles giving them a few rounds of canister. On the 15th there was but little firing from any of my guns. We were very much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters. On the 16th, having been assigned with my battalion to Major-General Hoke's division for the attack as soon as as our troops had driven the enemy from our outer line of works, I advanced Captain Owen's battery down the turnpike. Captain Owen sent forward Lieutenant Galbraith with a section, who engaged two of the enemy's batteries (one of three 20-pounder Parrotts and one of two Napoleons) at about 100 yards. The other section of the First Company, under Lieutenant Brown, was placed on the right of the road and opened fire with great effect. Owen soon silenced the

