
Creek bridge. About 9 a. M. was ordered to near Fort Clifton. At 3.30 p. M. Was ordered by you to Port Walthall Junction at a trot, a heavy fight having been in progress at that point for several hours, but when I arrived found the enemy withdrawing, so did not go in position. At 11.30 o'clock that night was ordered by Lieutenant Colonel Lightfoot to march quietly to Swift Creek and to place one section in position in the road, protecting the bridge, and the other section near the railroad bridge on Dunlop's place. At 6.20 a. M. on the 9th instant was ordered to move to the road by General Johnson, and about 9 a. M. was placed in position on the creek on the left of our line. Our troops had all fallen back on the night of the 7th instant and occupied the line of the Swift Creek. At 10 a. M. heavy skirmishing commenced in the front, and soon the fight became general with artillery firing, the shells from which fell very near my battery. No enemy appeared in my front. At 4 a. M. on the 10th instant, by your order, I again changed my position to Dunlop's place, placing one section near the railroad and the other farther to the right. At 7 a. M. battery of the enemy in my front opened on the section near the bridge under Lieutenant Galbraith. They fired well, but did no damage. I was not allowed to open on it. At 9 a. M. Lieutenant Galbraith opened on the position where this Yankee battery was, but found they had left. At 12 m. opened again on them, but could get no response. Fired about forty rounds. The enemy were reported withdrawing all day.

About 11 a. M. on the 11th instant was ordered to join the battalion, then on the turnpike in rear of Pickett's division, then commanded by General Corse, in the move to Drewry's Bluff. Moved at 3.30 a. M. on the 12th instant; continued our march. At 7.30 a. M. placed two guns in position on the turnpike at the Half-Way-House; enemy reported advancing, when all the troops were withdrawn behind the fortifications. I was left with one section and General Corse's brigade on picket. The skirmishing continued heavy in our front all day. About 4 p. M. it became so heavy on the left that I took one Napoleon to the field and opened on the enemy. Did some execution. Shortly after this the enemy opened with one gun on my rifled gun in the turnpike under Lieutenant Brown. One shot struck the wheel of the limber. Lieutenant Brown fired a few shots at them, and at the third fire disabled the enemy's gun. At 7 p. M. withdrew to the fortifications and took position on the right of the road. Fired to-day eighty-six rounds.

About 4 p. M. the next day, the 13th, the enemy turned the right of our line of battle. In their advance Lieutenant Galbraith's section did great execution, also that under Lieutenant Brown, upon the enemy advancing, they having a fire on their flank. My battery was greatly divided on the line of works, extending over a space of at least half a mile. When our troops fell back to the second line of works Lieutenant Galbraith, with one gun, brought up the rear with General Corse. In this engagement had no one hurt in my company. Fired

------

rounds. On the 14th instant was placed in the work at Gregory's Crossing on the railroad. Here we remained till the morning of the 16th instant. About daylight on the 16th instant went to the turnpike to await further orders. Moved with Major Owen to the second line of works. At--a. M. ordered by yourself to move to the first line of works, just taken by our troops, and if I could to put my battery in position there. I moved down the road till the minie-balls fell so thick about us that I was afraid to take the battery any farther for fear the enemy might be pressing our forces back (the fog was so thick I could not see twenty yards ahead of me), so I halted and sent Lieutenant Galbraith forward with one gun,

