
the morning. I was placed in command of the fort with Captain Hankins' battery of four guns and my own battery of four guns. Soon after daylight the enemy opened on the fort from sharpshooters and two batteries (Napoleons and 20-pounder Parrotts), which was kept up without intermission from daylight until dark, to which I replied at intervals throughout the day with the guns in the fort. My company flag was twice shot down and each time replaced by Private William Forrest, under a very severe fire. Private M. PAGE Lapham was mortally wounded in the face and since died. Private George Gessner was severely wounded in the knee; Corpl. J. H. Goodin slightly wounded in the arm. I would mention Thomas Joynes, David May, and Ed. Mann, all of Petersburg, volunteered with my battery and behaved conspicuously. Ed. Mann had his leg badly injured by the trail of the gun. Sunday, the 15th, the enemy continued their fire on the fort throughout the day. Monday morning I marched with my battery from the fort to the Richmond turnpike, when the attack was made on the enemy and was engaged on that road between the two outer fortifications. ReMained on the field at night. Marched Tuesday morning with the column in pursuit of the enemy. On Wednesday morning with the column in pursuit of the enemy. On Wednesday Private J. M. Greenman, of my company, was painfully wounded through the leg while my guns were in position on the line of battle. One of my guns in Lieutenant Britton's section was dismounted on Saturday at Fort Stevens and so much damaged that I wascompelled to send it to Richmond for repairs. Also one of my guns in Lieutenant De Russy's section was damaged from long use and constant firing. Thinking it unsafe I exchanged it for one of the captured Napoleon guns. I have fired during the several engagements about 490 rounds of ammunition, and have lost 6 horses killed and 7 wounded and disabled. Lieutenant Samuel Hawes was detached from my battery. Lieuts. J. D. Britton and George B. De Russy were each in command of a section and with me. The officers and men acted at all times with their accustomed gallantry.

Very respectfully,

J. B. RICHARDSON,

Captain Commanding Second Company, Battalion Washington Artillery.

Lieutenant CoLEMAN,

Commanding Battalion WAshington Artillery.

[36.]

Report of Captain Andrew Hero, Jr., Third Company, Battalion Washington Artillery, of operations May 5-23.

CAMP THIRD COMPANY, BATT. WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,

Dunn's Hill, Chesterfield County, Va., May 25, 1864.

COLONEL: The following is a summary of the services rendered by my company since leaving camp at Model Farm, Petersburg, Va.:

May 5, pursuant to your orders the battery, composed of three Napoleon guns with caissons and thirty horses for same, moved from camp at Model Farm about 4 p. M. down the City Piont road to Battery Numbers 2. and occupied the same. May 6, guns still in Battery Numbers 2. Three Napoleon guns with caissons and twenty-four mules for same were placed in Batteries Numbers 9 and 10, under charge of Lieutenant McElroy, manned by thirty men from my company. (Guns were taken from camp of Major Read's battalion, order of Colonel Jones.) All the guns in the same position until 2 o'clock morning, 9th instant, when, per orders of Major Owen, a section from Battery Numbers 2, under Lieutenant

