
McNeill, reported to Captain Sturdivant and moved down the river for the purpose of firing into the enemy's gun-boats, but owing to an advance by the enemy the object of the expedition was frustrated and the section returned to Battery Numbers 2 at dusk. About 4 p. M. a gun under Sergeant De Blanc was moved from Battery Numbers 9 On the morning of the 10th instant one of the guns was moved from Battery Numbers 2. to Battery Numbers 7 and placed in charge of Lieutenant Stocker, and the gun under Sergeant De Blanc transferred thence to Battery Numbers 8 (all per orders of Major Owen). Lieutenant McElroy still at Batteries Numbers 9 and 10 with a section, and Lieutenant McNeill at Battery Numbers 2 with the remaining section. On the morning of the 11th instant, per orders of Major Owen, the company was withdrawn from the several batteries they then occupied and marched across the Appomattox River to Richmond turnpike, where my company was assigned to Ransom's (afterward Corse's) division, and marched in front of Ransom's brigade toward Richmond beyond the intersection of the Bermuda Hundred road, where I parked for the night. May 12, about 6 a. M., the line of march was resumed and proceeded as far as the Half-Way House, where I halted and came into park. About 1 o'clock moved over to the river road and placed three guns in position in the rear of Ransom's brigade. About 1.30 p. M., per orders of Brigadier-General Ransom, I retired with my six guns to Fort Stevens and occupied the works on the left thereof. About 2.30 p. M., per your orders I moved thence to the extreme right of our lines, across Proctor's Creek. About 9 p. M., by order of Major-General Hoke, I withdrew my guns from these works across Proctor's Creek and parked for the night in a field near General Clingman's headquarters. May 13, turned over to Captain Owen, commanding First Company, a Napoleon gun and caisson (received from Read's battalion) in exchange for my gun an caisson which he had brought from camp at Petersburg, va. ReMained in park until about 3 p. M., when, per orders of Major Owen, I moved down to Proctor's Creek and came into battery on the left of a section of the First Company of the battalion and commenced firing upon the enemy, who had gained possession of the works on the extreme right of our line. After half an hour's firing I retired, per orders of Major Owen, to our second line of fortifications and parked for the night. In this engagement Private H. A. Madden was killed, H. Guillotte wounded; 1 horse killed, 3 horses wounded, and 60 rounds of ammunition expended. About 11 p. M. a section under Lieutenant Stocker, per your orders, was ordered to report to Captain Martin, commanding battalion of artillery, which was placed in position in works on turnpike, and moved thence to works on the left of Fort Stevens. On the morning of the 14th instant I placed a section under Lieutenant McElroy in the works to the right of the turnpike, and a section under Lieutenant McNeill to the right of him, adjoining the Fifty-first North Carolina Regiment. Firing was kept up at intervals during the day, confined to the shelling of the woods in the immediate front of these two sections. At one time a regiment of the enemy (since learned to be the Fortieth Massachusetts) advanced across the open field in front of Lieutenant McNeill's section for the purpose of re-enforcing the enemy's skirmishers occupying an orchard in front of this section, but were speedily broken and driven back by a few rounds of spherical case from Sergeant Ellis' gun. Lieutenant Stocker's section still remained in the works to the left of Fort Stevens. This day's losses were Private A. Leefe, wounded; 1 horse killed, 1 horse and 1 mule wounded; also, Lieutenant McElroy's horse killed.

