
Supplement to the official report of Colonel Gorman, of the First Regiment of Minnesota.

CAMP MINNESOTA, July 26, 1861.

The regimental flag borne by my color- bearer has through its folds one cannon ball, two grape- shot, and sixteen bullets, and one in the staff. The color guard were all wounded but the color- bearer, one mortally. The company flag of Company I was pierced with five balls and one on the spear head. Please attach this to my report.

Very respectfully,

W. A. GORMANM,

Colonel First Regiment of Minnesota.

[2.]

Report of Colonel Henry P. Martin, Seventy- First New York Militia, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS AMERICAN GUARD,71ST Regiment LIGHT INFTY., NEW YORK STATE TROOPS,

New York, August 1, 1861.

In accordance with orders, I herewith submit a report of the action of the Seventy- First Regiment New York State Militia in the engagement at Bull Run on the 21st of July:

We were ordered to commence the mach, with the First and Second Rhode Island and the Second New Hampshire Regiments leading, and the Seventy- First Regiment bringing up the rear of the brigade, toward the battle- field a little after 2 a. m., and having marched steadily almost without a halt for eight hours we arrived upon the position assigned for our division. On our arrival the two Rhode Island and the New Hampshire regiments were drawn up in line, and the Seventy- First was ordered to pass in front of these regiments to a position in advance and to the right of the brigade, and also in front of the two pieces of artillery, which I suppose belonged to Griffin's battery. no sooner had we formed line than the right piece came dashing forward at full speed through our right wing, without any previous intimation being given. The men broke away and allowed the piece to pass, and immediately after its passage flopped back into their positions in line. Shortly after this the left piece executed the same maneuver, and with the same results. After remaining in this position about a quarter of an hour, exposed to the cannonading of the enemy, which they were directing toward us, we were ordered with our brigade to an adjoining field to engage a portion of the enemy that had debouched from their works, and fully equal in number to our own brigade, and after a severe contest, in wich many valuable lives were lost an many of our best officers wounded, among whom were Captain Ellis, Company F; Captain Hart, Company A, and Lieutenant Embler, Company H, we succeeded in repulsing them and compelling the m to retreat. In this conflict we were greatly assisted by tow of Captain Dahlgren's 12-pounder howitzers, in charge of Captain Ellis, Company I, of this regiment. After the retreat, General McDowell, with his staff, rode around the field in rear of our brigade, waving his glove in token of victory, and we all considered the day was ours. We were then ordered to retire to the edge of the wood, still in view of the enemy's works and in reach of their cannon, and there to rest, as we had done all the duty that would be required of us. and would not be called into action

