
Sunday, May 15, the several sections in the same positions. Desultory firing at intervals during the day by the sections of Lieutenants McElroy and McNeill. This day I had 2 horse and 2 mules killed, also Lieutenant McNeill's horse killed. On the morning of the 16th instant, about 4 o'clock, the general engagement commenced on the left and firing was taken up along the whole line. I opened with the sections of Lieutenants McElroy and McNeill as well as with a 6-pounder gun which I found in my works, shelling at long distances beyond the woods in my front, where it was supposed the enemy had massed their troops. Private James Crilly was wounded during this firing. Lieutenant Stocker's section reported back to me at 11 a. M. About 4 p. M. I moved out of the works with Lieutenants McNeill's and Stocker's sections to our first line of fortifications and parked for the night in the field to the right of the turnpike. Lieutenant McElroy's section was sent off about 1 p. M., per orders of Major-General Hoke, with Brigadier-General Johnson's command. On the morning of the 17th instant the line of march was taken up toward Petersburg, my battery marching in the rear of Corse's brigade. I proceeded as far as the road leading to Bermuda Hundred, when I halted in the road for the night. About 2 a. M. May 18 a section under Lieutenant Stocker (per order of Major-General Hoke) was sent to the front to report to General Corse and placed in position in the center of Corse's brigade. About 12 m. Lieutenant McElroy, then in position in front of Hagood's brigade, was relieved by the First Company of the battalion, and I moved my company into campin a field near General Beauregard's haedquarters. About 9 p. M.----, under Lieutenants McElroy and McNeill, was sent to the front to throw up works. About 3 o'clock on the morning of the 19th of May I moved the guns of the First Company (one 3-inch rifle and two Napoleons) down to the works erected during the night, and at about 7 a. M. opened fire on the supposed whereabouts of the enemy and expended ninety-five rounds of ammunition. At dusk these guns were taken to the rear of my camp. The 3-inch rifle with detachment and horses from my company (per your orders) was sent to report to Major Read's battalion and assigned to Captain Graham's company. I also sent a full detachment to Lieutenant Brown to man a 32-pounder on the left of our lines. On the morning of May 20, about 3 o'clock, a section under Lieutenant McElroy was sent to the front and occupied the works used the day before, but were withdrawn about 11 a. M. and placed in position near the section of Lieutenant Stocker. Per orders of Major Owen I turned over to Captain Martin two Napoleon guns and caissons and a limber received from Major Read's battalion, and by orders of Colonel Jones I turned over the 3-inch rifled gun and caisson to Captain Graham, thereby relieving the detachment of horses therewith. Private E. A. Clark was bruised by the explosion of a gun-boat shell whilst serving with detachment on 32-pounder. At dusk this detachment reported back to me. On the afternoon of the 21st instant my four guns out on the front were releived by order of Colonel Jones, and on morning of 23rd of May, per Colonel Jones' orders, I reported to you at this camp. I regret to announce that on the night of the 12th instant, on retiring from the extreme right of our lines, owing to the narrowness of the road and the mules, one of my caissons was capsized in the moat of the works and I was compelled to abandon all the ammunition and only succeeded in saving the limber of the caisson. By this accident Private G. Leclerc was seriously injured. My whole losses since leaving Petersburg have been 1 man killed (Private H. A. Madden); 3 wounded, viz, Privates Leefe, Guillotte, and Crilly, and 2 bruised and injured (Privates Leclerc and Clark). I have had 4 horses

