
killed, 3 mules killed; 4 horses wounded and 1 mule wounded, and I have expended of 12-pounder gun ammunition 63 rounds of shot, 626 rounds of spherical case, 32 rounds of canister, and of 6-pounder gun ammunition, 62 rounds of shot, 62 rounds of spherical case, and 2 rounds of canister, making a total of 1,878 [sic] rounds of ammunition (including 3 rounds shell 3-inch rifle). I am greatly indebted to my lieutenants for the zealous and efficient aid they have rendered in discharge of the arduous duties that have devolved upon me in this campaign, each one having been dismounted, and to my non-commissioned officers and men for their ready fulfillment of all duties imposed upon them either by night or day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW HERO, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Third Company, battln. Washington Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding Battalion WAshington Artillery.

[36.]

Report of Cap. Joe Norcom, Fourth Company, Battalion Washington Artillery, of operations May 5-21.

FOURTH COMPANY, WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,

Swift Creek, May 25, 1864.

COLONEL: I respectfully submit the following report of the part sustained by the battery of the Fourth Company under my command in the recent engagements around Petersburg and Richmond:

On Thursday, 5th instant, three guns of my battery of Napoleons were sent to Battery Numbers 5 to guard the City Point road the other gun by order of Major Owen was turned over to First Company, Captain E. Owen, and nine of my horses to Captain Richardson, Second Company. I remained at Battery Numbers 5 without anything occurring until Wednesday, 8th instant, when I marched in obedience to your order at 8.30 a. M., crossing the Appomattox and moved down the turnpike to the toll-gate. Here I halted until 3 o'clock, and then in rear of Kemper's brigade my battery moved toward Richmond. At 10 o'clock Thursday morning, 12th instant, went into battery at Half-Way House, it being reported that the enemy were advancing. AT 1 o'clock by your order moved back to first line of fortifications. After entering the fortifications I moved down to the right of line and placed my guns in position, two of them in works on Mr. Wooldridge's farm and the other, under Lieutenant Apps, farther to the right, in the railroad cut. On Friday afternoon, at or about 4 o'clock, the enemy having flanked the fortifications on my right, by your order I moved my guns out on the road to await orders. About 6 o'clock moved into our second line of works, distributing my guns as follows: One gun, under command of Lieutenant H. A. Battles, in a work to the right of Clingman's brigade; one gun, under Lieutenant G. E. Apps, in work with General Corse's brigade, and one gun, under Lieutenant William J. Behan, in work to the left of Ransom's brigade. In the works occupied by Lieutenants Battles and Apps were the following guns, which were put in requisition by some of my non-commissioned officers and privates: Two iron 6-pounders in work of Lieutenant Battles were manned by Sergeant Fish, Corporal McDonald, and Quartermaster-Sergeant Haile, and in that occupied by Lieutenant Apps was a rifled gun (3-inch) and howitzer. The rifled gun was well served by Sergt. John C. Wood and a squad of men from the different detachments. On Saturday the enemy annoyed us very much,

