
their sharpshooters having advanced to within 450 yards of our lines. At night endeavored to storm, but were easily repulsed, Lieutenant Battles giving them from his gun a few rounds of canister. My loss this day was 3 killed, 2 wounded, and 1 bruised; also several horses killed and 8 or 10 wounded. Sunday was occupied in watching and firing an occasional shot at the skirmishers in our front.

On Monday, as instructed, we opened briskly upn the lines of the enemy massing on our front. This fire was continued until the charge was made by our men. I was unable to follow the infantry, they having commenced to fall back by the time my horses were hitched up. Here I beg to state that owing to the severity of the fire from the sharpshooters of the enemy I was obliged to send my horses some distance to place them under cover, as it would have endangered them all by keeping them in works which were enfiladed on all sides. My men, while in these works, were busily occupied every night strengthening the works and building traverses to protect themselves from the enfilading fire poured into the works day and night by the sharpshooters. On Monday afternoon, the enemy being driven from our front, I reported to General B. R. Johnson; halted for the night about one mile from turnpike. On Tuesday morning, about 5 o'clock, placed two guns in position under Lieutenant Battles, near Cheatham's house, and shelled the woods for an hour. Moved on about 7 o'clock down the turnpike and road to Bermuda Hundred, in rear of Clingman's brigade, and placed guns again in position on the old stage road, and at night threw up fortifications, my men working all night. At 12 o'clock Wednesday, by order of General Hoke, sent Lieutenants Battles and Behan to the front with one section.here until dark, shelling the enemy's line and keeping back their skirmishers. Lieutenant Battles had his section complimented by General Hoke, who was with them part of the time, for their fine shooting. On Thursday morning, at 3 o'clock, moved two guns, under Lieutenant Apps, to the pits in the field to the left of Mrs. Clay's house. They returned about dark to their former position, having fired over 100 rounds of ammunition. Friday morning again sent my battery to the position occupied by them the preceding day. We did not open fire, but were ordered back about 10 o'clock. I remained in position until Saturday morning, when I was relieved by Captain Miller's battery and moved down the turnpike to Dunn's Hill. To Lieutenants Battles, Apps, and Behan I am under many obligations for their assistance and the readiness displayed at all times to discharge their various duties. To the non-commissioned officers and men too much praise cannot be given. They had but little rest for ten days, night or day, yet performed their various duties at all times with cheerfulness and alacrity. I have to regret the loss of 4 good men killed, viz: Corpl. R. G. McDonald, Privates E. A. Mellard, John Foulks, and Ed. Condon; also 4 wounded, viz, Sergt. J. B. Valentine, Privates Martin A. Norcom, and Hood; 1 bruised by horse falling, Private John Shackler. My loss in horses sums up 7 killed and 11 wounded. My battery fired during these various engagements 585 rounds shot, case, and shell. Of the iron 6-pounder, the ammunition being mixed and partly damaged, we kept no account of the number of rounds fired.

Very respectfully,

JOE NORCOM,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Company, Battln. Washington Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel B. F. ESHLEMAN,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery.

[36.]

