
reMained till the 23d. A strong line of works was erected in anticipation of an attack from the enemy. On the 23rd started at daylight, and in the afternoon formed a junction with the Fifth Corps near the North Anna River. The enemy was found in force at the different fords, and strong earth-works had been ereccted by them at Taylor's Bridge. a portion of the Third Division was immediately ordered up and to Colonel Egan, First Brigade, was assigned the duty of driving the enemy across the river and securing the possession of the bridge. The line of the Second Brigade, under Colonel B. R. Pierce, was formed in a belt of woods about an eight of a mile from the river. The enemy occupied the crest of a hill in our front sloping toward the river. The enemy occupied the crest of a hill in our front sloping toward the river. At the word of command the whole line on the right moved forward in splendid order. The enemy broke and ran. A battery on the opposite side of the river swept the field across which we advanced, but our line kept on till we came to the river, which at that point was not fordable. We held the position till after dark, keeping up a continuous fire upon the enemy. Our whole supply of ammunition was exhausted. There was no brigade commander on the line. I sent messengers to the rear to notify the brigade commander that the ammunition was exhausted and to ask for a new supply or that we might be relieved. Failing in this, I again dispatched a messenger, and Colonel Egan, Fortieth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, relieved our portion of the line with the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Tripp. During the whole affairs both officers and men behaved with great gallantry. The casualties were 1 officer killed and 3 enlisted men, 17 men wounded. Among these I have to mention Lieutenant James S. Roberts, Company B, who fell mortally wounded in the charge and died on the next day. He was a brave and good soldier. I would mention with praise the color guard as conspicuous for bravery and good conduct. During the night we were engaged in throwing up earth-works. On the morning of the 24th the enemy opened upon us a heavy fire fromtheir batteries. About 10 a. M. we moved across Taylor's Bridge, and in the afternoon built breast-works, all the while exposed to a severe shelling from the rebel batteries. Lieutenant W. F. Noyes, Company G, in charge of the brigade pioneers, was struck by a shell and mortally wounded. He died at his post in the faithful discharge of his duties, and was buried upon the field a short distance from the spot where he fell.

Fourth epoch.-During the night of the 26th recrossed the North Anna, and moving toward the Pamunkey crossed it the next day at about 5 p. M. On June 1 the regiment was assigned to the First Brigade, and reported for duty to Colonel Egan, then commanding. On the 2d, at midnight, marched to the vicinity of Cold Harbor,, and on the 3rd and 4th were under fire in reserve to the First Division, having several men wounded by shells. June 5 received 120 men by transfer from the Third Maine. From this time till the 12th the regiment remained in the works near Barker's Mills.

Fifth epoch.-On the night of the 12th moved to the left, and on the next day crossed the Chickahominy and marched by the Charles City Court-House road to the James River, which we crossed on the 14th. On the 15th commenced a movement toward Petersburg, and at night bivouacked behind rebel fortifications which had that day been captured by the Eighteenth Army Corps. On the morning of June 16, at daylight, the enemy opened upon us with their batteries while we were lying en masse, badly wounding several of the officers and men, among them Captain John C. Perry, who was at that time in command of the

