
regiment. The brigade was at once formed, and an assaulting column, consisting of this regiment and the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, was ordered to charge and take the enemy's works in our front. An advance was made, but the position being one of great strength and held by a large force it was found impossible to carry it. The line was reformed, and a second attempt was unsuccessful. The enemy were too strong and their position impregnable to the small force brought against it. The gallantry of the charging party was not equal to taking a position which a whole division afterward failed to carry. The list of casualties for the day was 7 enlisted men killed, 2 officers and 46 enlisted men wounded, 5 men missing. On the 17th the regiment occupied the front line of works within 200 yards of the enemy, where it was exposed to a severe and incessant musketry fire. Captain B. C. Pennell, Company B, then commanding the regiment, was killed by a sharpshooter. He was a brave and faithful soldier, and by his death the service has sustained a great loss. On the afternoon of the 18th a general assault on the enemy's lines was made by our forces, resulting in no decided success. Our loss was 6 enlisted men killed and 18 wounded. From this time until the 11th of July we were engaged in erecting works and picketing on the left of the Fifth Corps. On the night of July 11, after having leveled the line of works in our front, we moved out and took position on the Jerusalem p we remained till the 13th, when we moved into camp in our present location. From that time till the 25th the regiment was engaged on fatigue duty. July 26 left camp at 5 p. M., crossed the Appomattox, and after marching all night crossed the James River at Jones' Landing on pontoons just before daylight. The regiment was formed in a beautiful oak grove near Strawberry Plains, and at sunrise the batteries of the enemy opened and announced that our advance had been discovered. Throughout the day we were in the reserve portion of the brigade. As the enemy were driven back we advanced, and at night formed a picket-line on the right. On the 28th we relieved the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiments, and remained on picket on the New Market road till night, when we were relieved by a portion of the First Division, and recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers, and at daybreak on the 29th were massed in the rear of the Eighteenth Corps, where we remained all day. At night we moved into the front line of works and relieved a portion of the Tenth Army corps. During the attack on the enemy's works on the morning of the 30th by the Ninth Army Corps we were exposed to the shot, shell, and musketry fire of the enemy, but escaped without any loss. Returned to camp on the 31st. During this long and eventful campaign both officers, and men have, by their bravery, constancy, and devotion to duty, exhibited themselves as worthy soldiers of the Republic. I would refer to the nominal list of casualties, numbering 374, as a proof of the faithful discharge of duty by the Seventeenth Maine Regiment. To several privates warrants as non-commissioned officers have been issued for gallantry and good conduct during the several engagements in which the regiment has participated. To Major Moore, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Major Gilbreath, Twentieth Indiana, who at different times were in command of the regiment, I would tender my thanks for their valuable services. Our gratitude is

