
due to "Him who is the only giver of all vicotry" for whatever of success our arms have achieved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES B. MERRILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Seventeenth Maine Regiment.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

[36 and 40.]

Report of Major Walter A. Van Rensselaer, Eightieth New York Infantry (Twentieth State Militia), including operations to July 30.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH Regiment NEW YORK STATE MILITIA,City Point, Va., August 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 209, current series, headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to report that no casualties occurred in this regiment during the time mentioned in that order, and also to submit the inclosed report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. VAN RENSSELAER,

Major, Commanding.

Captain PH. SCHUYLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Operations of Twentieth Regiment of New York State Militia from May 1 to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 4.-All public property that could be taken away having been removed from Brandy Station Depot, regiment marched at 11 p. M., and bivouacked at Stevensburg. Distance, five miles.

May 5.-Resumed march at 6 a. M. Crossed Rapidan River on a pontoon bridge at Gold Mine Ford, and reached headquarters of the army at Wilderness Tavern, in the Wilderness, at 7 p. M. Distance marched, eighteen miles.

May 6.-Guarding prisoners of war.

May 7.-Guarding prisoners of war.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.-Marched at 1.30 p. M. in charge of prisoners, and encamped at 7 p. M. near Piney Branch Church. Distance, twenty miles.

May 9.-Marched about six miles and encamped north side of Fredericksburg and Orange plank road.

May 12.-Marched to near Salem Church, on plank road. Distance, six miles.

May 13.-Marched at 6 a. M. in charge of 7,000 prisoners of war to Belle Plain. Distance, seventeen miles.

May 14.-Marched at 2 p. M., and bivouacked near Rappahannock River opposite Fredericksburg. Distance, seventeen miles.

May 15.-Marched at 8 a. M., and encamped in rear of Fredericksburg, Va.

