
THIRD EPOCH.

May 21.-G and I Companies marched to Belle Plain in charge of prisoners of war. Remainder of regiment marched at 7 p. M. down the Bowling Green road and bivouacked at 12 p. M. near the Massaponax River.

May 22.-Marched at 5 a. M., following the Bowling Green road, and halted for night near Wilbon. Distance marched, ten miles.

May 23.-Companies G and I rejoined regiment. Marched at 7 a. M. and encamped at Milford, on the Mattapony. Distance marched, nine miles.

May 24.-Marched at 3 p. M., crossing the Mattapony at Milford, and encamped near Wright's Tavern. Distance marched, four miles.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27.-Marched at 7 a. M., recrossing the Mattapony at Milford, and encamped a mile west of the Mattacocy. Distance marched, fifteen miles.

May 28.-Marched at 7 a. M., and passing through Newtown, encamped near the Mattapony, opposite Dunkirk. Distance marched, twelve miles.

May 29.-Marched at 7 a. M. and encamped two miles north of Pamunkey, opposite New Castle. Distance marched, ten miles.

May 30.-Crossed the Pamunkey on a pontoon bridge and encamped two miles from bridge on the Hanover Court-House road, A and K Companies guarding bridges.

May 31.-Moved back one mile nearer bridge. Total number of prisoners of war received during the month, 10,315.

June 1.-Marched at 11 a. M. toward White House, Va., and bivouacked near Old Church. Distance marched, nine miles.

June 2.-Marched at 8 a. M., and passing Old Church encamped at Parsley's Corner, near Anderson's Mill, three miles east of Cold Harbor.

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 11.-Marched at 3 p. M., and bivouacked at 7.30 p. M. at Tunstall's Station. Distance marched, eight miles.

June 12.-Marched at 6 p. M. to near White House and bivouacked. Distance marched, four miles.

June 13.-Marched at 6 a. M., and taking the river road passed Cumberland Landing and Slatersville, and bivouacked at Roper's Church. Distance marched, twenty miles.

June 14.-Marched at 5.30 a. M. three miles and encamped.

June 15.-Marched at 3 p. M., crossing the Chickahominy at 6 p. M. on a pontoon bridge, and bivouacked at 12 p. M. Distance marched, fifteen miles.

June 16.-Marched at 5 a. M. to the James River opposite Fort Powhatan. Crossed the river at 3 p. M. on pontoon bridge and bivouacked one mile beyond.

June 17.-Marched at 6 a. M., passed Merchant's Hope Church, and bivouacked at Knox's Cross-Roads at 4 p. M. Distance marched, eighteen miles.

June 18.-Marched at 3 p. M. to City Point, Va., and encamped. Distance marched, three miles. Colonel Gates appointed military commandant of City Point.

