
June 23.-Lieutenant-Colonel Hardenberg, with a detachment consisting of three officers and eighty men, embarked on steamer Guide to proceed to Point Lookout and Fort Delaware as guard for 700 prisoners of war.

June 25.-Regiment, pursuant to orders from Lieutenant-General Grant, embarked on transport and proceeded to Wilcox's Landing, where disembarked and marched toward Charles City Court-House, to report to Major-General Sheridan. After marching five miles was ordered to occupy earth-works two miles nearer the landing, under command of General Getty, where remained about three hours, when returned to the landing and bivouacked.

June 26.-By order of General Sheridan embarked on steamer and returned to City Point.

June 29.-Lieutenant-Colonel Hardenbergh and detachment rejoined regiment. From this date to July 30 regiment engaged in doing provost and guard duty at City Point and on the lines of communication of the Army of the Potomac.

W. A. VAN RENSSELAER,

Major, Commanding.

[36 and 40.]

Report of Major James W. Walsh. Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, including operations to July 30.
HDQRS. BATTALION, THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near Petersburg, Va., August 5, 1864.

Report of part taken by Third Pennsylvania Cavalry in campaign from May 4 to July 30, 1864.

FIRST EPOCH.

May 4, 1864.-Regiment moved from Brandy Station, Va., and encamped on south side of Rapidan River, at Germanna Ford.

May 5.-Regiment moved to near Wilderness Tavern, where the enemy having been engaged, it was employed in provost duty, driving up stragglers and escorting prisoners.

May 6 and 7.-Regiment employed in provost duty, escorting prisoners and driving up stragglers. Evening of 7th moved about 8.30 p. M. and marched to Todd's Tavern.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 8.-Regiment moved to Piney Branch Church, and after a short halt marched to near Spotsylvania Court-House, encamping in Spotswood's Beach. Engaged in driving up stragglers.

May 9.-Furnished escort to accompany the body of Major-General Sedgwick.

May 10.-Regiment deployed in right flank of army, occasioned by an alarm, that the enemy were making a demonstration on that flank. Evening, broke camp and marched about two miles, camping in an oak woods for the night.

May 11.-Regiment in camp. Parties employed in driving up stragglers and keeping the roads open.

