
again. After about an hours' rest we were took the enemy was getting the best of us, and were ordered to retire to the field we had at first occupied and take the most advanced position on that field. Here we stood in line of battle waiting the approach of the enormous column of re-enforcements of the enemy from Richmond and Manassas. The head of this column was directed in front of the center of our regiment, and when it was within 500 yards of us we received the order to retire, which we did in line of battle in common time, not one man running. The brigade remained together on the retreat and arrived at our old bivouac, about one mile and a half from Centerville, all in good order. Here we again receive orders to continue the retreat to Washington, and marched over the Long Bridge as a brigade. Hereunto appended is a return of our loses.* In closing my report I cannot but say that all praise is due to you, sir, for your coolness and daring during the engagement, and to your brave Rhode Island regiments, to whom we feel indebted for many acts of kindness, and to Governor Sprague, of your State, for his great courage an gallant conduct on e field.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY P. MARTIN,

Colonel Seventy- First Regiment New York State Militia.

Colonel A. E. BURNSIDE,

Acting Brigadier-General, Second Brigade, U. S . Army.

[2.]

Report of Colonel Philip St. George Cocke, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE,Camp near Suspension Bridge, [August 1, 1861.]

GENERAL: The battle of 21st of July having been fought wholly within the position which had been assigned to and occupied by and which on the day of the battle was held by my brigade an the troops temporarily attached thereto, it becomes important that I should succinctly describe that position, the disposition made of the troops under my command for defending and holding that position, and the subsequent part which myc command took in the great battle in which so large a part of your army participated, coming up as it did during the day from other positions. The position of this command, that of Stone Bridge (Avon) and Lewis' farm (Portici), was the extreme left position of the Army of the Potomac along the line of Bull Run. The position of the army on Bull Run was the result of strategic movements which finally ended in the great battle of the 21st of July. By your general order of the 8th of July it was directed that "if attacked by a superior force of the enemy the three brigades of the Army of the Potomac serving in Fairfax will retire in the following manner and order: The whole of the Fifth Brigade on the Bull Run Stone Bridge, and the adjacent fords, making a stand if practicable at the Suspension Bridge across Cub Run." Accordingly I issued brigade orders on the 12th instant and on the 17th I recalled, united, and withdrew my entire command to the position assigned to it imperfect order and without any loss or accident whatsoever, the enemy moving the same day to occupy Fairfax Court- House in great strength.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows a total of sixty-two killed, wounded, prisoners, and missing. See table, p. 18.

---------------

