
May 12.-Engaged in escorting to the rear prisoners taken by Second Army Corps, among which were Major-General Johnson and Brigadier General G. H. Steuart. Evening, two officers and fifty men were sent on picket.

May 13.-Engaged keeping roads open and driving up stragglers from the woods.

May 14.-Regiment moved to front of Spotsylvania Court-House, camping on main road leading to it.

May 15.-Engaged escorting prisoners to Fredericksburg, Va.

May 16.-Regiment in camp.

May 17.-Broke camp at 10 a. M. Moved two miles to the left and camped in an oak woods opposite Anderson's house.

May 18.-Broke camp at 5 a. M., and marching toward the right of army, were employed in keeping up stragglers until noon, when the regiment returned to camp.

May 19.-Small scouting parties out hunting up stragglers in the woods.

May 20.-Escorted prisoners to Fredericksburg.

May 21.-Moved at 9.30 a. M., and halting for a short time at Massaponax Church, marched to Guiney's Station, where, finding some cavalry pickets of the enemy, were ordered to the front, but were not engaged.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 22.-Moved about noon, and crossing the river, camped on Mr. Tyler's place, a mile and a half from the bridge.

May 23.-Marched about 8 o'clock; halted for an hour at New Bethel Church, and camped for the night near North Anna River.

May 24.-Moved at 6 a. M., and halting at Carmel Church until 4 p. M., marched to south side of North Anna River and encamped for the night.

May 25.-Moved at 2 p. M., recrossing the river and camping on north side.

May 26.-Engaged in bringing in prisoners and escorting them to the rear.

May 27.-Broke camp early in the morning, and marching rapidly down parallel with North Anna River, through Chesterfield Station, halted at Mangohick Church for the night.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 28.-Marched at 8 a. M.; crossed the Pamunkey River about noon on a pontoon bridge at Abney's Ford, Hanovertown, and went into camp two miles from river.

May 29.-Regiment in camp.

May 30.-Marched at 7 a. M.; halted at Salem Church until noon, when, moving a mile farther, regiment went into camp in a pine woods which bore marks of the heavy cavalry fight of the Saturday before.

May 31.-One or two small parties out driving up stragglers.

June 1.-Marched at 8 a. M. through breast-works over a very dusty road, and halted for the night in an oak woods.

June 2.-Marched at 7 a. M. along the line of Eighteenth Corps to Cold Harbor, camping on right of road leading to Old Church. Escorted prisoners to rear.

June 3.-Regiment in line near Kelly's house keeping up stragglers and escorting prisoners to rear. Returned to camp in after part of the day.

June 4.-Regiment on duty collecting stragglers.

