
June 5-Evening, under arms expecting to be called on, a charge having been made on the line of Second Army Corps.

June 6.-Portion of regiment sent to wagon train for duty in its vicinity.

June 7 and 8.-Regiment in camp. Small details furnished to escort prisoners to corps headquarters.

June 9.-One or two detachments out on escort duty.

June 10 and 11.-Regiment in camp.

June 12.-Broke camp at 3 p. M., and marching parallel to the Chickahominy, passing Saint James Church, camped for the night on Tyler's plantation.

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 13.-Moved at 5 a. M.; halted atEmmaus Church about an hour; crossed the Chickahominy, and passing Saint Mary's Church, marched to Clarke's farm. Halted until headquarters arrived, when regiment went on picket near Westover Church.

June 14.-Scouting parties out looking for General Wilson's cavalry division, which arrived about noon, and about 3 p. M. regiment returned to Charles City Court-House.

June 15.-Broke camp at 10 a. M. and marched to James River, halting for the night near Douthat's plantation. Regiment employed in hunting up stragglers.

June 16.-Broke camp at 9 a. M.; crossed James River on pontoon bridge, and marched to the vicinity of Petersburg, Va.

June 17.-Portion of regiment engaged in taking stragglers to different corps headquarters and part on duty in rear of Fifth Corps line.

June 18.-Regiment on duty in rear of Fifth Corps line.

June 19.-Regiment on picket on left of army.

June 20.-Regiment on picket. Returned to camp late in the evening.

June 21.-Engaged bringing in prisoners and escorting stragglers to different corps headquarters.

June 22.-Broke camp at 7 a. M.; crossed Suffolk railroad, and after scouting during the day on left flank of army, camped near old Jerusalem plank road.

June 23.-Moved about 10 a. M. one mile farther front, and went into camp. Evening, portion of regiment on duty on line occupied by Sixth Army Corps.

June 24.-Regiment scouting in the direction of Surry Court-House.

June 25.-Regiment in camp.

June 26.-Small parties taking prisoners to different corps headquarters.

June 27.-Regiment in camp.

June 28.-Small parties out hunting up stragglers.

June 29.-Regiment on picket on left of line.

June 30.-Regiment returned to camp in evening at 9 p. M.

July 1 and 2.-Regiment in camp.

July 3.-Engaged escorting prisoners to different corps headquarters.

July 4,5, and 6.-Regiment in camp.

July 7.-Engaged escorting stragglers to different corps headquarters.

July 8.-Regiment in camp.

July 9.-Regiment on escort duty.

July 10.-Portion of regiment engaged in examination of corps trains for unlicensed sutlers.

16 R R-VOL LI, PT I

