
July 11.-Portion of regiment scouting in the evening.

July 12.-Broke camp at 8 a. M., marching toward the right and one mile and a half in rear of Eighteen Corps line, and went into camp.

July 13 and 14.-Regiment in camp.

July 15.-Regiment under arms and present at execution of two soldiers.

July 16 and 17.-Regiment in camp.

July 18.-Small parties escorting prisoners to different corps headquarters.

July 19 and 20.-Portion of regiment on escort duty.

July 21.-Regiment in camp.

July 22, 23, 24, and 25.-Small parties out on escort duty.

July 26, 27, and 28.-Regiment in camp.

July 29.-Escorting prisoners.

July 30.-Regiment in saddle at 3.30 [a. M.]; moved to front and drawn up in line in rear of troops of Eighteenth Corps. After the explosion of the mine, escorted a few prisoners to the rear. Returned to camp about noon.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. WALSH,

Major, Commanding Battalion, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[36 and 40.]

Report of Colonel Andrew H. Tippin, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, including operations to June 30.
HDQRS SIXTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report called for by Special Orders, Numbers 209, headquarters Army of the Potomac, August 5, 1864, of the part taken by this regiment in the several operations of the campaign from the date mentioned and in the order required;

First epoch.-Guarding prisoners, under direction of provost-marshal-general, Army of the Potomac, and arresting stragglers from the different corps composing the army.

Second epoch.-Guarding prisoners, and, in connection with other troops, delivered about 7,500 rebel prisoners to General Abercrombie at Belle Plain, Va.

Third epoch.-Guarding prisoners and headquarters wagon train. Brisk skirmish at Guiney's Bridge on May 21, and succeeded in driving the enemy (in connection with the troops of the brigade) from his position.

Fourth epoch.-Guarding prisoners and headquarters wagon train.

Fifth epoch.-Guarding prisoners and headquarters wagon train. On the night of the 23rd June moved to the left of the line, south of Petersburg, for the purpose of supporting Battery E, Fifth U. S. Artillery. Was relieved the next morning. Occupied the same position on the 29th, and relieved on the evening of the 30th.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. H. TIPPIN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain PH. SCHUYLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36 and 40.]

