
Report of Colonel Charles H. T. Collis, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, including operations to July 31.
HDQRS. 14TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,August 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following operations of my regiment during the campaign of the spring and summer of 1864:

FIRST EPOCH.

Left Brandy Station, near Culpeper, Va., on the morning of May 4 with 16 officers and 232 men. Marched in charge of general headquarters train to Culpeper Mine Ford. Crossed the ford and went into camp at 8.30 p. M.

May 5.-Marched to Wilderness Tavern. Was temporarily assigned to Major-General Warren. to die returned to headquarters.

SECOND EPOCH.

May 7.-Marched to Todd's Tavern.

May 8.-Marched to Lewis' farm on Spotsylvania road, four miles from Spotsylvania.

May 12.-Changed camp to Armstrong's farm.

May 14.-Changed camp to Harris' farm.

May 17.-Changed camp to Anderson' farm.

May 18.-Changed camp to Harris' farm, but returned to Anderson's farm.

THIRD EPOCH.

May 21.-Broke camp at 5.30 a. M. and marched in charge of wagon train toward Guiney's Station. At 12 m. heard that the enemy's cavalry were in our front. Ordered my own regiment and Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers to the head of the train. Deployed two companies of the Sixty-eighth on each side of the road and threw out flankers. Moved forward to within half a mile of guiney's Bridge, to which point the enemy had retired. Sent Captain Gallagher with fifty men of Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers to report to the officer at the bridge (Colonel Pope, I believe). Not knowing which road the wagon train was ordered tot ake I halted here for further instructions. Received order from the major-general commanding in persons to "drive the enemy from the bridge and hold it." Moved to the bridge with my own regiment and the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Ordered Captain Gallagher to carry the bridge by assault. The attempt was made with commendable gallantry, but, owing to barricades thrown up by the enemy, failed. I then put my own regiment (in charge of Major Bowen) across the stream below the bridge, and directed him to move rapidly on the enemy, drive them from the bridge, and captured his entire force if possible. This movement had the desired effect of clearing the way. The enemy immediately retired, and after crossing my whole force, now augmented by the arrival of a battalion of regular engineers (Captain

-----

) and a squadron of First Massachusetts Cavalry (Captain Adams), I deployed my infantry as skirmishers, moved rapidly forward, and directed Captain Adams to move through the woods on my left to the enemy's right flank, attack him in reverse, and capture his right wing. Captain Adams, however, owing to the swampy nature of the ground, was unable to execute this order. Having driven the

