
enemy to Catlett's house, I was relieved by a brigade of the Fifth Corps and returned to headquarters, I lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded in the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Captured 2 officers and 9 men and killed and wounded a few of the enemy.

May 22.-Encamped at Tyler's farm.

May 23.-Marched to Chesterfield's, or Montague's, farm.

May 24.-Crossed North Anna at Jericho Mills.

May 25.-Recrossed North Anna at Island Ford.

FOURTH EPOCH.

May 27.-Marched to Mangohick. Started at 3 a. M.; went into camp at 4 p. M.

May 28.-Crossed Pamunkey and went into camp on----farm.

May 30.-Marched to Salem Church.

June 1.-Marched to Armstrong's farm.

June 2.-Marched to Cold Harbor.

FIFTH EPOCH.

June 12.-Marched to Summit Station.

June 13.- Crossed Chickahominy at Long Bridge and went into camp at Charles City Court-House.

June 15.-Arrived at Wilcox's Landing, on James River.

June 16.-Crossed James River and went into camp on Bryan's farm, near Petersburg.

June 22.-Moved to Jones' farm.

June 23.-Regiment ordered to left flank of the army to report to commanding officer of a brigade in Fifth Corps; threw up works; returned to camp same night.

June 29.-Ordered to report to General Gibbon at the Williams house.

June 30.-Returned to camp.

July 12.-Changed camp to present location.

There have been no casualties in my regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES H. T. COLLIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain PH. SCHUYLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[36 and 40.]

Report of Major General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, of operations May 30-June 6.

MAY 30, 1864-11 p. M.

GENERAL: I moved out this afternoon on the Mechanicsville road and advanced to Bethesda Church, where a force of the enemy was found upon the road toward Old Cold Harbor. This was driven back by Rodes' division beyond Bethesda Church and the road to Cold Harbor cleared. Rodes then extended down the road toward Old Church, and I brought up my own division. The enemy being in force along and this side of the road from Hundley's Corner to Old Church, I determined then to advance toward McGregor's and try and cut the

