
perfect labyrinth, and that it is almost a matter of impossibilityto strike him on the right flank, as he always has a fortified position for it to rest on. A lady from near Old Church reports a large body of cavalry moving by that place toward Hanover court-House and that it was moving from sunrise to 9 o'clock this morning.

Respectfully,

J. A. EARLY,

Lieutenant-General.

General R. E. LEE.

[36.]

Report of Major General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding First Army Corps, of operations May 8.

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE,

May 8, 1864-11.30 a. M.

GENERAL: After a sharp encounter with the Fifth Army Corps (Warren's) and Torbert's division of cavalry, our troops repulsed the enemy with heavy slaughter, and took possession of this place at 10.30 o'clock. I do not think that our loss has been great, but I have no report as yet. The Fifth Army Corps and Torbert's cavalry have been beaten back on the Todd's Tavern road and the cavalry which came up on the Fredericksburg road have been beaten back on that road. I have just received intelligence from General Fitz. Lee that the enemy are shwoing increased force on the Todd's Tavern road, but I have at the same time the very agreeable information that General Ewell's corps is coming up and is now within supporting distance. I have not been able to find out whether the cavalry which came up the Fredericksburg road were a part of Torbert's or some other command.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE.

[36.]

Reports of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, of operations May 7.

MRS. ROWE'S ORCHARD, May 7, 1864.

GENERAL: The situation on extreme right is as follows: Enemy occupies Todd's Tavern; General Fitz. Lee, between that point and Spotsylvania Court-House, was hard pressed just before dark, when I made an attack with Gordon and Rosser on Catharpin road, driving him to within a mile of Todd's Tavern, where fighting was kept up after dark but has now ceased. The line of the enemy's fire was very long, apparently a mile. Cavlary was driven back but could not discover whether infantry occupied the line finally taken. Have been trying to ascertain that fact but have not yet succeeded. General Fitz. Lee evidently believes infantry was ttacking him at Todd's Tavern. Our scout found no column moving there after the enemy was engaged with General Lee beyond. General Lee could see cavalry moving from Chancellorsville via Todd's Tavern. A division of cavalry would be more like to move on the flank than on the same point. General F. Lee had said nothing of plank and Fredericksburg turnpikes. Since writing the foregoing have received your note of 7 p. M. I will have a guide at Shady Grove for General Anderson. He will

