
have to take Spotsylvania Court-House road at that point, and I presume the route to White Hall is known to his command (Field's division). I will send confidential notice to General Fitz. Lee, so that he will make arrangements accordingly. It iseight or ten miles from Shady Grove. General A[nderson] may find it nearer to cross over at Tinder's Mills, to General Lee's present position. I am at Mrs. Rowe's. I will go with General A[nderso] if deemed best. Please let me know.

Most respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE.

[36.]

MRS. ROWE'S ORCHARD, May 7, 1864-11 p. M.

GENERAL: Inclosed is General Fitz. Lee's latest, 7.30 to-night. I regret exceedingly his losses. The enemy was attacked here as soon as possible after his engagement beame known and the fight continued until after dark, all to relieve General Lee. He could not hear it where he was. Courier says General Lee's prisoners are all cavalry, taken in the severest attack.

Most respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

P. S.-I do not consider the presence of infantry at Todd's Tavern at all certain.

[Inclosure.]

TWO MILES AND A HALF FROM TODD'S TAVERN, ON

SPOTSYLVANIA COURT-HOUSE ROAD,

May 6 [7?], 1864-7.30 p. M.

[General J. E. B. STUART:]

GENERAL: Since my last dispatch I have been attacked by a heavy force of enemy. Dismounted and mounted cavalry, with artillery, as far as I could learn. The force was the old division of Buford's, commanded by Torbert. Prisoners state he was assisted by Gregg. After a desperate fight I was forced to relinquish the position I had chosen and fell back three-quarters of a mile to another one, where the advance of the enemy was checked and he in turn driven back. My loss in killed and wounded was very heavy, amongst them very valuable officers. Colonel Collins was killed or mortally wounded and his body fell into the hands of the enemy. Colonel Owen, of the Third, wounded; Captain Ball, Weaver, and Carter, and Lieutenant Fuller, of Sixth, all wounded; Lieutenant Edmondson, of First, and Lieutenant Wingfield, of Fourth, killed, and many others killed and wounded. It is impossible to ascertain at this time how many. Captain Harding, of Fifteenth, and Lieutenant Dutton, of Fifth, also reported wounded. I have the honor to report also that Major Bowie, of my staff, and Captain Grady, of General Lomax's staff, were wounded on yesterday. Seeing the heavy odds against me, I sent in the beginning of the fight to General Rosser, stating if he was not employed where he was he had better re-enforce me. It was not done. I now respectfully suggest that, if the enemy's cavalry remain in the vicinity of Todd's Tavern to-morrow, our cavalry in this vicinity co-operate and attack.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.

