
from his works around Petersburg and Richmond, and fled toward the Danville road. He was pursued with such vigor that our forces reached Burkeville Junction in advance of him and obliged him to attempt some other road. At Amelia Court-House he lost many of his wagons and troops. Our cavalry hung on his rear and destroyed a great amount of his transportation. The rebel army became utterly demoralized, beaten, dispirited, and was surrendered entire to the lieutenant-general, at Appomattox Court-House, on the memorable 9th of April. Immediately after the surrender I inspected the rebel trains and saw they were in a horrible condition. I gave orders for the supply of forage to the animals and that the transportation should be sent into the City Point depot. Permission had been given that all private mules and horses might be taken away by their owners. I was not greatly surprised to learn afterward that the greater portion of all the animals, particularly all the good ones, were taken away on this pretext. It was very natural to expect it, and I am told the same was observed after the surrender of other rebel armies. There finally reached the City Point depot from General Lee's army only 400 horses, 1,300 mules, 101 wagons, and 90 ambulances. Doubtless many animals, wagons, and ambulances were loaded to Confederate officers to enable them to reach certain points, where they probably turned them over. Having made all the necessary dispositions, the lieutenant-general left on the 10th to return to City Point.

On the 3rd I had directed the superintendent of the railroad to repair it at once as far as Burkeville Junction, a distance of fifty-four miles. The gauge had to be reduced to four feet eight inches and a half from Petersburg. When the lieutenant-general and staff reached Burkeville at noon on the 11th, a special train was in waiting for us and we arrived at City Point that same night. Supplies were forwarded and the sick and wounded were taken in at once over this road. Subsequently the road was worked by the Government to Danville and Lynchburg. It is proper to record that I personally accompanied the lieutenant-general and staff on all the campaigns of the year past and was present in all the principal engagements and battles.

I remained on duty at City Point, directing the reduction of employes, the discharge of transports, and the diminution of expenses generally in the quartermaster's department, until the 8th of May, when I received a telegraphic order from the lieutenant-general to report in person to him in Washington.

I reported accordingly on the 10th and since that date have held myself directly subject to his orders from day to day. I established an office for the settlement of outstanding accounts of the armies lately operating against Richmond and continued it until yesterday, when Colonel Howell, who was my disbursing officer, was ordered to report to you. The office is no longer necessary for that purpose.

The Treasury Department is now engaged in the settlement of my accounts, which have not been entirely settled since 1856. I request the privilege of attending to this duty before I am again assigned to any permanent station outside of this city. It is important to me and to the Government that my accounts shall be closed. I am not responsible now, according to my returns, for any public funds or property, so a better opportunity can never be presented for the settlement. I have stated to you that in addition I will cheerfully attend to any duty in this city, such as service on boards, to which you may wish to have me assigned.

