
My money accounts for the fiscal year are correctly stated below as follows.*

With high respect, I am, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers and

Chief Quartermaster Armies before Richmond.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS, U. S. Army,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.

[40, 42, and 46.]

Report of Colonel Richard N. Batchelder, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster Army of the Potomac, of operations June 30, 1864, to June 30, 1865.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE ATLANTIC,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Philadelphia, Pa., September 15, 1865.

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 39, from the Quartermaster-General's Office, I have the honor to submit the following report as chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865. The report for the previous year of the operations of the Second Army Corps and Army of the Potomac, while chief quartermaster, was transmitted on the 15th of September, 1864. On the 1st of July, 1864, the Army of the Potomac lay before Petersburg, confronting the Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by General Lee. The long and wearisome march from the Rapidan, the sanguinary battles of that campaign, and the continued operations before Petersburg had produced no decisive results. On the 1st of July, 1864, the Army of the Potomac numbered as follows: Commissioned officers, 5,237; enlisted men, 109,011; private horses, 4,044; public horses, 29,564; mules, 21,171; ambulances, 755, and army wagons, 3,777; being 90,685 infantry, 17,370 cavalry, and 6,194 artillery. The unit of organization for the ambulance trains was by corps; for the supply and ammunition trains by divisions. Seven wagons for supplies and three for ammunition were allowed for every 1,000 men present armed and equipped for duty, being ten days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. The intrenching tools, consisting of 1,000 each of axes and spades and 300 picks, were required to be kept at corps headquarters. The most of July was devoted by the army in strengthening the line of intrenchments from the Jerusalem plank road to the Appomattox with redoubts and siege batteries. In the meantime the attention of officers of the Quartermaster's Department was given to the general improvement of the trains, which were held in readiness at all times for any immediate operations of the army. A large force of the construction corps was engaged in repairing the railroad from City Point. Corduroy roads were also built from the several commands to the main roads, and thence to City Point, where all supplies were obtained. On the 26th of July the line of defense was held by tth Corps. The Second Corps, with two divisions of cavalry under the command of General Hancock, crossed the James River at Deep Bottom, where the enemy's works were carried; four guns and several prisoners captured. The trains belonging to the commands accompanied under cover of darkness. This demonstration on our part drew to the north side of the river a large portion of Lee's army, presenting a favorable opportunity for exploding the mine that had been prepared by the Ninth Corps under one of the enemy's batteries. To this end preparations were

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

