
made, General Hancock withdrawing under cover of darkness on the night of the 29th from the north side of the James, accompanied by his trains. On the morning of June [July] 30, at 4.30 a. m., everything being ready, the mine was exploded, and immediately the Ninth Corps made an assault on the enemy's works in front. The enemy, however, rallied his troops at the point of attack and rendered further efforts of no avail. During these operations the trains of the whole army were loaded, hitched up, and awaiting events of the day. During the month of July the Sixth Army Corps was ordered to Washington and was followed by General Sheridan with the First and Third Divisions of the Cavalry Corps. On the 14th of August the Second Corps and Second Division of Cavalry, under the command of General Hancock, again crossed to the north side of the James at Deep Bottom, on pontoon bridges, their trains accompanying, under cover of darkness. The Fifth Corps was now relieved by a portion of the Ninth, and for the time massed in the rear. From this positino the Fifth Corps moved to the left, for the purpose of destroying the Weldon railroad, near Globe Tavern. In this they were aided by a portion of the Ninth Corps. The enemy now beginning to mass his troops, the remainder of the Ninth Corps was sent to their aid, arriving in time to participate in repulsing the enemy. Heavy rains now set in, rendering it impossible to forward supplies by the ordinary method. Recourse was had to the pack-mules, which were required to be kept by each division. During these operations the main trains remained loaded with the prescribed amount of supplies and ammunition in their respective parks. The Second Corps having withdrawn from the north side of the James, moved on the 22nd to the left of the line of works at Reams' Station, on the Welson railroad, followed the next day by the Second Division of Cavalry, and were successful in destroying several miles of railway, but on the 25th the enemy appeared in force and checked further operations. They now charged upon our troops with great fury, causing considerable loss on our side, and nine pieces of artillery fell into the enemy's hands. Until the month of October nothing worthy of note occurred along the lines. During the intervening time the railroad was completed along our lines from City Point, thus giving ample means to provide for the wants of the army. Depots were located at convenient points, and officers of this department placed in charge to promptly and properly distribute the supplies to the various commands. In order to secure system and dispatch daily estimates of forage were required to be made upon the chief quartermaster of the army, and requisition by him was made upon the principal depots at City Point for the different stations upon the road. Monthly estimates for all the stores required for the use of the army were made in the same way, thus securing such articles as were required for immediate use, and providing against any accumulation. On the 1st day of October a portion of the Second, Fifth, Ninth Corps, and Second Division of Cavalry, under their respective commanders, made a demonstration on the extreme left, near Poplar Springs Church. Hard fighting ensued and the enemy driven from his position. On this reconnaissance the troops took four days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition upon the person. All the trains were loaded with six days' rations and forage to their utmost extent, hitched up ready to move on immediate ntransportation allowed with the troops was one-half of the ambulances, spring wagons, and pack-mules belonging to headquarters. On the 27th of October another demonstration was made on the left, with a view of extending our lines. Portions of the Second, Fifth, and Ninth Corps, and the Second Division

17 R R--VOL LI, PT I

