
of Cavalry moved early in the day. While the Fifth and Ninth Corps confronted the enemy, the Second Corps and cavalry, under the command of General Hancock, crossed Hatcher's Run, on the Vaughan road. The Fifth Corps then moved up the stream, with the view of connecting with the Second Corps, but were unable to do so. The enemy taking advantage of our position, came down upon our troops with great impetuosity, but were repulsed with great loss. On the 28th all the troops returned to their former camps. During these operations the wagons, containing intrenching tools, the ammunition, hospital stores, and forage, that were to accompany the troops, remained parked in a secure place, waiting the developments of the demonstration at Hatcher's Run. Four days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition were taken upon the person, one-half of the cavalry small-arm ammunition and forty rounds of infantry were taken in wagons. One-half of the ambulances, one medical and one hospital wagon to each brigade, one forage and one battery wagon to every twelve guns, and such pack animals as were required to carry the rations of officers, accompanied the troops. The cavalry took no forage trains whatever, each cavalryman being required to carry sufficient forage to last during the operations. The general trains of the army were loaded with the prescribed amount of supplies and ammunition, and moved to City Point, within the fortification. All artillery animals in the inclosed works, not required, were sent to City Point to the Artillery Reserve ammunition train. The depots upon the line of railroad were broken up and, to meet any emergency that might arise, all the employes of the quartermaster's department belonging to the general trains, with the exception of one man to every three teams, were organized, armed, and equipped for duty, and placed under competent officers. By this arrangement a brigade of 2,724 men was obtained, and such were the preparations made and precautions taken by this department during the operations of the army that no special guards were required for the wagon trains. During the first week of December the Sixth Army Corps, commanded by General Wright, returned from the Shenandoah Valley, the transportation being shipped from Alexandria to City Point, Va. On the 25th of March the enemy concentrated his troops in front of the Ninth Corps, made a sudden and unexpected attack, adn succeeded in breaking through the lines at Fort Stedman. They, however, were soon repulsed and driven back with great loss to his intrenchments, the works retaken, and many prisoners captured. Preparations now commenced for the most brilliant and successful campaign of the war. The transportation of the whole army was in a perfect state of readiness, the wagons repaired, animals recuperated, and everything complete. On the 29th of March the Second Division of Cavalry was detached from the Army of the Potomac and joined the other two General Sheridan, who was to co-operate with the Army of the Potomac in its movements. The Army of the Potomac at this time numbered as follows:

Number of each class. Average per

1,000 men.

Arm of 	 Men.	 Animals.	 Wagons.	 Animals.	 Wagons

service.

Infantry.	 97,921	 15,949	 1,756	 162	 17

Artillery.	 6,792	 7,439	 495	 1,095	 73

Engineers.	 3,064	 2,408	 197	 785	 64

Total.	 107,777	 25,796	 2,448	 239	 22

