
The Second and Fifth Corps moved from their works to the left, the Sixth and Ninth Corps occupying their line. The troops were supplied with four days' rations and fifty rounds of ammunition upn the person, eight days' supplies for men and animals being taken in the supply and sixth rounds per man in the ammunition trains. The Fifth Corps moved westerly to the junction of the Old Stage and Vaughan roads, supporting the Second Corps. The latter, taking the Vaughan road, crossed Hatcher's Run and communicated with the Fifth Corps. The Sixth and Ninth Corps remained in their line of works before Petersburg, the surplus artillery being placed in their rear. The ammunition train of the Artillery Reserve did not accompany the troops, but remained in park at City Point. All the sick were removed to the depot field hospital at City Point. The supplyt rains of the Second and Fifth Corps not accompanying the troops preMained in park near Hatcher's Run. Each corps had five four-gun batteries, one battery wagon, intrenching tools, and half the ambulances, one medical and one hospital wagon to each brigade, and one with forage for each division ammunition train that accompanied the troops. The remaining ambulances were parked with the general trains of the Second and Fifth Corps. Twelve wagons, with twenty rounds of ammunition per man, were taken with each division. On the 30th the trains of the Fifth Corps moved to the north side of Gravelly Run, the other trains moving on the Vaughan road. Heavy rains now set in and continued unceasingly for forty-eight hours, rendering the roads impassalbe for heavy trains and artilery, the trains of the Fifth Corps being fifty-six hours in making the distance of four miles. During the day the enemy made an attack upon the Fifth Corps, forcing them back, and then immediately turned upon the cavalry, which retired to the vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House. The Fifth Corps moved to the support of the cavalry, reporting to General Sheridan, and succeeded in checking the farther advance of the enemy. The ambulandes of the Sixth Corps were used to convey the wounded of the cavalry to the railroad, from whence they were conveyed to City Point Hospital. ON the morning of the 2nd of April an attack was made along the front line, which was broken by the Sixth Corps pressing rapidly forward, cutting the enemy's line in the center, forcing a part back into Petersburg, and drove the balance up the line of the South Side Railroad, where they were closely followed by the Second Corps. All the available ambulances were sent to convey the wounded to the hospitals. During the night Richmond and Petersburg were evacuated by the enemy, the Second and Sixth Corps following the retreating army, giving them no time to rest or intrench. The trains, replenished with the prescribed amount of supplies, moved toward Burke's Station, on the Cox road, at such a distance as would not embarrass the movements of the troops. On the 4th of April heavy rains set in, rendering the roads almost impassable for heavy teams. Men were detailed from the several commands to corduroy the roads and otherwise aid in moving forward. On the 6th the enemy still continued his retreat, the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps pursuing by the Richmond and Danville Railroad toward Deatonsville. At Salem [Sailor's] Creek the enemy endeavored to make a stand, but were soon driven by the Second Corps across the creek to the Appomattox, capturing 350 wagons, which were burned, and about 1,500 prisoners. On another portion of the line the Sixth Corps also attacked and drove the enemy, capturing several thousand prisoners, and continued the pursuit toward Farmville. The empty supply wagons were

