
used to convey the wounded of their respective corps to Burke's Station. On the 7th the pursuit was still kept up with renewed vigor, the and destroying wagons, caissons, and stores along the line of march. Our forces, losing no time, moved to the enemy's right, left, and center, keeping him constantly compelled to defend his trains, and on the 9th had so completely surroudned him that when the head of his column reached Appomattox Court-House the cavalry and Fifth Corps were there to confront him. All hopes to extricate his army having fled, General Lee accepted the terms offered, and surrendered all the forces known as the Army of Northern Virginia. The formal surrender took place on the 10th of April. All the ordnance stores resulting from the surrender were taken possession of by the chief of ordnance at army headquarters, and were transported to Burke's Station by the quartermaster's department of the Army of the Potomac. All the quartermaster's property received from the surrender was turned over to the chief quartermaster Army of the James. The reports of the chief quartermasters of the several corps of the army will give in detail their operations during the year. Immediately after the surrender all the transportation of the army moved to the vicinity of Burke's Station. The Ninth Corps guarded a portion of the line of railroads to Petersburg until the 20th of April, when it was detached from the Army of the Potomac and ordered to Washington, D. C. On the 23rd of April the Sixth Corps, and twelve days' marching rations and the full amount of ammunition, with a pontoon train, started for Danville, where they arrived on the 27th. On the 2nd day of May the Army of the Potomac started on its homeward march for Washington, arriving at Richmond on the 4th and 5th of May. On the 6th the whole army (save the Sixth Corps) passed in review at Richmond, and moved directly for Washington with the trains, by way of Hanover Court-House, Fredericksburg, Fairfax Court-House, arriving near Fort Albany on the 11th of May. The Sixth Corps, returning from Danville by the same route, arrived a few days later. Soon after the arrival of the army before Washington orders were received from the War Department to muster out a large portion of its troops. Accordingly, on the 28th of June, that portion of the army not mustered out was converted into the provisional corps, commanded by General Wright, and the Army of the Potomac ceased to exist. I should fail doing justice to many worthy officers serving in the Army of the Potomac did I not acknowledge their signal ability on every occasion during the late campaign and the interest and zeal they have ever manifested in the performance of the duties devolving upon them, nor should I fail to acknowledge the ready and unceasing co-operation I have received in my official position from the chief quartermaster of the Armies operating against Richmond--Major General Rufus Ingalls. Accompanying this report will be found a table showing the distance traveled daily by the Army of the Potomac as indicated by the odometer, and a statement of the amount of public money received, transferred, and remaining on hand during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.

Respectfully submitted.

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

