
up through the deep ravine and made for Battery Numbers 9, a work 500 yards distant and commanding the positions already taken. As he approached the enemy retired to Battery Numbers 10, upon which Colonel Rogers immediately charged, driving out the occupants and capturing one gun, with caissons and horses.

This position taken the enemy immediately abandoned Battery Numbers 11, although from the statements of prisoners it appears that the Forty-second North Carolina Regiment was close at hand to re-enforce the work.

It was impossible to move our second line of battle in the direction pursued by the first, on account of the angle which it formed with the lines of General Brooks, and with which by a forward movement it would become involved. Consequently it was swung around and moved forward toward the front of Batteries Nos. 9, 10, and 11, with view to feeling the strength of the positions, and if found advisable attacking them. As these disposisitons were being made an orders was given by General Smith, who now appeared in person on this part of the field, to assault the works. A column with battalion front was at once formed, the Sixth Regiment leading and the Fifth forming the second line. Skirmishers were thrown out and the advance commenced, a battery being ordered up to assist the movement.

The way lay over a ravine 600 yards in extent and greatly obstructed by stumps, piles of wood, fallen timber, bushes, and pools. Darkness had come on, so that our only guide was the flashes from the enemy's guns. The column advanced as best it could, receiving only an occasional shot, the main fire of the enemy being directed upon the storming parties approaching on the flank. The column had only reached the bottom of the ravine when the shouts ahead told that our forces had gained the works.

It was now 9 o'clock. The brigade was reforemd and rested for the night near Battery 10, details being set at work cutting down the reverse slope of the fortifications as a precaution against an apprehended attack.

In the morning the brigade, having been relieved by troops of the Second Army Corps, moved to the rear and took position near the junction of the Spring Hill and City Point roads, where details were employed in constructing defensive works.

On the 17th the Sixth Regiment was ordered to report to General Martindale for a reconnaissance, but returned soon after going out, the reconnaissance having been given up.

The Fifth Regiment on the same day was ordered to report to General Martindale for pics so employed during the night. On the morning of the 18th the Fifth Regiment rejoined the brigade, which now, by order of General Hinks, reported to General Martindale for duty. Two regiments, the Sixth and the Twenty-second, were held in reserve. The other two, the Fourth and the Fifth, were sent to General Stannard, by whom they were employed to form the right of our second line of battle resting on the Appomattox. An advance of our lines took place in the afternoon, in which these regiments suffered considerably.

In the forenoon of the 19th the brigade was relieved by troops of the Sixth Corps, and returned to the division near the Walthall house. Thence it marched to Spring Hill, and at 6 p. m. crossed the Appomattox and went into camp near Point of Rocks.

