
Report of Major General W. H. F. Lee, C. S. Army, of operations June 23-24.

JUSTIS' HOUSE, THREE MILES FROM BLACKS AND WHITES,

June 24, 1864--12.30 p. m.

GENERAL: My command striking the right flank of the enemy, cut his column at this place yesterday and had a severe engagement with him. As I think, only some four or five regiments had gone on in advance to the Junction. We took possession of the road on which he was marching to Nottoway Court-House, preventing his joining his advance and repelling several desperate attempts on his part to carry it. He withdrew at daylight this morning, leaving his dead and wounded in the line that we took. He has gone on the road in the direction of Hungarytown and Keysville. My scouts report that his forces at Burkeville have gone down toward Scottsburg on the Danville railroad. I think it probable that the two bodies may united somewhere in the vicinity of the railroad bridge over the Staunton River and return by way of Stony Creek, so as to damage the Weldon railroad as much as possible. I do nto think that they will cross the Roanoke River. I shall send back some of my artillery, as I am out of ammunition and am delayed here this morning for the want of rations for the men, b ut am resting and grazing my horses and will push on this afternoon. My command has behaved in the most creditable manner, though, as the fight lasted without intermission from 12 m. till night, I have lost some gallant officers and men, among the former Colonel Andrews, Second North Carolina Regiment, who died from effect of amputation of his leg, and Lieutenant-Colonel Claiborne, Seventh C. S. Cavalry, who I fear is mortally wounded. My entire loss is between 60 and 100. I trust my attack may have interfered somewhat with his plans, but cannot as yet say. He has damaged the railroad from Ford's all the way up, but not very materially, and burned two trains with two engines at Ford's, which were used by refugee families.

Respectfully,

W. H. F. LEE,

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding.

[40.]

Report of Captain John H. White, Forty-sixth Virginia Infantry, of operations June 17.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-SIXTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT,In the Trenches, July 19, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with your request of yesterday, I have the honor to submit the following as my observation on the part taken by the Forty-sixth Virginia Regiment in the engagement of June 17. In presenting this I beg leave to remark that as the brigade was divided by the Twenty-third South Carolina Volunteers, or, as I have since learned, by a detachment of that regiment, on our left, I cannot speak of the movement of any but my own regiment:

Early in the forenoon of the 17th ultimo we received orders to move to the right of the line and take position immediately on the right of the Twenty-third South Carolina Volunteers, Elliott's brigade. At this point it was necessary to construct breast-works, and in doing which my men were exposed to the fire both of the enemy's sharpshooters and batteries; the work was accomplished, however, to a slight degree, barely enough to afford [protection] to the men, when the enemy charged in our front and along the left of the line toward Clingman's

