
plank road, which was struck early in the day near the Burgess house, where the run and the road intersect. The enemy was found in force at this point and disputed our farther advance. In an open field on the east side of and about half a mile from the Burgess house, was a small frame building, with outhouses attached, called Rainey's. This seemed the most suitable position obtainable at which to establish a depot for wounded. The ambulances were instructed to uload here, and her the medical offices connected with the field division hospitals were ordered to report to dress the wounded and perform the necessary operations. This house was out of range of those guns brought by the enemy to bear upon the right and center of the line, but laterin the day, as the medical officers were extemporizing operating tables for some cases that demanded operative interference, an attack was made by the enemy upon our left, where General Gregg's cavalry were dismounted.

During this attack the house unfortunately was directly in the line of fire, and so near this part of the front that musketry reached it. A shell passed through the building, luckly without injuring any of the inmates. It became necessary to discontinue the preparations being made for operating. It became necessary even to have the wounded removed from this dangerous locality. The ambulances were accordingly loaded well, and were moved to a grove of a pine trees on the east side of the open space, where the exposure to the fire then existing was materially lessened; the stretcher carriers in the meantime, acting upon orders received earlier in the day, continued to bring in the wounded to this house, where the medical offices stil remained to yield them what little assistance lay in their power. At one time during the attack on the left if seemed possible that the enemy might succeed in driving us back so far as to obtain possession of the house. In view of this possibility Surg. Fred. A. Dudley, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers; Asst. Surg. W. T. Hicks, Seventh Virginia Volunteers, and Asst. Surg. W. J. Darby, Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, volunteered to remain with the wounded collected there. Darknes shortly afterward set in and fighting ceased for the day. A couple of hours were passed in uncertainty, and then it became known that the struggle would not be resumed on the morrow. Preparations were made to have the troops withdrawn from the enemy's front. The ambulances started first on the return toward the fortifictions. They were escorted by a regiment of infantry, and were ordered to report at the Gurley house, where the medicine wagons were parked. The surgeons accompanying were instructed to form hospitals there, and to lose no time in performing the necessary operations, so that the wounded might be sent to the point by rail without delay. On account of the deficiency of ambulandes all the wounded collected at the Rainey house had to be left there to fall next morning into the hands of the enemy. The medical officers who during the course of the afternoon had gallantly volunteered to remain with the wounded were, by order from the medical director, empowered to do so. The supplies left at their disposal amounted only to the contents of two or three of Chapin's field companions, for on the field there was no other source from which to draw. The number of wounded left at the house and on the field amounted to perhaps 250. No communications on this subject have as yet been received form any of the medical officers left at Rainey's. They are supposed to be still in the hands of the enemy. At 10 p. m. the troops commenced to move off, the Third Division in advance. The night was very disagreeable; it was intensely dark and rainy. The darkness and the state of the narrow road through the woods rendered the march

