
forward through woods into an open field, where the advance was checked for a few minutes, until the remainder of the line coming up, we again pushed on and drove the rebels from a strong position behind a stone wall, forcing them back about half a mile. Here they took up a very strong position on a continuous ridge, along the crest of which ran a stone wall, and made a determined stand. The fire was incessant and very heavy for about half an hour, but the enemy finally gave way before our fire. A general charge was ordered, and, the troops advancing on the run, the rebels gave way in complete disorder. The cavalry took up the pursuit, and little resistance was attempted after this time. In this last charge Sergeant Mahoney, color-bearer, was shot dead while gallantly advancing with the colors at the front of the regiment. We advanced over the battle-ground of the morning, and soon after dark took possession of our old camps. It is impossible to particularize any officers or men where all so fully performed their duty and behaved so nobly. Adjutant Lyman was wounded while falling back from the first position, while encouraging the men by voice and example and most gallantly performing the duties of his position. Captain Dewey, Company A, commanded the regiment during the last charge, and led it through that severe engagement in a manner calling for high commendation. A list of the casualties in the regiment is inclosed.* The loss is very great, being, as will be seen, about one-third of the total number engaged.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. HENRY,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Vermont VOL. Infantry.

General PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[43.]

Report of Lieutenant George E. Gilman, First New Hampshire Cavalry of operations September 15-21.

CAMP STONEMAN, D. C., September 26, 1864.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report:

That I left Camp Stoneman on Thursday, the 15th day of September, with a detachment of men under command of Major Fry for the front. We arrived at headquarters at Strasburg on Wednesday, September 21, and turned the men over to officer detailed to receive them. We then received orders to return to Winchester to await an escort back to Harper's Ferry. We did so and awaited two hours over the time for them to arrive. Major Fry was then informed by some wagon masters that the escort had passed through town on the Martinsburg pike. We immediately started after them, and when about five miles out of Winchester on the pike toward Martinsburg, at about 9 o'clock in the evening, we were fired into by a band of rebels. My horse was shot and I was captured and put onto another horse and started along with them, and in the rush after the other officers I made my escape and returned to Winchester, and here I found the escort that we were ordered to wait for, and I came to Harper's Ferry with them and reported to General Stevenson and was ordered to report to my regiment, which I did as soon as possible. The officers with me at the time

---------------

*See VOL. XLVII, Part I, p. 132.

---------------

