
Lieutenant-Colonel Tremlett, in advance, and Eleventh Pennsylvania, Major Overmeyer, second line, with Sixteenth Maine, Ninety-seventh New York, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania in line of battle. The line of skirmishers was at once moved forward, meeting enemy's skirmishers and pressing them steadily back, line of battle closely following. Continued to move forward for a mile or more under a severe skirmish fire until within about 300 yards of enemy's works and was directed to hold this position.

It became necessary to deploy remainder of line as skirmishers to right and left, receiving a severe fire on either flank. ReMained in this position until near 6 o'clock, the men suffering severely from the cold storm which continued the entire day. The Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant-Colonel Jack, of Third Brigade, had reported to me, and was held in reserve until an advance was ordered, when it moved forward with skirmishers, officers and men acquitting themselves with credit. Near 6 o'clock p. m. an attack by the division was made on the enemy's works in our front. Skirmishers advanced about 100 yards supported by Third Brigade, and here encountered so severe a fire from enemy's works was forced to retire, as was also Third Brigade. Again occupied same position as during the day. Was relieved from skirmish line about 9 p. m., a portion of the line by troops of a brigade of Sixth Corps, which had been moved up, and portion by Third Brigade. Formed line and threw up works about 400 yards from enemy's works, connecting on right with Third Brigade and on left with brigade of Sixth Corps. One a. m. 8th moved to north side Hatcher's Run, near Vaughan road, massed, and bivouacked. Colonel Tilden, Sixteenth Maine, received a painful wound on the 6th, rendering him unable to remain with his command, but although still suffering returned to his regiment on the morning of the 7th and remained with it, sustaining his well-earned reputation. Lieutenant-Colonel Haines, Eleventh Pennsylvania, commanding Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, was seriously and dangerously wounded while gallantly leading his regiment on the 6th, proving himself a true soldier. Lieutenant-Colonel Spofford, Ninety-seventh New York, was wounded while directing and encouraging his men on the skirmish line on the 7th, which took him from the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Tremlett, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts, and Major Overmeyer, Eleventh Pennsylvania, did all that could be asked of the best soldier. Captain Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general, was severely wounded on the 6th, depriving me of service which were performed with coolness and judgment. Captain Plummer, Sixteenth Maine, brigade inspector, and Lieutenant Leavitt, Sixteenth Maine, aide-de-camp, are entitled to favorable mention for energetic and prompt action and soldierly bearing before the enemy. Reference is made to regimental commanders' reports, which are herewith forwarded, for mention of officers and men of their commands. I forward tabular statement of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. BAXTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

---------------

*Embodied in table, VOL. XLVI, Part I, p. 66.

---------------

