
February 7, moved about 7 a. m.; marched two miles northeast on the Vaughan road, and formed line of battle in the open field west of the road. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers and my regiment formed the first line of battle. The line advanced about 9 a. m., forcing the enemy from his temporary works, giving us possession of en elevated position running through a belt of woods some 350 or 400 yards in front of the enemy's main line. About 11 a. m. my regiment was ordered to deploy and strengthen the skirmish line, which was done, under charge of Captain E. F. Davis, Company C. Immediately after deploying the enemy opened his artillery on the right of our line, compelling the men on this part of the line to retire. They were immediately rallied, however, and silenced the battery, holding the line until late in the afternoon, when orders were received to advance to the enemy's main line of works. Although nearly out of ammunition my regiment moved forward steadily at the command to the edge of the woods, and within 200 yards of the enemy's works, when we were obliged to retire (not having sufficient support to carry the same) to the position occupied during the day. About 1 o'clock February 8 the line was withdrawn. Bivouacked the day and night of the 8th about two miles from the field of battle. The casualties of the 7th instant are as follows: Enlisted men killed, 1; wounded, 25; total loss in both days, 1 officer and 73 men. February 9, the regiment was on picket near Halifax road. On the 10th returned to old quarters. On the 11th moved to the position it now occupies. It is with great pleasure that I am able to speak in commendatory terms of the officers of my command, who were constantly with their companies from the time of our breaking camp on the 5th instant. I deem it also worthy of remark to state that with two exceptions the line officers present came out with the regiment as non-commissioned officers and privates, and have earned their present positions by their meritorious conduct on former occasions, which was so nobly sustained in the late movements of the 6th and 7th instant. Especial credit is due to Captain E. F. Davis for his efficient aid in taking charge of the regiment while deployed as skirmishers on the 7th instant. I can also speak in high terms of the conduct of the non-commissioned officers and many of the men of my command, many of whom have never before been brought under fire. I should not forget to mention Corpl. James Maloney, Company H, serving on the color guard, who picket up the colors after two color-bearers had been shot in succession and borne wounded from the field, and carried them with honor and credit to himself through the subsequent movements.

CHAS. W. TILDEN,

Colonel, Sixteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant AUBREY LEAVITT, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade.

[46.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry M. Tremlett, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,February 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to forward the following report of operations of regiment under my command during the late movement:

Regiment left camp on morning of Sunday, 5th instant, in light

19 R R--VOL LI, PT I

