
marching order, supplied with four days' rations. Marched all day; at night halted near Gravelly Run; were immediately placed on picket and remained on picket until daylight Monday, February 6, when we were withdrawn and rejoined the brigade, which marched to Hatcher's Run. At 4 p. m. advanced against the enemy and remained under fire until about dark, when the line fell back to Hatcher's Run, reaching said place about 7 p. m. My loss in this engagement was 1 killed and 12 wounded. ReMained in bivouac until 11 a. m. Tuesday, February 7, at which time we advanced outside our works and formed advanced skirmish line. Immediately engaged the enemy, advanced and carried their works, capturing 1 officer (a lieutenant-colonel) and 6 enlisted men. Were relieved at 10 p. m. by a portion of the Sixth Corps, and retired behind their works; at midnight were withdrawn and marched to Hatcher's Run. My loss in this engagement was 2 officers and 12 enlisted men wounded. ReMained in bivouac all day Wednesday, 8th. Thursday, 9th, releived pickets of Third Brigade and remained on picket near Hatcher's Run until Friday, 10th, when we were relieved and reitred to our old camp near Jerusalem plank road. Without disparagement to the rest of the regiment, whose conduct in presence of the enemy, with few exceptions, was admirable, allow me to commend to your favorable notice the names of Captain Joseph J. Cooper, Company F; Sergt. Lyman A. Spooner, Company I, and Private Thomas H. Bradley, Company K; also Corpl. John W. Bailey, Company G, who, by their marked coolness and bravery, proved themselves on this, as on many previous occasions, deserving of the highest praise.

Very respectfully,

H. M. TREMLETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant AUBREY LEAVITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John P. Spofford, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry, of operations February 5-8.
HDQRS. 97TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,February 15, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular from your headquarters, dated February 12, 1865, I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this regiment during the recent operations near Hatcher's Run:

The regiment broke camp on the morning of the 5th instant, marching with the column, by the Halifax road, across Rowanty Creek. The brigade halted on Gravelly Run plantation, and formed line of battle, remaining until about 4 a. m. 6th instant, when it took up the line of march on the Vaughan road, recrossing Hatcher's Run near Dabney's Mill, where it halted until about 1 p. m. Again crossed Hatcher's Run and advanced toward Dabney's Mill, near which we formed line of battle, this regiment forming in rear of the Sixteenth Maine Volunteers. The line then advanced steadily, under a heavy fire from the enemy, until we had gained the old mill, when the brigade on our right being forced back, the enemy, pressing forward, both on our right

