
and left, poured in a heavy cross-fire, rendering our position utenable, and we were forced to retire. The men of the different regiments, mingling together, fell back in some confusion, but soon rallied around their colors and drove the enemy back, reoccupying the former position, holding it near thirty minutes. The enemy being re-enforced, and pouring in a terrible fire both on our front and flanks, compelled us to fall back the second time. The line was again reformed, amid some confusion, and as well as possible under the circumstances, and went forward again with the brigade, and threw up temporary breast-works and held them tuntil the Second Division fell back, leaving us unsupported on either flank; we were compelled to fall back to our line of works, where we remained during the night. On the morning of the 7th instant advanced up Hatcher's Run toward Armstrong's Mill and to the right of the battle-field of the 6th; formed line of battle in rear of skirmish line, and advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers about three-quarters of a mile, when the line halted and opened fire, remaining in this position until about 5 p. m., when the Third Brigade was ordered to charge the enemy. The ranks of this regiment having been thinned to such an extent, was ordered to advance as skirmishers in front of the charging column; were repulsed, and retired to the line which we had held during the afternoon, where we remained until 1 a. m. 8th instant, when we again moved back to the fortifications. I take especial pleasure in bringing to your notice Adjt. W. B. Judd (whose term of service had expired) for gallant conduct on both days of the fight. On the 7th, many yards in front of the line, while cheering on the men by word and act, he was struck in the knee by a musket-ball, by which he lost his leg. Many instances of noble during among the enlisted men, too numerous for this report, will be commended in regimental orders. The loss of the regiment was as follows: February 6, 1865, 9 enlisted men wounded and 6 missing; February 7, 1865, 3 commissioned officers wounded, 3 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded. Two of those reported missing we have since ascertained to have been killed.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. P. SPOFFORD,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Lieutenant A. LEAVITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Major John B. Overmeyer, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Hatcher's Run, Va., February 13, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to circular from headquarters Second Brigade of February 9, 1865, I make the following report of regiment during recent movement of corps:

On morning of 5th instant this regiment, with brigade, marched from camp near Jerusalem plank road along Halifax road, crossing

-----

Creek, and encamped for the night on Gravelly Creek plantation. On morning of 6th instant march was resumed, crossing Hatcher's Run, when brigade was massed with division on east side of stream until 2

