
Report of Captain George French, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, Third Brigade, Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,February 11, 1865.

SIR: The report of operations of this regiment will be embodied in the report of the commanding officer of the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers,* as the two regiments were consolidated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE FRENCH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigadier, Third Div., Fifth Army Corps.

[46.]

Report of Captain Archibald McC. Bush, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-FIFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,February 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular from headquarters Third Brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent operations near Hatcher's Run:

By order from Third Brigade headquarters the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers and this regiment were temporarily consolidated under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Creney. The regiment broke camp early in the morning of the 5th instant, took up a line of march in a westerly direction, until it reached the Weldon railroad, crossed Hatcher's Run, and went into bivouac for the night. On the 6th instant we moved forward and formed line of battle, confronting Dabney's Mill, connecting on the left with the Second Brigade. The regiment then moved forward against the enemy and became hotly engaged; succeeded in driving the enemy and securing an advanced position, which was held almost two hours and until the men were entirely out of ammunition. We were then obliged to fall back. The fighting was of a very severe character, but the men stood up nobly to the work. There were several instances of good conduct and acts of gallantry shown. First to be mentioned of them is Lieutenant-Colonel Creney, by taking the colors into his own hands and thereby keeping the line from breaking several different times. He had two horses shot from under him, and he himself finally received a serious wound in the hip and lower part of the abdomen. Captain French and Lieutenant Johnson, of the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, also deserve to be mentioned for coolness and bravery displayed by them. The color bearers and guards performed their duty unflinchingly and proved themselves to be brave men. The greater part of the night was spent in collecting together the men of the regiment, who had been considerably mixed up in the retreat. The regiment bivouacked for the remainder of the night near Hatcher's Run. As there was no field officer in either of the regiments, the Ninety-fourth was then separated from this regiment. We remained near the run until about noon of the

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

