
7th, when we were moved to the battle-ground of the day before and were formed in line of battle in rear of Second Brigade, and advanced with them, keeping several hundred yards in their rear. After the Second Brigade reached an advanced position, the regiment then threw up a line of breast-works. At 6 p. m. was ordered to advance and drive the enemy from his works, but only succeeded in getting within 200 or 300 yards of them, where we again threw up works. Shortly before daylight the regiment was moved to our former position across the run, where we lay until the middle of the afternoon, 8th instant, when the regiment was placed on picket on the left flank of the corps, where we remaiend until about noon on the 9th. We then moved to the right and bivouacked for the night. Early in the morning of the 10th instant we moved out ont hemain road and commenced work there. Were relieved in the afternooon and returned to the old camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SECOR HYATT,

Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. (for A. McC. Bush, Captain, Commanding.)

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Dennis B. Dailey, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, commanding One hundred and forty-seventh New York Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HEADQUARTERS 147TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,February 13, 1865.

The regiment broke camp and marched at daylight Sunday, the 5th instant. It encountered the enemy at Dabney's Mill on the 6th instant, and fought him until the ammunition was exhausted. In this engagement 5 officers and 42 men were killed, wounded, and missing. In the heat of the engagement volunteers were called for to accompany General Morrow (commanding brigade) in advance of the line of brigade colors. The following-named men responded promptly: Sergt. Patrick Cashman, Company I, color-bearer, One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers; Sergt. Major William Boyce; Sergt. J. S. McCoy, Company G; Sergt. J. McDonald, Company K; Sergt. Peter Fannon, Company K; Corpl. Voleny Russell, Company H; Corpl. P. Cunningham, Company B; Private William Wilson, Company I. In this engagement every officer and man performed his whole duty. About 5 p. m. the regiment fell back to the line of works in rear, and, marching across Hatcher's Run, bivouacked for the night. Recrossed the run the morning of the 7th, and marched nearly to the ground occupied by it (the regiment) on the previous day. Here the regiment threw up a line of works and then moved to the left, advancing in line of battle through a heavy piece of woods, when it came in sight of the enemy, who were advantageously posted on a rise of ground. They (the enemy) having a battery in position, the regiment was compelled to fall back to a temporary line of works thrown up by skirmishes, and from this point again advanced, the One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers being in advance of the line a great part of the time. Moved at dark to the right and threw up works, and at about 1 o'clock fell back across Hatcher's Run. ReMained here until 3 p. m. of the 8th instant, when the regiment moved with the brigade on picket on the Halifax

