
road. It (the regiment) was relieved the 9th instant about 4 p. m. and marched to the north side of the Vaughan road, where it threw up works, remaining here until the morning of the 10th instant, when it marched to the south side of the Vaughan road and chopped timber for corduroy roads. The regiment marched from here at 5 p. m. and arrived at its old camp about 8 p. m.

D. B. DAILEY,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[46.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Jack, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HDQRS. 56TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOLS.,February 10, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the move to Hatcher's Run:

The Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers broke camp at 6 a. m. on the morning of the 5th instant; marched to Halifax road; followed it south almost two miles. Leaving the Halifax road at

-----

marched westward to the Vaughan road, and crossing Hatcher's Run proceeded several miles beyond and halted, forming line of battle with right resting on swamp, beyond which rested the left of General Bragg's brigade, left joining One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers; a small stream running in front, beyond which vedettes were posted, and a road that passed the position occupied by the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers and across the stream, barricaded effectually by slashing heavy timber over it. The line had just been established when an order came to fall in and move off. We retraced our steps about two miles; halted within short distance of Hatcher's Run; threw out pickets across the road to

-----

Mills (the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers being the picket). In anticipation of an attack from that quarter the road was strongly barricaded. On the morning of the 6th we were called in before daylight and moved off on the Vaughan road, crossing to east side of Hatcher's Run, remaining in same position until afternoon. We again recrossed Hatcher's Run and moved to meet the enemy, the Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers in the second line of battle. The enemy were steadily pressed back at all points, and continued to be until our ammunition giving out we were compelled to fall back, for the want of ammunition alone. Retired to a position on the west bank of Hatcher's Run; camped for the night. Next morning (February 7) again moved out to meet the enemy, the Fifty-sixth again in second line of battle. The enemy were again pushed back to their old line. The Fifty-sixth assisting to build breast-works until nearly noon, when they were ordered to the support of General Baxter, and joined with his brigade in charging the enemy's works and were repulsed; returned during the ninght to the east side of Hatcher's Run. ReMained in same place until afternoon of 8th instant. Sent on picket. Relieved next morning (February 9) by General Baxter. Returned to west side of Vaughan road and assisted in putting up breast-works. Ceased work early in the evening and camped for the night. On the morning of the 10th instant moved to Vaughan road and were detailed as working

