
party. On evening of same day returned to camp. I have the honor of reporting most excellent conduct both on part of officers and men throughout.

Hoping the above may be satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. JACK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. W. HOFMANN.

[46.]

Report of Captain Henry H. Herpst, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations February 5-10.
HEADQUARTERS 121ST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,February 11, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers in the recent operations:

Early in the morning of the 5th instant the regiment took up the line of march in a southwesterly direction, proceeding down the Weldon railroad for a distance of about three miles, then striking west, crossing Hatcher's Run at 3 p. m., and marching until about 6 p. m., halted, threw out pickets, withdrew them shortly and resumed our advance until 10 p. m., encamping for the night some three miles from Dinwiddie Court-House. Distance marched during the day, fourteen miles. Early the next morning recrossed Hatcher's Run near Armstrong's Mill, halting on the north bank of the stream until about 2 p. m., when we again crossed, filing through the breast-works, formed in line of battle and advanced on the enemy, successfully engaging him till dusk, when, our ammunition being exhausted, the men were forced to retire within the works, where they remained for the night. On the 7th we again attacked the enemy about noon, driving them into their fortifications. The regiment then retired and built works in advance of the old works some three-quarters of a mile, moving out of them the same evening and encamping for the night in an open field. On the 8th remained in the field until 3 p. m., when the regiment was thrown on picket on the left of the line, and was relieved the next day at noon, returning to the vicinity fot he bridge crossing Hatcher's Run, erecting fortifications. On the 10th the regiment was employed in corduroying roads, and started for our camping ground at 5 p. m. It is hardly possible for me, in the absence of Major Funk, to mention any particular acts of gallantry on the part of the officers and men, and where all did so well, particularly in the engagement on the 6th, it would be hard to discriminate those deserving of special mention. I hope Major Funk will be allowed to submit his own report, as this will be the only method by which full jsutice can be given to the regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY H. HERPST,

Captain, Commanding 121st Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain J. HARRISON LAMBDIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

