
Report of Major Nathan Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, First Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne by this regiment in the operations of yesterday:

Marched from camp about 9 a. m. and formed line of battle in front of the Smith house; the One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left. This line was then moved forward about 520 yards and halted. ReMained here about an hour and then advanced about 200 yards and again halted. From this position was moved by the left flank for a short distance and established in line of battle along the picket-line from which the enemy had been driven earlier in the day. A few minutes later the enemy's bugle sounded the advance. The skirmishers in our frnot were soln driven in, closely followed by the enemy's. When within short range the line of battle opened on them and they soon retired. The regiment then advanced in connection with the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and captured eight prisoners. Returned and occupied our position in line of battle along the enemy's picket-line. The enemy soon made another attack, which was also repulsed. About midnight the troops were withdrawn and the regiment returned to old camp.

Casualties.*

N. CHURCH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Welcome A. Crafts, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE BATTALION VOLS.,March 26, 1865.

I have the honor to submit the following report of operations in which my regiment participated March 25, 1865:

Moving from the works at 10 a. m. by order of Colonel Scott, commanding brigade, most of the distance on the double-quick, formed line of battle and took position near the Watkins house, being in front of the picket-line occupied by the Third Division, and about 1,000 yards from the enemy's works, with orders to support the picket-line deployed in the captured pits of the enemy just in front. Being detached from the brigade, I acted under the orders of Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, corps officer of the day. At 2 p. m. I ordered Captain Griggs, commanding Ninth Company Sharpshooters, to deploy his company, and advance through the woods in front of the position occupied by the left of the First Brigade, and annoy the enemy's gunners if possible, or operate against their skirmish line, according to circumstances. Six of this company, armed with target rifles, did good service from an advanced position in front of the regiment upon the rebel gunners. About 5 p. m. changed position, forming on the left of the brigade, threw up a temporary breast-work, and at 12 o'clock was ordered into camp. Although not actively engaged, the regiment was frequently under fire of rebel

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 2 men wounded.

---------------

