
batteries and sharpshooters, changed position and performed several evolutions under fire with commendable coolness and precision. The total loss in the command during the day was 1 killed, 10 wounded (one mortally), 24 missing. The latter were nearly all from the heavy detail sent to the skirmish line, which I am informed behaved with coolness. In view of the fact that the regiment as a new organization, and indeed nearly every man was for th efirst time under fire, the result may be considered satisfactory.

W. A. CRAFTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Captain Jervis D. Cook, Sixty-first New York Infantry, of operations March 25.

CAMP OF SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,

March 26, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of the part which a portion of this regiment took in the operations of yesterday, the 25th instant:

At about 7.30 a. m. I received orders from Captain Kerr, aide-de-camp to George W. Scott, colonel commanding First Brigade, to select 200 men and five commissioned officers as a charging party on the enemy in our front. I detailed the men, and Captain Liebenau, Lieutenants Grady, Hudson, Miller, and Sares volunteered. They were conducted to the front by Captain Ives, staff officer of the First Division. At about 9 o'clock I received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Brown to march the remainder of the regiment to the old picket-line to report to Colonel Scott. I got my men in position by right by file into line in the rear of the old picket-line, the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers connecting on my left and the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers connecting on my right. Major Schaffer, having been relieved as officer of the day (at 11 a. m.), assumed command of the regiment. The following casualties occurred among the 200 men: Two non-commissioned officers and 3 privates killed; 5 non-commissioned officers and 22 privates wounded; 15 privates missing. In all probability a number of enlisted men reported as missing will return to camp during the next twenty-four hours.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JERVIS D. COOK,

Captain, Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant JOHN F. TOWNSEND,

Acting Adjutant.

[46.]

Report of Major George W. Schaffer, Sixty-first New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of the operations of this regiment during the late engagement, March 25, 1865:

I relieved Captain J. D. Cook at 11 a. m.; at 11.30 a. m. I was ordered by Captain William McCallister, acting assistant adjutant-general, to move

