
the regiment forward in line of battle and take position in rear of picket-line formerly occupied by the enemy. About 4 p. m. the enemy advanced upon us and were driven back without loss to the regiment. It is supposed to have been only a heavy skirmish line. We advanced about twenty-five yards, when I received orders from Captain McCallister to fall tot he rear and on our original line; I did so. Upon taking position I ordered a line of breast works to be thrown up. About 7 p. m. a line of vedettes was posted in front of regiment, under command of Lieutenant Cole. At 8 p. m. were relieved by the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, when I was ordered to deploy the regimental front, so as to connect with the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right; I did so. About midnight I was ordered by Captain McCallister to face the regiment to the left and file after him; I did so, whereupon we were conducted to camp, arriving there about 1 a. m. on the morning of the 26th.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SCHAFFER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

[46.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 23.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FIRST PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In answer to circular of this date I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement of yesterday, March 25, 1865:

About 7.30 a. m. I received orders to pack up and strike tents. At 10 a. m. I received an order by Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, acting assistant adjutant-general of First Division, Second Army Corps, to advance in front of the works and report to Colonel Scott, commanding First Brigade. I immediately did so and received orders from Colonel Scott, to take position, right resting on a by-road (name unknown) just in front of our original picket-line, and connecting my right with the Sixty-first New York Volunteers. Remaining in this position about twenty minutes, orders came to advance, keeping my connection with the Sixty-first New York, and reach the line of rifle-pits which had been previously occupied by the enemy. Movement being executed and position gained, laid in line of battle till about 4.30 p. m., at which time the enemy advanced on our position, and drove in the skirmish line, which I assembled on my left. I engaged the enemy for about fifteen minutes, drove them back and re-established the skirmish line in my front in its original position.

Casualties during the day.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-first Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

[46.]

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 12 men wounded.

---------------

