
Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas B. Rodgers, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 140TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders this day received I have the honor to make the following report of operations of the One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers during the engagement of yesterday:

After arriving on the ground beyond our picket-line, in obedience to orders of the brigade commander, I formed my command on the line of rifle-pits that had been abandoned by the enemy's pickets, taking position between the Sixty-first New York on the left and the Twenty-sixth Michigan on the right. While here we several times re-established the skirmish line of another brigade in our immediate front by driving them back to the line they had left without good reason. Two several attacks of the enemy were successfully repulsed; one between 3 and 4 p. m. and the other between 5 and 7 p. m. After dark I sent out vedettes of my own regiment, who remained on post until relieved by the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, under order from the brigade commander. I then deployed my regiment so as to connect on the right with the Twenty-sixth Michigan, which had moved farther to the right, and remained in this position until we were ordered to fall in and march back to camp. The officers and men of the regiment behaved well, as they always have done. I regret to have to mention that Captain J. F. Wilson was severely wounded early in the action. He is a gallant, faithful, and efficient officer, and his loss will be felt by the regiment. One enlisted man was killed and 3 were wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. RODGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 140th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[46.]

Report of Colonel George T. Egbert, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 183rd PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel A. T. Lynch, moved from the line of works it had occupied on the morning of the 25th instant and took position in line of battle supporting our advanced skirmish line. The regiment followed the line as it advanced during the day. About 5 p. m. the enemy advanced in some force on our skirmish line, driving it back upon the support. The regiment immediately opened a fire upon the advancing party, who quickly retired. In about an hour the enemy advanced again and were repulsed after a musketry engagement lasting about half an hour. About 11 p. m. the regiment moved back with the brigade to camp. The folowign list of casualties occurred during the day.*

Very respectfully,

GEO. T. EGBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

[46.]

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 man killed and 14 men wounded.

---------------

