
Report of Major Oscar F. Hulser, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,March 26, 1865

CAPTAIN; I have the honor respectfully to report as follows the result of the operations of this regiment of yesterday:

At 9.30 a. m. I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, acting assistant adjutant-general, to move out to the then picket-line in front of this brigade and report to Colonel G. W. Scott, brigade commander, which I did. After receiving instructions from him I moved at once and remained in position until ordered by him (Colonel Scott) to advance my right to the support of the then picket-line. According to orders I then moved to the position indicated, and subsequently took position on the right of First Brigade, where we encountered the enemy in force. After participating in the repulise of the enemy in two separate charges made by them upon our lines, we were relieved at 10 p. M., and returned back to camp. The casualties in the command were 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men wounded, with 4 enlisted men missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

O. F. HULSER,

Major, Commanding Second New York Artillery.

Captain WILLIAM McCALLISTER.

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier 1st Div., 2nd Army Corps.

[46.]

Report of Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations March 25.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

March 26, 1865

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Division, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of this command on the 25th instant:

About 6.30 a. M. I received orders to strike tents and hold my command in readiness to march at a moment's notice. At 9 a. M. we moved into the breast-works vacated by the First Brigade and remained in them until about 2.15 p. M., when I received orders from the major-general commanding the division to advance about half a mile in front of the works and form line of battle in front of the Skinner house. The line was then advanced into the woods about fifty paces in front of the captured rebel picket-line, my left connectin with the right of the First Brigade, but was subsequently retired about twenty paces in rear of the woods. We remained in this position until about 4.10 p. M., when a bugler on the rebel side sounded the charge the enemy advancing on us at the same time with a yell and at the double-quick. We opened a terrific musketry fire on them; they made several persistent attempts to break through my line, but were repulsed in every instance. My command held their ground with unflinching bravery, not yielding an inch. Failing to drive us in front, the enemy moved to our right, doubltess with the intention of turning my right flank, which was protected only by a line of skirmishers, who kept back the rebel skirmish line but were forced to retire before their line of battle. Perceiving their object, I immediately swung the right wing of the Sixty-

