
ninth New York Volunteers around, and gave instructions at the same time to the other regiments of the brigade to oblique their fire to the right, and succeeded in driving them back, but not before they had inflicted a severe loss on us by an enfilading fire which they kept up while they held this ground. I was relieved at 6.30 p. M. by a portion of the Fifth Corps. Retiring about fifty paces I reformed line and awaited orders. I remained in this position for about twenty minutes when I was ordered still farther to the rear and instructed to stack arms, allow the men to rest, and replenish the supply of ammunition. About 11 p. M. received orders to place a regiment in the interval between the left of the First Division and the right of the Third Division, which was executed. About 12 o'clock the regiment was withdrawn, leaving sufficient pickets to cover their front, and the brigade was ordered to march back to the old camp. I have great pleasure in reporting that the officers and men behaved in a most gallant manner. Where all performed their duty so faithfully it is almost impossible to particularize, yet I cannot help mentioning the commanding officer of the different regiments, viz: Lieutenant Colonel Smith, Sixty-ninth New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Fleming, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, who, I regret to say, was severely wounded; Captain smith, Eighty-eighth, and Captain Terwilliger, Sixty-third New York Volunteers; also Capt Murtha Murphy, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, who was in command of the skirmishers. This officer checked the advance of the rebels on my right with the most commendable tenactiy, disputing every inch of the ground, until he finally formed his men on the right of the brigade. I am deeply indebted to the members of my staff, viz, Captains Oldershaw and Foley and Lieutenant Granger, for the able assistance they so willingly rendered me. I will particularize Captain Oldershaw for the cool bravery exhibited by him throughout the engagement. I will also mention Lieutenant-Colonel Gleason, Sixty-third New York Volunteers, who, although under arrest, rendered me great assistance in carrying orders at different times.

Accompanying I send a nominal list of the casualties.*

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. BROWN.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, first Division.

[46.]

Report of Major Theodore Tyrer, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,March 26, 1865

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command on the 25th of March, 1865:

We moved with the brigade at 2 p. M. to the front, taking position on the left of the brigade, and forming line of battle on the old picket-line. At 3 p. M. I received orders through Captain Brady to support the First Brigade, Colonel Scott commanding, and formed in line of battle in rear of his center. After remaining some time there, General Miles ordered

---------------

*Embraced in tables, VOL. XLVI, Part I.

---------------

