
me to report to Colonel Nugent, commanding Second Brigade. From him I received orders to form on his right, which I did. After some moments the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers and Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteerse got out of ammunition, and Colonel Nugent directed me to send the left wing of my regiment to the left of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, and hold the ground until ammunition could be brought, which position I held until dark, when the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, and Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers were relieved, when I formed the left of my regiment on the right of the position held by the Second Brigade during the day and remained there until 12 p. M., when relieved and returned to camp. My regiment behaved splendidly. My loss was as follows: Three killed 30 wounded, and 3 missing. I have no means of knowing the loss of the enemy, as they were much concealed by the brush, but I think it could not be otherwise than heavy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

THEODORE TYRER,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

[46.]

Report of Captain Nathaniel P. Lane, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH NEW YORK VETERAN VOLS.,March 27, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to forward a report of operations of this command on the 25th of March, 1865. At 2 p. M. this command left Fort Sampson and marched by the right flank through the slashings, in front of Fort Sampson about 700 yards, where the regiment halted, made front, and remained in line of battle about one hour. At 3 p. M. heavy musketry firing commenced on our left, and the regiment moved by the left flank in double-quick step to the scene of action. Arriving there, it was ordered by Major-General Miles to move by the right flank through a small wood into an open field, where, throwing out skirmishers, it remained in line of battle until 11 p. M. when ordered back to its original camp. It arrived there at 11.30 p. M. The regiment lost none in killed or wounded.

Very respectfully,

NATHANIEL P. LANE,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-sixth New York Veteran Volunteers.

[46.]

Report of Colonel William M. Mintzer, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations March 25.

HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

March 27, 1865

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the ooperations of the Fourth Brigade on the 25th instant:

The brigade moved in accordance with orderse at 2 p. M. and took position on the old picket-line. The Fourth New York Artillery were

