
ordered to report to Colonel Nugent, commanding Second Brigade, which it did. The Sixty-fourth New York Volunteerse, were sent to the First Brigade by order of General Miles. Firing being heard in our front, General Miles ordered the brigade to move forward and connect with the right of the Second Brigade, which it did. The right of the brigade connected with the left of the Third Brigade. The command lay in this position, holding the enemy and repelling their attack, until ordered into camp at 1 a. M. on the 26th instant. The officers and men behaved nobly, and are deserving of worthy notice for their gallant conduct and unflinching bravery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. MINTZER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel R. A. BROWN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Second Army Corps.

[46.]

Report of Major David W. Megraw, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. 116TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS.

March 26, 1865

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders received, I have the honor to submit the following report:

This command left camp yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock, marched out to line formerly occupied by picket-line; formed line of battle; remained in this position for about half an hour. Orders were then received to fall in and march to the left; which was done. We had advanced but a short distance, when orders were given to move by the flank; advanced through the woods in lineof battle; little or no firing on our side; sent out details on skirmish line; withdrew them about midnight on the 25th instant.

No casualties in our immediate command.

Respectfully submitted.

DAVID W. MEGRAW.

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Captain James H. Hamlin, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations March 25.
HEADQUARTERS 145TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,

March 26, 1865

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to orders from headquarters First Division, Second Army Corps, of this date, requiring report of operations on the 25th instant, I have the honor to forward the following in regard to this command;

On the morning of the 25th instant orders were received to have the command in readiness to move at a moment's notice; meantime, that the men should remain at the works in line. During this time there

