
was desultory firing on the picket-line. About 3 p. M. the regiment moved out with the brigade toward the scene of the firing, forming the right flank thereof. Arrived at the old reserve line of the picket, a position was taken in line with the brigade. In a short time, by order of the colonel commanding brigade, we moved to the left on the double-quick until we reached a position in the immediate rear of the Second Brigade, whence, still on the double-quick, we moved by the right flank until we connected with the One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which retained the original position. The movement to the left was considered as necessary in order to avoid a swamp in the advance to the last position. This was retained until the return to camp, which occurred about 12 p. M. of the 25th instant.

While in this last position 1 man was killed and 1 wounded in the regiment. I would also state as an instance of individual bravery worthy of notice, that Corporal Culbertson, of Company B, with Privates Hand and Tarno, of Company K, at this juncture, under a severe fire of musketry, advanced alone to the enemy's lines, occupying three of his posts, Corporal Culbertson capturing and bringing in one prisoner. Privates Hand and Tarno remained some time in the occupied posts, firing at the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. HAMLIN.

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant S. P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Major Derrick F. Hamlink, Fourth New York Heavy Artillery, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FOURTH NEW YORK HEAVY ARTILLERY,March 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT; In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters dated March 26, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 8 a. M. March 25, 1865, orders were received to be ready to move at a moment's notice and have everything packed but tents. At 10.30 a. M. same date, orders were received to strike tents and be ready to move. At 11 a. M. were ordered to report to Colonel Nugent, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps. Having reported as per orders received, the regiment was ordered to form to the rear and right of the brigade. Soon after orders were received to join the left of this regiment with the right of the Second Brigade extending the line of battle. This was done, and the right of the regiment was turned so as to repel any attack of the enemy to turn our flank and join the right with the left of the Fourth Brigade. When in the act of executing this order the skirmishers fell back for want of ammunition, and their places were supplied by men from this regiment. After having been in position for some time orders were received from General Miles to send out three additional skirmishers from each company. This was accordingly done, and for some time this regiment remained in this position. Later, orders were received to open an oblique fire to the left, producing with that of the Fifth Army Corps a cross-fire on the enemy. About 8 p. M. orders were received from General Miles to post a strong picket in front of this regiment and the

20 R R-VOL LI, PT I

