
Fifth Army Corps, joining that of the Fourth Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps on the left, and the First Brigade on the right. This was carried out as follows: The posts were at intervals of from six to eight paces, with from five to seven men on a post; also two reserve forces of 100 men each opposite the center of the right and left wings of the line. About half of the regiment was thus posted; the remaining portion were at about 12 p. M. ordered to follow the Fourth Brigade, First Division, Second Army Corps, to camp, which was reached at about 1 a. M. of March 26, 1865. That portion of the regiment which remained on picket were relieved at about 11 a. M. March 26, 1865.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. F. HAMLINK.

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant STEPHEN P. CORLISS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

[46.]

Report of Colonel William A. Olmstead, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the part taken by this brigade on the 25th of March, 1865:

The brigade struck tents at 7 a. M. and stacked arms in the breast-works. ReMained in this position until 3 p. M. when we deployed and occupied the works of the Third Division, on our right, relieving part of the Third Brigade, Second Corps. At 6 p. M. the brigade was marched to the front and reported to General Humphreys, and on reporting was ordered to return and occupy the line of works we had vacated. ReMained in the works until 4 a. M. March 26, 1865, when we moved to camp. There was no loss in the brigade in killed, wounded, or prisoners.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED.

Colonel Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Vols., Commanding Brigade

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Army Corps.

[46.]

Report of Colonel James P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,March 28, 1865.

MAJOR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 77, headquarters Second Army Corps, March 27, 1865, I have the honor to report the following operations of this brigade on the 25th instant:

In obedience to orders from headquraters Second Division, Second Army Corps, tents were struck, and the baggage packed and the command held in readiness to move on the morning of the 25th instant. The regiments of the brigade posted at the breast-works in front of their respective camps. At about 10 a. M. the brigade picket-line was advanced a distance of one quarter of a mile, having a slight skir-

