
mish with the enemy, during which Lieutenant Colonel William De Lacy, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, division officer of the day, was severely wounded.

The pickets of the Fifth Army Corps, connecting with our brigade on the left, having failed to advance, the enemy's skirmishers closed in upon the left of our line, capturing 2 and killing 1 of the Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, at the same time causing our whole line to fall back. At this juncture the One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers was sent forward to occupy the rifle-pits on the north bank of the run, in which position they remained until night. Our force on the skirmish line was doubled and again about the distance above stated, where it remained until night, when it fell back to the line now occupied. During the night of the 25th the command was extended along the interior works so as to cover the ground previously occupied by the First Brigade. At about 2 a. M. on the 26th instant the troops were ordered to return to camp.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. McIVOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

Report of Brigadier General Thomas A. Smyth, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations March 25.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS.

March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the part taken by this brigade in the operations of the 25th instant:

In compliance with orders from the general commanding the division I accompanied the detachment of 500 men belonging to this brigade ordered to attack the enemy's works on the right of Hatcher's Run. The line was formed in the wood between the barn in front of the R. Armstrong house and Hatcher's Run. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon I received orders from Major-General Humphreys to assault the enemy's works. The troops under the command of the gallant Colonel Moore, Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, advanced and carried the works over Hatcher's Run and Picture Run, capturing seventy prisoners. The skirmish line, under the command of Captain McAnally, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, advanced to within sight of the Boydton plank road. About 6 o'clock the remainder of my brigade, with the Eleventh Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, reported to me and were placed in position on my right and left. I remained in this position until about 10 p. M. when I feel back to the advanced picket-line, and at 11 o'clock in compliance with orderse from Major-General Humphreys, my command returned to camp.

The officers and men of the Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Twelfth New Jersey Volunteeres, and Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers (the regiments engaged) behaved in the most gallant manner.

I am, major, very respectfully,THOS. A. SMYTH.

Brigadier-General, of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[46.]

