
CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, and RETURNS RELATING TO

OPERATIONS IN Maryland, EASTERN NORTH CAROLINA,

PENNSYLVANIA, VIRGINIA (EXCEPT SOUTHWESTERN), AND

WEST VIRGINIA, FROM JANUARY 1, 1861, TO JUNE 30, 1865.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC. *

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 2, 1861

Captain WILLIAM MAYNADIER,

Ordnance Bureau:

SIR: I have reason to apprehend that some assault will be made upon the U. S. Armory at Harper's Ferry. My reasons I do not feel at liberty to disclose. They may are may not be well founded. I deem it for the post. The armorers have been formed into volunteer companies, and arms and ammunition furnished them. But they work in the armory during the day, and of course are not on duty at night. They would doubtless come to the protection of the armory when notified of the necessity. But the armory might be taken and destroyed; the arms might be abstracted and removed or destroyed; vast amount of damage might be done to the Government property before the companies could be notified or rallied. The watch force on duty at night numbers ten men, who are put there more to keep fires burning where necessary in certain shops and as general guards against fire, &amp;c. Of course they are but little real protection against assault of a numerous force. They might all be taken without difficulty, though they are armed. I deem it my duty, therefore, as a public officer and as a citizen of Virginia, to express the believ that a company or more of regular U. S. soldiers should be placed there very soon. Willing and determined to discharge every duty devolved upon me in my relation to the Gvoernment as the superintendent of the armory, I cannot be held responsible for consequences at present, unless the Government itself sees to the protection of its property by placing reliable, regularly drilled forces to sustain me. I do not look to perseonal consequences at all. I look to the duty of protect of the Federal Government now under my charge. I have taken every precaution which could be taken with the means at my command. I shall cheerfully abide by any order or decision made by the Department.

Your obedient servant,

ALFRED M. BARBOUR,

Superintendent U. S. Armory, Harper's Ferry, Va.

[2.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington, January 3, 1861.

Major L. P. GRAHAM,

Second Dragoons, Supt. Mounted Recruiting Service,

Carlisle Barracks, Pa.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you send sixty men, composed of the permanent party, and some picked men of the best drilled recruits, with the complement of non-commissioned officers for a company to Harper's Ferry Armory without delay, under charge of First

---------------

*For Confederate Correspondence, &c., covering the same theaters of operations and the same period of time, see Part II.

---------------

