
Lieutenant Roger Jones, Mounted Rifles. The company will be reported to Bvt. Major Henry J. Hunt, Second Artillery, at Harper's Ferry, who will receive orders concerning it. The company will take no arms or accouterments, but as it may remain at the armory some time, the men should go provided with the necessary clothing. Of course horses will not be required.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER.

Adjutant-General.

[2.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

Washington, January 3, 1861.

Bvt. Major H. J. HUNT,

Captain, Second Artillery, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: A picked company of eight non-commissioned officers and sixty privates, under First Lieutenant Roger Jones, Mounted Rifles, has been ordered without delay to Harper's Ferry Armory, Va., to report to you there. The Secretary of War directs that you repair to Harper's Ferry and assume the military command of the armory; that, without making a display of your force, you so dispose it as to prevent the success of an attack upon the U. S. property there, should one be attempted. The company will go without arms or accouterments, but you will equip it from the stores in the armory. In your selection of the kind of arms for your command you will be guided by circumstances, which will appear to you readily-such as the manner in which the men have been drilled and the kind of arms disposable. If you do not find the proper ammunition there, make a requisition for it throughthis office, and it will be sent from the arsenal in this city.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER.

Adjutant-General

[2.]

HARPER'S FERRY, January 5, 1861

Captain MAYNADIER,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

Major Hunt, U. S. Army, is here; reports that sixty-eight troops from Carlisle Barracks will arrive here to-night. No official order here to that effect. I cannot admit them without such order. Please answer by telegraph, or I shall hold the armory.

A. M. BALL.

Master Armorer.

[2.]

WASHINGTON, January 5, 1861

SUPERINTENDENT OF ARMORY,

Harper's Ferry:

SIR: The telegram of Master Armorer Ball to Captain Maynadier has been received. You will afford Major Hunt all the accommodation in your power for his military force, and such aid, facilities, and opportunities that he may require in the execution of the duties assigned to him at the armory, of which he will advise you.

H. K. CRAIG.

Colonel of Ordnance

[2.]

