
increase the present excitement. As the two duties prescribed-to make no display, yet to take measures to prevent the success of an attack-would seem to be incompatible with each other, I respectfully request more definite instructions. I do not feel authorized without such to put the place in a defensive attitude; and unless this is done, any defense, however destructive to either party, must be feeble.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT.

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, Captain, Second Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 16, 1861

Major Hunt will conform strictly to the instructions originally given him. HIs present command would not be available for purposes of defense against any powerful organized force. It is desirable to avoid all needless irritation of the public mind, andin any effort to strengthen himself for the purpose of protecting the public property from any irregular, unorganized, assault he will proceed quietly, so as to avoid all military display.

J. HOLT.

Secretary of War ad interim.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT

Washington, January 16, 1861

Honorable JOHN R. BARTLETT,

Secretary of the State of Rhode Island, Providence:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 12th instant, stating that the Governor of Rhode Island upon the applicatin of Captain George W. Cullum, Engineers, has directed "a detail of six armed men to protect Fort Adams from a threatened plunder of ammunition," and also that orders will be given "to place a company of artillery at the disposal of the mayor of Newport for the defense of the U. S. property and the occupancy of Fort Adams, whenever desired to do so by any competent U. S. authority." For this prompt and loyal conduct and for his patriotic offer, which I trust there will be no occasion to accept, I beg that you will return to the Governor the thanks of this Department and of the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT.

Secretary of War ad interim.

[2.]

NEW YORK HOTEL,

New York City, January 18, 1861.

Colonel FRANCIS H. SMITH.

Superintendent Virginia Military Institute:

DEAR SIR: In looking over the files of the National Intelligencer this morning, I met with your advertisement for a commandant of cadets and instructor of tactics at the institute. If not already filled, I will be under obligations if you will inform me what salary and allowances pertain to the situation, as from present appearances I feel it will soon be necessary for me to be looking up some means of support.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. THOMAS.

Major, U. S. Army.

[2.]

