
Memoranda.

JANUARY 24, 1861

I must beg the Secretary of War to call to Washington at once the light battery of artillery from West Point, and permit me to give like orders to the light battery at Fort McHenry, together with instructions for the accommodations for both at this place. Prior, by some days, to the cast of ballots for President, &amp;c., in the House of Representatives, I must request that the proposition of the Governor of Maryland to detach companies of volunteers (say seven) to aid in the maintenance of law and order in this city be accepted. And, further, that by the period named above (the 13th proximo) I may be allowed to bring up here from Fort Monroe some four or five companies of that garrison, replacing them with an equal number of recruits from the harbor of New York.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

WINFIELD SCOTT

P. S. - On reflection, I think the Third Regiment of Infantry, now on duty on the southeast of Texas, ought first to be brought East: First, because it is nearest to (say) New York; and, second, because it can be best spared from the Indian frontier, as there would still remain thirty-odd companies in Texas, even if the regiment of volunteers should not be authorized.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort McHenry, Md. January 28, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS.

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The two batteries of my command are equipped and ready for service. FOrt McHenry is still indefensible. The artillery carriages and a great part of the stores required not having been received, their early reception is very desirable. I respectfully remark that, in case of further trouble Fort Carroll, if seized, as other Southern forts have been, would give us much trouble. Some thirty or forty guns can be mounted with but little labor to the Engineers. There are no quarters at the fort, but some shanties there would serve for temporary occupancy. Would it not be desirable to mount some half-dozen guns, and to garrison it temporarily with a small detachment?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding.

[2.]

NAVY DEPARTMENT

January 28, 1861

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith for your information a copy of a letter addressed to the Department on the 18th instant by the commandant of the Marine Corps, and also a copy of the report of Captain Taylor that accompanied it, in relation to the condition of Fort Washington, &c.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. TOUCEY

