
RICHMOND CITY, VA., February 25, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The convention now in session in this city, representing the people of Virginia, on the 23rd instant adopted the following resolution, viz:

That a select committee of five be appointed, with instructions to inquire and report as practicable whether any movement of arms or men has been made by the General Government to any fort or arsenal in or bordering upon Virginia, indicating a preparation for attack or coercion.

The comittee appointed in pursuance of the foregoing resolution, in order to facilitate the discharge of the duty imposed on them, respectfully request that you will furnish, in aid of their investigation, such information as may be in possession of you Department, and which may not be deemed to be incompatible with official propriety and the public service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. TREDWAY,

Chairman of the Committee

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 27, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM M. TREDWAY,

Chairman of Committee, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to your note of yesterday [25th instant,] communicating a resolution of the convention of the State of Virginia, directing an inquiry whether "any movement of arms or men has been made by the General Government to any fort or arsenal in or bordering upon Virginia, indicating a preparation for attack or coercion," I have the honor to state that no such movement has taken place nor has any such been contemplated. Within the period supposed to be referred to there has been no increase of the public arms in the arsenal in Virginia nor any transfer of them from one point to another in the State, except 100 muskets sent from Harper's Ferry to Fort Monroe to supply a deficiency. Some months ago a company of recruits was ordered from Carlisle Barracks to Harper's Ferry for the protection of the establishment against an apprehended attack from disorderly persons upon the request of Major Barbour, the superintendent. Some weeks since a company of troops was withdrawn from Fort Monroe with a view of re-enforcing a Southern fort, but not for any purpose of attack or coercion. These are the only movements of troops which have taken place in Virginia within the last twelve months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

[2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION. Numbers 61. Washington, D. C., March 2, 1861

As precautionary measures, the guards of all the stations will to-morrow evening at sunset be doubled; the horses of the batteries will be kept during the night harnessed and those of the dragoons saddled.

