
The officers will not leave their respective commands, and the enlisted soldiers willb e in readiens sto ac t at a moment's warning. patrols from the dragoons and the West Point Battery guards will be sent out every hour during the night- the former to visit the different stables, and the latter to go around Judiciary Square, both examining the streets in the neighborhood but without entering them; one-third of the West Point company, besides the guard, will pass the night att he stables. The signals from Griffin's battery, in case of an alarm from that quarter will be fire-balls.

By order of Colonel Brown:

THOS. C. SULLIVAN,

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, and Adjutant.

[2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION. Numbers 62. Washington City, D. C., March 2, 1861.

By command of the General-in-Chief, the following disposition of the troops of the battalion and of the West Point detachment of sapperse and miners will be made on the 4th instant:

I. The detachment of dragoons and of sappers and miners will join in the procession. The former will lead the escort and the latter immediately precede the flag which is carried in front of the President.

II. Barry's battery will at 10 o'clock take post in the immediate vicinity of the quarters of Haskin's company on B street. Griffin's battery will take post in line immediately in front of the City Hall at 10 o'clock or as soon as the street is vacated. Fry's battery will at the same hour take post in line on G street, its head resting on Fifteenth Brooks', Fry's battery; and will be placed in their immediate vicinity. In case of alarm these companies will proceed at once to the scene of action except Elzey's company, which will remain as a guard of the Treasury building, and the dragoons will proceed without delay to support Griffin's and two volunteer mounted companies, to be designated by Major-General Weightman, to support Barry's and Fry's batteries.

By order of Colonel Brown:

THOS. C. SULLIVAN.

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, Adjutant.

[2.]
HDQRS. RECRUITING SERVICE, EASTERN DEPARTMENT,Fort Columbus, N. Y., March 5, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER.

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL; The public authorities sent one of their members yesterday to inform the commanding officer of this post that there were rumors that certain parties in the city threatened to take possession of the public property in this harbor. Though I do not believe that any attempt will be made to execute such a threat, we are in times when men are governed by passion rather than reason. I have thought it advisable to send a command to Fort Wood, Bedloe's Island.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Major Eighth Infantry, Superintendent Eastern Department.

[2.]

