
should occur to make it necessary to make the requisition you intimate, it will be promptly complied with.

I am, sir, with great respect,

SIMON CAMERON.

[2.]

HOUSE OF DELEGATES, VIRGINIA,

March 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War;

SIR; I came in possession to-day of information from a respectable source which my duty as a good citizen constrains me to disclose to the Federal authorities. It is this: That the transfer of cannon from Belona Arsenal-Dr. J. J. Archer-to Fort Monroe will be resisted by force. I am informed that the arrangements are already made in detail. My informant is a gentleman of character, formerly an officer of the Navy, and I think an intimate friend of Doctor Archer. The perpetration of such an outrage by any portion of the people of Virginia seems almost beyond the reach of supposition, but as the times are revolutionary and madness rules the hour to a great degree, and as I derive my information from a credible source, I regard it proper to communicate the facts for the consideration of your Department. I am the more inclined to make the communication from the fact, well known to me and others, that the secessionists and disunionists of this State are exceedingly anxious for an opportunity for collision between the people of the State and the agents of the Federal Government. They are absolutely agog for it. No matter what the form, so collision can take place and force be used or blood spilt it is all they require. Now, this class may find in this little matter the means of accomplishing their mistaken schemes, for the work of violence once begun no one can say, in the present excited state of the public mind, where it will end. You can regard this communication as public or private at your option. I would prefer that it be admonitory and private, for the disclosure of my name in connection with the matter would subject me to great odium with a powerful class and to relentless persecution.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. SEGAR.

[Indorsement.]

A contract for fifty pieces of heavy ordnance was made with Doctor Archer, a citizen of Virginia, who has a foundry twenty miles up the river from Richmond. For Doctor Archer's accommodation thirty pieces were inspected and paid for between November, 1859, and November, 1860, while they still remain at Bellona. Recently the other twenty pieces have been inspected at the foundry, and Doctor Archer has drawn for $3,000, which the Chief of Ordnance refuses tguns are delivered at Richmond according to contract. Thus thirty pieces paid for before the contract was completed remain at Bellona, and twenty pieces not paid for should not be paid for till the Virginians deliver them.

E. D. K[EYES],

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

[2.]

