
HOUSE OF DELEGATES,

Richmond, Va., March 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

DEAR SIR: I have this moment learned that orders have been issued from your Department to have certain ordnance stores prepared for the General Government at Bellona Arsenal removed to Fort Monroe. I happened a few moments since to be present at an interview between an influential and prominent member of our Legislature and Governor Letcher, in which the former said to the Governor he had heard that such orders had been issued, and that he (the Governor) had stated he would order out the State Guard to insure them an uninterrupted passage through the city to Fort Monroe. Governor Letcher replied the rumor was entirely false; that he had made no such declaration. The other said if it was so he was authorized to say that in a few moments he would have at his command more than 2,000 volunteer troops that would resist to the death any attempt to send them to that point. Now, sir, my object in addressing you this communication is this: I am perfectly satisfied that there is a fixed and settled determination on the part of the extremists or secession party here to precipitate revolution, spill blood, even, in the slightest imaginable way, and they will rejoice at any such opportunity as this. Let me implore you, as you desire to avoid this, the last and most to be dreaded and fearful issued, to countermand such an order. It is just what this party is praying for, and to succeed in their wishes will precipitate Virginia into immediate secession, or what is worse, into revolution and internal strife. I know what I speak when I repeat to you this will be the immediate consequence of the attempt to execute your orders. You may perhaps not remember me personally. I am a member of the House of Delegates; was on one occasion introduced to you in the Senate Chamber; know General Scott personally. And although I would prefer you would regard this communication as confidential, yet you are at lias you please.

With sentiments of respect, truly, yours,

J. M. McCUE,

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 55 3/4. Washington, D. C. April 3, 1861.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel John B. Magruder captain, First Artillery is assigned to the command of the troops temporarily on duty in this city.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BATTALION. Numbers 107. Washington City, D. C., April 4, 1861.

I. In obedience to instructions from the General-in-Chief, Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel John B. Magruder hereby assumes command of the troops on duty in Washington City.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel Magruder:

THOS. C. SULLIVAN,

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, Adjutant.

[2.]

