
took it by themselves. Third. Captain Balbach's company falling below the minimum, and the captain assuring me he could readily have them by to-morrow, when he would have time to notify al of its members, I dismissed the company till the next morning. Fourth. Captain Towers' company offered itself with 5 sergeants, 4 corporals, and 50 privates. It was inspected, and would have been accepted, but when the oath came to be administered one sergeant, one corporal and fourteen privates declined to take it. One private reconsidered his course and was sworn in. The company now was under the minimum of forty-two privates, but as it only required five, and the officers assured me that number could easily be obtained in the morning, I deferred finaly action in the case till that time. The squad of non-jurors were marched off by themselves to deposit their arms in the armory. Fifth. Captain McKenney's company offered itself with 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, 4 sergeants 3 corporals, 2 musicians, and 44 privates. One sergeant and fifteen privates refusing to take the oath, and the company being below the minimum, and being assured a sufficient number could be produced, I deferred final action in the case till the next day. I requested that the non-jurors might not be put back into the ranks, but marked away separately. Sixth. Captain Goddard's comany was the next and last. In this case I commenced by applying the text of the oath and found, as in the other companies-but fewer than the last two I had seen-some who declined to take it. I then directed all who so declined to take their places on the left of the company. Several said they could not on account of their business which was the support of their families, be mustered into service, but were entirely willing to take the oath, and did not want to be in the company of those who refused. I explained the object of their being mustered into service, the intention of the General-in-Chief, who had fully appreciated this question, of keeping not more than one-third of the company embodied during the day, requiring it only to be together from 9 o'clock at night till morning. I then had those whose business would not permit them (under the above explanation) to serve, to take their places on the right, and those who refused the oath to bear true allegiance to the United States of America, and obey the orders of the President, &amp;c., to stand on the left. This left those in the company too few in number to be accepted, and I dismissed it till it should be able to complete its organization. I was assured that the men of the companies had every appeal made to them by the crowd with which they were surrounded not to take the oath. I endeavored to have the inclosure in front of the War Department, kept clear, but was not able. The duty was much interfered with by the crowd, among whom I was told were a large number who were inimical to the Government. I reported the above verbally to the General-in-Chief last night who directed me to make this written report. It remains to be whether it will be spread among the others or will rouse a contrary spirit and bring forward the loyal.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 102. Washington, April 11, 1861.

1. The ten companies of militia called out and mustered into the service of the United States in obedience to orders from the President,

