
dated War Department, April 9, 1861, will be placed under the command of Bvt. Colonel C. F. Smith. commanding Department, of Washington.

* * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TROOPS IN WASHINGTON, D. C., Numbers 119. April 11, 1861.

I. Captain W. T. Magruder commanding detachment mounted recruits, will post picket guards, consisting each of one non-commissioned officer and three privates, at the following points, viz: Head of Long Bridge foot Fourteenth street; head of new aqueduct bridge across Rock Creek; out Pennsylvania avenue at the toll-gate, situated at the junction of the road leading to the northern bridge of the Eastern Branch of Potomac and Baltimore turnpike, and at the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Depot. The picket guard at new aqueduct bridge will also guard as much as possible the bridge[s] above and below them.

II. Captain Carlisle commanding Company E, will detail from his company one sergeant, one corporal, and nine privates as a guard for the President's Mansion, to be posted nightly at 9 p. M. and relieved at surprise.

By order of Colonel Smith:

THOS. C. SULLIVAN.

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, Adjutant

[2.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: Yesterday I mustered into the service the following companies of militia; Captain Towers', aggregate 54; Captain Kelly's aggregate 60; Captain Nally's aggregate 68; Captain Balbach's aggregate 64; Captain Gerhard's, aggregate 74; Captain Thistleton's, aggregate 67; Captain McKim's, aggregate 72; Captain Rutherford's aggregate 52.

Mustered in on the 10th Captain Carrington's, 96. Mustered in on the 12th (to-day) detachments of Captains Towers' and Rutherford's companies, 10. Total, 617. Of the above, Captain Towers' and Balback's companies were two of those who were offered on the 10th, they both having completed their organization since them. No objections were made yesterday by any one to taking the oath.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,IRVIN McDOWELL

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, April 13, 1861

Major General R. C. WEIGHTMAN,

Commanding Militia of the District of Columbia, Washington:

SIR: Under the twenty-fourth section of the act approved March 3, 1803, the President desires that you call out, to be mustered into the

