
at the disposal or subject to the order of John R. Kenly, esq., assistant adjutant-general of this State, such number of arms as may be required for arming four regiments of militia for the service of the United States and the Federal Government.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 17, 1861.

Major General C. W. SANDFORD.

New York City:

Send to this place the Seventh Regiment by rail. See quartermaster, Numbers 6. State street, for transportation, and telegraph me the hour of departure from New York.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, Apri 17, 1861.

J. EDGAR THOMSON.

Philadelphia:

DEAR SIR: The Government will require the use, to some extent, of the Pennsylvania Railroad, the Baltimore and Ohio Road, and their connections for the transportation of troops and munitions of war for some time, and it is the wish of this Depratemnt that you shall take charge of the arrangements necessary to the speedy and correct conduct of the business. Will you oblige me by seeing and arranging with the presidents of the other roads named?

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

[2.]

COLEMAN'S EUTAW HOUSE.

Baltimore, April 17, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I stopped here to see Mr. Garrett about the transportation of troops from this [city] to Washington. He says that he is prepared to transport all that will come to Baltimore, and as fast as they will arrive. He will be unable to carry any from Parkersburg or Wheeling. Any sent from the West will have to come via Harrisburg. We will provide the necessary transportation for them, if duly advised. If you will keep me daily advised at Philadelphia of all troops to be moved from the different points, arrangements will be made for transporting them with dispatch and economy. The secession feeling here is quite strong, and fears are entertained that the succession of Virginia will carry Maryland with her.

Yours, truly,

J. EDGAR THOMSON.

[2.]

