
quota of men on your requisition, on the ground that there is no militia law in operation in this State. Nevertheless volunteers are enrolling at Wilmington, several companies, but have no arms or equipments of any kind, all the arms, &amp;c., belonging to the State being in the hands of the Governor's friends and not in the possession of Union men. To issued more arms to the State in the regular way would be of no use except to strengthen the party which holds the State arms now. It is important that the volunteers who are willing to enroll themselves should have the assurance of being equipped and armed, or they will become discouraged and, however willing to serve their country, they cannot do so without the necessary accouterments, &c. Could not arms, &c., be issued to three companies from the Frankford Arsenal as soon as each reports its complement full? I will remark that the gunpowder mills in this neighborhood, of which I am at the head, are of importance to the Government in these times, from their extent and immense facilities of production. They are wholly unprotected and there is not a musket or rilfe in the place; but we have over 300 good men, true, and loyal, and if we could get some 200 or 300 stand of arms from Frankford Arsenal and accouterments, if there, we could take care of ourselves for the present, as far as mobs and disaffected persons are concerned. If the arms are to be had it would be prudent to have them soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY DU PONT.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 12. Washington, D. C. April 19, 1861.

Colonel Charles P. Stone, commanding District of Columbia Volunteers, will immediately detail a company to proceed to the landing-place in Washington of the Aquia Creek steamers, with orders for its commanding officer to report in person for further instruction to Major J. C. Pemberton, Fourth Artillery, U. S. Army, who will be found at that place.

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 5. Washington, D. C., April 20, 1861

Bvt. Major James Belger, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, having reported for duty in accordance with instructions from the War Department, he is hereby announced as chief of the quartermaster's department at these headquarters.

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 6. Washington, D. C., April 20, 1861

Surg. C. H. Laub, medical staff, having reported for duty in conformity with Special Orders, Numbers 110, current series, from War Department,

