
succeeded in rallying all of the men except two officers (Captain Goddin and First Lieutenant Taylor). Captains Sinclair, Company A; Garret, Company F; Reeves, Company E, and First lieutenant Dughtie, Company H, did not retreat, but behaved well throughout the whole days' duty. Captain Brookfield's company (D) started to retreat, but were immediately rallied by him. THE disgraceful conduct of those who retreated I cannot account for. There was no cause for it. I attribute the blame to the officers concerned in it, and not the men. I received an order to send out four companies as skirmishers, and with the others to hold myself in readiness to charge the enemy's battery, with an order ou when ready, and await further orders. I replied that I was ready, but received afterward an order to recross the creek to my position in the morning. I was ready, to receive afterward an order to recross the creek to my position in the morning. I returned to that position and my men were fired upon by the enemy's scouting parties. Their fire was returned, resulting in the killing of four or five of their men. The names of the killed and wounded of my battalion in the morning were; private James Manning, Company C, killed; Private Wiley Garner, Company C, wounded slightly; Private Richardson, Company C, wounded slightly; Corporal Wiggins, Company G, wounded slightly. It may be proper for me to add that I had but little assistance in controlling the movement of my battalion, which has had no drilling, I being the only field officer present for duty, and head adjutant being absent. I beg leave to call your attention to the services of Rev. James Sinclair, the chaplain of the regiment, who acted as a field officer and rendered me all the assistance in his power.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. P. JONES,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifth Infty. North Carolina State Troops,

Commanding Regiment for July 21, 1861

Brigadier- General Longstreet,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

[2.]

Report of Colonel Montgomery D. Corse, Seventeenth Virginia Infantry, of action at Blackburn's Ford, July 18.

BULL RUN, July 19, 1861

GENERAL: I beg leave respectfully to report the operations of the Seventeenth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers on the 18th of July:

In pursuance of your orders the rifle companies (B and H), commanded by Captains Simpson and Herbert, were deployed as skirmishers along the right bank of BULL Run above Blackburn's Ford, whilst Companies A and G, commanded by Captains Marye and Townson, were posted at the ford. Companies E and K, under Captains Devaughn and Shackelford, were detached and posted low down the run on the right of the First Regiment of Virginia Volunteers. Abut 1 p. m. the enemy appeared in considerable force on the opposite bank and opened a severe and continuous fire upon the First and Seventeenth Regiments. At this moment the remaining companies of the regiment were marched to the run, and responded lively and gallantly to the enemy's fire. Company A, Captain Marye, was then ordered to cross the run and deploy as skirmishers on the opposite bank. Company C, Captain Head, and Company F, Captain Hamilton, were subsequently ordered to cross also and sustain this movement. THE three

3 R R- VOL LI, PT I

