
Adjutant-General's Office, he is hereby announced as medical director and purveyor for the troops (regulars and militia) serving in this department.

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, April 21, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: This Department needs at this moment a man of great energy and decision, with experience as a railroad officer, to keep open and work the Northern Central road from Harrisburg to Baltimore for the purpose of bringing men and munitions to this point. you are to my mind the proper man for this occasion and this duty. Will you report to me to-morrow morning?

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 16. Washington, D. C., April 21, 1861.

In obedience to the instructions of the General-in-Chief the colonel commanding directs that the commanding officer in charge of the guard on the four steamers, Baltimore, Mount Vernon, Philadelphia and Powhatan will get up steam on these boats immediately and convey them to the Washington Navy-Yard without delay, and on his arrivall there he will report to the commanding officer of the navy-yard for an armament. These orders will be carried out in the most expeditions manner possible. The troops will remain on board the steamers until further orders.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

HARRISBURG, April 21, 1861

General PATTERSON.

Philadelphia:

We have reason to believe the Delaware and Raritan Canal and the Philadelphia, wilmington and Baltimore Railroad between the city of Philadelphia and the Chesapeake Bay may be interfered with or destroyed. They are both of great importance to the Government and as commander-in-chief of Pennsylvania, I command you to send adequate forces there to protect them. Do it before sundown. We can send you 1,000 men from here. Answer immediately if men are wanted.

A. G. CURTIN.

[2.]

