
PHILADELPHIA, April 21, 1861.

Governor CURTIN:

It is impossible to obey your order with reference to the Delaware and Chesapeake Canal and carry out at the same time the previous orders of General Scott. He has given me specific orders, and it is due to him as well as myself that I should be permitted to carry them out as well as the means at my command will permit. One thousand men would be very acceptable if they are in condition to take and keep the field. If not they would be an incumbrance.

R. PATTERSON.

[2.]

HARRISBURG, Aparil 22, 1861.

General PATTERSON,

Philadelphia:

The military route via Northern Central Railroad to Washington has been abandoned by orders from the War Department. We shall therefore withdraw our forces and send them to Philadelphia. Can send you three or four regiments this evening, and by morning may have three regiments back from Maryland, all of which are ordered by Philadelphia. Shall we send them to you? Please advise promptly. In addition to our own forces we will send Major Sherman with his battery and men to Philadelphia. They will leave here about 12 o'clock, noon. The ammunition ordered for him should be kept in Philadelphia and be given to him there if you want him for active service .

A. G. CURTIN.

[2.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS. Numbers 7. Philadelphia, April 22, 1861

I. In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 3., from the Headquarters of the Army, Washington, dated 19th instant,* Major-General Patterson assumes command of the Military Department of Washington, which "is extended so as to include, in addition to the District of Columbia and Maryland, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania."

II. Commanders of troops entering the department from the east, north, or west, will, on arrival, report for instructions.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Hale, quartermaster-general of Pennsylvania, will be prepared to furnish cooked rations for three days to the troops of any State on their way to Washington.

IV. The troopos ordered into service will not cease to remember that they are marching over their own land, owned and occupied by their kinsmen and countrymen; and while the major-general expects every man under his command to do his duty loyally and faithfully, and is confident he will do so, he also expects and requires that no trespass will be committed. The lives and property of our fellow-citizens of every shade of political feeling must be held sacred and protected. Peaceable citizens must not be disturbed in their occupations.

V. The major-general desires it known to all troops under his authority that while protection will be afforded to all peaceable citizens, those who are not peaceable or who are disposed to resist the authority of our Governmetn, must be punished. Commanders of corps

*

---------------

See VOL. II, p. 579.

---------------

