
will be on the alert to repel attack, and will shoot down without hesitation any man or party of men caught in the act of arson, or in any attempt to interrupt our line of communication.

VI. The troops en route will, whether in cars, vessels, or quarters, take the utmost care of their arms and ammunition; arms always carefully loaded, kept duty and fit for instant action. The ammunition must be carefully husbanded, and not one round wasted.

By command of Major-General Patterson:

R. BUTLER PRICE.

Assistant Adjutant-General

[2.]

OFFICE SECRETARY OF THE COMMONWEALTH,

Harrisburg, Pa., April 23, 1861

[SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:]

MY DEAR GENERLA: I received your letter yesterday evening on arrival of Palmer. I am here as a sworn officer and special aide of the Governor, in charge of the movement of forces and other general duties at headquarters. Having control of railroads and telegraphs, he believes it improper to grant leave to join you. I am and can be of much service to him, but am perfectly willing to go anywhere and do anything that is possible for a man of my caliber to do in aid of our country. I am quietly organizing an efficient roadway and motive-power force, andif positively commanded to go to Washington to conduct transportation arrangements I will go. We are now getting matters in shape, and I hope to obtain leave under positive order from you. The enthusiasm and patriotism of our people exceeds all that the most sanguine patriot could wish. We have now 20,000 on hand and coming, and are obliged to refuse them by regiments. In ten days 50,000 Pennsylvania could be under arms if equipments could be furnished by Government. Secure the road between Annapolis and Washington. I will come and manage it for you if so directed. The bearer of this, Doctor Verdi, of Baltimore wants position as surgeon in the Army. Appoint him. He is a son-in-law of your friend Doctor Denny, cashier Merchants and Mechanics' Bank, Pittsburg. He is faithful and worthy.

Yours, very truly,

THOMAS A. SCOUT.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 19. Washington, D. C., April 23, 1861.

I. Brevet Major Pemberton's company (F), Fourth Regiment of Artillery, will relieve Captain King's company (I), First Regiment Infantry, stationed at the Washington Arsenal.

II. Company I, First Infantry, on being relieved by Company F, Fourth Artillery, will take post at the quarters on E street vacated by Company F, Fourth Artillery.

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

