
his present force as sufficient for the defense of Fort Delaware, and I have detailed 100 men from the home guard of this city to be placed under his command.

R. PATTERSON.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 25, 1861.

S. M. FELTON, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 24th instant is received, and I hasten to express to you my thanks for your energetic, patriotic, and prompt conduct, in connection with Thomson and Sanford, in pushing forward men and supplies for the defense of the capital. Let me assure you that this Department has the highest appreciation of your meritorious conduct, and that the Government will assume fully the pecuniary responsibility which you may have incurred.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

[2.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON.

Philadelphia, April 26, 1861

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN.

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: I feel it my duty to express to you my clear and decided opinion that the force at the disposal of this department shall be increased without delay. I therefore have to request Your Excellency to direct that twenty-four additional regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry be called forthwith to be mustered into the service of the United States. Officers will be detailed to inspect and muster the men into service as soon as I am informed of the points of the rendezvous which may be designated by Your Excellency.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. PATTERSON,.

Major-General.

[2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Providence, R. I., april 26, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by the orders of Governor Sprague, issued before he left for Washington a company of 78 men, rank and file, with 4 officers have been sent to Fort Adams for its defense, and that they are subject to the orderse of the Government of this State. A letter from Adjutant-General Mauran has been sent to the sergeant in command at the fort, informing him that such a company would be sent, with a request that he would receive them.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

John R. BARTLETT

Secretary of State and Acting Governor

[2.]

