HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 27, 1861.

The undersigned, General-in-Chief, of the Army, has received from the President of the United States the following communication:

COMMANDING GENERAL ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES:

You are engaged in repressing an insurrection against the laws of the United States. If at any point on or in the vicinity of the military line which is now used between the city of Philadelphia, via Perryville, Annapolis City, and Annapolis Junction, you find resistance which renders it necessary to suspend the writ of habeas corpus for the public safety, you personally, or through the officer in command at the point where resistance occurs, are authorized to suspend that writ.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

In accordance with the foregoing warrant, the undersigned devolves on Major-General Patterson, commanding the Department of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland; Brigadier-General Butler, commanding the Department of Annapolis, and Colonel Mansfield, commanding the Washington Department, a like authority, each within the limitse of his command to execute in all proper cases the instructions of the President.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 32. Washington, D. C., April 27, 1861.

I. The Seventy-first Regiment of New York Volunteers will take post at 3 p. M. this day at the U. S. navy-yard to act as a guard for the protection of the public property at that point. On his arrival there the commanding officer of the Seventy-first Regiment New York Volunteers will report to the commandant of the navy-yard, from whom he will receive the necessary instructions to carry out the purpose above indicated.

II. The companies of District of Columbia volunteers now on duty at the navy-yard will, on being relieved by the Seventy-first Regiment New York Volunteers, immediately return to their respective rendezvous.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Smith:

THEO. TALBOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio April 27, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War;

DEAR SIR: I write to call you special attention to a communication this day addressed to General Scott by General G. B. McClellan, major-general of the Ohio contingent.* In it a plan of operations is marked out which meets my approval as a matter of policy for the State, and, so far as I can judge, it has the merit of feasibility if preparation is made with vigor. I hope you will give this subject your early attention, and that we may soon have full communication from you in regard to it.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

W. DENNISON.

Governor of Ohio.

[2.]

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

22 R R-VOL LI, PT I

