
companies promptly executed these orders, and after bravely driving the enemy through the woods back to their main body retired, bringing their own wounded and seven prisoners. Some fifteen or more of the enemy were killed, and many wounded. it affords me much gratification to remark upon the coolness and bravery manifested by both officers and men under my command. Particularly I must speak of the gallant conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Munford, Major Brent, Adjutant P Humphreys, Captain Marye, and Captain Head, who were actively and fearlessly employed during the engagement at the points where the fire was hottest. I must also mention Surgeon Lewis and Assistant Surgeon Showmen, who were untiring in their efforts to relieve the wounded, regardless of their personal safety. I regret to add that Captains Dulany's and Pressman were severely wounded whilst at the head of their companeis. Captain Shackelford, commanding Company K, and Lieutenant Javisn, of COMPANY E, were slightly wounded. Private Thomas R. Sangster, Company A, was killed and four privates severely and six slightly wounded. I herewith return a full list of casualties.*

Your obedient servant,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Brigadier-General LONGSTREET,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, C. S. Army.

[2.]

Reports of Colonel William N. Pendleton, C. S. Army, commanding artillery, of the battle of Bull Run.

NEAR MANASSAS, July 23, 1861

GENERAL: As directed I report concerning the batteries under my command- those of Captain Alburtis, Captain Stanard, and the Rockbridge Artillery- that they arrived from Winchester at Manassas Junction about 2 o'clock on Saturday, 20th instant, and were assigned position for rest under shelter of some woods near the center of the line of defenses; that early on the morning of Sunday, 21st, Captain Stanard's battery, having a rifled gun, was assigned for immediate service to General Jackson's brigade, and advanced under my guidance with a portion of the Washington Artillery from New Orleans, under major Walton, and with one of the guns of the Rockbridge Artillery by General Jackson's special request, toward the scene of acting then beginning on our left. while thus advancing my own course was changed by an order from the adjutant-general directing me to take the batteries under my command from the forward and exposed situation where they had rested to a better place farther back, and to await orders in readiness to move on notice into action. I accordingly conducted by a route indicated the remaining guns of the Rockbridge Artillery and Captain Alburtis' battery to a point between army headquarters and the field, and there halting reported in person for orders. Agin directed to await in readiness, I did so until yourself rapidly passing gave the word, and by your order we hastened to the scene and arrived in proper place about 12 m. In the midst of action- raging with great severity- our position was skillfully adjusted by General Jackson. Bing promptly arranged, these batteries all opened upon the enemy a well directed and most effective fire. By this timely and telling attack, continued perhaps an hour or more, the batteries of the

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed, 4 offices and 10 men wounded.

---------------

