
quartermaster's department at these headquarters. Second Lieutenant E. E. Camp, Ninth Infantry, and Second Lieutenant E. Ross, Seventh Infantry, are appointed acting assistant quartermasters, and will report for orders to Captain and Brevet Major Rucker.

By order of Colonel Mansfield:

THEO. TALBOT.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 29, 1861.

Honorable JOHN R. BARTLETT,

Acting Governor of Rhode Island:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant, and to inform you that the U. S. Naval School at Annapolis will be transferred to Fort Adams and be taken possession of soon for that purpose.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 30, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

Ohio Volunteers, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant to Lieutenant-General Scott, and am directed by him to say in reply that he is greatly pleased you are to occupy the high and responsible position of commanding general of the Ohio Volunteers. There is danger from the eager, patriotic spirit of the North that we shall have more troops than are required. To guard against unnecessary loss of time and means of the part of volunteers, it is essential required from the several STates by the War Department and be filled strictly under the Governor's directions. You will fully realize, without further hint, the importance of organizing, equipping, and disciplining the troops as far as possible before sendig them forward. The various military staff departments will spare no pains in preparing and forwarding arms, ammunition, camp equipage, clothing, &amp;c., for the authorized quotas; but you will perceive how important it is that all this should be done under such directions as shall prevent waste and misapplication. Such directions have been given in full. The general desires to keep the arms of the best class for troops who will be calle dintos ervcie for longer terms than the present volunteers. The former will otherwise be inefficiently provided when authorized to be employed. The heavy guns and light battery will be ordered to be sent you at Cincinnati. The general very much regrets it will not be possible to place at your disposal the officers for whom you ask, except possible to place at your disposal the officers for whom you ask, except an officer of Topographical Engineers and of the Medical Department. The very large number of resignations just in an emergency, when

