
place between Northern troops and an excited mob of the city; but I was assured that if U. S. troops-those of the Regular Army-preceded the State troops, and an officer of the Regular Army supervised the movement through the city, every effort would be made, and they hoped with success, to prevent trouble in Baltimore. I was promised to be kept informed of what was taking place in the city, so as best to govern my course for a peaceable execution of my mission. Some of these persons, whose names were given me in confidence by the General-in-Chief, were very much opposed to the passage of State troops through the city. They would not see or admit that when sworn into the service of the United States, they were no longer State troops but U. S. troops or militia in the service of the Government. But all assured me of earnest co-operation in the effort to preserve peace. I had ample evidence of their sincerity before my labors were put an end to. My reception in Baltimore, more in detail than the above, I reported that evening in writing to General Scott, and sent my letter by private hands.

On arrival the next morning in Harrisburg I sought Governor Curtin and informed him of the earnest desire of the Secretary of War and of General Scott to have the Pennsylvania troops forwarded to Washington and the Northern Central Railroad protected, and that I was there to receive the troops and give all necessary assistance to hasten their movements. I had every assurance from Governor Curtin of hearty co-operation, and every effort in his power was exerted to expedite the turning over the troops and to aid the objects of my mission. I also came into close relations with Mr. Thomas A. Scott and Mr. J. D. Cameron, general managers, respectively of the Pennsylvania Central and of the Northern Central Railroads each of whom threw open to my service their telegraph wires and the facilities of their roads. I was in hourly communication with these gentlemen during my stay in Harrisburg and received from them every assistance of advice and of position that intelligent, experienced, and earnest natures could give. That day (19th) the reports arrived of collision between the mob of Baltimore and the troops, and the following day I heard of the destruction of bridges on the Northern Central Railroad. An officer of the Army had been detailed to muster into service the regiments as fast as offered, but on the part of the State authorities nothing had been done other than to call volunteers to the capital. The disturbances in Baltimore excited every one to activity. In large numbers men rushed into the city seeking service and eager to be enrolled. Within three days some 4,000 men, fully organized, were reported to me read for service. On my arrival at Harrisburg I called in the name of the Secretary of War Upon Major Pike Graham, commanding Carlisle Barracks, to hasten the organization of the four companies of cavalry under Major George H. Thomas and to hold them ready for sudden call to Washington in company with the volunteers and on hearing of the riots in Baltimore I gave orders for these troops to be sent to Harrisburg and had cars sent to Carlisle to receive them when prepared. The absence of arms, ammunition, and equipments of all kinds could not have been worse had it been premiditated. The State had no arms whatever or equipments even for cooking purposes, and the troops at Carlisle were as deficient, and I had to use the names of the Secretary of War and of the General-in-Chief to procure supplies from the arsenals at Governor's Island, Frankford, and Pittsburg, and of the quartermaster's department at Philadelphia and I had to resort to extraordinary expedients of hotels and restaurants to feed the men till the commissary department could be organized.

