
CARLISLE BARRACKS, April 22, 1861.

Major [PORTER:]

I have the honor to state in regard to the detachment which will leave here in about an hour to report to Major Thomas, at Harrisburg, that they are by no means well instucted. They have been too short a time at the depot for them to be well drilled. You said nothing about sending an officer with the detachment. I send Lieutenant Jones in command of it. If he is not absolutely required I should like him sent back, as I have not enough officers at the post to perform the necessary harrison duties. I send with Lieutenant Jones' command only one box of cartridges. It is all I can possibly give them. I will them have left at this post only 1,000 cartridges. The ordinary musket cartridge, however, can be used for this arm. Will you have some ammunition sent here as soon as possible; also the rifles. I sent you a requisition by Major Thomas. I will have very few arms left when this party goes off. I had to arm nearly all of the Second Cavalry companies that were here, and issued them over 16,000 cartridges. Before these issues were made there was not more ordnance stores than was required at the depot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. GRAHAM,

Major, Second Dragons.

HARRISBURG, April 21, 1861.

Major THOMAS,

York:

I have seen orders from you to move. I will give you, and collect where you may say, everything you wish. Horses are being purchased here. Reply by telegraph.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORK, April 21, 1861.

Colonel F. J. PORTER:

I prefer to organize at Carlisle Barracks, as horses, &amp;c., can be collected there much easier than here. A train is to be here by 6 a. m. to-morrow to take my command to Carlisle. Answer if you receive this.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major, Second Cavalry.

(Received 3.05. p. m.)

Major PORTER:

I have received this from Major Thomas:

YORK, April 24.

Colonel A. PORTER:

Send me a train of twelve cars by 6 a. m. to-morrow, and I will return to Carlisle to receive the horses, arms, &c., and be making the necessary preparations spoken of between us last night.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major, Second Cavalry.

A. PORTER.

