
APRIL 24.

Colonel SCOTT:

A beared of dispatches just in from Washington says provisions are abundant for troops at present and that re-enforcements will soon reach the city. Major Thomas wishes the companies of his regiments sent to Carlisle. They can be quickly remounted there. I urge it for other reasons I cannot give here. I go to Washington at 8 a. m. to-morrow.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORK, April 24, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER:

Can officer be sent here from Harrisburg to muster in the volunteers? I have been so busy that I could not attend to it.

GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Major.

Major THOMAS:

Your request is with Colonel Scott - urged by me. Captain Hastings will muster the troops at York. I leave at 8 a. m. to-morrow for Washington; also Colonel P[orter]. Get here before that.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., April 24, 1861-3.30 p. m.

Captain BRACKETT,

Second Cavalry, U. S. Army, Coverly's Hotel:

CAPTAIN: Horses are being purchased for the use of your four companies (Major Thomas commanding). The contractor is Mr. Colder. I inclose the terms, &amp;c., which you will on the arrival of Major Thomas turn over to him. Until that time you will inspect such as may be presented to you by Mr. Colder, and say whether, in your opinion, they will answer. If so, they will at once be branded "U. S." on whatever part of the horses is customary in your regiment, and be considered as purchased for the Second Cavalry. It perhaps will be better, as the 405 horses are to be furnished in three or four days, not tobe too critical, confirning yourself to the fact of their being serviceable.

By order:

A. PORTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

[APRIL] 24, [1861.]

Major PORTER:

Send and officer to York to muster companies into service. Major Thomas informs [me] he is ordered to Carlisle and cannot do it.

A. G. CURTIN.

Colonel SCOTT:

Send 700 cavalry arms and equipments and munitions immediately to commanding officer Carlisle Barracks. I sent you a requisition yesterday. Do not wat for it.

