
become greatly crippled, an advance was attempted by him to carry our batteries. Under cover of the brushwood on our left, and because they could not be distinguished from our own men, so that our fire was for from the, they succeeded ingetting very near us on the left. At this moment the infantry in the rear, acting as our support, rushed forward with charged bayonets and a close contest ensued almost in our midst of ball and bayonet. From this melee it became necessary for us promptly to withdraw. The pieces were therefore limbered and removed, a movement which was accomplished in perfect order, the last piece of the Rockbridge Artillery continuing to fire upon the advancing enemy until all the rest had been limbered and were in motion. By the time we had reached the second position, to the right and farther back, the enemy, crippled by our cannon and driven by our gallant infantry, were in full retreat, an the only additional service left for us was to expedite that retreat by sending after our routed invaders a few balls from the guns of longest range. The officers and men of this battery, like all the rest under my observation, behaved with exemplary courage, constancy, and skill. All performed their parts with fidelity and precision, and are entitle to a just measure of honor for their good conduct. Lieutenant Brockenbrough received a slight wound in the face, Corporal Jordan experienced a severe bruise on and temporarily disabling the foot, and Private Singleton was shot by a musket- ball in the arm, the wound being painful and serious, but it is hoped not dangerous. A slight contusion on the hip by a spent ball from the left and a slight graze on the lower tip of the right ear were the only approaches to a wound experienced by myself. We had no piece injured and no horse killed in the entire fight. one or two horses were slightly injured (among them my own) by a flesh shot in the leg, and one or two that had been allowed to infantry officers for use in the action were killed, but there are no other casualties

W. N. PENDLETON,

Colonel, provisional Army, Confederate States, and Acting Captain Rockbridge Artillery.

General T. J. JACKSON,

Commanding First Brigade.

[2.]

AUGUST 20, 1861.- Skirmish at Hawk's Nest, W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel St. George Croghan, First Cavalry, Wise legion.

PICKETTS', August 20, 1861.- 9 a. m.

SIR: I have just had skirmish with the enemy; have taken tow prisoners and killed one, as far as positively known. I have learned every particular in relation to the enemy, and know exactly the numbers and position. Will you permit me to request that with all possible speed you will send me four or five companies of infantry, armed with Harper's Ferry rifles and bayonet muskets. Cavalry are of no use to me, and infantry cannot reach me in time to take advantage of my information unless you will permit your cavalry to be dismounted and mount infantry upon their horses to reach me at this place with speed. If you will do so I will, if I get them in time, march to their rear, and deliver over to you 700 prisoners on your arrival. Every hour is of the greatest moment. If not taken at their present encampment they will retire on your approach and fall back to Gauley, and thus

