
other U. S. volunteers, and is the point of embarkation for Annapolis, to which point (Havre de Grace ferry) the communication is open from here. It is not known or believed here that the stema ferry-boat at Havre de Grace has been injured in any way. New York and Massachusetts troops since last Friday, or, rather, Saturday, embark, from New York for Annapolis. Troops went from here (besides Sherman's battery) this afternoon for Havre de Grace, and are expected to go to-morrow and nex day thence to Annapolis and Washington. Numerous families (ladies and children) have arrived here from Baltimore, leaving their houses open to the public-in other words, moblaboring under the greatest anxiety; Mr. Stevens says as many as 200. If the communication you held this morning to within twelve miles of Baltimore, and but a short distance farther to the post of the Seventh Regiment, is ordered to be abandoned and the troops to fall back to Harrisburg, thus exposing every bridge to be destroyed-if such is ordered I fear we are not under military command; something must be wrong. I would exercise a wise discretion, and consider as to keeping the bridges still guarded, even if I drew Wynkoop's command only to the Pennsylvania line. If the alarm of good citizens, females, and children, be in Baltimore such as may be inferred from Mr. Stevens' statement to me, Governor Hicks will be the first to seek for aid and assistance from General Wynkhoop's command and your line of operations. I can but hope it may be maintained, studiosly carrying out the President's proclamation; but orders to the adjutants-general through the Quartermaster-General is most extraordinary for so remarkable a strategic movement.

Very truly, yours,

RICHARD DELAFIELD,

U. S. Army.

YORK, [April 22, 1861]- 1 a. m.

Major BELGER,

Ashland:

Is it necessary that the volunteers should be removed at once, and why?

[PORTER.]

Major BELGER;

Are any troops to be sent forward?

[PORTER.]

ASHLAND, [April 22.]

Major PORTER, York:

Yes, the Secretary of War directed the volunteers there to be immediately withdrawn to Harrisburg, Pa. Their further disposition I will hereafter advise. The road will have to be protected by regular troops. What force of the latter have you in Harrisburg, or that could be sent here to-day? First, however, start trains to bring back the volunteers immediately. I will telegraph the instructions of the Department in regard to the protection of the road after you have answered me what dispatches to Harrisburg by Mr. Palmer on special train, which left here at 8.30.

BELGER,

Major.

