
Mr. JAMES C. CLARKE,

Superintendent Northern Central Railroad, Ashland:

SIR: As soon as the train arrives with workmen I wish them to go to work repairing the road for the benefit of the United States Government. I shall cause them to be protected to work, and have taken charge of the work for the United States Government.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ASHLAND, April 22, 1861.

Major PORTER:

I will try and do so. I sent to York for some pickles and raw onions. Major Belger is exceedingly impatient to have the trains arrive to take the volunteers back.

J. C. CLARKE.

HARRISBURG, April 22, 1861.

Major PORTER,

York, Pa.:

Superintendent Clarke has failed to stop the trains, and two of them are at Ashland, while the rest are past the last telegraphic station on their way down. The men have left their positions are and standing on the track ready to enter the cars. What orders shall be sent?

Answer.

J. D. CAMERON.

YORK -11 p. m.

Mr. CAMERON:

Do not let any train move till I see General Wynkoop. Let the troops go to their places and sleep.

F. J. P.

HARRISBURG.

Major PORTER,

York:

Superintendent Clarke has failed to stop the trains, and two of them are at Ashland, while the rest are past the last telegraphic station on their way down. The men have left their positions and are standing on the track ready to enter the cars. Clarke telegraphs that our volunteers are surrounded with police and horse troops to see them off, and if they do not leave promptly a fight must ensue, and that damage will probably be done to bridges on this side. Clarke is afraid to hold the train and troops until you arrive. Under the circumstances shall he start them? Answer us at Harrisburg.

J. D. CAMERON.

W. J. PALMER.

YORK, April 23-2 a. m.

J. D. CAMERON:

Tell Mr. Clarke to communicate with General Wynkoop, and say I am coming to take care of them.

Later.- Stop all arrangements for sending troops in this direction from Harrisburg. I will be in Harrisburg in time to go to Philadelphia.

F. J. PORTER.

