
HARRISBURG, April 23, 1861.

Major F. J. PORTER,

Capitol:

The following message received for you:

PITTSBURG, April 23.

After diligent inquiry no troops are en route from Minnesota.

John McNITT.

T. A. SCOTT.

Major PORTER:

A friend in the office desires you to know that a large number of the privates and offices are off duty on leave granted by those in charge. As the residence of many of the parties is within thirty to fifty miles of camp, numbers may fail to return to the service for regular drill. I promised to communicate as above.

SCOTT.

APRIL 24, * [1861/]

General PATTERSON:

Washington will fall from starvation alone within ten days. Provisions and men must be sent at once. Nothing can be done [in] this direction. Three regiments at York can be profitably used if on arrival in Philadelphia they are supplied with cooking utensils and provisions.

[F. J. PORTER.]

APRIL 24,* [1861.]

Lieutenant Colonel H. J. SCOTT,

Headquarters of the Army:

Washington will fall from starvation alone within ten days. Effective aid must go from New York, and if by transports, well guarded against seam privateers off Cape Henry and in the bay armed with 6-pounder rifled cannon. I stay here to carry out the orders of the General-in-Chief.

F. J. PORTER.

PHILADELPHIA, April 24.

Major F. J. PORTER:

I have your telegram, and have acted on your suggestion. I will hurry forward the men now here, with wuch arms and ammunition as we have. Provisions and cooking utensils are being prepared, but we suffer sadly for want of experienced officers in the quartermaster's and commissary department. I am advised that at least 5,000 additional troops will be at Annapolis to-day from New York and Massachusetts. If the three regiments now at York can be made available to withdraw the attention of the insurgents from the Annapolis route they should be retained for that purpose.

R. PATERSON.

HARRISBURG, April 24.

General PATERSON:

A bearer of dispatches for you has just arrived from Washington. He says provisions will last-abundant for the present. Re-enforcement

---------------

* Another copy is dated April 23.

---------------

