
will soon be in on the Annapolis route. Camp and garrison equipage should be sent to the troops called into service, and they not permitted to rely on hotels. I directed Captain Turnley, assistant quartermaster, to report for duty to Colonel Charles Thomas. It will be well at 8 a. m. to-morrow.

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PHILADELPHIA, [April] 24.

Colonel F. J. PORTER:

We are procuring camp and garrison equipage and will soon be able to furnish proper supplies to the troops called into service. Let the two regiments at Camp Curtin be ordered to join General Wynkoop for instruction, and to give him such a force as will distract the attention of the parties across the line. General Keim goes down to-night with nearly two regiments.

R. PATERSON.

APRIL 24.

Major PORTER,

Office Northern Central Railroad:

Has your messenger gone to Washington? If not, send him up here.

A. G. CURTIN.

Governor CURTIN,

Capitol:

I go, also Colonel Andrew Porter and Thomas. A. Scott, at 8 to-morrow via Hagerstown and Frederick.

F. J. PORTER.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 2, 1861.

Major WEBB:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 27th of April, stating that in consequence of the arrival of large numbers of troops in this city, the emergency has ceased which called the company now commanded by you into service, and that you would be pleased, therefore, to have an authority to disband your company, and have an honorable discharge from service for it. Concurring fully with you, I readily grant you the authority asked for, and in going so I beg to extend to you, and through you to the men under your command, the assurance of my high appreciation of the very prompt and patriotic manner in which your company was organized for the defense of the capital, and the very efficient service rendered by it during the time of its existence.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 35. Washington, D. C., May 2, 1861.

Major G. D. Ramsay, of the Ordnance Corps, in command of the U. S. Arsenal, will command such troops as are stationed there for its protection according to his rank in the Army. He will cause the volunteer

