
re- enforce the command there. There are no troops but the seven companies mentioned this side of Gauley, and there are no earth- works thrown up, as represented, this side of the river. the other bank they are building embankments the whole length of the road. They have there regiments, the First and Second Ohio, and Twelfth Ohio Regiment, at Gauley. Each regiment has two field pieces and one of each rifled. There is no artillery with the troops at Likens' Mill, as represented; it was a mistake of Lieutenant Gordon, of the cavalry, which led me to inform you that a cannon was placed to rake the road. If you cannot send me re- enforcements int e manner I have suggested or by wagons, I can place my command in the enemy's rear and wait for you to come on, but I think the former plan the enemy's rear and wait for you to come on, but I think the former land the safest and surest. Dispatch to me as soon as possible.

Respectfully,

ST. GEO. CROGHAN,

Lieutenant- Colonel First Cavalry.

Brigadier General J. B. FLOYD.

You may rely entirely upon the accuracy of this information. The enemy have twenty- five cavalry armed with carbines and sabers.

[5.]

AUGUST 27 - 28, 1861.- Skirmishes near Bailey's Cross- Roads, Va.

Report of Brigadier General James Longstreet, C. S . Army.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, FIRST CORPS,August 28, 1861.

COLONEL: I send herewith the report of Colonel J. E. B. Stuart of the affairs of yesterday, and send a list of killed and wounded.* The prisoners (eight) were forwarded under guard about two hours ago. The left of our position at Munson's and Upton's is not properly guarded, nor have I the means of watching it properly. my cavalry force after taking couriers for the headquarters, and supplying General Jones with his twenty men, gives me from fourteen to twenty; just enough for an escort for the field officer of the day. General Bonham writes me that he has three or four vedettes at Vienna. I think that he has no more out in any important direction. If he could establish a picket at Lewisville it would make the watch from all points perfect and relieve my force at Falls Church of a great deal of anxiety. This would be entirely safe from anything like a surprise. Some commanding point south of that, where the troops could retreat upon Falls Church, would answer the same purpose, if he has not force enough to keep up the lookout at Lewisville. If it is established, the party in position should be particularly cautioned to give notice at Falls Church of any advance against us. I find some inconvenience in getting our supplies of rations. We can only get four or five days' rations at a time. This keeps me constantly on the watch and is exceedingly annoying. My staff officers are all fresh, and I am obliged to look to every little item.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Colonel T. JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

