
not improbable you may be invited to take an important part, should be composed of our best regulars for the advance and of three-years' volunteers, all well officered, and with four months and a half of instruction in camps prior to (say) November 10. In the progress down the river all the enemy's batteries on its banks we of course would turn and capture, leaving a sufficient number of posts with complete garrisons to keep the river open behind the expedition. Finally, it will be necessary that New Orleans should be strongly occupied and securely held until the present difficulties are composed.

Third. A word now as to the greatest obstacle in the way of this plan- the great danger now pressing upon us-the impatience of our patriotic and loyal Union friends. They will urge instant vigorous action, regardless, I fear, of consequences-that is, unwilling to wait for the slow instruction of (say) twelve or fifteen camps, for the rise of rivers, and the return of frosts to kill the virus of malighant fevers below Memphis. I fer this; but impress right views, on every proper occasion, upon the brave men who are hastering to the support of their Government. Lose no time, while necessary preparations for the great expedition are in progress, in organizing, drilling, and disciplining your three-months' men, many of whom, it is hoped, will be ultimately found enrolled under the call for three-years' volunteers. Should an urgent and immediate occasion arise meantime for their services, they will be the more effective. I commend these views to your consideration, and shall be happy to hear the result.

With great respect, your, truly,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 43. Washington, D. C., May 4, 1861.

The Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers Militia, commanded by Colonel E. F. Jones, will without delay porceed to Annapolis Junction, and on its arrival there the commander of the regiment will report in person to Brigadier General B. F. Butler.

By order of Colonel Mansfield:

THEO. TALBOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OHIO VOLUNTEERS MILITIA,Columbus, Ohio, May 4, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the Army: The First Brigade, with the exception of the Second Regiment, detached in Pennsylvania, is a Camp Harrison, seven miles from Cincinnati, on the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad. The muster-rolls of these regiments have been kept open for a few days to enable the captains to replace the rejected men; probably closed to-day. Of the Second Brigade the First Regiment is in Pennsylvania; the Fourth and Eleventh at Camp Dennison, both mustered in; the Eighth at Camp Dennison, also mustered. Of the Seventh, a working party, 100 strong, went to

