
preference as adjutant-general. If I cannot have him I would be glad to have Captain Williams. Web, of the Fifth Infantry, and young Kingsbury, just graduating, would suit me well as aides. The condition of things out here really make an ordnance officer necessary. Captain Reno would be glad to serve with me, and I would be very glad to have him. I have written frankly to you, general, for I am sure you will understand me and will not misinterpret my motives. The good of the service is what I seek. I cannot work without tools. I cannot be everywhere and do everything myself. Give me the men and I will answer for it that I will take care of the rest. I have urgent demands for heavy guns. None are yet within my reach, notwithstanding your orders. It is absolutely necessary that a competent officer should at once go to Cairo and give directions as to its defense. I have none at my disposal, and have not the authority to go myself. Not one dollar have I yet received from the General Government nor any expression of opinion as to the steps I have taken. Excuse, general, the length of this. The mater is urgent, and I cannot well place it in a smaller compass. I ask your personal attention to it, and whatever the dicision may be I will cheerfully acquisce and take my measure accordingly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OHIO VOLUNTEERS MILITIA,Cincinnatti, May 10, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: This will be handed to you by Lieutenant L. A. Williams, Tenth Regiment Infantry, who is personally cognizatn of many of the facts stated. The frontier of Indians and Illinois is in a very excited and almost dangerous condition. In Ohio there is more calmness. I have been in more full communication with the people. A few arms have been supplied, and all means have been taken to quiet them along the frontier. Special messengers have reached me from the Governors of Indiana and Illinois demanding heavy guns and expressing great alarm. I sent Lieutenant William to confer with Governor Morton; to tell him that I have no heavy guns, and to explain to him the impropriety of placing them in position along the frontier just at the present time. I have promised Governor Yates some heavy guns at Cairo as soon as I can get them. I have as yet received none from Pittsburg, and learn from Major Symington that they are to come from New York. No time should be lost in forwarding a supply. It is on every accounte important that the whole Western frontier whould be placed under one command as soon as possible. The people will gladly defer to military control, and it is important to calm them at once. If the general commanding still intends giving me the command, I would state that my view of the proper policy is to occupy Cairo strongly, though not with a great number of men; to avoid at other points on the river a display of troops or artillery at the present moment, but to hold them at central points, ready to move at a moment's notice; to encourage the organization of the people along the line into companies armed with private weapons until we are prepared to do better for them.

Whenever Cairo is placed under my command I should propose establishing a battery of heavy guns at the extreme southern point a few

