
light guns at the other angles of the line; all these batteries to be protected by stockades or earth-works, and closed at the gorge so as to resist an assault; the levee to be patrolled, a few guard boats employed, and three gun-boats (steam tugs from Lake Michigan would answer a good purpose) to be stationed near Cairo, heavily armed, provided with rockets, &amp;c. I would also recommend that one or two of the Missouri regiments be stationed at Bird's Point, opposite Cairo, on the Missour side, and that they be intrenched there. With these precautions I think that two or three regiments will suffice for the defense of Cairo.

Re-enforcements can be placed on the line of the Illinois Central Railroad in healthy positions. The gun-boats should be furnished at once. It may be necessary to send one of the Randall companies of artillery to Cairo. A park of artillery, with small magazines, should be established near Cincinnati. We have nothing of that kind in the West, and are totally destitute of heavy guns and ammunition. I hear a great deal of threatening news from the vicinity of Nashville, Memphis, &c.

Much of it is no doubt exaggerated, yet there is enough to show that there is danger on this frontier; and in this connection I would call the attention of the General-in-Chief to the fact that we have no heavy guns, no efficient artillery of any kind, no cavalry, no money-few, in fact, of the elements of defense. In any event engineer troops should be organized, intrenching tools, bridge trains, &c., be prepared, reconnaissances conducted, artillery and ammunition placed in readiness.

I cannot disguise from myself the fact that this frontier is constantly liable to trouble along the entire length, and that we cannot too soon be prepared to meet it. I hear of concentration of troops at Nashville, Corinth, Point Pleasant (opposite Gallipolis), &c. No doubt there is some truth in these rumors, though perhaps exaggerated. I am very anxious to learn the views of the general in regard to Western Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri. At any moment it may become necessary to act in some one of these directions. From reliable information I am sure that the Governor of Kentucky is a traitor. Buckner is under is influence, so it is necessary to watch them. I hear to-night that 1,000 seccessionists are concentrating at a point opposite Gallipolis. Cairo is threatened. In view of these things, colonel, I again urge that I may have a few regular officers to complete my staff, so that I may promptly organize this mass of volunteers and be prepared to meet any emergency. To defend Cincinnati, if threatened, I see but one proper course, viz, to cross the river and occupy the heights. I wish the general's views on this point. Should the emergency occur, and no orders to the contrary reach me, I will take the responsibility of this step. Governor Morton is anxious to establish batteries against Lousville. I cannot permit this at present; it would only serve to irritate. I think we should watch for a little time longer the development of affairs in Kentucky before resorting to any threatenning meassures. The moral effect of the presence of troops at Cairo, Evansville, and Camp Dennison ought to be sufficient the Union men in Kentucky, although I confess that I think all our calculations should be based on the supposition that Kentucky will secede; everything points in that direction, and I fear the mania will reach them in due time. Major Burbank informed me to-day that he had not arms enough for this command. I request him to make a requisition on me, and promised to supply the deficiency from Columbus. What are my relations to be with Newport Barracks? In any event I shall feel bound to afford the commanding officer every assistance in my power. It is very necessary that I should receive eventual orders as to the course

