
communicated to you. The regiments to compose my division have not yet been assigned, but I am, directed by the Governor to communicate with you and receive your instructions in relation to my command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 75. Washington, D. C., May 5, 1861.

I. Captain McKnight's company, Ringgold Light Artillery, Pennsylvania Volunteers, will, without delay, proceed to take psot at the Washintogn Arsenal. On its arrival there the commander of the company will report to Bvt. Major G. D. Ramsay, commanding.

* * *

By command of Brigadier-General Mansfield:

THOE. TALBOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 9. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 15, 1861.

Brigadier General J. H. Bates, commanding the First Brigade, Ohio Volunteer Militia, will on the 17th instant move two of the regiments of his brigade, under the command of his senior colonel, from Camp Harrison to Camp Dennison, and on the 18th instant will himself move with the remainder of his brigade to the same point. Captain Dickerson, quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Major-General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY,

Acting Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 15, 1861.

Major General GEORG B. McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th of May, by Lieutenant Williams, is received. I am directed by the General-in-Chief to reply as follows: He concurs in your general views respecting the establishment of batteries on the Lower Ohio. You have doubtless before this received General Orders, Numbers 14 and 19, placing you in command of the Departmet of the Ohio, copies of which are herewith inclosed. This assignment will enable you to carry out your policy tending to quiet the excitment along the river. Captain N. H. McLean, assistant adjutant-general, has been ordered to report to you as soon as he can be relieved- probably in two or three days-from necessary duty as Harrisburg. Major Robert Anderson, with the commission of colonel, has been ordered to muster into service as many volunteers in Western Virginia and Kentucky as he can enroll. He will be directed to communicate with you in relation to the disposition to be made of these troops, which after muster will come under your command. Herewith I send you copies

