
Report of Colonel J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Munson's Hill, August 28, 1861.

GENERAL: I inclose a list of killed and wounded. * I have no time for a detailed report of the affair of yesterday, but I acquainted Rev. D. Ball, chaplain, to my regiment, as well as Major Skinner, with all the particulars, and requested them to inform you last night, which I hope will answer for the present. As soon as it was fair light this morning I had a piece of rifled cannon, Washington Battery [Artillery,], brought clandestinely in position to bear on Bailey's Cross- Roads and fired four shots, distance being by the shots 1,350 yards. THE shots took effect admirably, dispersing the entire force at that point, and developed what it was my object to ascertain- that they had no artillery there. Munson's Hill. The a fire of artillery dispersed also a long line of skirmishers, who ran precipitately without being in the slightest danger from its shots. The First Regiment is at Falls Church, and I have directed its commander to hold himself in readiness to move up to my support, or act to the left, as circumstances indicate. Two companies of that regiment are ordered to occupy the ridge along Upton's. I sent back Beckham's section of artillery, as the men were pretty well used up from fatigue and hunger, and I ma now going to send back to Falls Church. I believe this a fine line of defense; I mean the line passing through this and Mason's Hill. Every inch of the road is visible from here to Bailey's Cross- Roads. The force now here and at Falls Church I consider sufficient for the present, and the best school of practice possible for our troops. I consider the enemy's design not to meet us outside their trenches enforce pretty well developed. please send this to General Johnson for me.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Colonel. Commanding.

[J. LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General.]

P. S.- The scattered fragments of the force at Bailey's Cross- Roads reassembled, and I have the piece in position to stir them up again whenever they group in sufficient force to warrant the expenditure of our ammunition.

J. E. B. S.

[indorsement.]

The list of prisoners forwarded about two hours ago should be added to this report.

J. LONGSTREET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

---------------

*Shows 1 killed and 6 wounded.

---------------

