
of this commission and instructions. The War Department has given authority for raising a regiment of cavalry in sections of country within your department. It will, of course, also be your disposal. It will not be possible to transfer a regular company of horse artillery to your department, and the Ordnance Department has not now the means to equip a new company. You will therefore be obliged to turn the Fort Randall companies to the best account your resources will permit. In case Kentucky should secede, the recruiting depot at Newport Barracks will be immediately tranferred to another point. In this event the barracks will be turned over to you, and will exercise your own sound judgment in regard to holding the post. Your intention to support Major Burbank in case of emergeny is approved, but so long as Newport Barracks counties to be occupied as a recruiting depot the operations of that branch of the service should not be interfered with. Your telegram of the 12th, in relation to clothing, has also been received. The general begs to refer you to communications sent you by the Quartermaste-General on this subject. At present no more funds than the $30,000 recently sent to Captain Dickerson, assistant quartermaster, can be furnished from that department. The general suggests that you forward detailed requisitions for the various stores you require, that intelligent action may be had upon them; and in making out the requisitions please keep in view the immense draft made, and of necessity to be made, upon the means of all kinds at the disposal of the Government. The general urges you to impress on the Governors of the Northwestern States, the necessity of substituting the long term-three years- volunteers for three months' men as rapidly as possible. The Adjutant-General is engaged in arranging the quotas for the several States. It is of the first importance that the best class of arms should be reserved for the three-years' volunteers, as but a very limited number is on hand. The greatest efforts and the best means should be applied to equip and discipline the three-years' men. Lieutenant Lawrence A. Williams, Tenth Infantry, is ordered to report to you, is ordered to report to you, and Captain Dickerson, assistant quartermaster, will for the present remain under your orders. Besides letters, &amp;c., already acknowledged as received from you, the following have been received: Letters of April 28, May 4 and 9; telegrams of May 11, in relation to prisoners at Saint Louis, and May 13, in relation to concentration of troops at Saint Louis, and one received this day in relation to affairs in Western Virginia. The subject of the prisoners is under consideration. Since the foregoing letter was written, your satisfactory report of May 11 has been read to the general.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The intelligence I have from Western Virginia is not encouraging. The Union men there lack courage, I fear. From a long conversation with a well-informed and reliable person this morning I

---------------

* See VOL. LII, Part I, p. 142.

---------------

