
wishes as expressed therein. I have received from several different sources important information in relation to the movements and position of the rebels in Tennessee, the substance of which is as follows: Nashville and Memphis are evidently the strongholds of the secessionists in that State. There are counties in Western Tennessee, such as Stewart, Henry, Haywood, Lauderdale, and Henderson, where the Union feeling is predominant, if not represented by main force. I learn that the Union men have determined to go armed to the polls, and, if necessary, use force to enable them to deposit their votes. Their ulterior course is not yet determined upon, but their leaders say that the presence of the troops of the General Government would be beneficial and would rally to the cause of the Union many who are now outwardly secessionists. I am told that there is much excitement among the negres there, who in their private talks have gone so far as to select their white wives. Reliable information has reached me that a detachment of Arkansas troops, stationed on the Mississippi above Memphis, has been suddenly recalled to Searcy. White County, Ark., to repress a negrp insurrection.

A white preache and six negroes were hung there a few days since, and thirty negroes were to hung yesterday, charged with being concerned in the insurretction. Intercepted telegraphic dispatches indicate the movement of 1,000 Arkansas troops from the interior of the State to Fort Smith yesterday. Other Arkansas troops are said to have passed through Memphis en route to Lynchburg. The indications are that the disposable troops in the regular Confederate service from Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana have taken the same direction. The troops remaining in Tennessee seem to be State militia, and not in the regular Confederate Army. They are represented as being but indifferently armeipline, consisting to a large extent of boys and old men, much excited by liqour and politics, and anxious to fight. Desertions are said to be frequent, and it is said there will be much difficulty in keeping them together for any greaty length of time.

Some allowance, of course, must be made for these statements. The following points are undoubtedly occupied: Germantown, in Shelby County, Tenn., is a rendezvous; Camp Harris, on the Mississippi, about six miles above Memphis, by 3,000 men, with three guns, one of which is said to be a rifled cannon recently smuggled through from Boston; Randolph, on the Mississippi River, is held by from 3,000 to 5,000 men, with the six light guns formerly consistituing Bragg's battery; at Union City, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, in Obion County, from two to three regiments without guns; at Clarksville, about 1,000 men without guns. It is probable that two regiments, formerly posted in estern Tennessee, passed through Nashville two days ago to take post on the railroad near Springfield, in Robertson County. I learn that various small detachments are posted at different points near the Kentucky line.

I hear from excellent authority that Governor Harris has expressed a determination to occupy Columbus, Ky., by the troops now at Union City; this to be done whether Governor Magffin consents or not, and the movement to be effected withing a few days. Some indifferent iron guns are being cast at the foundry of A. Street &amp; Co., Memphis. Efforts are being made to establish a powder factory at Nashville. Parties have been buying up all the niter to be had in the State in small quantities, and they expect to derive large supplies from the Mammoth Cave. I am more and more convinced that it is necessary for us to have without a day's delay a few efficient gun-boats to operate from Cairo as a base. If these are rendered shot proof, we can by means of them at least seriously anny the rebel camps on the Mississippi River and interfere with their river communication, which is their

