
main dependence. Competent parties have been sent out there by the War and Navy Department, but neither funds nor the authority to use the credit of the Government have been give to me. I anxiously await instructions on this point, and shalal take the necessary measures to provide suitable gun boats as soon as I receive your authority to make the requisite expenditure. I regard these boats as an indispensable elementh in any system of operations, whether offensive or defensive.

I have already adverted to the necessity for some light batteries in this department. The resources of Aleghany Arsenal and of the State of Ohio will furnish almost immediately the material necessary for three or more light batteries. The disposable recruits at Newport Barracks will far more than complete the personed of the companies of the Fourth Artillery now here. I would respectfully suggest that the two companies remaining at Randall be relieved by volunteers and ordered to report at these headquarters. In view of the nature and condition of the troops under my comman, and of the necessity that may at any moment arise for affording prompt assistance to the Union men of Kentucky, or to effect a diversion in favor of Cairo, or to operate in Western Virginia for the purpose of relieving a pressure on Washington, it is evident we require force of light, as well as some companies to take charge of a park of heavy guns. If more than these five companies could be spared their services would be invaluable to me. I think it absolutely necessary to mount at once Captain Getty's and Captain Howe's companies, and to do so need but little more than the authority to fill ranks from the recruits at Newport or to open special rendezvous for that purpose on this side of the river, and to purchase the necessary horses, which I have reason to believe can be had on a credit extending to, say, July 31. I cannot urge too strongly the necessity of having these horses at once. I should be glad to have authority to arm all the men oeries with the last pattern of Colt's revolver. Until I can receive other companies of artillery, I propose retaining that commanded by Lieutenant Mack, in charge of the park.

Captain Getty, the bearer of this, will explain to you more fully my views and wishes. From your letters I infer that the nine regiments of the three-years' volunteers assigned as the quota of Ohio shall be taken from the three-months' troops already mustered into the service. I think that the Governor of the State takes a different view of the matter. My own opinion is that the three-months' troops should have the preference. Will you be good enough to give me specific instructions by telegraph and letter? If operating in the West are to be conducted on a large scale, I should think the quota assigned to Ohio under the new call insufficient to enable us to accomplish any great results, and would be glad to see at least twenty-regiments called for from this State. In the almost entire absence of money from the General Government, or of authority to use its credit, I find myself placed in a very difficult, if not impossible, to make the service efficient. Many of the articles for the supply and equipment of the troops can readily be purchased here on a credit long enough to render available appropriations made by Congress at its next meeting.

I need not say it is impossible to organize, equip, and maintain an army without money or credit; of course I should prefer money if it can be had, as we can buy things cheaper for cash. In the absence of funds I would be glad to have authority to use the credit of the

25 R R-VOL LI, PT I

