HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, May 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON;

Secretary of War:

Will you please authorize me to use boards to put up places for worship at Camp Dennison. Parties furnish nails and labor.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[2.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 22, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Cincinnati:

The Lord's will be done.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 22, 1861.

Major General GEORGER B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Scott writes by mail to-day in substance as follows.* Cumberland is under the immediate consideration of General Patterson and the authorities here. You are to defend your department against all enemies of the United States. The three-months' volunteers are expressly for such defense. Expeditions beyond borders of your department are not intended without some great object of interest to the Union, to be suggested by you and approved here, when permission would be given to march into a State to protect friends of the Union. Without waiting for normal orders further extending your department, give reasonable support, without compromisisng your detachments, to friends of the Union in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri. No longterm regiments yet reported from your department. At proper time these are to replace three-months' men in defensive posts, and remainder put in camps of four to eight regiments each. Modification of former plan proposed. Two unequal columns, the smaller to move by water, headed and flanked by gun-boats, the other column by land and nearly abrests, and receiving supplies at certain points on river from the freight boats. How many men would be required in each column? At what points on the river could they communicate with each other? Your views desired on these points, and also as to form, draft, tonnage, and armament of boats. But see the letter. Recruits are ordered to Randall companies. Acknowledge this dispatch by telegraph.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 89 1/2. Washington, D. C., May 22, 1861.

Major-General Sandfor, of New York, having reported for duty, will assume the immediate command of all the regiments of his State

---------------

* See May 21, p. 386.

---------------

