
troops or detachments at Alexandria will be under h9is orders. Having the use of the telegraph to Washington, he may, in case of need, not admitting of delay, report direct to general headquarters.

III. Colonel S. P. Heintzelman, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, having reported for duty in compliance with order from the War Department, is assigned to the command of the brigade to consist of the Eighth, Twelfth, and Twenty-fifth New York Regiment. Other troops or detachments in his vicinity not otherwise assigned will also be under his orders.

IV. Colonel David Hunter, Third U. S. Cavalry, having reported for duty in compliance with orders from the War Department, is assigned to the command of the brigade to consist of the First, Twenty-eighth, and Sixty-ninth New York Regiments. Other troops or detachments in his vicinity not otherwise assigned will be under his orders.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Brigadier-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Numbers 49. Philadelphia, Pa., May 28, 1861.

The Sixth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers will move as rapidly as transportation can be provided to Chambersburg. Before leaving the cars at that point the commanding officer of each regiment will report for orders to the senior officer present. * * *

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

CINCINNATI, May 28, 1861.

Major General R. PATTERSON:

Crossed the Ohio yesterday. Have advanced within thirty miles of Grafton by Wheeling branch of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Now occupy Parkesburg, and advance thence to-day. Cumberland must be occupied at once. No time for delay. Use the Pennsylvania State troops if you cannot do better.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Philadelphia, May 28, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City:

General McClellan, from Cincinnati, says troops within thirty miles of Grafton, on Wheeling branch of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and moves, to-day from Parkesburg toward Grafton, and wants Cumberland occupied. All the force in this department is under motion; accountements to follow; and will ascend the valley of the Potomac as soon as possible. The New Jersey regiments will not be ready for two be sent via Harrisburg to Hagerstown.

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[2.]

