
this movement will meet the approval of the general. All the information I received shows a rapid increase in the strength of the Union party where our forces have shown themselves. You will observe that the reconnaissance on Cumberland is to be the last thing done. Should it be inexpedient to maket the movement, a telegram from you will reach me in ample time to stop it. My advises from Kentucky look toward a secession movement in the portion west of the Tennessee River and an advance of Tennessee troops into Kentucky. Will hear more fully to-day. The Union men in Kentucky need more arms.

In great haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 29, 1861.

Brigadier General T. A. MORRIS,

Indiana Volunteers:

GENERAL: You will please proceed to Bellaire, and thence to Grafton, Va., or such point in its vicinity as may then be occupied by the main body of the column now commanded by Colonel B. F. Kelley, First Virginia Volunteers. You will assume command of all the troops that have crossed the Ohio at Bellaire and Parkesburg. In relieving Colonel Kelley you will express to him my sincere appeciation of his services, and will employ him in preference on all detached and important service. It is probable that Colonel Kelley will have occupied Grafton before you receive this. Information that seems to be reliable has reached me that the rebels have evacuated Grafton, and retired in the direction of Beverly. Should this prove true, you will at once select a strong position to cover Grafton, and if necessary intrench yourself in it. In selecting this position you will keep, in view the possibility of an attack both from the direction of Harper's Ferry, and from Beverly, and will make your arrangements to resists any attack that may be made, no matter in what force. You will please regarfd it an indispensable that the position of Grafton must be held at any cost, and you will remember that I will in person come your assistance with any amount of force that circumstances may require. Under no circumstances fall back from Grafton so long as you have a cartridge or a man who can use a bayonet. Having occupied Grafton and taken your position you will next please open, if not already done, the route to Parkersburg, and make arrangements to protect all the bridges, tunnels, &amp;c., using in preference for this service such organized companies of loyal Virginians as may offer themselves to be mustered into the service of the General Government. At the earliest convenient moment you will push a strong reconnaissance on Philippi and Beverly. If the rebels remain in either of these places or their vicinity, you will endeavor to capture them, or at least to drive them across the mountains. It wexpedient to occupy Phillippi by a detachment, and perhaps Beverly; I leave this to your discretion, strongly recommending that the former, at least, be occupied. Having completed these arrangements, it will be well to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Cumberland. I understand that the inhabitants between Grafton and Cumberland are strong Union men. If this be so, you can advantageously send forward at an early day an armed train, with a gun on a platform car ahead of the engine, and, say, one regiment in the cars, as far as Cumberland. You can thus obtaint full information as to the state of affairs in that region. In sending this detachment you will

