
this purpose, as well as to hold the railroads in its rear and observe the adjacent country eight regiments in all have been detailed, and it has been found requisite to assign Brigadier General T. A. Morris, of the Indiana Volunteers, to the command, three of his regimenths having been assigned to the duty. In informing you of this assignment of General Morris to the command, I wish to express to you my entire satisfaction with the very handsome manner in which you have conducted the advance from Wheeling. I will take an early opportunity of bringing the facts the War Department, and will recommend to the honorable Secretary that the Government expres, in a suitable manner its appreciation of your merits. I hope and trust, colonel, that your future course will be in keeping with its commencement, and that I shall long have under my command an officer of whom I have contracted so favorable an impression.

I am, sincerely, your friend,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, May 29, 1861.

Captain H. W. BENHAM,

U. S. Corps of Engineers:

CAPTAIN: You will please at once to Bellaire to join General Morris, who moves on Grafton. You will, under his direction, select a proper defensive position in front of Grafton to cover it against an attack from Harper's Ferry and from Beverly. No extensive or perhmanent works need be erected; merely a few batterries for light guns and works to be defended by infantry against an attack by infantry. Detached works rather than conneceted lines will no doubt answer the purpose. I need not ask you to bestow upon this work all your talent, energy, and experience.

I am, very truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 24. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 30, 1861.

Brigadier General T. A. Morris, Indiana Volunteer Militia, will proceed to Grafton and assume command of all the troops at that point and between it, Wheeling, and Bellaire on the one side, and Parkesburg on the other. General Morris will conform to the instructions given him by the commanding general in a letter dated the 29th instant.*]

By command of Major-General McClellan:

N. H. McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 146. Washington, May 30, 1861.

The commanding officer of the Seventh Regiment of New York Volunteers will proceed with his regiment to the city of New York, where it will be mustered out of service of the United States by Lieutenant M. Cogswell, Eighth Infantry.

* See p. 393.

