
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Numbers 25. Chambersburg, Pa., June 5, 1861.

Commanding offices of brigades, regiments, battalions, and companies will give their attention to the following requirements, and will be held responsible to a strict compliance with them:

I. The allowance of transportation to troops on the march shall not exceed the following, and this as soon as practicable will be reduced under the direction of the chief quartermaster: A general officer and his staff, one wagon; field and staff and band of a regiment, one wagon; cavalry or horse artillery company, one wagon and a half; infantry company, one wagon. The baggage will be limited to musket cartridges, camp and garrison equipPAGE, and officer's baggage (meet-chest and all persons effects included), not to exceed the regulation allowances, viz: Fort general officers, 125 pounds; field officers, 100 pounds; captains, 80 pounds; subalterns, 80 pounds.

* * *

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 99. Washington, D. C., June 8, 1861.

* * *

III. Colonel Burnside's Rhode Island regiment, with its light battery and wagons, will proceed by special train the morning of the 10th instant to Carlisle, Pa., where it will receive further instructions from Major-General Patterson, commanding Department of Pennsylvania. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

H. L. SCOTT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Numbers 66. Chambersburg, Pa., June 10, 1861.

I. The following is the present organization of the brigades in this vicinity. Regiments will be taken from or attached to each brigade as circumstances require or as they arrive:

First Brigade, Colonel George H. Thomas, Second U. S. Cavalry, commanding: Cavalry; Captain Doubleday's battalion of artillery and infantry; Rhode Island regiment and battery, Colonel Burnside commanding; Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Nagle commanding; Twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Ballier commanding; Twenty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Dare commanding.

Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Wynkoop commanding: First Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Yohe commanding; Second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colobnel Stumbaugh commanding; Third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Minier commanding; Twenty-fourt Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Owen commanding.

