
firing and limber up at a quarter to 9, when the whole command was put in motion, and after a tiresome march of twenty miles we arrived at Germantown abut dark, where the horses were well fed and the men rested until the 6th instant, at 11.30 a. m., when we were ordered by General Jones to return to this camp. in this service we fired 111 shots, as follows: Rifle cannon (Sergt. Edward Owen, Lance Corp E. I. Kursheedt), twenty- three solid shot, twelve shell; ' howitzers (Lieutenant Richardson commanding, Sergeants Galbraith and Brown, Corporals Payne and Aby), fifty- three spherical case and twenty- three shell. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Lieutenant Richardson, the non- commissioned officers and men attached to this command- the veterans of Bull Run and Manassas. They showed the same coolness and determination that so characterized your whole command during hose eventful engagements.

With much respect, major, I am, your obedient servant,

C. W. SQUIRES,

1st Lieutenant, Commanding 1st Company Washington Arty., of New Orleans.

Major J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery.

[5.]

SEPTEMBER 10, 1861.- Engagement at Carnifix Ferry, Gauley River, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General John B. Floyd, C. S . Army.*
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OFT HE KANAWHA,Camp on the Road, September 12, 1861.

SIR: The enemy, said to be under the command of General Rosecrans, numbering ten regiments, appeared before my intrenched camp on the 10th at 2 p. m., and commenced an attack with al arms, which continued until dark. Our force, numbering less than 2,000 men engaged, resisted the assault with firmness and determination. The enemy was repulsed five successive times. Finding ourselves unable to resist successfully the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, I determined to recross the river this we did without the loss of a man or any accident worthy of mention. The enemy was so crippled in the fight that they were unable to pursue us, and we passed the river without molestation. They are very strong, and superadding the 8,000 or 9,000 men brought down in the column to the 5,000 of General Cox at Gauley Bridge, which has been within a few days re- enforced by 2,000 more, it constitutes an exceedingly formidable array, one which it is entirely impossible to resist with the forces at my command. Sickness has almost deprived this command of half its number. The whole effective force to- day amounts to 4,200 men only. The design of the enemy, beyond all doubt, is to advance upon Lewisburg and the railroads in the interior of the State. The column from Summerville is already busily engaged in attempting to cross the river, to be joined, no doubt, by such forces as can be spared by General Cox. We are only able with our present numbers to harass them on their advance. You will see from this statement the great necessity of sending without delay sufficient re- enforcements to resist the advance. I think the idea of penetrating the interior of the State by the line which you occupy is

---------------

*See also VOL. V, p. 146.

---------------

