
three regiments and artillery and cavalry and drive back the rebels. The quartermaster will provied transportation and the commissary the necessary subsistence for ten days.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., June 16, 1861.

Colonel C. P. STONE,

Commanding Expedition Potomac River:

SIR: We have had no news from you since your note to me of the 14th instant. The general is anxious to hear from you. I therefore send to you two messengers with some letters. You must be careful not to expose your command to be cut up in detail. We apprehend movements soon in our frnt by the enemy. We particularly want you to guard the fords and ferries, so as to give us timely notice. General Patterson will soon, I presume, occupy Harper's Ferry, as it has been evacuated. I can see no object now in elongating your command farther from us. All that is desired is to shut off supplies across the river from the enemy, and give countenance to our friends in Maryland and Virginai, and open the canal to trade, that is to say, render it navigable, if it can be done without deranging your military movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. K. F. MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Commandant.

P. S. - These same messengers can bring your dispatches. Two are sent, as one is liable to be cut off and robbed. A war of petty posts amounts to nothing in the end. Large numbers of troops are reported as arriving at Manassas Gap Junction, no doubt from Harper's Ferry. You must be careful to give us support if necessary, at the same time try to effect simply the object you were sent on-to cover the crossings, &amp;c.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS ROCKVILLE EXPEDITION,Poolesville, June 16, 1861.

Major J. GREY JEWELL,

Commanding Second Battalion, District of Columbia Volunteers:

MAJOR: Provisions for three days were last night ordered for your command to be sent to you before sunset to-day. You are authorized to occupy any position near Seneca Mills where you will be able do note approaches by the river road, and guard the defile leading in by the Seneca Creek. In case of necessity you will render support to Lieutenant-Colonel Everett in maintaining his position at the Aqueduct, but will not too much weaken the guards of approaches to the mill by the western and northern roads. The enemy has appeared in some force in our front.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

[2.]

26 R R-VOL LI, PT I

