HEADQUARTERS ROCKVILLE EXPEDITION,Polesville, June 16, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES EVERETT,

Commanding Fifth Battalion, District of Columbia Volunteers:

COLONEL: Provisions were last night ordered to be sent to you before sunset to-night. From the supply received you will furnish Captain Degges. Observe your enemy well, and in case of urgency you are authorized to report direct to General Mansfield, sending messengers up the canal to Edwards Ferry at the same time. Edwards Ferry is occupied by our troops since last night. Your fire the other day is said to have killed Captain Shreve, of the rebel forces, and two privates.

Very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Colonel Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Williamsport, June 16, 1861.

Colonel LEWIS WALLACE,

Camp. Eleventh Indiana Regiment, Cumberland, Md.:

COLONEL: I shall send to you this evening a squadron of regular cavalry, a section of artilley, and a regiment of infantry under Colonel Burnside. This will be handed to you by Mr. Closson, who has been with you before. Colonel Burnside will proceed to Hancock, and Mr. Closson can bring him back any information and inform him of your condition, and whether or not he is to press forward to your aid. He will continue his march from Hancock to Cumberland as speedily as possible, unless he hears from you that you do not require his aid. Mr. Closson will bring me back information from you, and I will endeavor to be in a condition, with transportation, &amp;c., to move further troops to your aid if necessary. I write in great haste, and most sincerely hope that you will be able to sustain yourself against the rebels.

Very respectfully, yours,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., June 17, 1861.

Colonel C. P. STONE,

Commanding East Potomac above Georgetown, &c.:

SIR: The enemy is now in large force at Fairfax. The general says if you can spare one of your regiments, say the First Pennsylvania, to send them quietly back to their camp on the back track, out of sight, without delay. No very particular news.*

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Commandant.

Keep all your provisions.

[2.]

---------------

* For answer, see VOL. II, p. 111.

---------------

