HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Hagerstown, Md., June 17, 1861.

Colonel LEWIS WALLACE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cumberland, Md.:

COLONEL: Simultaneously with your telegram that your scouts had seen no troops within twelve miles of you, came a demand from the General-in-Chief for all the regulars with my column and the Rhode Island regiment and battery, the force which the commanding general had ordered to you. It was too late to send another regiment, and transportation could not be obtained till some time after your telegram confirmed the suspicion of the ruse attempted. It is evident the design was to draw off force from here which will most available for relief to the capital, now threatened by all the power of the enemy. Fortunately you did not require it, and it had not gone so far as to be out or reach. It is now on its way to Washington. Cartridges will not be here till to-morrow, nor caps. In the meantime transportation is being gathered, and as soon as practicable a regiment will be sent to you. I wish you to give me by telegram the caliber of your guns, whether .69, .58, or .54 inch. No communication form you gives information of the supplies to be provided at your place. If provisions are required, be pleased to inform Captain E. G. Geckwith, U. S. Army, at this place, by telegraph, that it may be sent by first wagon train. Our means of transportation are very limited, and the commanding general wishes you and all who join you to be self-reliant, to draw only absolute necessities from this place. He desires to hear from you as often as opportunity offers, and when necessary by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 14. Cincinnati, June 17, 1861.

Bvt. Major Seth Williams, Adjutant-General's Department, having reported to the commanding general, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 151, of June 5, 1861, from the War Department, will enter upon the duties of assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 18, 1861.

Colonel S. P. HEINTZELMAN, U. S. Army,

Alexandria:

The Fourth Pennsylvania Regiment will be sent down to you to-day, and the General-in-Chief directs that you send the Seventy-first New York back when the Fourth arrives. Steamers will be sent from the Navy-Yard for the Seventy-first.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

