HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., June 18, 1861.

Colonel STONE,

Commanding East of the Potomac above High Bridge:

SIR: The general directs you shall keep the Pennsylvania regiment. We have received two regiments since I wrote and more expected. They are in great force all round us here, and last night attacked the Ohio regiment under Colonel McCook that was in a train near Vienna, and they escaped with the loss of some 10 to 20 men. Be cautious but firm. I think it probable the general will send you further instructions soon.

MANSFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Commandant.

P. S. (by General Scott). - I am thinking of causing a large part of Patterson's force to unite with you and operate downward from Leesburg, and meet a more considerable body coming up form McDowell's lines. But on this point wait for further instructions.

[2.]

E. D. T.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Numbers 75. Hagerstown, Md., June 19, 1861.

I. Surg. P. G. S. Ten Broeck is assigned to charge of General Hospital, Department of Pennsylvania, and will report immediately to Dr. Charles S. Tripler, medical director, for instructions as to its organization.

II. General Negley will march as soon as practicable with the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Regiments, under special instructions. He will leave two companies of his command to follow to-morrow, also under special instructions.

III. Captain A. Doubleday, First Artillery, will move his battery as soon as possible, and be governed by such instructions as he shall receive from these headquarters.

IV. These commands will be provided with ten days' rations, three cooked.

V. The quartermaster's department will provide transportation for the regiments. Such of this transportation as may be called for by the deputy quartemaster-general will be returned here at such times as he shall designate.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 19, 1861.

Brigadier-General McDOWELL, U. S. Army,

Commanding, &amp;c., Arlington, Va.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief desires you to make the necessary requisitions, and to take proper steps for arming the works along your lines and putting them in a complete state of defense without delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The general did not understand that the Falls Church was to be occupied by your troops. He thought the crossing of the railroad with the road from Georgetown was the most advanced post.

[2.]

