HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, June 19, 1861.

Captain ROBERT WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Annapolis, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: Your letter of the 17th instant indicating the movement of troops by Major-General Banks from Annapolis and the Relay House to Baltimore has been received.* The movement is considered by the General-in-Chief very judicious.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ANNAPOLIS,Fort McHenry, June 19, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: Major-General Banks, commanding the Department of Annapolis, directs me to submit to you for the information of the General-in-Chief the following report of the positions and numbers of the troops in this department, viz: A battalion of the Second Regiment New Jersey State Militia, Lieutenant-Colonel Speer commanding, stationed on the railroad from Laurel to Bladensburg, headquarters at Bladensburg, aggregate 280 men; the Twentieth New York State Militia, Colonel George W. Patt commanding, on railroad from Annapolis to Laurel, headquarters at Annapolis Junction, aggregate 789 men; of these 476 men are at the Junction. The Sixth Regiment New York State Militia, stationed at Annapolis, aggregate 506 men, Colonel J. C. Pinkney commanding; the Sixth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Edward F. Jones commanding, stationed at the Relay House, Md., aggregate 635 men; the Eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Edward W. Hinks commanding, stationed at Relay House, aggregate 706 men; the battery of boston Light Artillery, Major Asa M. Cook commanding, stationed in the southern outskirts of Baltimore, on line of railroad from Baltimore to Washington, aggregate 116 men, 6 pieces; the Twenty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Militia, Colonel Turner G. Morehead commanding, stationed at same place, aggregate 774 men; the Thirteenth Regiment New York State Militia, Colonel Abel Smith commanding, stationed at same place, aggregate 1,000 men; the First Regiment Maryland Volunteers, Colonel John R. Kenly commanding, stationed at same place, aggregate about 900 men (exact aggregate not known); two companies Second Regiment Maryland Volunteers, stationed with First Regiment, aggregate 202 men; the Eighteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel William D. Lewis, Jr., commanding, stationed at Federal Hill, Baltimore, aggregate 780 men, with 6 pieces of field artillery from Fort McHenry taken from secessionists; the Nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Peter Lyle commanding, stationed on outskirts of Baltimore between Federal Hill and Fort McHenry, aggregate 770 men; the Third Battalion Massachusetts Mounted Rifles, Major Charles Devens, Jr., commanding, stationed in Fort McHenry, aggregate 314 men; Companies I (Second Artillery) and K (Fourth Artillery), U. S. Army, post, field, and staff, with attached garrison, Major W. W. Morris commanding the fort, aggregate 206 men. The

---------------

* See VOL. II, p. 699.

---------------

