
assigned to the command of the brigade to consist of the Eighth Regiment New York State Militia, Colonel Lyons, and Fourteenth Regiment New York State Militia, Colonel Wood. The brigade to be hereafter increased.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell:

J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, July 2, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

General-in-Chief of the U. S. Army, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose an order addressed to you by the President, authorizing you, or any officer aciting under your command, to suspend the writ of habeas corpus on or in the vicinity of any military line between this city and the city of New York, should it be deemed necessary.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

To the COMMANDING GENERAL, Army of the United States:

You are engaged in repressing an insurrection against the laws of the United States. If at any point on or in the vicinity of any military line which is now or which shall be used between the city of New York and the city of Washington you find resistance which renders it necessary to suspend the writ of habeas corpus for the public safety, you personally or through the officer in command at the point where resistance occurs are authorized to suspenc that writ.

Given under my hand and the seal of the United States at the city of Washington this 2nd day of July, A. D. 1861, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President of the United States:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 167. Washington, D. C., July 2, 1861.

I. The following-named regiments and light battery will constitute a brigade, which is hereby placed under the command of Colonel A. E. burnside, of the First Regiment of Rhode Island Militia: First Regiment Rhode Island Militia, Second Regiment Rhode Island Militia, Seventy-first Regiment New York State Militia, Second Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers; light battery Second Rhode Island State Militia.

II. The following-named regiments will constitute a brigade, which is hereby placed under the command of Colonel I. B. Richardson, Second Regiment of Michigan Volunteers: Second Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Third Regiment Michigan Volunteers, First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Twelfth Regiment New York Volunteers.

By command of Brigadier-General Mansfield:

THEO. TALBOT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

