
fifty or sixty District of Columbia volunteers with the train. The squadron of cavalry and section of artillery which came out with me were ordered back to Washington on the 30th ultimo. Harper's Ferry was suddenly occupied yesterday by a few of the enemy, who opened fire on our pickets. In the firing which followed there was slight loss on both sides; on ours, 1 killed and 3 wounded, all of the Ninth Regiment, New York. The enemy retired.

very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. P STONE,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Martinsburg, Pa., July 5, 1861.

Colonel CHARLES P. STONE,

Commanding Expedition en route to this place:

SIR: The commanding genera directs you to join this column at the earliest moment, indicating the crossing at Williamsport as affording the greatest expedition, and securing the rear. If you are short of transportation you are authorized to hire all necessary vehicles in the country, and to press with promise to pay the teams of unwilling owners. The general wishes to hear from you at the earliest moment.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General

The commanding general says reduce your baggage to the lowest limit, your tents leave behind, and push on here. 'Tis an urgent matter.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 26. Arlington, Va., July 6, 1861.

I. Colonel E. D. Keyes, Eleventh Infantry, having reported for duty in compliance with orders from the Headquarters of the Army, is assigned to the command of the brigade now under Brigadier-General Tyler, consisting of the First, Second, and Third Connecticut Regiments, the Second Maine Regiment, and Captain Varian's battery, of the Eighth Regiment New York State Militia.

* * * * * * *

VI. Colonel Miles, retaining his regimental staff, band, and headquarters, is assigned to the command of a division to consist at present of Colonel Davies' and Colonel Howard's brigades, not yet fully made up.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General McDowell:

JAMES B. FRY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

