HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 6, 1861.

Colonel C. P. STONE, U. S. Army:

SIR: Your several telegrams of the 2d, 3d, and 4th instant, and letters of the 4th and two of he 5th have been received.* The General-in-Chief has been highly pleased with the whole conduct of your expedition, and only regrets that it has not been in his power to furnish you additional cavalry and artillery and permit you to carry out the plans suggested by you. Paramount interests, however, induced him to place you with General Patterson's column, and having done so, he had no further instructions to give you. Measures have been taken to send a Government telegraph operator to Point of Rocks and Harper's Ferry as suggested by you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 6, 1861.

General R. PATTERSON,

Martinsburg, Va.:

A fine Massachusetts regiment, under Colonel G. H. Gordon, has just been ordered to proceed from Boston to Williamsport to report to you. General Sandford, with two regiments besides those which leave to-day, will go hence to Hagerstown to-morrow, where they will need transportation.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA, Numbers 31. Martinsburg, Va., July 6, 1861.

I. The following Articles of War will be read to each command, and be posted in a conspicuous place in each camp and quarters. All officers and good soldiers are required to check with a firm hand any violation of these regulations, and to arrest and report the offenders forthwith, in order that they may be brought to punishment, and the good name of this army and of the American people protected from dishonor:

ARTICLE 49. Any officer belonging to the service of the United States, who by discharging of fire-arms, beating of drums, or by any other means whatsover, shall occasion false alarms in camp, garrison, or quarters, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a courtmartial.

ARTICLE 51. No officer or soldier shall do violence to any person who brings provisions or other necessaries to the camp, garrison, or quarters of the forces of the United States, employed in any parts out of the said States, upon pain of death, or such other punishment as a court-martial shall direct.

ARTICLE 52. Any officer or soldier who shall misbehave himself before the enemy, run away, or shamefully abandon any fort, post, or guard which he or they may be commanded to defend, or speak words inducing others to do the like, or shall cast away his arms and ammunition, or who shall quit his post or colors to plunder and pillage, every such offender, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a general court-martial.

---------------

* See VOL. II, pp. 120, 121.

---------------

