
ARTICLE 54. All officers and soldiers are to behave themselves orderly in quarters and on their march, and whoever shall commit any waste or spoil, either in walks of trees, parks, warrens, fish-ponds, houses or gardens, corn-fields, inclosure of meadows, or shall maliciously destroy any propery whatsover belonging to the inhabitants of the United States, unless by the order of the then commander-in-chief of the armies of the said States, shall (besides such penalties as they are liable to by law) be punished according to the nature and degree of the offense, by the judgment of a regimental or general court-martial.

ARITCLE 56. Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money, victuals, or ammunition, or who shall knowingly harbor and protect an enemy, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

ARTICLE 57. Whosoever shall be convicted of holding correspondence with, or giving intelligence to, the enemy, either directly or indirectly, shall suffer death or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

II. The names and offices of all persons engaged in plundering or wantonly destroying property, and of officer conniving at such disgraceful practices, will, on detection, be published to the army and the country.

III. The commanding general has assured the citizens of protection while peacefully following their ordinary avocations, and no one worthy of association with honorable men will disturb them. He relies upon the loyal men of his command, who are here to assert the supremacy of the laws of the country, to see that they are not violated with impunity by wretches who assume the garg of the soldier only to disgrace it.

IV. All officers will be held responsible for the enforcement of these regulations within their respective commands.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assitant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPT. OF NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 13. Washington, July 8, 1861.

Until otherwise ordered, the following will be the organization of the troops in this department:

Staff of the department commander: Captain James B. Fry, assistant adjutant-general. Aides-de-camp-First Lieutenant H. W. Kingsbury, Fifth Artillery; Major clarence S. Brown, New York State Militia; Major James S. Wadsworth, New York State Militia. Acting inspector-general-Major W. H. Wood, Seventeenth Infantry. Engineers-Major J. G. Barnard, First Lieutenant F. E. Prime. Topographical engineers-Captain A. W. Whipple, First Lieutenant Henry L. Abbot, Second Lieutenant Haldimand S. Putnam. Quartermaster's department-Captain O. H. Tillinghast, assistant quartermaster. Subsistence department-Captain H. F. Clarke, commissary of subsistence. Medical department-Surg. W. S. King, Asst. Surg. David L. Magruder.

First Division Brigadier General Daniel Tyler, Connecticut, commanding: First Brigade, Colonel E. D. Keyes, Eleventh Infantry, commanding-First Connecticut Regiment Volunteers, Second Connecticut Regiment Volunteers, Third Connecticut Regiment Volunteers, Second Maine Regiment Volunteers, Captain Varian's battery, of the New York Eighth [Militia] Regiment; Company B, Second Cavalry. Second Brigade, Brigadier General Robert C. Schenck, Ohio Volunteers-First Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Second Ohio Regiment Volunteers, Second Regiment New York Volunteers; Company E, Second Artillery (light battery). Third Brigade, Colonel William T. Sherman, Thirteenth Infantry, commanding-Sixty-ninth Regiment New York Militia, Seventy-ninth

