
of the regiment, who was energetic in conveying orders. I also recommend to his favorable attention Captain L. H. N. Sayer, of Company H, who, under the supervision of Major Thorburn, rendered with a portion of his company most effective service against the sharpshooters of the enemy. Corporal Lyon, of Company I, exhibited bravery and great skill in picking off several of the enemy who were posted behind trees after the main body had fallen back. All the officers of the regiment behaved with gallantry and coolness throughout the action. Our loss was 3 privates wounded; 2 lieutenants, 1 sergeant, and 11 privates missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. REYNOLDS,

Colonel Fiftieth Virginia Regiment, Floyd's Brigade, C. S. Army.

Captain W. E. PETERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Floyd's Brigade.

[5.]

SEPTEMBER 11, 1861.- Reconnaissance from Chain Bridge to Lewisville, Va., and action.

Report of Captain Thomas L. Rosser, C. S. Army, commanding Second Battery, Battalion Washington (La.) Light Artillery.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTERY, WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,Munson's Hill, Va., September 14, 1861.

MAJOR: In obedience to an order received from Colonel J. E. B. Stuart, on the 11th instant, about 12 o'clock, I immediately proceeded with on section of my battery (one 3-inch rifled gun and one 12 - pounder howitzer) in rear of the regiment of infantry which I found at Taylor's Cross- Roads in the direction of Lewisville, until we reached the vicinity of the enemy, and considerably in his rear- a narrow lane, where the column halted. I then rode forward to observe the position of the enemy. I ascertained that his right had discovered our approach and was moving rapidly to his rear and left to join the main body of his forces. But before the alarm had been communicated to the left I moved my section of artillery forward, and surprised, by a shot from the rifle, a large body of infantry which was occupying an inclosure and house about 600 yards off. This evidently was their first notification of our presence, and threw them into great confusion. This shot was followed quickly by a spherical case from the howitzer, whose effect was to scatter the enemy and put him in retreat. The road over which the enemy retreated is, in this locality, nearly parallel to the lane in which my pieces w ere planted, and from the rapidity of my fire and the confusion of the enemy consequent upon every discharge, I can but believe that he suffered terribly. After he had been driven from the field I rode over this ground and found 2 killed, 1 mortally wounded, and captured 1 prisoner. THE road here was plowed by my projectiles and thick with fragments of shell, and strewn with canteens, haversacks, and thick with fragments of shell, and strewn with canteens, haversacks, and a few muskets of the enemy. Upon a slight eminence near a house a few paces from the road and to the right of my position two field pieces, a rifle and a howitzer, were placed, which returned our fire warmly until their retreating column had passed; then, re- enforced by six more pieces, kept up the fire for a short time from this position, then fired returning, evidently supposing themselves pursued, for as I rode along in their rear I observed their projectile s falling far in advance of me, and fully a mile in advance of my battery.

