
[Extract.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Bunker Hill, Va., July 16, 1861.

The troops will move to-morrow in the following order, commencing at 3 a. m. The Seventh (Stone's) Brigade, of Sandford's division, with Doubleday's battery and train, two sections of Perkins' battery and one company of cavalry attached temporarily thereto.

* * * * * * *

Colonel Stone's brigade, after the column has reached Smithfield or Middleway on the route to Charlestown, will pass forward to the latter place, keeping a strict watch upon the Winchester railroad, that no enemy from that quarter be thrown upon the flank of the column. The wagons will be formed in one train immediately after the advance brigade of Cadwalader' division, arranged in the order of march of their respective brigades and regiments. The regimental and brigade quartermasters will be required to superintend the march of their trains, and they will be held strictly accountable that the trains are kept closed and that no delay arise from bad or careless drivers. Each regiment will furnish a guard for its train, which will aid in keeping the wagons up.

By order of Major-General Patterson:

F. J. PORTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA,Mouth of Pocotaligo, July 16, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

SIR: At Red House I was joined by half the First Kentucky Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Enyart. I ordered him to join me, for two reasons: First, because my advance beyond Ripley was such that I felt assured that there was no danger of its being attacked by any considerable force, and second, because our wagon train was not sufficient to allow to Colonel Guthrie transportation enough for a whole regiment. I am now waiting at this point, which I reached last night, for the advance of the Second Kentucky from Guayandotte to Caolsmouth, and the half of the First Kentucky (if Colonel Guthrie finds it safe to do so) from Ripley to Sissonville. I shall then have my whole force, except part of the Eleventh (three companies), which is guarding stores at Point Pleasant, concentrated at three points upon a line of twenty miles long, commanding all the roads converging at Charleston from Parkersburg to Guyandote. I have not yet received the remainder of my artillery, and the necessity of sending a strong detachment to communicate with the Second Kentrucky has used all the horsemen who are equipped, except half a dozen. I look of rboth artillery and cavalry daily. The progress thus far has been steady, but for the last day it has been in the face of constant skirmishing. Small bodies of riflemen occupy the hills, and do not leave them till driven out by our skirmishers, who, being armed with altered muskets, are at a disadvantage as to the range of their pieces. We have, however, had but one man seriously hurt, and he, I think, will recover. The best information I can now get puts the force at Charleston superior to my own in numbers and in artillery. It is said they have so weakened the suspension bridge that it can be let fall at a moment's warning; that their battery

