HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF Maryland,Fort McHenry, July 26, 1861.

Major ASA M. COOK,

Commanding Massachusetts Battery Light Artillery:

MAJOR: The term of service of your command has expired. Your officers and men are entitled to their discharge. They were among the first to respond to the call of the Government at a moment of great public peril. They have performed their duty ably, promptly, and faithfully, and they will receive the thanks of their State and of the whold country. Whenever they ask to be sent home transportation will be promptly provided. But it is my earnest request that they continue till Tuesday, the 30th instant, to hold the position they occupy. By that day I shall be able to relieve them. The unfortunate reverse at Manassas has compelled me to make the request. But for that occurrence they would ere this have been provided with transportation to their homes. I tried to see them and explain to them more fully than I am able to do on paper the necessity for their services during the few days to come. Present this appeal to them, and let them act as their good name and that of the glorious Commonwealth they represent shall seem to require.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 26, 1861.

Colonel CHARLES J. BIDDLE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cumberland, Md.:

Hasten with the two Pennsylvania regiments to join the force at Harper's Ferry.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 26, 1861.

Colonel JOHN W. GEARY,

Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Philadelphia:

Hasten without delay to Harper's Ferry via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

[2.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, July 27, 1861.

On motion of Mr. F. P. Blair, Jr.:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to communicate to this House a copy of the letter and report of Honorable Joseph Holt to the President of United States, dated 18th February, 1861, in response to a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 11th of said month, requesting the reasons for assembling the United States troops at the seat of Government of the United States.*

Attest:

EM. ETHERIDGE,

Clerk.

[2.]

---------------

* See Scott to Grow, August 5, 1861, p. 435.

---------------

