
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 1. Washington, July 27, 1861.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 47, of July 25, 1861, from the War Department, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Division of the potomac, comprising the Military Departments of Washington and Northeastern Virginia. Headquarters for the present at Washington. The following-named officers are announced upon the division staff: Bvt. Major S. Williams, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. G. Barnard, corps of engineers; Captain S. Van Vliet, assistant quartermaster; Captain H. F. Clarke, commissary of subsistence; Major W. F. Barry, Fifth Artillery, chief of artillery.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF Maryland,Fort McHenry, July 29, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE, Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: The surveyor of the port of Baltimore, who will hand you this, wishes to make some representations to you in regard to the intercourse carried on between this State and Virginia. A larger force of small steamers is needed in the bay. There is not a single one this side of the mouth of the Potomac, and there is a constant supply of articles of merchandise, some of them for military uses, through the Patuxent and Rappahannock. It is very desirable that this intercourse should be broken up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 36. Sandy Hook, July 29, 1861.

I. The following officers compose the department staff, and will be at these headquarters if their stations are not specially designated: Captain Robert Williams, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel Fitz John Porter, Fifteenth Infantry, acting inspector-general; Capts. John Newton, John D. Kurtz, and Second Lieutenant O. E. Babcock, Engineer Corps; Capts. James H. Simpson, James W. Abert, and Second Lieutenant J. L. Kirby Smith, Topographical Engineers; Lieutenant Colonel George H. Crosman, deputy quartermaster-general; Captain A. R. Eddy, assistant quartermaster, Hagerstown Depoat; Captain Boyd, assistant quartermaster, Sandy Hook; Captain Woods, Ninth Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain E. G. Beckwith, Third Artillery, chief commissary; Firt Lieutenant Bruyeres, First Wisconsin Regiment, Acting assistant commisary of subsistence, Sandy Hook Depot, in charge supply trains; Surg. C. S. Tripler, medical director; Surgeon Cooper, medical purveyor, Hagerstown; Asst. Surg. W. A. Hammond, medical department, Hagerstown. All orders given by the chief of each department in the name and by the authority of the commanding general will be promptly obeyed.

II. The following organization of brigades will go into effect at once. Regimental and battery commanders will report in person to their brigade commanders:

First Brigade, Colonel George H. Thomas, Second Cavalry, commanding: Second U. S. Cavalry and Philadelphia City Troop and section New

