
York Ninth; Rhode Island battery, Captain Reynolds commanding; Nineteenth New york Volunteers, Colonel--- commanding; Twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, Colonel Donnelly commanding; Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Geary commanding; Second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Mann commanding.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. J. Abercrombie, Seventh Infantry, commanding: First Artillery Battery, Major Doubleday commanding: Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Gordon commanding; Fourth [Twelfth] Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Webster commanding; Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Hackeman commanding; Twelfth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Wallace commanding.

Third Brigade, Colonel Charles P. Stone, Fourteenth Infantry, commanding: Fourth Artillery Battery, Captain Perkins commanding; Ninth New York Volunteers, Colonel Stiles commanding; Third Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Hamilton comanding; Fifth New York Volunteers, Colonel--- commanding, until the expiration of their term of service; First New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Tappan commanding.

III. The artillery and cavalry will return to the brigade to which it is assigned on executing the duty for which they may at any time be temporarily detached. The batteries and the Second Massachusetts Regiment are now specially posted, and unless the emergency be urgent ans so sudden that reference cannot be made to the commanding general they will no tbe removed except by orders from the commanding general.

IV. Regiments will be held ready for review and inspection at any moment by the inspector-general.

V. Drills will take place regularly, three times a day, under the supervision and direction of the brigade commander, and be dispensed only by their orders.

VI. Major-General Sanford, New York Militia, on his own request, is relieved from duty with this column, and will report for orders to Lieutenant-General Scott.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 133. July 29, 1861.

The Twentieth Pennsylvania Regiment, Colonel William H. Gray, and the Twenty-first Pennsylvania Regiment, Colonel John F. Ballier, their terms of service having expired, will take transportation to their place of mustering in, to be mustered out of service.

By order of General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 141. Sandy Hook, July 29, 1861.

The light artillery under Captain Tompkins, their term of service having expired, will take transportation to Providence, R. I., to be mustered out of service.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

