
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 2. Washington, July 30, 1861.

The general commanding the division has with much regret observed that large numbers of officers and men stationed in the vicinity of Washington are in the habit of frequenting the streets and hotels of the city. This practice is eminently prejudicial to good order and military discipline, and must at once be discontinued. The time and services of all persons connected with this division should be devoted to their appropriate duties with their respective commands. It is therefore directed that hereafter no officer or soldier be allowed to absent himself from his camp and visit Washington, except for the performance of some public duty or for the transaction of important pirvate business, for which purposes written permits will be given by the commanders of brigades. The permit will state the object of the visit. Brigade commanders will be held responsible for the strict execution of this order. Colonel Andrew Porter, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, is detailed for temporary duty as provost-marshal in Washington, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Colonel Porter will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF HE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 144. Sandy Hook, July 30, 1861.

The Fifth and Twelfth New York Regiments, their term of service having expired, will take transportation to New York, there to be mustered out of service.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 13. Washington, July 31, 1861.

It has been the prayer of every patriot that the tramp and din of civil war might at least spare the precincts within which repose the sacred remains of the Father of his Country. But this pious hope is disappointed. Mount Vernon, so recently consecreted anew to the immortal Washington by the ladies of America, has already been overrun by bands of rebels, who, having trampled under footthe Constitution of the United States-the ark of our freedom and prosperity-are prepared to trample on the ashes of him to whom we are all mainly indebted for those mighty blessings.

Should the operations of war take the United States troops in that direction, the General-in-Chief does not doubt that each and every man will approach with due reverence, and leave uninjured, not only the tomb, but also the house, the groves, and walks which were so loved by the best and gratest of men.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

By command:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

