HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF Maryland,Fort McHenry, July 31, 1861.

Captain Henry B. NONES,

U. S. Revenue Service:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed with the revenue cutter Forward to the mouth of the Severn River and take such measures as you may deem proper to break up the intercourse supposed to be carried on between that river and the Patuxent in contraband articles destined to Virginia. A delicate and discreet discrimination must be made between commercial transactions by citizens of Maryland with each other and those with the Confederate States. The former must not be interrupted or disturbed, except so far as may be necessary to make proper examinatons for your own information, but all arms, ammunition, munitions of war, and articles obviously intended for military uses will be detained and reported to the commanding officer of the department. You are hereby authorized to take possession of he schooner Georgiana and use her as a tender to the Forward. Any facilities you may require in the execution of the trust confided to you will be furnished by Colonel Roberts, of the First Pennsylvania, commanding officer at Annapolis, to whom a copy of this letter will be sent.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

[2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF Maryland,Fort McHenry, Md., July 31, 1861.

Colonel HALBERT E. PAINE,

Fourth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Relay House, Md.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding has instructed me to acknowledge their eceipt of your communication of yesterday, and to reply that the prompt disposition made of your force on your arrival at the Relay House has his approval. The verbal message sent you to the effect that "you might start to-day or to-morrow" was intended as personal, it being expected that the command would proceed to its destination under the next senior officer, it whom instructions would be transferred by Colonel E. F. Jones, in command of the troop ordered to be relieved. You are to make such a disposition of your command as will best guard the railroad and bridges on that portion of the railroad between Baltimore and Washington that was recently guarded by the Sixth Massachusetts Regiment Militai, using your own discretion as to the manner in which this should be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PELOUZE,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 38. Sandy Hook, July 31, 1861.

The Sixth Connecticut Regiment is assigned to the First Brigade, Colonel Thomas commanding. Colonel Thomas will change its present camp to one nearer the camps of the other regiments of his brigade.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[2.]

