
Brigadier-General Kearny's brigade-First, Second, Third New Jersey Volunteers; Greene's battery, Company G, second Artillery; Company G, Second Cavalry.

Brigadier-General Hooker's brigade-First and Eleventh Regiments Massachusetts Volunteers, Second New Hampshire Volunteers, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvnia Volunteers.

Colonel Keyes' brigade-Twenty-second, Twenty-fourth, Thirtieth New York Volunteers, Fourteenth New York Militia.

Brigadier-General Franklin's brigade-Fifteenth, Eighteenth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Regiments New York Volunteers; Platt's battery, Company M, Second Artillery.

Colonel Blenker' brigade-Eighth and Twenty-ninth New York Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Garibaldi Guards, New York Volunteers.

Colonel Richardson's brigade-Twelfth Regiment New York Volunteers, Second and Third Regiments Michigan Volunteers.

Brigadier-General Stone's brigade-Thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, Tammany Regiment (or Jackson Guard), First Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, Second Regiment New York State Militia.

Colonel W. F. Smith's brigade-Second and Third Regiments Vermont Volunteers, Sixth Regiment Maine Volunteers, Thirty-third Regiment New York Volunteers; Company H, Second Cavalry; Captain Mott's [New York] battery.

Colonel Couch's temporary brigade-Second Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

The Second Regiment Maine Volunteers and the Second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers will remain at Fort Corcoran, and report to Brigadier General W. T. Sherman. The Twenty-first Regiment New York Volunteers will remain at Fort Runyon, and report to Brigadier-General McDowell. The Seventeenth Regiment New York volunteers will remain at Fort Ellsworth, and report to Brigadier-General Hunter. The brigade commanders will report in person, with as little delay as possible, at these headquarters for information respecting the present position of the regiments under their command, and for instructions regarding the location of their brigades when formed.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 5, 1861.

Honorable GALUSHA A. GROW,

Speaker House of Representatives:

SIR: In compliance with the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 27th ultimo, I have the honor to transmit herewith "a copy of the letter and report of Honorable Joseph Holt to the President of the United States, dated February 18, 1861, in response to a resolution of the House of Representatives of the 11th of said month, requesting the reasons for assembling the United States troops at the seat of Government of the United States."

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

