
forward adequate re-enforcements before the revolution began, the disastrous political complicatins that ensued might not have occurred.

Impressed by these circumstances and considerations, I earnestly besought you to allow the concentration at this city of a sufficient military force to preserve the public peace from all the dangers that seemed to threaten it. An open manifestation on the part of the Administration of a determination, as well as the ability, to maintain the laws would, I was convinced, prove the surest, as also the most pacific, mmeans of baffling and dissolying any conspiracy that might have been organized. It was believed, too, that the highest and most solemn responsibility resting upon a President withdrawing from the Government was to secure to his successor a peaceful inauguration.

So deeply, in my judgment, did this duty concern the whole country and the fair fame of our institutions, that to guarante its faithful dishcarge I was persuaded no preparation could be too determined or too complete. The presence of the troops alluded to in the resolution is the result of he conclusion arrived at by yourself and cabinet on the proposition submitted to you by this Department. Already this display of life and loyalty on the part of your adminstration has produced the happiest effects. Public confidence has been restored, and the feverish apprehensions, which it was so moritfying to contemplate, have been banished. Whatever may have been the machinations of deluded, lawless men, the executions of their purposes have been suspended, if not altogether abandoned, in view of preparations which announce more impressively than words that this Administration is alike able and resolved to transfer in peace to the President-elect the authority that under the Constitution belongs to him.

To those, if such there be, who desire the destruction of the Republic the presence of these troops is necessarily offensive; but those who sincerely love our institutions cannot fail to rejoice that by this timely precaution they have possibly escaped the deep dishonor which they must have suffered had the capital, like the forts and arsenals of the South, fallen into the hands of revolutionists, who have found this great Government weak only because, in the exhaustless beneficence of its spirit, it has refused to strike, even it its own defense, lest it should be the aggressor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

[2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 128. Washington, August 5, 1861.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General Rufus King, having reported for duty, will repair to Baltimore and report to Major-General Dix.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 11. Washington, August 5, 1861.

First. The First, Second, and Third Regiments, Excelsior Brigade, and the Seventy-ninth Regiment New York State Militia, will constitute

