
Report of Captain John C. Higginbotham, Twenty- fifth Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY- FIFTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLS.,Camp Barrow, W. Va., October 4, 1861.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order issued me upon the morning of the 3rd instant my regiment was formed calmly and marched immediately tot he trench assigned and marked as my destination and post in the then coming engagement. We were not there long until ordered to leave our arms and return to quarters to obtain breakfast fort he command, but were soon seen to retrace our steps back as the roll beat to arms. The enemy were then in full view of the left of our lines, but did not advance sufficiently near to open the conflict until, I think, 8.05 a. m. when we were kept under a heavy fire from their artillery, increasing gradually as an advance was made upon us, and new batteries being located, with which they seemed fortunate enough almost, in two or there instances, to get the range of our ditches. Your order was promptly complied with by sending a re- enforcement of twenty men under Lieutenant Fitchett, of the Upshur Greys, to the aid of COLONEL Scott, whilst they were exposed to a good and tolerably well- directed fire from the enemy's guns. My command was not brought into action at any time during the engagement, but I can with pleasure state I never saw more caution, good, soldier- like behavior, and true eagerness for the fray than was exhibited upon the part of the men and officers yesterday.

With the highest respect, I am, yours in obedience,

John C. HIGGINBOTHAM,

Captain, Commanding Twenty- fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Actg. Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRON,

Commanding Fifth Brigade of Virginia Vols., at Greenbrier River.

[5.]

Report of Colonel William C. Scott, Forty- fourth Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY- FOURTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,October 4, 1861.

The undersigned, colonel of the Forty- fourth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers, being directed by Colonel W. B. Taliaferro to report to him the movements of the enemy, s o far as they come within his observation, together with the action and behavior of his regiment in the battle of yesterday, begs leave to submit the following report:

The Forty- fourth Regiment occupying that part of the entrenchments nearest the enemy, and immediately between their batteries and those attached to the brigade which you command, whilst it exposed that regiment and their camp greatly to the effect of the enemy's shot, it the better enabled the undersigned to watch and ascertain their movements. THE battle commenced about- a. m. and lasted till- p. m., during the whole of which time an active cannonading took place, with scarcely any intermission, but although the Forty- fourth Regiment was comparatively greatly exposed from the cause above mentioned, and one who served our artillery was killed and several others wounded in a few feet of our line, yet the undersigned is pleased to state that not one of our regiment was killed and but two stunned and knocked down by a cannon ball, and two or three others slightly wounded from the effects of shells. THE enemy being near the river for some time after

