
passage of the Gauley at all times. The town of Charleston is the headquarters of the secessionists of this valley, and I have kept a regiment there since I came through the place. At present Colonel Lowe, of the Twelfth Ohio, commands that post, having with him two companies of the Twelfth, two Virginia companies from Mason City, and the Twenty-sixth Ohio. I think the stationing of two companies at Poca, or Red House, and one or two at Thirteen-Mile Creek, with two or three at Point Pleasant, is necessary to secure the safe passage of messengers and boats, and the speedy quieting of the valley. I have already suggested the propriety of stationing some force at Guayandotte. I should have remarked above, when speaking of the topography of this country, that the channels of both the Gauley and New Rivers are very rocky, and so irregular and full of seams and chasms that we can learn of no practicable ford on either of them as far as our reconnaissances have extended. I do not pretend that the opinions I have expressed have any value, except as they may show you how the country and the movements of the enemy have impressed my own mind, situated as I am in the midst of them. Your dispatches received to-day direct me to move to Summersville, after fortifying this place so that a regiment may hold it. Lieutenant Wagner's report will show that this will necessarily involve some delay. Meanwhile I shall make my arrangements for moving and await your orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 14. Washington, August 8, 1861.

That there may be a military authority in the city of New York to which reference may be made, as in the case of a post or depot, the limits proper of the city will be considered a military station, to the temporary command of which Colonel Scott, Inspector-General, is hereby assigned.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 12. Washington, August 8, 1861.

1. Captain A. V. Colburn, Adjutant-General's Department, having reported to the commanding general in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 206, of July 31, 1861, from the War Department, is assigned to duty upon the division staff. This assignment to have effect from the 31st ultimo.

2. First Lieutenant O. M. Poe, Corps of Topographical Engineers, having reported to the commanding general, is assigned to duty upon the division staff. This assignment to have effect from July 31, 1861.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

