
Memorandum for General Franklin.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., August 8, 1861.

Communicate with the railroad managers. Bid them have a train in constant readiness at Alexandria. Locomotive fired up ready to throw at least 2,000 men forward on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad whenever orders shall be given to that effect.

By order of Brigadier-General McDowell:

HENRY W. KINGSBURY,

First Lieutenant of Artillery and Aide-de-Camp.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 20. August 8, 1861.

1. Captain George L. Hartsuff, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, having reported for duty to the general commanding, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 206, from the War Department, is hereby announced as chief of the staff in this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

2. Captain C. Kingsbury, Jr., is relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, and will report himself at the headquarters of regiment at Ironton, to be mustered out of service. The general commanding takes great pleasure in expressing his gratification at the manner in which Captain Kingsbury has performed his duties as acting assistant adjutant-general and with his general zeal and efficiency as an officer.

By order of Brigadier-General Rosecrans, U. S. Army:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 18. Washington, August 9, 1861.

1. The Fifth and Sixth Wisconsin Regiments and the Nineteenth Indiana Regiment will constitute a provisional brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General Rufus king, of the volunteer service. The brigade will occupy for the present a position in the vicinity of Meridian Hill, which will be indicated by Lieutenant O. M. Poe, Corps of Topographical Engineers.

2. Brigadier General A. Porter, provost-marshal of Washington, is also appointed provost marshal of Georgetown, and will assume the military charge of the railroad station in this city and the Washington terminus of the Long Bridge; also of the ferries in Georgetown and the aqueduct at that place. The guard now furnished at the points mentioned, by the command of Brigadier-General Mansfield, will be relieved as soon as practicable by guards to be detailed from the troops placed under the command of Brigadier-General Porter.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 21. Washington, August 11, 1861.

The Fourteenth and Fifteenth Regiments Massachusetts Volunteers having reported to the commanding general, are assigned to duty with King's brigade, which they will join with as little delay as practicable.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

