SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 173. Sandy Hook, August 11, 1861.

Surg. W. S. King, medical staff, having reported for duty at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Nol 210, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, August 5, 1861, is hereby appointed medical director of this department. Surg. C. S. Tripler, medical staff, is relieved from the duties of medical director of this department, and will report in person to Major-General McClellan, commanding the Department of Northeastern Virginia.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 11, 1861.

General ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

Captain Benham left this morning to return to you. It is reported that efforts are being made by the secessionists in Raleigh, Giles, and other counties southwest of there to reorganize the companies that abandoned Wise; also that there is some stir among the secessionists along the south side of the Kanawha, indicating the possibility of a move around in that direction in our rear. I greatly need cavalry to test the truth of these rumors. Colonel Fyffe's regiment, the Twenty-sixth Ohio, is encamped about eight miles below us, awaiting orders. That is the nearest camping ground to this point where they can have room for any drill, of which they have heretofore had none. They had move drom Charleston before your dispatch of the 9th reached me.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

SUMMERSVILLE, VA., August 11, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

SIR: Since the receipt of your dispatch of the 7th instant, ordering me to await the arrival of General Cox and to place myself under his command and march on Lewisburg, I have nothing from you. General Cox is yet at Gauley Bridge, or was last night at dark, and at that time had not given orders to advance. Your order, as I understand it, directed me to remain here until the arrival of General Cox, reconnoitering the Meadow River road well to the front, which I have done. The quartermaster of my regiment made requisition on post quartermaster at Clarksburg some time since for shoes, many of the men being nearly barefooted at that time. Lieutenant Morris was notified that shoes were at Weston for us; he dispatched a team at once for them; it returned last night without them. The rocky roads of this country make it very hard for the men to march without shoes; many have, however, been doing so for several days. If we are to remain here for a few days I should be pleased to have your last order so far countermanded as to allow me to detail a force to renovate Webster County, if by you thought advisable. The presence of our men ever does much toward bringing the people to their sences; it has had a glorious effect here, and the people come in by scores; the most rabid secessionists at

