
troops have been withdrawn by order from Richmond. It will be seen that thus far Newport News has been held "without too great risk." A very unpleasant occurrence happened yesterday at that post in Colonel Hawkins' Ninth New York Regiment, which has been heretofore one of the very best. It is enlisted for two years. From a mischievous article in the New York Times the men were led to believe that being two-years' men their enlistment in the service of the United States was but for three months, and seven companeis through their committees addressed to the coloenl a written refusal to do duty longer, and accordingly a large portion of these companies refused to turn out for inspection of Sunday. Of course open mutiny could not for a moment be tolerated. I immediately repaired to that post, had all the regiments ordered in line, reviewed them, and after review examined the recusant regiment; ordered out from it such men as had refused to do duty, arrested and sent to Fort Calhoun their committee, explained to the others, who seemed well-intentioned young men enough, their mistake of rights and their mistaken action and then required all who intended to return to duty to obey the order which I gave them. Every one immediately and promptly obeyed the order; this was effected quietly. I think the whole trouble has arisen from three causes: First, newspaper misrepresentation of the rights and duties of the men; second, discontent because they are not paid, and third, want of proper clothing. The first cause has been effectually removed. I have dispatched my brother as a special messenger to Washington for the purpose of procuring a paymaster and the pay for this and two other regiments and one deached company, some of whom have served more than three months without any pay and from whom I am receiving daily applications for leaves of absence because their families are represented to be starving at home. I am informed that the troops of another regiment are discussing the propriety of refusing to do duty within a day or two unless they are paid. This last has not come to me in such form as to enabale me to take official notice of it. There are some $26,000 of the money of the United States here in the fort, laying at the order of the agent of the Adams Express Co. I have determined unless relief can be afforded to these men, to take this money and distribute it away to the men so far as it will go, taking proper vouchers therefor; and unpleasant responsibility, but one which it may be necessary to assume. Pay is required for the Second, Ninth, and Tenth New York Regiments and an unatteched company from Massachusetts. I beg of the commanding general the promptest aid in this matter, as it is of the very last importance. On the matter of clothing, more than two months since estimates and requisitions for clothing for 10,000 men were made, forwarded, and approved by the Quartermaster's Deparment. That clothing has not yet arrived in suits of uniforms. Large numbers of coats are here and no trousers; large nubers of shoes are here,here are large numbers of shirts, but no flannel sacks. It would seem as if there was an ingenuity exercised to prevent the receipt of full uniforms, but I suppose it is simply the coincidence of mistake. I have sent the assistant quartermaster to Philadelphia to endeavor to rectify this. Brevet Major-General Wool has not yet arrived at this post.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[5.]

