
commands unexpectedly, has shortened our provisions. If we have a few days yet, these can be set right.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Telegrapher send copy to Governor Dennison.)

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 18, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

The enemy is reported in considerable force within sight of my advance guard, about fifteen miles up New River, at Mountain Cove. Colonel Frizell, commanding the advance, thinks they are advancing in force. I have ordered him to contest every inch, but do not yet feel sure that they will attack. I am confident the force at Raleigh is not formidable, and is mostly militia. Colonel Smith, of the Thirteenth, was responsible for the movement this way from Summersville more than Colonel Tyler. The progress of my works has been slow, owing to the nature of the ground, &amp;c., but we are confident that it will take a large force to get us out, whether they come from front or rear. No arrival yet of the ordnance stores you speak of.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OCCUPATION, Numbers 16. Clarksburg, Va., August 20, 1861.

I. General H. W. Benham, U. S. Voluntees, having been placed under the orders of the general commanding, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Brigade and of the Cheat River District, headquarters movable.

* *

By command of Brigadier-General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 139. Washington, August 22, 1861.

I. Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Service, as soon as his health will permit, will repair to Illinois to take command of the troops from that State, and will report to Major-General Fremont, commanding Western Department.

II. Brigadier General R. C. Schenck is assigned to duty in the Department of the Ohio, and will report to Brigadier-General Rosecrans, commanding.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

