
Ferry to Big Falls, connecting with strong force there. General Banks is within a few hours' distance from you and myself. We must hold on to the last if attacked and have every advantage, especially in the present high state of the river.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 141. Washington, August 24, 1861.

I. The following assingment is made of general officers of the volunteer service whose appointments are announced in General Orders, Numbers 62, from the War Department:

To the Department of the Potomac (Major-General McClellan commanding)-Major-Generals Banks and Dix; Brigadier-Generals Heintzelman, Keyes, Andrew Porter, Fitz John Porter, Franklin, Stone, McCall, Montgomery, Kenary, Hooker, Hamilton, Couch, King, Richardson, James Cooper, Lockwood, Blenker, H. W. Slocum, Wadsworth, Morell, Martindale, Stoneman, William F. Smith, Barry.

To the Western Department (Major-General Fremont commanding)-Brigadier-Generals Pope, Grant, Curtis, Hurlbut, Sigel, Prentiss, McClernand.

To the Department of the Cumberland (Brigadier General R. Anderson commanding)-Brigadier General William T. Sherman, Buell, G. H. Thomas.

To the Department of the Ohio (Brigadier-General Rosecrans commanding)-Brigadier Gens. J. J. Reynolds, Cox, Kelley, Benham.

Brigadier-General Phelps is assigned to the Department of Virginia, Brevet Major-General Wool commanding, and Brigadier-General Denver will report in person to Brigadier-General Sumner, commanding Department of the Pacific.

Brigadier General A. S. Williams is assigned to duty with the Michigan regiments in course of organization in that State.

The officers above named who arenot already on duty according to this assignment will report to the generals commanding departments. Those assigned to the Department of the Cumberland will report in person, if practicable, to General Anderson at Cincinnati by the 30th instant.

* *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 3. Washington, August [24], 1861.

* *

3. Keyes's and Wadsworth's brigades will constitute a division, to be commanded by Brigadier General I. McDowell, U. S. Army, headquarters for the present at Arlington.

* *

