
9. The Fifteenth Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteers is transferred to Stone's brigade, which it will proceed to join with as little delay as practicable.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 24, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Our advance guard and scouting parties have been unable to find anything of the enemy for twenty-four hours past, except to see a few of their cavalry at a distance. The firing at pickets has also ceased since the little action the other day. I am chasing them up wherever I can hear of them, but believe that none except some mounted scouts are on this side of Meadwo Mountain now.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 5. Washington, August 25, 1861.

Brigadier General F. J. Porter, volunteer service, is appointed to the command of such of the volunteer infantry troops now in this vicinity as have not been heretofore assigned to brigades, as also of the troops (volunteer infantry) that may be sent to this city for the present. Brigadier-General Porter will organize his command into provisional brigades, to be encamped at such points as may be indicated to him from these headquarters.

His requisitions upon the several departments of the staff for supplies will be promptly complied with.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, August 25, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Hyattstown, Md.:

GENERAL: The enemy opened a fire of cannon from three pieces yesterday morning on our outpost at Conrad's Ferry, and uselessly expended about seventy-five rounds. Their position is such that I cannot command it within the range of my smooth-bore 6-pounders, while it would be easy to dislodge and annoy them with a rifle gun. If conveneint to you, it would be a favor to me to lenad me for a day or two a section of rifled guns with which to punish them. I do not think that the enemy's force is largely increased opposite my positions.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]

