
GAULEY BRIDGE, August 25, 1861-9 p. m.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

We had a sharp skirmish with a company of the enemy's cavalry near Hawk's Nest. They were completely routed, two of them taken prisoners, a considerable number wounded. In their flight a large number of them threw away their arms. The prisoners report that Floyd's forces have moved on Summersville, and this agrees with a report from Tyler to-night that a large force has gotten on this side of the Gauley and is within two miles of him at Cross-Lanes. He says there is no possible mistake about it. The force is reported at 4,000. I send up to-night half of regiment to hold the forks of the road at Peters Creek, in his rear, so that he cannot be cut off from me.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 142. Washington, August 26, 1861.

I. Captain J. B. Fry, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty in the Department of the Potomac, and will report to Major General D. Hunter, in this city.

* *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

STATE OF Maryland, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Annapolis, August 26, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

DEAR SIR: I do not trespass of choice, but of necessity. Sensible of the pressure upon you would avoid this obtrusion, but failing in effort at interview with you whilst in Washington last week, you will, I trust, sir, allow me to say respectfully that I took upon it as being most important to have all assailable points well looked to (from Cape Henry, including eastern counties of Virginia to the mouth of the Potomac, thence to the headwaters, thereof, also the Chesapeake from Potomac River to the head of the bay), as much foul play is going on. I need not tell one of your large experience and observation that you have a wily foe to contend with; that feints will be made and strategies resorted to by the enemy to draw you to their clutches; that they are arranging for a descent upon you at some point or to inveigle you to some favorable point on their side of the line I am convinced. I beg to say the Chesapeake Bay should be thoroughly guarded by steamers (sail-boats better than none), and its tributaries, with armed men on board, to cut off passage of men and other aid that is going constantly to the Confederates. I am sure that sufficient attention is not being paid to the two Eastern Shore counties of Virginia, viz, Accomac and Northampton. If the disloaylists are permitted to congregate there from Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and eslewhere, and encamp with small-arms-an 8-gun battery (brass cannon)-may they not soon become formidable? A moderate force may now disarm

