
and subdue them, but let them alone too long and they will give trouble. If they are attacked, a good battery or two will be needed now, and, before attacking, the bay should be well guarded to prevent escape to the Western Shore; than the Chincoteague Sound, on the eastnortheast side of Northampton, ought to be well looked to, or they will go to se and pass outside the cape and come onto land on the Western Shore of Virginia. I beg you to impress your men with the fact that these Southern men will fight like heroes. I am a Southern man myself, but cannot be a traitor to the Government of my fathers, nor can I co-operate with those corruptly engaged to break up the Union. In the strunggle, now that all hope of compromise is gone, my motto is: Death or victory for the Union. Then, if the abolitionists don't let out negroes alone, I will fight them.

Vigilance is the price of liberty. Let all good Union men bestir themselves. Ease is not to be throught of. Officers in command must not spend too much time at fashionable hotels, theaters, ball-rooms, &amp;c. Let them do their work, and then sport if they save their country. I have faith in you, sir. You have no time for mirth or trifling, nor have I. Excuse, and let me suggest that more troops would be well placed at the Annapolis Junction and at this place. I believe we have an excellent man here, Colonel Roberts. He is active and watchful, and is a gentleman. You cannot better him, I think. Excuse this liberty and familiarity.

Your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 213. Near Hyattstown, Md., August 26, 1861.

In accordance with orders received from Major-General McClellan, commanding the department, Major Doubleday will proceed with all the officers, men, and horses of the First Regiment U. S. Artillery, which are under his command, to Washington, D. C. Upon his arrival at that place he will report in person for orders at the headquarters of the department.

By command of Major-General Banks:

ROBT WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 26, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg:

The officers of the Seventh Regiment who came in report the enemy as a regular force, about 4,000. They say the firing and maneuvering indicated well-drilled troops. I have an advanced guard up each river, and have no fears that we can make a good stand here. We have eight day's supplies. Look out in the direction of Sutton. A large part of the Seventh is missing, but the general opinion is that the mortality is not very great. The enemy had artillery; the number of pieces I cannot learn.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Governor Dennison, at Columbus.)

[5.]

