
AUGUST 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General COX,

Gauley:

Your dispatches of the 24th and 25th received. The latter indicates, though you do not say so, that Floyd's force came down Saturday and Sunday Creek roads. Please in future note such circumstances. It would seem also that he had chosen that as principal route. If so, hold Hawk's Nest firmly and draw him down the Summersville road. Arrange for two boats a day, if necessary, and messengers to connect. Let your information be solid, so that action may be based on it. We may succeed in crushing the enemy's column. Catch him and crush him.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 27, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

The Seventh keep straggling in. I do not think the number of killed large from all I can learn, but a good many are prisoners or scattered. Less than half are now here. All their train is safe here. Colonel Tyler will give me an official report to-day. We have more stores agent full eighteen days' provisions have been sent forward, and will be here when a train five miles below gets here. With this we shall be enabled to hold this position against heavy odds, even if any accident happens to our communications. Forage for horses is the only thing difficult to get. We shall have to get it from Ohio. The force opposed to the Seventh is said by a prisoner to have been in that neighborhood some time, but was joined by a part of that up New River. They have made no new attack. The prisoner stated the number near Summersville at 3,000, with three pieces of cannon, and says a similar force is still up the New River and has been attacking our advance there. Our men are alert and confident, and all duty required is cheerfully done.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA BRIGADE,Gauley Bridge, August 27, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Yours of 26th received. I could not say be what road Floyd's force went, because it was impossible for me to learn. I had good officers at Hawk's Nest and they are sure no large force or artillery went by the Sunday road, which has three outlets into the Lewisburg turnpike, all of them beyond the Hawk's Nest, and not favorable points to hold with small bodies of men. A prisoner taken says part of the force had been near Summersville for some time-probably on the Wilderness road. Prisoners taken at different places tell about the same story. Floyd is said to have four regiments, three canon. Wise about the same. Wise is up New River somewhere near the junction of the Wilderness road with Lewsibrug turnpike. Our advance guard on the different

