SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 11. Washington, August 28, 1861.

* *

7. Brigadier General F. J. Porter, volunteer service, will at once relieve Brigadier General W. T. Sherman, volunteer service, at and in the vicinity of Fort Corcoran. The following regiments will compose the division to be commanded by Brigadier-General Porter, which will be organized into two brigades, viz: Thirteenth and Fourteenth New York Regiments; De Kalb Regiment; Cameron Rifles; Ninth Massachusetts Regiment; Second Maine Regiment; Fourth Michigan Regiment; Black's Pennsylvania regiment. The Cameron Rifles and Black's regiment will report to Brigadier-General Porter with as little delay as practicable. Brigadier-General Sherman, on being relieved in his present command, will, in pursuance of instructions which have been received from the Headquarters of the Army, proceed with as little delay as practicable to Cincinnati, Ohio, and report to Brigadier General Robert Anderson, U. S. Army, for duty.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 13. August 28, 1861.

Brigadier-General Franklin's and General Kearny's brigades will form a division, commanded by Brigadier-General Franklin, who will also have charge for the present of all the defenses in front of Alexandria.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

A. V. COLBURN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SHENANDOAH, Numbers 219. Hyattstown, Md., August 28, 1861.

In accordance with orders received from Major-General McClellan, commanding the department, Brigadier General George H. Thomas is hereby relieved from duty with this command, and will report in person for orders to General Anderson, Cumberland Department, Cincinnati, Ohio.

By order of Major-General Banks:

ROBT. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 28, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

The chaplain and surgeon of Seventh are returned. They were not permitted to see the wounded. The enemy's officers treated them well. Reported 15 of ours killed and about 50 wounded. One captain killed and 1 a prisoner. About 300 are yet in the hills. The note refusing to let them see the wounded was signed by Floyd, and was courteous in language, assuring them that the wounded were sent over Gauley and were well taken care of. They were not allowed to go far enough within lines to judge of the force, cavalry pickets being some miles this side of

