HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, Md., August 29, 1861.

Major S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of letter of yesterday's date by Colonel Marcy, inspector-general. Brigadier-General Hamilton's brigade (three regiments and eight pieces of artillery) arrived here yesterday, by order of Major-General Banks, and reported to me for duty. The brigadewas posted covering the Seneca road, and I made all the necessary arrangements for supplies. This morning General Hamilton, by order of Major-General Banks, broke up his camp and marched for Darnestown, reporting to me that he had received such orders at midnight last night. No change is observable in my front, but yesterday, last night, and this morning the weather has been so thick as to prevent any careful examination of the other side of the river.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your most obedient servant,

CHARLES P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

AUGUST 29, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

There is no excuse for Tyler being surprised.* Concentrate everything possible against Floyd. Let Cox leave the minimum force required to hold the Gauley, and with the remainder of his troops attack Floyd from the south at the same time you attack from the north. Your continuced presence at Clarksburg excites comment.

G. B. McCLELLAN.

[5.]

AUGUST 29, 1861.

Brigadier-General COX,

Gauley:

Your dispatch of yesterday received to-day. Have directed Lightburn tot ake four or five companies and make an expedition by way of Pocotaligo Creek to Walton. This will put a check to the secessionists' movements up there. He will be co-operated with by other forces not available for the main column. Continue to communicate news frequently and fully.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, August 29, 1861-1 p. m.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

No changes in this vicinity that I can learn. We have had a soaking rain for forty-eight hours, and the enemy as well as our own men areinclined to keep in shelter. Our advance guards have scouts some distance out, but learn nothing new. Can hear of no movement of

---------------

*See Rosecrans to Townsend, VOL. V, p. 118.

---------------

