
with a scouting party on a mountain overlooking the cross-roads, and he is confident that the force has joined that which is in front of us on New River. These conflicting reports perplex the judgment, but it seems impossible to sift them satisfactorily. I incline, however, to rely upon Major Hines' report. Parties of the rebels are heard of on the south side of the river all the way to Coalsmouth, and I am convinced that near Fayette they number near 2,000, though most of them are raw and irregular troops, without artillery. I am very reluctant to be confined to this sort of defensive, but it is impossible to do otherwise just now, as I am giving the men more work than is good for their health.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUQARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 145. Washington, September 3, 1861.

I. Captain Robert Chandler, assistant adjutant-general, volunteer service, is assigned to duty with Brigadier General Rufus King.

* *

III. The following assistant adjutants-general of the volunteer service will report for assignment to Brigdadier-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Ohio, headquarters at Cincinnati: Captain Gustavus M. Bascom, Captain Henry Thrall.

IV. Brigadier General John F. Reynolds, U. S. volunteer service, is assigned to duty in the Department of the Potomac, and will report to Major-General McClellan.

* *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 29. Washington, September 3, 1861.

Brigadier General Ambrose E. Burnside, volunteer service, having reported to these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 141, of August 24, 1861, from the Headquarters of the Army,* is appointd to the command of such of the volunteer infantry troops now in this vicinity as have not been heretofore assigned to brigades, as also of the volunteer infantry troops that may be sent to this city for the present. Brigadier-General burnside will organize his command into provisional brigades, to be encamped at such points as may be indicated to him from these headquarters.

His requisitions upon the several departments of the staff for supplies will be promptly complied with.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

---------------

*Burnside was assigned to the Departments of the Potomac by Special Orders, Numbers 144, August 29, 1861, from Headquartes of the Army, see p. 462.

---------------

