
the island to the second crossing. At this point we found only a scow, on which we did not dare to cross the piece and the horses together, and thus lost further time by being obliged to make two crossings. Upon arriving on the Virginia shore we were compelled to dismount the piece and carriage and haul the former up by the prolonge, the infantry assisting in carrying the parts of the latter to a point about thirty feet up a precipitous ascent, rendered almost impassable with soft mud, where we remounted the piece, and hitching up the horses dragged it through a perfect thicket up to the open ground above where the fighting was going on.

During all this time the firing had continued with great briskness, hand that the enemy's fire was very effectual was evident from the large number of wounded and dead who were being borne to the boats. But a few moments previous to coming into position the firing had ceased, and when I arrived I found that our men were resting, many with arms stacked in front of them. The ground upon which was such of the fight as I engaged in was an open space, forming a parallelogram, inclosed entirely in woods. Our men were disposed in a semicircle, the right and left teminin of which rested upon the wood, with as near as I could discern, skirmishers thrown pout upon each flank, with the convexity of our lines skirting the cliff overhanging the river. The width of the opening I estimated at about 450 feet; its length as many yards. The ground sloped from a point about forty yards from the cliff sufficiently to afford a very tolerable cover for our men. Upon order of General Baker I moved my piece forward into position in the center, equidistant from two howitzers posted respectively upon the right and left of our lines. I had hardly got into position when the enemy, who occupied the woods in front at the other extremity of the opening and a portion of the distance down the right and left, opened upon us a severe fire, wounding two of my cannoneers. I immediately responded, and continuos a rapid fire until all but two of my cannoneers were wounded and left me. Among these, most unfortunately, was Numbers 4, who took with him the tube pouch and lanyard. Finding no other lanyard nor any primers in the limber chest, I obtained the assistance of some infantry soldiers and hauled the piece down to the rear. After a few moments the missing tube pouch was found and brought to me, the blood which covered it showing plainly the cause of its disappearance. At this time there was but one cannoneer (Carmichael) by the piece. THE piece was bought into position by the aid of General Baker, COLONEL Cogswell, Colonel Lee (I s name), and men the firing was resumed and maintained until they were obliged to leave and go to their several commands. I then called for volunteers, whom I soon obtained from the infantry. I would be glad to have been able to distinguish who they were that came to my id, for they worked with great zeal and coolness, but the similarity of uniforms prevented. I would beg, however, to call attention to one young fellow whose name I obtained. He is a private (Booth) of Company L, California regiment, who rendered me great assistance, at times being the only one with me at the pieces. I do not know how long a time the piece was engaged, but I judge it to have been (allowing for all intervals) about half an hour. The number of founds I estimated at from eighteen to twenty, none of which, I think, failed to do good execution. The longest range necessary to obtain was not in any case over 450 yards, and at there separate times I reserved the fire until I could plainly discern the enemy advancing up the slope at 100 to 150 feet distance. The expediency of this was demonstrated in the hasty and disordered

