
to duty with McCall's division, which he will proceed to join with as little delay as practicable.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF OCCUPATION WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 19. Sutton, September 5, 1861.

I. The force now here and on its way will be formed into temporary brigades as follows, viz: First Brigade, Brigadier General H. W. Benham commanding, to consist of Tenth, Thirteenth, and Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, West's and Gilmore's cavalry and McMullin's battery; Second Brigade, Colonel R. L. McCook commanding, to consist of the Ninth, Twenty-eighth, and Forty-seventh Regiments Ohio Volunteers and Schambeck's cavalry; Third Brigade, Colonel E. P. Scammon commanding, to consist of the Twenty-third and Thirtieth Regiments Ohio Volunteers and Mack's battery. Brigade commanders will immediately organized their brigades and select and announce their staff. Each will send as soon possible a consolidated report of his command to these headquarters.

II. Stewart's cavalry will be attacked to headquarters, and move with it under the direction of the general commanding. He will furnish four mounted orderlies, incluidng a non-commissioned officer for headquarters.

III. Brigadier-General Benham is assigned to the command of the post.

* *

By command of Brigadier-General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, September 5, 1861.

Numbers 9.]

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The appearance of a numerous band on the south side of the river has necessarily turned the attention of our available force that way, and kept more of it below on the river than I can easily spare. Half the First Kentucky, two companies of Twenty-sixth, two of Virginia Fourth, and part of the Seventh are at different points from Charleston up, and guarding boats and trains. The remainder of the force here is constantly and hard worked, and it seems impossible to get a detachment of any size far beyond the advance posts. The labor is telling on the health of the command. The Fayette side is filled with guerrillas, who will not stay to be attacked in bodies, but swarm around pickets, and small posts wherever placed. On the New River road the attacks are frequent, and keep a regiment busy there, but the rebels have uniformly been repulsed and chased back. Toward Summersville all has been quiet for a few days. A half regiment is in advance there. Sundry scouting parties in all directions from mouth of Twenty-Mile Creek. The reports brought in are still conflicting, and the only way I can

