
solve them is to suppose that there is a considerable hostile force in that vicinity, but not at Cross-Lanes exactly. They keep outpost of cavalry pretty strong. In other respects my last reports are confirmed.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

GAULEY BRIDGE, September 5, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

My dispatches have been regularly numbered since 1st instant. This is Numbers 10. I am drawing in my outposts a little, so as to be more compact and try to get some movable force to co-operate with you. The enemy has kept aloof for twenty-four hours. I have scouting parties out in every direction. Your Numbers 27 reached me at 9 o'clock this morning. All its directions are attended to. At Boone the rebel force is reported to me as having 450. It was attacked by two companies of our First Kentucky and a company of home guards. The latter set fire to some houses because the enemy retreated into them and used them as fortifications. I have severely reprobated every such act, and nothing but extreme necessity can sanction it. The enemy's loss is now know to be over 50; ours only 6 wounded. The home guards fought determinedly. Further examination confirms my former report of the forces about me.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 147. Washington, September 6, 1861.

I. The following brigadier-generals of the volunteer service will report to Major-General McClellan for duty in the Department of the Potomac: Brigadier-Generals Abercrombie, S. Casey, Meade, L. P. Graham, F. W. Lander, Sedgwick, C. J. Biddle, Duryea.

II. Instead of reporting for duty in the Department of the Potomac, Brigadier General John F. Reynolds will repair to Fort Monroe, Va., without delay, and report to Major-General Woolf for assignemtn to the command at Hatteras Inlet, N. C.

III. Brigadier-General Viele will report to Brigadier General Thomas W. Sherman, in New York, for duty with his expedition.

IV. Captain J. M. Norvell, assistant adjutant-general, volunteer service, is assigned to duty with Brigadier-General Richardson.

* *

By command of Lieutennat-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 7. Washington, September 6, 1861.

The major-general commanding desires and requests that in future there may be a more perfect respect for the Sabbath on the part of his

