
retiring of the enemy's canter. The last round which I fired was when the enemy had flanked us on the left and were pouring in a deadly fire from that quarter as well as from the front at about the moment when General Baker fell at the head of his men.

Finding that the battle was lost to us, and with but one man left to aid me (Booth, of the California regiment, whom I have already mentioned), and growing weak and stiff from my wounds, of which I received three, none dangerous, I caused the piece to be drawn down to the edge of the cliff, whence it was afterward thrown down, lodging into rocks and logs with which the descent was cumbered, and, assisted by two privates of the Fifteenth Massachusetts Regiment, made my way to the boat an over to the island. Here I found my own section and the other piece belonging to the Rhode island section, one of which i had, and leaving directions to command the ford at the upper end of the island with two pieces and to hold the other in reserve to act where circumstances might aid to cover the retreat of our own infantry, I crossed to the mainland. I had first dispatched a messenger for Lieutenant Clark, of our battery, who soon after arrived and took command. The only projectile with which the ammunition chest was provided was the James Shell. I have bee told by those from the right and left, who could correctly observe their effect, that party burst and with great effect. THE short range at which they were fired would, of course, hardly admit of any very appreciable deviation from a direct course, such as has been remarked of this projectile. I cannot speak too well of the conduct of the brave fellows who belonged to the piece, who, with one exception, remained at their posts until wounded and driven away. I beg especially to mention Sergeant Tucker, privates Carmichael, Madisons (two brothers), together with the drivers and all others whose names I do not know. I had in use one of the s my saddle- horse (my own being unfit for use) upon that day, which was killed by a ball through the left lung. THE piece, I have since learned, was taken by the enemy; with it there were but eight or ten rounds of shell and about twenty blanks. I do not think it was possible to have saved the piece from capture, for it would have required a full half hour to have gotten it down to the river, which, if it were shipped upon the boat, it would have been necessarily to the exclusion of the wounded who were being conveyed tot he opposite shore. I indeed, I very much doubt if it could have crossed at ll, for the scow sunk with its weight of men the next trip after I returned in it. THE horses belonging to the piece were all shot, and I learn from Captain Vaughn, who had since been over to bury the dead, that five of them lay dead in one heap. I regretted that the canister which was to be sent over to us did not reach us, as with it I might at least heaver kept the enemy sufficiently in check to have given time to many of the wounded who were left on the Virginia side to have escaped. Our own men worked with energy and zeal in getting the pieces across and in assisting the passage of both re- enforcements and the returning wounded, which merit the highest commendation. Their only regret was in being unable to reach the scene of conflict themselves. My wounds are only flesh wounds and not in any way dangerous, and a respite of a short time will, I trust, render me capable of resuming my duties.

I am, captain with much respect, your most obedient servant,

WALTER M. BRAMAHLL,

Lieutenant, Commanding Right Section Battery K.

Captain T. B. BUNTING,

Commanding Light Batty. K (detached), 9th Regiment New York State Militia

[5.]

