HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA BRIGADE,Camp Lookout, September 18, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Camp Scott:

GENERAL: I do not think I can find a better camping place than this on this side of Big Sewell. There is a tolerably good position at Locust Lane, four miles in advance, and I may have Colonel McCook take his brigade there when his baggage arrives. In either of these places we can take care of ourselves and hold in check a heavy force of the enemy. Major Hines is with five companies at Big Sewell, and will keep us well informed of all movements in front. The more I hear of them the more thoroughly I am satisfied that Floyd's and Wise's army is very badly demoralized, and the militia force which was near Fayette is almost broken up by desertions and the disbanding of whole companies. I have written Colonel Tyler, ordering the boat bridge at Gauley immediately completed, and relays of horses for messengers to be placed on this end of the road as well as the other.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 154. Washington, September 19, 1861.

* *

III. The following assignment is made of assistant adjutants-general of the volunteer service to brigades in the Army of the Potomac: Captain Henry W. Smith to report to Brigadier-General Casey; Captain Edward C. Baird to report to Brigadier-General Meade; Captain Frederic D. Sewall to report to Brigadier-General Howard; Captain E. Sparrow Purdy to report to Brigadier-General Franklin; Captain Charles Kingsbury to report to Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds; Captain Gustavus Urban to report to Brigadier-General Graham; Captain John Hillhouse to report to Brigadier-General Martindale.

IV. Captain Hiram Stevens, assistant adjutant-general, volunteer service, is assigned to duty with Brigadier-General Phelps, Department of Virginia. He will report in person at the department headquarters, Fort Monroe, Va., for further orders:

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[4 and 5.]
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA BRIGADE,Camp Lookout, September 19, 1861.

[General W. S. ROSECRANS:]

GENERAL: An escaped prisoner who returned to the Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers yesterday reports that he was taken within three miles of Lewisburg. That the retreating army of Floyd and Wise overtook another retreating force coming in by a different road, but whether part of the same army or an entirely different one, he could not say. The place of meeting was quite near Lewisburg. He also reports the enemy fortifying at-Mills, four miles this side of

