
Lewisburg. Our advance guard finds nothing on this sdie of Sewell, but heard a report of some force not far from the summit. This report they will test this morning.

The great embarrasment at Gauley Bridge is now the lack of wagons and teams. There is no forage to be got in this vicinity, and the quartermaster needs double the number of teams he now has to enable him to bring forward forage and commissary stores. I have ordered such supplies to be got up to Gauley that you will not be embarrassed when once started on this road, but the lack of transportation is keeping Captains Loomis and Gibbs from doing as much as they might. I have sent back all my baggage wagons and ammunition wagons to help forward our other stores, and will have to await their return before morning. I notice that Captain Chandler, quartermaster, in his letter to Captain Loomis, seems to assume that a light boat could bring stores all the way to Gauley Bridge. This is a mistake. During low water it requires a light boat to get as far as Witcher's Creek or Cannelton at farthest. He will have to reckon upon fifteen or twenty miles wagoning below Gauley in order to be safe.

I am intending to make this morning a personal reconnaissance of a position six miles in advance near the foot of Sewell, which Major Hines reports to me as fit for encamping a considerable force, and easily defended toward the east. If I find it what I want I will occupy it to-morrow, and there will then be a good camping ground here for your other brigades at the end of the first day's march from your present camp. I yesterday received the melancholy news of the death of my youngest child at home.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

SEPTEMBER 19, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Camp Lookout:

Your messenger and dispatches came duly. We have nothing of importance to-day. Colonel W. S. Smith, with 600 men, went up to Hughes' Ferry; on your side of the river, to catch the bushwhacking cavalry and scouts. Has not returned. Reynolds, getting re-enforcements, says he will pay his respects to Lee soon. Our troops will begin to move over to-morrow. Accept my condolence with you in your bereavement. Keep detail of mounted men at telegraph office until it reaches you.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 155. Washington, September 20, 1861.

* *

III. Captain Charles W. Foster, assistant adjutant-general, volunteer service, is assigned to duty with Brigadier General H. G. Wright, to whom he will report in person in Washington.

* *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

