
SEPTEMBER 22, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Camp Lookout:

It will be two days before clothing is issued; it would be better for to wait for that. What sort of position does top of Sewell offer for camping and keeping teams? You must divide your wagons into regimental and supply trains. Only two wagons allowed to a company and five to staff of regiment to carry everything; forty rounds of ammunition and three days'rations to be carried on the persons; then you will have trains for ammunition, subsistence, and forage. Report what this gives you. Where will your forage come form on Big Sewell? Answer.

S. W. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

CAMP LOOKOUT, September 22, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS, U. S. Army,

Cross-Lanes:

GENERAL: The detachment sent out this morning found no enemy. It is evident that three separate scouting parties were deceived by a peculiar circuitousness of the roads between here and Townsend's Ferry, and coming unexpectedly upon the rear of Colonel Poschner's half regiment, encamped, and took it for the enemy. Gest, the wagon-master, Lieutenant Bontecou, and Major Parry, of the Second German, were all separtely deceived in the same manner, and their reports were so circumstantial that of course I acted upon them and sent the detachment, notwithstanding the very great improbability of any force venturing in between us and the river or etting there without our knowledge. I have had a thorough examination of the intermediate country. From top of Sewell the diverging roads can be easily reached and commanded. I have a tolerably reliable report that Floyd is at Meadow Bluff and Wise at Little Sewell, and that the militia, which did not desert Chapman and Beckley at Fayette, are mostly at Blue Sulphur. Some force of cavalry is reported at Fayette and Raleigh Court-House, but not much. I recalled Major Hines to Locust Lane last night, so that he could in no event be cut off from us, but he goes forward to Sewell again this afternoon. The ferry-boat at Hamilton's, near Hawk's Nest, is sunk, and the rebels have barricaded the road from the ferry up to Fayette very thoroughly. I had a party across examining it yesterday. Townsend's Ferry is only a canoe, and there is nothing but a difficult footpath from it to the roads. The only other crossing is Bowyer's Ferry, nearly opposite Sewell. If it does not storm to-morrow I propose to move forward to top of Big Sewell, twelve miles, unless you otherwise order. The telegraph does not work yet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Your dispatch of this morning is received, and I will govern my motions accordingly. Excuse the form of this dispatch, as my stationery is reduced to this.

J. D. C.

[5.]

