
SEPTEMBER 22, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Camp Lookout:

It seems to me that unless the top of the mountain is far from the bottom and the country at the western base unfavorable for an encampment, it is a question whether it would not be better not to take the entire force to the top at present. But this is only a suggestion, and I leave you to weigh the advantages and decide. Report to me the distance from the foot to the top of the mountain on this side and the nature of the opposite slope for a defensive encampment. When I hear from you Captain Darr will advise you of the movement of his sixty wagons.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA BRIGADE, Numbers 20. Camp Lookout, September 22, 1861.

The troops will move from Camp Lookout to-morrow morning, the 23rd of September, 1861, for Big Sewell. The general will be beat from the headquarters at 8 a. m., when every tent will be struck, packed in the wagons, and all fires put out. At 9 a. m. the march will be beat in the infantry and the advance sounded in the cavalry, when each regiment will take its place in column. The order of march will be as the different regiments are encamped. The men will be furnished with cooked rations for two days. Each regiment will leave a sufficient guard to protect the remaining stores in camp.

By order of Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding:

J. W. CONINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

CAMP SEWELL, September 24, 1861.

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

All quiet here during the night. We have a good camping ground, except that we are necessarily exposed to view toward the front and can be seen a long distance. The places in rear have not this disadvantage, and I may find some in front that are free from it. I have so arranged the camp as to hide as much of it as possible. I think Wise was encamped yesterday about two miles in front and may not be gone yet. I will find out this morning.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

SEPTEMBER 24, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. COX:

Your position is seven miles farther in advance than I supposed. With the exception of occupying an advanctageous position, it is military not so good as one nearer here. More exposed, farther from support, longer transportation, a military declaration of our intentions to use one route. Make up for these, if possible, and provide against everything.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

