HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, September 28, 1861.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Division, Darnestown, Md.:

GENERAL: The letter of which the inclosed is a copy has just been received from Colonel Geary.* I do not think that so large a force is in the vicinity of Leesburg but a smaller one by half could greatly annoy Colonel Geary and might succeed in doing considerable mischief by a temporary crossing and immediate return. I would respectfully recommend that Colonel Geary be re-enforced by a regiment and some artillery in view of possiblities. It does not seem probable that Johnston would have marched such considerable forces to Leesburg during the cold storm of yesterday, and I do not think that he had a force approaching 20,000 at Leesburg the day before. Colonel Geary seems, however, in my opinion, to credit his information and ought to be strengthened.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Troops leaving Darnestown early in the day could easily [reach] the Monocacy by night-fall.

C. P. S.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 160. Washington, September 30, 1861.

* *

III. Brigadier General Thomas Williams, volunteer service, will repair to Fort Monroe, and report to Major-General Woolf for assignment to the command at Hatteras Inlet, N. C.

* *

V. Brigadier General R. H. Milroy is assigned toduty in the Department of Western Virginia.

* *

VII. Brigadier General D. Butterfield, volunteer service, is assigned to duty in the Department of the Potomac.

* *

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 30, 1861.

General FRANKLIN:

Telegram from General McCall says eight regiments of the enemy advancing on Great Falls. Have your command in readiness to act at once and await further orders. Direct your pickets to be vigilant and report often.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[5.]

---------------

*See Geary to Stone, VOL. V, p. 606.

---------------

