
confidence in the safety of the Union-and being as I am unable to ride in the saddle or to walk by reason of dropsy in my feet and legs and paralysis in the small of my back-I shall definitively retire from the Army.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

(Copy called for by resolution of the Senate, February 19, 1863.)

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 88. Washington, October 4, 1861.

* *

11. Brigadier General A. S. Williams, volunteer service, will report for duty to Major-General Banks, commanding division, at Darnestown.

12. Brigadier-General Jameson, volunteer service, will report to Brigadier-General Heintzelman, to be assigned to the command of the brigade now commanded by the senior colonel.

* *

17. The Eighth Michigan Volunteers, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the Roundhead Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Hamilton's battery, are assigned to Sherman's division, which they will join without delay.

18. Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield, volunteer service, having reported to these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 160, of the 30th instant, from the Headquarters of the Army, is assigned to duty in Brigadier General F. J. Porter's division, and will report accordingly with as little delay as practicable.

* *

22. The Seventeenth New York Volunteers, now with Franklin's division, and the Twenty-first New York Volunteers, now with McDowell's division, are assigned to F. J. Porter's division, which they will join with as little delay as practicable.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Poolesville, October 4, 1861.

Captain PELL,

First Minnesota Volunteres, Seldon's Island:

SIR: I congratulate you on quietly effecting the occupation of the island. You will hold it, keeping the men concealed as much as possible; only few should show themselves together to the enemy. Cooking must be done either on this shore or in the house. No fires should be lighted in the open air, and here should not be too much passing to and fro from the island to this side. If you want any more men ask for them and they will come. Communicate frequently with these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

