
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ALEXANDRIA DIVISION, Numbers 13. October 10, 1861.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 18, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the light batteries now belonging to General Kearny's and General Newton's brigades are hereby assigned to this division. All orders will be given to the batteries and all details from them will be made through these headquarters.

2. In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 89, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the cavalry now belonging to General Kearny's and General Newton's brigades is hereby assigned to this division. All orders relating to the cavalry and the details from it will be issued through these headquarters.

3. Requisitions for forage for artillery and cavalry will be made as heretofore until further orders.

By order of General Franklin:

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army:

SIR: Your communication of the 10th instant* was received, containing copy of instructions from the General-in-Chief to the general commanding the Army of the Potomac, with your remakrs upon the same and inquiries in regard to the movement of troops. In reply I will state that this Department was not advised of any intended movement of forces by the general commanding. Upon inquiry I find that a slight advance was made in the vicinity of Lewinsville on the 9th of October, after the general commanding had visited the outposts that day, in order to occupy the position which he deemd it advisable to do. After the advance was made General McCall's division (about 11,000 men) was moved from Tennallytown to sustain the advance and to occupy the position vacated by General Smith's division. One brigade of General Buell's division was moved to Tennallytown to occupy that position. No other movement was made, nor was a battle intended or expected. Such, I learn, w as the exact history of movements.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

[5.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 98. Washington, October 11, 1861.

1. The Twenty-second Massachusetts Regiment, Colonel Wilson, and the light battery attached to it, will at once proceed to join Porter's division, relieving the De Kalb Regiment, New York Volunteers, which upon being so relieved will join Blenker's brigade.

2. Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, volunteer service, is assigned to the command of a division to consist for the present of the brigades now commanded by himself and Brigadier General D. E. Sickles.

* *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

---------------

*No communication of 10th found.

---------------

