
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

October 21, 1861-10 p. m.

OFFICER IN COMMAND AT POOLESVILLE:

Send a mounted messenger to the battle-ground and bring me information from General Stone. I want the particulars as to result of engagement and the relative position of the forces for the night, their numbers, and such other information as will give me a correct understanding of affairs.

[5.]

A. LINCOLN.

EDWARD FERRY, October 21, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

It is impossible to give full particulars of what is yet inexpelicable to me. Our troops under Colonel Baker were reported in good condition and position until fifteen minutes of the death of Colonel Baker. We have still possession of Harrison's Island and some 1,500 men on the Virginia side opposite Edwards Ferry; 600 more going over. We have lost several field officers killed and wounded, and Colonels Lee and Cogswell are said to be prisoners; Colonel Ward wounded. The enemy has not thus far attempted any attack on our positons. We have lost two mountain howitzers and one rifled James gun. The enemy was undoubtedly re-enforced in the evening, but how much it is impossible to say. The report of killed made to me half an hour before the disaster was 30. Our killed and wounded may reach 200; number of prisoners unknown.

C. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS CORPS OF OBSERVATION,Edwards Ferry, October 21, 1861-9.45 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

This morning at 1 o'clock five companies of the Fifteenth Massachusetts crossed the river at Harrison's Island. At daybreak they had proceeded to within a mile and a half of Leesburg without meeting the enemy. They still hold on, supported by the remainder of the regiment and part of the Twentieth. A gallant reconnaissance was made early this morning by Major Mix, Van Alen Cavalry, and Captain Stewart, assistant adjutant-general, from Edwards Ferry toward Leesburg, with thirty cavalry. They came on the Fourteenth Mississippi Regiment; received their fire at thirty-five yards; returned it with their pistols, and fell back in order, bringing in one prisoner. We have possession of the Virginia side of Edwards Ferry.

C. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General STONE, Edwards Ferry:

I congratulate your command. Keep me constantly informed.

McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[5.]

