
was madness to return. At the first fire four horses went down and were left for dead by their riders. Five other men were dismounted by their horses tumbling over fallen horses. THE casualties are: Private Thomas G. Heidt, wounded severely by five buckshot below the knee; Private John C. McIntosh, wounded slightly in the shoulder by three buckshot; Private L. H. Clemens, wounded slightly in the back; Orderly Sergt. Thomas H. Dunham, wounded severely and taken prisoner; Captain Waring, wounded sightly in the face. The dismounted were all more or less bruised by their horses falling on them; four horses are missing. The loss of the enemy was 3 killed, 2 wounded, and 1 taken prisoner the next morning by General Stuart's escort. From the prisoner it was ascertained that Colonel Taylor, of the Third New Jersey Regiment, had prepared the trap by stretching two telegraph wires across the road, and had selected ten men from each company in his regiment to slaughter his unsuspecting foe. That he was not successful was owing to the wild firing of his men. I cannot close this communication without testifying to the gallantry of Orderly Sergt. Thomas H. Dunham, who was shot from his saddle while in the act of charging the enemy, and to the good conduct of the men under the trying emergency of a surprise at midnight by a force of picked men five times their number an under the immediate eye of their colonel.

Respectfully,

J. F. WARING,

Captain, commanding Georgia Hussars, Company E,

Sixth Virginia Cavalry, COLONEL Field's.

Lieutenant JOHN ALLAN,

Adjutant Sixth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CAVALRY,Camp Letcher, December 8, 1861.

This expedition was made without my knowledge. I disapprove of it, but the result under the circumstances is so creditable to our arms that I think its effect upon my men had been good.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. W. FIELD,

Colonel Sixth Cavalry, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp Qui VIve, December 8, 1861.

Captain Waring's conduct in leaving his post with his reserve to scout beyond our lines at night, without authority and for no object of importance, thereby exposing his command to danger of an ambuscade, without the power to repel except at great disadvantage, is so inexcusable as not to be counterbalanced by the extraordinary escape of his command. THE field for enterprise and personal daring is wide enough in the legitimate sphere of duty, and I trust that his lesson will curb the thirst of adventure so as not to presume too far upon the irresolution and want of enterprise of the enemy. The gallant conduct of this noble little band shows what we may expect of them on the field; and while I commend their bravery and presence of mind, I cannot approve their tempting Providence in such a manner.

J. E . B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

