HEADQUARTERS,Baltimore, Md., November 10, 1861.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Cambridge:

GENERAL: Send the Balloon here as quickly as possible. I will send you Captain Tilghman to take command of the latter or put him in command here. I am told the secessionists in Accomac have burnt the bridge over Swan's Gut. They desire to force you into the wooded ground, where they can annoy you by a guerrilla warfare. I am told the brigade can be repaired in an hour or two. Youmust have the materials ready. I send the steamer Hercules, Lieutenant Coffin, to the Wicomico with this and other dispatches. It will proceed immediately to the Pocomoke and lie off the battery said to be there while our transports go up the river. I shall send 1,500 well-trained men from here the moment the steamers arrive. My proclamation is ready. I will have it printed here and send it to you by the first transport. It should be sent into Accomac at once, so as to give time for reflection. I hope the people may be wise enough o heed my warnings. I think you had better send Colonel Paine's force to newtown at once. I hsall have provisions there by Wednesday, the 13th. They are provisioned to the 15th. Write me at once what you will need. How is it as to ammunition? Colonel Paine's command will be supplied at Newtown, and I will have the troops sent from here amply provided with everything. The Hercules will be subject to your order when you reach the Pocomoke River. I think it may be well when your positions there and as far as the Virginia line are secured to send her to the Pungoteauge, below Drummondtown, where there is a battery, which you will take possession of, peaceably if possible, otherwise by force. Your final instructions will be sent to you on Tuesday.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Mr. Nash, of New York, has a saw-mill about a quarter of a mile from Swan's Gut. Take materials for your bridge from there and give Francis Johnson, his agent, a receipt specifying the value.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION,Fort Lyon, November 11, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN SEDGWICK, Commanding Brigade:

I am directed by the general commanding this division to inform you that a body of 400 cavalry were to-day at Accotink, and it is reported that there are two regiments of infantry going to encamp at Pohick Church. The general will send out a force on the two roads leading to Pohick Church. You will detach one regiment of your brigade, to be joined by one company of the Lincoln Cavalry, to proceed out on the old Fairfax road as far as the Accotink, then to halt and push forward a reconnaissance as far as the Pohick, if it is found safe, observing well the roads on the right flank. The men will carry one day's rations in their haversacks and return in the evening.

By command of Brigadier-General Heitzelman, commanding division:

ISAAC MOSES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Your regiment will march at 4 a. m.

[5.]

