
State, county, and municipal, by alleged authority from the Commonwealth of Virginia, in disregard and violation of the "Declaration of the people of Virginia, represented in convention at the city of Wheeling, Thursday, June 12, 1861," and of the ordinances of said convention, and of the acts of the General Assembly held by authority of said convention.

It is therefore ordered, by direction of the President, that if any person shall hereafter attempt, within the State of Virginia, under the alleged authority of said Commonwealth, to exercise any official powers of a civil nature within the limits of any of the commands of the occupying forces of the United States, unless in pursuance of the declaration and ordinances of the convention assembled at Wheeling on the 13th day of June, 1861, and the acts of the General Assembly held by authoirty of said convention, such attempt shall be treated as an act of hostility against the United States, and such person shall be taken into military custody.

Commanding officers are directed to enforce this order within their respective commands.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS NEW JERSEY BRIGADE,November 21, 1861-9.30 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR:

SIR: To-morrow you will march your regiment, Third New Jersey Volunteers, at 7 a. m. to Edsall's Hill to support the advance of the Second New Jersey Volunteers, who go to Burke's Station. In case of serious fighting being apprehended (as per information from Major Buck) you will advance rapidly to Springfield, but not beyond. it is intended for Major Buck to fight his own numbers, and if opposed by superior forces to fall back. Should the enemy, being superior, pursue Major Buck, surprise him on the flank, but have a ocuple of companies at the enemy's present lines near Springfield. This is precuation. An attack of a serious nature is not anticipated. Keep my informed by means of dragoon orderlies. Take blankets and twenty-four hours' rations. If Major Buck is too fatigued or prevented returning to camp by night do you remain at Edsall's. When you arrive at Edsall's to-morrow hurry on patrols and scouts to keep up a chain of information with Major Buck.

Respectfully, yours,

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I do not see any necessity or good of warning your men to-night.

K.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 108. Fort Monroe, Va., November 22, 1861.

I. In accordance with instructions from the War Department, Brigadier General J. W. Phelps, commanding at Newport News, is relieved from

