
of the Fourth Rhode Island Volunteers, Fifth New Hapshire Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-first New York Volunteers. The Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, previously assigned to me, is here, not yet detached. The Sixty-first New York Volunteers has not yet reported. My headquarters are at Bladensburg. The Thirty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers is three miles distant, at Good Hope. The other regiments are in this vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 51. Gauley Mount, Va., November 30, 1861.

I. Captain O. A. Mack, Fourth Artillery, U. S. Army, will immediately proceed with his company to this place and encmap. He will put in position a 20-pounder rifled gun and two howitzers on spots to be designated by Captain Raynolds, of the Topographical Engineers. After which he will report by letter to the commanding general for orders.

II. Colonel Poschner, Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will have charged of the defenses of this place with his regiment. He will construct huts for his command, building four for ech comany. He will exercise a surveillance over the country in the vicinity of his position, and by well-timed patrols keep himself informed of all that is going on in his neighborhood.

III. As soon as the First and Second [Kentucky] Regiments have performed the duty of repairing the roads on w hich they are engaged, in a satisfactory manner, General Cox will move with his brigade to a position to be chosen by himself in the vicinity of Charleston, where he will provide cantonments for his whole command. As the senior officer commanding in the Kanawha Valley he will be charged with the general superivison of its defenses and supplies, and will have authority, subject to the approval of the department commander, to organize such military movements, and to order such co-operation from the troops in the valley not belonging to his brigade as he may deem expedient. He will commence his movement with the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

IV. As soon as the present camping ground of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers has been vacated by it, Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will take post with his regiment a Gauley Bridge, and will be charged with the defenses and care of the public property at that post.

V. General Cox will detail Captain Simmonds with his Ohio volunteer artillery to report to Colonel Moor, Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, for duty at Gauley. Captain Simmonds will have the artillery put in position at the places indicated by General Cox.

VI. As soon as practicable, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Thirtieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will ove with his command from Sutton to rejoin his regiment at Fayette Court-House.

VII. Colonel Crook, Twenty-sixth [Thirty-sixth] Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will send a company of his regiment toi Cross-Lanes to take charge of that post, relieving Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott, Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, who will then rejoin his regiment with his command at Tompkins' farm.

