
VIII. Colonel Crook will be charged with the defense of the posts of Summersville and Cross-Lanes and with the supervision of the telegraph and express line between himself and Sutton.

IX. Colonel Siber, Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will occupy the post of Clifton with outposts at and opposite Cannelton and have surveillance of the country west of the river from Loop Creek to Cabin Creek, inclusive. Until the close of navigation he will furnish all fatigue parties that may be necessary for the unloading of boats and security of public stores within the above limits and will be responsible that this duty is properly and promptly perfomred on requisition of quartermasters of their agents in charge of public property.

X. Colonel S. A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, will put his regiment in cantonments in the vicinity of Camp Piatt and will be charged with the protection of the public stores and transportation at that place and the suerveillance of the west side of the river, including the Peytona road and country above it as far as Field's Creek.

XI. Colonel Bolles, Second Virginia Cavalry, will proceed as soon as practicable to Guyandotte and put his regiment in cantonments. He will be charged with the surveillance of the country, including the road to Logan Court-House.

XII. Schambeck's company of Illinois cavalry will be stationed in cantonments at Gauley Bridge, under command of Colonel Moor, Twenty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, furnishing to Colonel Poschner, Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, twenty men to be used as scouts and to be relieved at suitable intervals, which will be subject to the decision of Colonel Moor.

XIII. Captain West, First Virginia Cavalry, will report with his company to Colonel Gilbert, Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, at Camp Piatt.

XIV. As soon as the detachment of Stewart's Indiana volunteer cavlary, now at Fayette Court-House, is relieved by Gilmore's company of First Virginia Cavalry, the company will proceed to Point Pleasant and report to the commanding officer there for immediate duty, and by letter to the commanding general for further orders.

XV. The Eighth Virginia Regiment will proceed to take post immediately at Buffalo and go into winter quarters.

XVI. The commissary department will immediately provide seventy days' rations ahead for all the troops mentioned in this order, and the quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation and quartermaster's stores.

* * * *

By command of General Rosecrans:

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 170. Washington, Decembeer 5, 1861.

* * * *

7. The major-general commanding has ready attentively and with much satisfaction the report of Captain William H. Boyd, First New York Cavalry, of the reconnaisance made on the 27th ultimo by the

