
squadron under his command, consisting of Boyd's and Bennett's companies of that regiment.* The coolness and discretion displayed on that occasion by Captain Boyd and the officers and men of his command deserve the highest praise and have won for them the confidence of the commanding general.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA BRIGADE, Numbers 33. Charleston, Va., December 6, 1861.

Brigadier General J. D. Cox, having arrived at Charleston, hereby assumes command of the post.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding:

G. M. BASCOM,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WAR DEPARTMENTJ, December 11, 1861.

Honorable SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a letter of Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, chief engineer of the Army of the Potomac, setting forth the necessity for an early appropriation of $150,000 for completing the defenses of Washington.

In view of the urgency of the case, as expressed by the commanding general of the Army in his indorsement submitting the letter to this Department, I commed it to the early and favorable action of Congress.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: By letter of the 6th I requested that an immediate appropriation of $150,000 be asked for "completing the defenses of Washington." I mentioned in that letter that our defensive system thus far consisted of about forty-eight works, mounting over 300 guns, some of which are of very large size; and I may add that the actual defensive perimeter occupied is about thirty-five miles, exceeding the length of the famous (and hitherto the most extensive fortified by extemporized field-works) lines of Torres Vedras by several miles. The amount which has beene xpended will not, therefore, considering the pressure under which the works have been built, appear extravagantly large.

I now remark that in asking for the sum of $150,000 for "completing the defenses of Washington" I have in my mind the fact that many of the works have been thrown up in the very fce of the enemy, and are

---------------

*See VOL. V, p. 449.

---------------

