
against the United States. There is no law authorizing such an exercise of authority on your part, but it does no harm to any one, is essential to the protection of the public interests, and is therefore perfectly justifiable. Dispose of Colonel Wilkins' regiment as you think proper, either in Eastern Virginia or in the lower counties of Maryland. He has over 800 men. You will need a considerable force to protect the telegraph line as soon a sit is established. You must dispose of the horses and other property you have taken to the best advantage until they can be formarlly condemned. The horses had beter be put to such use as you may have for them. In regard to negroes, I hardly know what to advise. They are of no use to us. As a general rule they do wkr which would otherwise be done by our soldiers and which it is advantageous to the latter to be accustomed to; so that all we expend in subsisting and compensating negroes is a clear loss to the Government. I would therefore have no more to do with them thatn is aboslutely necessary to comply with the act of Congress. That, of course, must be obeyed; but I would not take much trouble in hunting up cases. Those which come under your observation must be noticed. You can, as you suggest, use this and the horse question to aid the restoration of the two counties to their allegiance, but I would manage so as to have as few negroes as possible left on your hands. The Government will have quite as much as it can do to maintain its armies. I have been absent in New York and Washington, otherwise your dispatches would have received an earlies notice.

I am, very respectfully, general, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, January 20, 1862.

Colonel C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Adjutant-General State of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

General McClellan desires to know as soon as possible by telegraph what troops have left Ohio to re-enforce Lander. Two batteries should go to him immediately. Please hurry the movement of Ohio troops in order to relieve Lander's forces on the railroad.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

WHEELING, VA., January 24, 1862.

Lieutenant-Coloel COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yours 24th received. Kelley thinks the Ohio regiments should go on to General Lander. The two batteries for Lander will reach Parkersburg to-morrow; none for me yet; no Ohio troops for me yet; none have started so far as I know. Snowing; weather bad; wires up. No news from east end of Department of the West. I could use a regiment or two of cavalry in a very important enterprise in Jefferson County. Can't some of your spare cavalry be sent me?

W. S. ROSECRANS.

[5.]

