
BALTIMORE, MD., February 14, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have the pleasure of informing you that the bridge over Great Cacapon has been reconstructed, and that the road is again open toi Hacock. At our last advices the road to Sleepy Creek, five miles east of Hancock, was in order, so that but thirty-six miles of road between that point and Harper's Ferry remain to be opened.

With great respect,

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

[5.]

FREDERICK, MD., February 14, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS:

SIR: The following has just been received from Point of Rocks:

Leesburg and vicinity remain quiet. Up to Wednesday night Jackson and Loring at Winchester. No change there up to yesterday morning. They expect no movement on either side; are granting furloughs to one-third of their men for thirty days. Much excitement about re-enlistment. Wise's defeat creates much gloom.

Very respectfully,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

[5.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 14, 1862.

General F. W. LANDER,

Patteresons' Creek, Va.:

Rosecrans needs the three regiments and battery recently sent to your support from Grafton. The commanding general therefore directs that these troops return at once to Grafton, and that you notify Rosecrans that they have returned.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]

FEBRUARY 14, 1862-10 p. m.

Brigadier General F. W. LANDER,

Paw Paw, &amp;c.:

Telegram received.* Your conduct is just like you. Don't talk about resigning. If your health makes it necessary for you to be relieved, of course you shall be. I advise, in view of probable movements, that you quietly rest at Cumberland and endevor to recruit your health before making another move. If you can recover more rapidly here I will arrange to relieve you and give you other work as soon as you are well enough. Give thanks to the gallant officers and men under your command and accept my own yourself.

G. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

[5.]

---------------

*See VOL. V, p. 405.

---------------

