
WASHINGTON, February 23, 1862.

Brigadier General J. HOOKER,

Budd's Ferry:

He can count upon the assistance of the iron-clad steamer Ericsson, armed with two 11-inch guns, during the present week. Will it, in your judgment, be better to wait for her or to adopt the original plan? It seems to me that the safest plan is to use the Ericsson, supported by the whole flotilla and a heavy force prepared to land. I can furnish him the means of landing at any point from 10,000 to 15,000 men in addition to your command. Answer by telegram.

G. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., February 23, 1862.

General HOOKER,

Budd's Ferry:

Your telegram received.* If a favorable night and morning occur before the Ericsson arrives, surprise with your own troops the upper points if possible, leaving out of consideration the lower point spoken of. Should the Ericsson be here before a proper night offers, I will immediately arrange to accomplish the object in force, but wills end no re-enforcements until that time. The articles you require will be sent you without delay. Make all your arrangements with Captain Wyman, so that everything may be ready for the favorable moment.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 23, 1862.

General F. W. LANDER, Paw Paw, Va.:

Your telegram of yesterday just received. Should you learn that Jackson is moving toward Bath the commanding general approves of your suggestions regarding your own movements. General Williams will be instructed to obey your orders and co-operate with you if you move. General Banks' division will as soon as possible, probably on Tuesday, be thrown across the Potomac at Harper's Ferry and will support you if Jackson has moved toward Bath. If you learn that the information you have received is incorrect, the general commanding desires you to remain in your present position until you receive further instructions, which will be forwarded to you soon. The general is inclined to think that if Jackson has advanced it is in consequence of his getting wind of our preparations to cross the river at Harper's Ferry. Should he attempt to dispute the passage there your road is open to Winchester. Have directed Banks to obtain all possible information. Should Jackson move on Harper's Ferry let him engage himself fully and complete his march before you stir. Keep in constant communication both with Banks and these headquarters. Sheltertents have been sent for your command. You will be fully advised from time to time of the progress of General Banks in crossing the Potomac, &amp;c.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[5.]

---------------

*See Hooker to Eckert (probably intended for McClellan), VOL. V, p. 726.

---------------

