
PAW PAW, Camp Chase, February 23, 1862-9 o'clock.

General R. M. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

Your telegram just received. Reconnoitering parties and spies have been sent out to test the truth of Colonel Pond's report of the advance of the enemy to Bath. As soon as they return will inform you. My last telegram sent to-day was intended for you but misdirected.

F. W. LANDER,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 23, 1862.

Brigadier General F. W. LANDER,

Paw Paw, Va.:

Your telegram received. The general commanding will make arrangements to-morrow to have cavalry sent to New Creek, as you suggest. You will, unless there is some movement of the rebel forces in the meantime from Winchester, receive orders in two or three days to move east of Hancock to cover the reconstruction of the railroad from that point toward Martinsburg and Harper's Ferry. Whenever there is an advance toward Winchester you and your command will have at least a share in the movement. The general is delighted at the good spirit exhibited by your division.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[5.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 5. Camp Foster, Roanoke Island, February 23, 1862.

The great press of business has alone delayed the brigadier-general commanding in thanking the troops of his brigade for their conduct preceding, during, and subseuqent to the fight of the 8th. The cheerful manner in which officers and men behaved during the comfortless night preceding the fight, the willingness with which they plunged into the swamp (deemed impassable by the enemy), and the coolness and steadiness displayed by all when under the fire of the enemy, meets the praise of their commanding officer, and it is with the greatest willingness and pleasure that he now gives it to them and sicnerely congratulates himself that he has the command of such a brigade. The manner in which, without confusion, the Twenty-fifth [Massachusetts] withdrew from the front when their ammunition was exhausted, and the manner in which the Tenth Connecticut formed line of battle under the fire of the enemy, particularly deserve mention. General Foster has to mourn in common with the brigade and particularly the Tenth Connecticut Volunteers the loss of Colonel Charles L. Russell, who fell dead at the head of his regiment gallantly doing his duty, and tenders him sypmathy to the brigade for the loss of officers and men it has sustained.

By order of Brigadier General J. G. Foster:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[9.]

