SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 54. Washington, February 24, 1862.

* * * *

8. Brigadier General Abner Doubleday, volunteer service, is assigned to duty as inspector of the defensive works about Washington, and to the immediate charge of those on the Maryland side.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 24, 1862.

General SEDGWICK,

Poolesville, Md.:

The major-general commanding directs that you to-morrow morning move with two brigades of your division and all your disposable artillery by way of Adamstown to Harper's Ferry and report to Major-General Banks. Please communicate with him on receipt of this and inform him when to have railroad transportation ready.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The interests of the service require that in addition to what has already been ordered 20,000 rounds of Hotchkiss projectiles be ordred without an hour's delay. Unless this can be done, several of the guns in our batteries will be entirely without efficient ammunition when we move.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

February 26, 1862.

Respectfully returned with the report that 9,000 Hotchkiss projectiles were ordred by this office on the 7th instant, in advance of the Secretary's order, of which 5,500 were to be sent to Washington Arsenal, 2,000 to Kentucky, and 1,500 to Ohio. Yesterday 15,000 of these projectiles, in addition, were ordred to be made and sent to Washington Arsenal with the utmost dispatch. To-day Mr. Hotchkiss was telegraphed that the orders for Washington Arsenal must have precedence of all others, and that he must not lose a moment in filling them. In this connection I desire to refer to my report of the 18th instant in relation to changes of arms in use by troops.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]

