
CAMP CHASE,

Paw Paw, Va., March 4, 1862-4 p. m.

General MCCLELLAN:

I have, in accordance with the plan of General Lander, coimmenced forwarding troops by rail to Martinsburg. I loaded one battery with baggage and equipments this evening and wills tart 5,000 infantry with this battery in the morning. Captain Barstow, aide-de-camp of Lander, who asked to be recalled, expresses a desire now to remain, and, if he can be, to be placed on General Shield's staff. I desire him to remain with me until General Shields arrives.

N. KIMBALL,

Colonel, Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 5, 1862.

General HOOKER, Camp Baker:

General Heitzelman sent out two men to cross the Occoquan and go to Dumfries, but he says the avenues are all strictly guarded from this side. Cannot you send a negroi or two or more to cross below and come up on the road from Dumfries? If so, send there at once, and offer them a large reward if they are successful in getting important information and return soon.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[5.]

MARCH 6, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

I will be up in the morning. I have the information you require. I was at the outposts when your telegram arrived.

S. P. HEITZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[5.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, March 7, 1862.

Mr. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, Baltimore:

It is most important that the railroad bridge at Harper's Ferry, should be completed with the least possible delay. John W. Murphy, 333 Walnut street, Philadelphia, will build the bridge at once by means of suspension scaffolding. The river is said to be falling, however, and your may be able to use ordinary scaffolding. The operations of the army are dependent upon your action in this matter.

GEO. B. MCCELLAN,

General-in-Chief.

[5.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, March 9, 1862.

Colonel INGALLS,

Quarteramster, Annapolis:

Should the Marrimac, which did so much damage at Newport News, attempt anything at Annapolis, it is believed that the best defense

