
WASHINGTON, D. C., [March 18,] 1862 - 3 p. M.

General McCLELLAN:

Burnside's official report has arrived.* The battle was a hard one; our loss heavy; the victory signal. I will be down with the dispatches. Please meet me at the wharf.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Washington, March 18, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I received this morning the order+ of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac directing the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Army Corps to be at once concentrated on their divisions nearest Alexandria, and that their commanders should at once establish their headquarters with their troops; that the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac being in the field, no general officer will leave his command without permission from general headquarters, the perfection of the new organizations rendering it necessary to conform to this order without delay. So far as the above touches me, I beg you will please represent that I have had my headquarters temporarily at this place, in order to fulfill the instructions and wishes, as I supposed, of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac. I, yesterday, was occupied in endeavoring to arrange with the Navy Department to have its co-operation in the movement and landing of the First Corps and in endeavoring to perfect the new organization by getting some dispensable staff officers, whom I should have at once to consult with the naval officer and my chief of staff, so as to avoid confusion when active operations are commenced. As directed, I shall comply at once with the order to place my headquarters near Alexandria, and leave unfinished the objects I have been trying to accomplish. As the whole of the First Corps could not embark together as decided upon for several days, I had permitted King's division to occupy its former camp, that the men in the meantime might be the more comfortable. In addition to what I have previously reported by telegraph to the major-general commanding, I beg to state in reference to my naval co-operation that the Assistant Adjutant-General of the Navy assured me that all the disposable force of the Navy should be at once made available. He is to furnish a written statement of the number and description of the vessels. He is also to designate a naval office to have charge of the fleet of transports. Late yesterday afternoon this had not yet been done. The questions of moving and feeding the First Corps in its operations and supplying it with ammunition require that the proper officers of these departments should be assigned to me, and that they may co-operate it is necessary it should be done before the movement takes place. I have not yet been able to see to these questions nor to having an inspector-general assigned, and I have to request you will see that it is done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RIVIN McDOWELL.

[11.]

---------------

*See VOL. IX, p.197.

+See Circular, VOL. XI, Part III, p.11.

---------------

