
[WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 19, 1862.]

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Alexandria:

Please inform Mr. Scott what arrangements you desire to be made for troops at Fortress Monroe, if any are to be landed there. I have directed Scott's message for to be transmitted to you.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[11.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, No. 23. Fort Monroe, Va., March 19, 1862.

With grateful acknowledgments for the honor to conferred on the major-general commanding the Department of Virginia, the following order is announced:

WASHINGTON, March 18, 1862.

Ordered, That in recognition of faithful service by a distinguished and gallant officer, the name of the fort on the Rip Raps be changed from Fort Calhoun to Fort Wool, by which latter name it shall henceforth be known and designated.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

By command of Major-General Wool:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[9.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, No. 24. Alexandria, Va., March 19, 1862.

It is the wish of the chief of the corps that prompt recognition should follow meritorious service. It is therefore

Ordered, That every signal officer who shall skillfully and bravely carry in action and use his signal flag shall hereafter while serving as signal officer bear upon his services flags a star in place of the block now occupying the center, and one flag which said officer shall be entitled to carry on all occasions of ceremony, or to use at this discretion, shall be decorated as follows: First. The name of the action in which the star is won shall be inscribed in black letters upon the upper point of the star, the names of subsequent actions in which this flag is distinguished shall be borne inscribed upon the other arms of the star in succession, numbering to the right of the central and upper point.

It is the wish of the chief signal officer that the battle-flag won by any officer during this war should become the property of the officer at its close. After each action chief officer of sections, half sections of, or parties will report in writing the name of each and every officer who has faithfully done his duty in that action, specifying his position and the character of the service done by him.

Each signal officer will in addition forward through the chief signal officer a detailed report of the duty done by him, specifying, so far as is practicable, the messages sent by him, the place to which they were sent, and the circumstances under which they were sent. These records will be preserved at the office of the Signal Officer at Washington.

The distribution of battle-flags will be regulated from the list of names thus furnished by chiefs of sections or parties, and from the official reports of names by general or other officers commanding in the

---------------

*See VOL. XI, Part III, p.21.

---------------

