
and for that distance would be an undesirable army road. So far as I could learn, the whole of General Floyd's army has been ordered away, and whatever troops there may be at Lewisburg or White Sulphur Springs are only remnants temporarily left behind. I was credibly informed that General Floyd has been ordered with his army to Richmond. The people of Greenbrier Country seemed generally disposed to admit their helplessness as secessionists, and showed a disposition to make friends with the Federal authorities as the stronger power. The expedition, small as it was, will, I think, have a good influence, and will tend to place the people of that region on their good behavior. In conclusion, I would express my great satisfaction with the officers and men who accompanied me. They carried out all my wishers with remarkable promptness and in good order. To the efficient aid of Acting Adjutant Lindner I was much indebted. I inclose herewith a rude map* of my route and also a rough sketch* of the topography of Meadow Bluff.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

E. B. ANDREWS,

Major Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, U. S. Army,

Commanding Post at Summerville.

[5].

JANUARY 17, 1862.-Scout to vicinity of Springfield and Burke's Stations, Va.

Report of Lieutenant James E. Larkin, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry.

SIR: In accordance with orders from you to scout in the direction of the enemy, I started with eleven men at 8 a. m., following the Orange and Alexandria Railroad; passed our picket about half a mile when I left the railroad, keeping in the fields until I again struck the railroad about half a mile beyond Springfield Station; kept on the railroad nearly to Burke's Station, when I again left it, bearing to the left. I followed a road (which some teams and footmen had passed since the last snow) about two miles when I came to a farm-house occupied by a man by the name of Ashford. He said we were fifteen miles from Alexandria. Some twenty-five rebel cavalry, he said, passed there a few days previous, and we tracked one horseman to his place, whom he said was a rebel cavalryman. There were two horses, some cows, and several head of young cattle on the farm. There were also several loads of corn (in the ear). On our return we kept to the right of the railroad some three miles; did not encounter any rebel scouts or pickets; think there is none between here and Burke's; not much forage on the route I took; arrived in camp about 6 p. m.

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES E. LARKIN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company A, Fifth New Hampshire Vols.

Colonel S. G. LANGLEY.

[5].

