
of the Army of the Potomac are hereby authorized and directed to furnish the same upon your requisition to the same extent furnished to a brigadier-general in service.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 26, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Your telegram of the 25th has just been received. I am in bivouac on Cedar Run, having crossed the stream this afternoon. I am four miles from Warrenton Junction and shall move on that point to-morrow morning. The enemy is reported in force near me, but I do not credit the rumor. I shall be vigilant.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, u. S. Army, commanding.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 26, 1862.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,Beyond Manassas:

General Banks was yesterday five miles below Strasburg, on the road to Mount Jackson, in full pursuit, of the enemy under Jackson, defeated by General Shields on the 23d, four miles from Winchester, and still retreating. Our loss was about 150 killed and between 300 and 400 wounded. Enemy's loss estimated at 350 killed and nearly 1,000 wounded. Many dead and wounded were abandoned in his retreat. Banks has with him now part of his old division and the whole of Shields'. Shields himself is at Winchester, prostrated by a wound received in a skirmish on the day before. The telegraph is being pushed forward to Strasburg.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Alexandria, March 26, 1862-12.50 p. M.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

(Via Harper's Ferry and Strasburg.)

Sumner, with two divisions, is on the march from Manassas to Warrenton Junction. I have no positive news from his, but have just sent for it, and will inform you from time to time all I learn from him. His movement will tend to relieve you and prevent re-enforcements from going to Jackson. What news have you of the rebels? I do not attach much weight to the rumors of Jackson being re-enforced, but be well on the alert and push them well.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, commanding.

[12.]

