
purpose of embarking and disembarking from the steamer. On the execution of these instructions the detachment will return to their regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., March 28, 1862-5.15 p. M.

PETER H. WATSON, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War, Cherrystone Point:

Your dispatch very gratifying.* Do whatever you think best in regard to the big gun, or that will benefit the service in any respect. You had better stay a few days and see the fight. You cannot do as much good anywhere else. Compliments to General Wool and Mr. Vanderbilt.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 94. Near Alexandria Seminary, Va., March 28, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. Brigadier General John P. Hatch is relieved from duty with the First Army Corps (McDowell's), and will without delay report to Major General N. P. Banks for the command of the cavalry serving with the Fifth Corps.

4. The Seventeenth [Eighth] New York Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt; the Sixth New York Cavalry, Colonel Devin; the Tenth New York Cavalry, colonel Lemmon; Price's regiment of Pennsylvania cavalry, now in Philadelphia, and Swain's regiment of New York cavalry, now in New York, will report to Major-General Dix for assignment by him to duty under Colonel Dixon S. Miles, Second Infantry, in guarding the railways, &amp;c. Upon the arrival of any there of these regiments General Dix will cause the Tenth Maine, sixteenth New York, and First District of Columbia Volunteers to be relieved from duty with his division and ordered to report for duty until further orders to Brigadier General James S. Wadsworth, Military Governor of the District of Columbia, who will concentrate them near Fort Corcoran, under the command of the senior officer present. General Wadsworth will report the execution of this order. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the movements indicated.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1862.

Brigadier General E. V. SUMNER,Commanding Second Corps, Warrenton Junction:

(Via Manassas.)

General McClellan directs me to say that if the enemy is in Warrenton in such force that you can drive him out without detaching too

---------------

*See VOL. XI, Part III, p.46.

---------------

