
the supply departments is very desirable now. The enemy appear to expect attack up James and York Rivers. Their guns, except at York[town], point toward the water.

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Steamer Commodore, April 1, 1862.

Major General I. McDOWELL:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to state to you that as your corps may be detained some days on shipboard, he deems it advisable to embark Generals Hooker's and Richardson's divisions at once, and embark the entire First Corps afterward. He also desires you to proceed in person on the 3rd instant to Fort Monroe, by which time he expects to be in full possession of the state of affairs there, and can then determine finally upon future operations. He would also be glad to have you practice at least one of your regiments and one battery in disembarking in scows and under the direction of Captain Rodgers, of the Navy, all the corps witnessing the practice. He is of opinion that the embarkation should being on Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. Please leave specific instructions to the officers concerned on your departure for Fort Monroe, and communicate with Colonel Ingalls regarding the transports,&amp;c.

I am, &c.,R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[11.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. PORTER'S DIVIS., 3rd ARMY CORPS, Camp No. 2, new Market Bridge, Va., No. 35. April 3, 1862.

This division will march to-morrow morning in the following order: First column - cavalry; Berdan's sharpshooters; Second Brigade (Morell's) and Griffin's and Allen's batteries. This command will be in motion at 5 a. M. and take the right-hand road to Big Bethel. Colonel Berdan will, from skillful mechanics of his command which are unarmed, organize a pioneer party to replace the brigade over the stream at Big Bethel, and in connection with the pioneers of the brigade, reopen the road blocked up by felled timber. The brigade commanders will require all bridges to be properly repaired for the passage of vehicles. The cavalry will precede the column as far as Big Bethel, where, if no enemy to oppose the advance be found, the commander will notify the commander of the second as well as the first column. Beyond Big [Bethel] one squadron of the cavalry will precede the main column and keep in rear of the skirmishers. The remainder of the cavalry will fall in rear of the first column. Second column - Weeden's battery and First Brigade (Martindale's) will march at 6 a. M. and take the direct road to Big Bethel. At that point it will fall in rear of the cavalry. Third column - Martin's battery and Third Brigade (Butterfield's) will fall immediately in rear of second column. Regimental ambulances will follow in rear of their respective regiments. Wagons of batteries to follow batteries. The wagons of headquarters train (preceded by the ambulances attached to it), sharpshooters, cavalry, and Second Brigade will follow in rear of the first column as far as Big Bethel, where (ambulances excepted) they

