
will fall in rear of the third column. The wagons of the second and third column will follow the third column in the order of march of the commands to which they belong. The brigade quartermaster will see that the trains get into their proper places. Regimental quartermaster will keep with their own trains and see them kept closed and in order. Each regimental commander will detail a guard to this train, which will at once aid any disabled teams. Each brigade commander will place a field officer over the train of his brigade and command the regimental guards and the rear guard. That officer should generally be the brigade field officer of the day, and he is relied upon to use his energy and good judgment to keep the trains and guards in proper order and attention. The quartermaster pertaining to the brigade will obey his orders. Commanders will give direction to their commands always to keep to the right of the road in case artillery or cavalry have to pass them. The offices in charge of trains will require the same of their wagons. Each command must move promptly in position. Those lat must take their place in rear of their respective brigades. If a train of any regiment be not ready to take its place at the proper time, the train in the order of march will take its place.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

FORTRESS MONROE, April 3, 1862.

(Received 9.10 p. M.)

General SUMNER:

Your dispatch received.* You will please, after giving the necessary instructions to General Blenker for his immediate march to Manssas and thence to Strasburg, after the 4,000 men arrive from Washington, proceed yourself to join this army.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[11.]

WHEELING, April 3, 1862-10 p. M.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding, Strasburg:

The enemy is reported retreating from Camp Baldwin, twenty miles east of Cheat Mountain. Milroy has been ordered to follow cautiously, being unprovided with artillery.

JNO. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, commanding.

[12.]

WHEELING, VA., April 5, 1862.

(Received 10.15 p. M.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Milroy is advancing to occupy Fort Alleghany, and General Cox is ordered to drive the rebels from Flat Top Mountain and send strong reconnoitering parties into Mercer County.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.

[12.]

---------------

*See April 2, VOL. XI, Part III, p.56.

---------------

