
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, No. 10. Wheeling, April 7, 1862.

I. Until further orders, Colonel Charles Zagoni, aide-de-camp, is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Fremont:

HENRY THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, No. 11. Wheeling, Va., April 7, 1862.

I. Commanderes of posts, and all troops not moving in the field, are directed to use their utmost exertions to destroy the various bands of guerrillas now beginning to infest the department. The activity of the rebels must be met by corresponding watchfulness. White it is impossible to guard all the points liable to be attacked by these bands, it is easy of fight them in their own style, and by rapid marches, vigorous attacks, and severe measures, annihilate them. To this end, therefore, sudden and frequent movements must be made, both by night and day. Commanders will obtain from scouts, and every other source of information, the earliest and best intelligence with regard to the movements and haunts of the marauders, and surprise and attack them whenever possible. It is desirable that all the reliable information of any such guerrilla movements shall be also transmitted directly to the headquarters of this department.

By command of Major-General Fremont:

ALBERT TRACY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., April 8, 1862.

Major-General BANKS,

Woodstock:

Major Hunt has presented your views. They have been considered and are approved, to be executed when and how you deem proper.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[12.]

WOODSTOCK, April 8, 1862.

(Received 8.45 a. M. 9th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch referring to interview with Captain Hunt gives me great satisfaction. We have had storm of snow and rain two days and nights, which still continues. Streams much swollen. The movements of Generals L. Blenker and Geary relieve apprehension expressed in letter to you in part.* We still need a battery of 20-pounder Parrot guns or 12-pounder brass guns, the first preferable; an efficient cavalry. Nothing new to report. All reports indicate a general tendency of enemy southward from Potomac to Shenandoah Mountain.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, commanding.

[12.]

---------------

*See Banks to Thomas, April 6, VOL. XII, Part III, p.48.

---------------

