
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., April 16, 1862.

Brigadier General LOUIS BLENKER:

GENERAL: Your ver interesting and satisfactory report, dated at Paris, the 13th instant, has just been received by the hands of Captain Struve. It grieves me to find that you have been led to suppose that you had lost my confidence. On the contrary, although injurious reports of your administration have reached me in such shape as to lead me to believe that there were irregularities in your command that ought to corrected, yet your capacity and fidelity as a soldier has not been doubted. Having heard nothing of your command for some time, and at length learning that you had met with an accident that disabled your to some extent, my solicitude for you and division induced me to dispatch General Rosecrans to ascertain your position and directy your movements until you should come within the orders of Major-General Fremont. By this it was not designed to supersede your or to indicate any want of confidence, but only to afford you in an unknown country and a tedious march the aid of a distinguished officer familiar with the region. I am glad to learn that you are recovering from your injury, and hope that you and the brave soldiers and gallant officers of your command may soon be in a field of duty that may enable you to exhibit the soldierly qualities and brave and patriotic spirit which has distinguished all the German volunteers in the service of the United States. It will give me pleasure to do all in the power of the Department to supply the wants or contribute to the efficiency of your division.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[12.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, No. 4. Catlett's Station, April 16, 1862.

I. In addition to those heretofore published as composing the staff of the major-general commanding, the following-named officers are announced: Aides and acting aides-de-camp, Captain J. C. Willard and Lieutenant Franklin Haven, volunteer service. Engineer department, Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Macomb, aide-de-camp, chief topographical engineer. Quartermaster's department, Captain Frederick Myers, chief quartermaster.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Catlett's, April 16, 1862.

Brigadier-General McCALL,Manassas:

Major-General McDowell directs you to send a brigade of your division to Bristoe. King's division has been ordered forward. Furnish a sufficient guide [guard?] to Captain Berier for the subsistence stores at Bristoe.

E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]

