
location or employment of the troops, taken place. Yesterday a slight skirmish occurred in front of Davisons's brigade (Smith's division). The enemy pushed our pickets with his skirmishers but was driven back it is reported with loss. Our loss 2 men killed, 2 mortally wounded, 1 slightly wounded, and 1 taken prisoner. We captured one prisoner from the enemy. Measures have been taken to provide cordage to mantles for the guns now in battery on Smith's front. One man in Sedgwick's division last evening was severely wounded on picket and one killed the night before.

Very respectfully,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, April 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General MARCY,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General Smith is shelling the enemy out of his work.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[11.]

CHEESEMAN'S LANDING, April 23, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Some order should be given which will enable me to have the use of the pontoons for landing the troops of my division. We can use profitably 100. Not more than eight or nine are here now. To be delivered below Cheeseman's Landing, with oars and anchors for all, and balks and chases enough for twenty. My cavalry has not yet been able to land, so that it is impossible for me to send a messenger to headquarters at present.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]

NEW MARKET, April 23, 1862.

(Received 2.30 p. M. 24th.)

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

General Hatch reports that we have but eleven companies of cavalry and a very large extent of country to cover and observe. The Fifth New York Cavalry is at Strasburg waiting orders from the Department, and I demit of the highest importance to our movement, which we hope will be actie, that it should strengthen that arm of the service in Fifth Corps. We do not intend to lie still or wait, and want to move. Please present the subject to the Secretary.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.

[12.]

