HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Near Aquia Creek, April 25, 1862.

Brigadier General R. KING,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The headquarters are temporarily established here. Learning that the Lacy house, at which his headquarters are located and in which some of his staff are now, has been occupied for the sick, Major-General McDowell directs me to inquire why this has been done, and he wishes it to be rectified at once if there are proper accommodations for the sick elsewhere. General McDowell instructs me to inform you that you may expect a number of canal boats up the Rappahannock to-morrow to be used in constructing a bridge, and he wishes them to be placed between the ordinary and railroad bridge and guarded very carefully. The general intends to be at Falmouth to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, April 26, 1862.

General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General, washington:

I beg that no effort be spared to expedite the arrival of heavy guns and ammunition. They should be shipped in light-draft vessels, propellers if possible, and be sent direct to Ship Point instead of Fort Monroe. Delafield sent a number of mantles to Belger for transportation here. Please hurry them forward. Scows drawing not over two feet would be very useful tous here. In spite of the rain and bad roads we are getting on very well, but I anxiously await more heavy guns.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, April 26, 1862.

General J. W. RIPLEY,]

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

Please hurry forward the 20 and 30 pounder Parrots, as well as 10-inch mortars. We need them much. Some more 8-inch siege howitzers would be useful. We shall get the 13-inch mortars in battery to-morrow, I hope. Weather very bad, but all goes on well. Don't let us get out of ammunition when we are fairly started.

G. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General.

[11.]

WHEELING, April 26, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Full report in to-night from Colonel Harris, giving results to date of combined expedition under Colonel Crook and himself, ordered by me, against guerrillas in Webster County. Cavalry under Lieutenant Lawson attacked by guerrillas when in advance on Thursday, April 16. After killing 5 and having 3 wounded, fell back on infantry under

