
Captain Darnall. Next day advanced near scene of previous skirmish, and were fired on again. Skirmished for five miles, killing 12 guerrillas, one with a commission in his pocket from Governor Letcher to raise a guerrilla company. Met Colonel Crook's troops, sent form Summersville, at Anddison, county of Webster. Turned over to them four prisoners. Town of Addison found deserted. Proved to be a guerrilla haunt, and burned seventeen houses in all. Captured some horses and cattle. Seventeen guerrillas killed in all; nineteen taken prisoners.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, commanding.

[12.]

NEW MARKET, April 27, 1862.

(Received 8.50 a. M. 28th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Nothing important to-day. I go to Harrisonburg this afternoon; return to-morrow. Any orders received here will be sent froward. General Fremont dispatch was not inclosed in your last. On my return will forward plan of operations for this column. Weather fine to-day.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, commanding.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Winfield Scott, April 28, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I regret to inform you that Generals Davidson and Graham are on sick report. The former received from General Keyes a leave of absence of fifteen days and the letter is in hospital at Warwick Court-House. I will send an order to General Davidson to remain at Fortress Monroe until he is able to resume his duty. I would be gald if brigadiers could be had to take these commands in the meantime, for it will not be safe to trust the command of brigades to the seniority of colonels. I have to report that I have visited the entire left to-day. I found three of the enemy's gun-boats in the river near the mouth of the Warwick, and they had thrown a number of shells, but without effect. The post at Young's Mill and house I have strengthened by placing a full regiment there. A skirmish took place between Hancock's brigade and the enemy's this morning. I will forward the report as soon as it is received.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, commanding.

[11.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Aquia, April 28, 1862.

(Received 2.45 p. M.)

Hon. EDWIM M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

I send up by to-day's boat seventeen prisoners taken by our troops in their advance on Fredericksburg. They are mostly of the Ninth

---------------

*See VOL. XI, Part I, p.391.

---------------

