
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, No. 18. Wheeling, April 29, 1862.

Brigade Surg. John T. Carpenter will repair to Wheeling and relieve Brigade Surg. George Suckley in the duties of medical purveyor. Brigade Surg. George Suckley is assigned to duty on the staff of the commanding general and will report accordingly.

By command of Major-General Fremont:

HENRY THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MOUNTAIN DEPARTMENT, No. 19. Wheeling, April 29, 1862.

I. Pursuant to directions of this date, from the Secretary of War, Asst. Surg. J. Letterman is relieved from duty as medical director of this department, and will report in person without delay to the Surgeon-General at Washington City, D. C.

II. Brigade Surg. George Suckley will act temporarily as medical director until relieved by Surg. L. H. Holden, who is ordered to replace Assistant Surgeon Letterman.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

HENRY THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

Yorktown, April 30, 1862.

(Received Trenches between Redoubt A and Battery 5, 12.30 a. M., May 1, 1862.)

Colonel LANSING:

Man your redoubts and parallels; push forward men to watch the notions of the enemy; have the guns in Batteries 5 and 3 and Redoubt A ready to open in case of attack. I think the object is to cause us to unmask the batteries. I will have field artillery in your rear. Man your parapets and keep the men cool, and you need fear nothing. I have asked for two field batteries and two regiments to be posted in your rear near my old headquarters as a reserve. Unless the enemy advances in force I don't want the Batteries 5 and 2 to open. It is only to compel us to show what we are about that he is now working. Keep your men cool - don't let them be stampeded. If anything be done it will be just at daybreak, when the new guards will be there. Any other party coming out will be small, to draw fire that they may fire at you with artillery. Bring this in with you to-morrow.

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]

FREDERICKSBURG, April 30, 1862.

Brigadier-General ORD,

Catlett's Station:

Move with your brigade and the artillery and cavalry belonging to McCall's division to this place without delay. Start in the morning (Thursday, May 1), and acknowledge the receipt of this by telegraph.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

[12.]

