
Manassas Junction. I have ordered all of McCall's division to this point. I wish you to take the necessary measures to relieve to-day, if possible, or as soon as you possibly can, any of his force now on or near the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, or on the Manassas Gap Railroad, or near Manassas Junction, directing it as soon as relieved to repair here by the most expeditions route; and that until other arrangements can be made, as I hope they may, by which General Banks shall have a portion of this duty to perform, you will give all orders and make such disposition as may be necessary for the service on the lines of railroad coming into Alexandria. Please ask the Secretary to show you may dispatch to him of last night.*

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, commanding Department.

[12.]

HEADQUARTERES ADVANCE BRIGADE, Near Rectortown, Va., May 1, 1862.

(Received 8.15 p. M.)

Hon. EDWIM M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of yesterday received last night. I have the honor to report that the railroad has been in complete running order since the 29th. Five trains carried stores to Front Royal yesterday. Telegraphic communication is also complete. My command is guarding thirty-two miles of the road. There are numerous bands of guerrillas between where and headwaters of the Rappahannock, and for the safety of the road it is necessary for my command to concentrate in the western section, the mountains of which are infested by organized bands of guerrillas. I can there effect measures for the subsequent safety of our railroad operations. It will be necessary for one regiment to guard the eastern portion in addition to the companies posted west of Manassas, four companies at Salem, three at Rectortown, and three at Piedmont. I have telegraphed to General McCall to supply them. My command cak take care of the rest effectually. The cavalry guard to General Banks' wagon train has not reported to me, nor am I cognizant of their whereabouts.

With high regard,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding

[12.]

WARRENGTON JUNCTION, May 1, 1862.

(Received 9 a. M.)

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Arrived here at 11.30 last night, within the whole hours you have me, having been nearly five hours on the railroad. Will get information of troops, country, &amp;c., and send full report as soon as possible.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General.

[12.]

---------------

*See VOL. XII, Part III, p.117.

---------------

