
North Carolina to resist the march of the Federals from Fredericksburg and to delay them long enough for him to see the probable result of the contest before Yorktown, so that if that was likely to be unsuccessful he would have time to extricate his army form the Peninsula and get them into Richmond and out of Virginia; that otherwise they would all be caught. The coachman represents that Mrs. Davis said the Confederacy was about played out; that if New Orleans was really taken she had no longer any interests in the matter, as all she had was there; that it was a gre ever attempted to heed Virginia and the other non-cotton-growing States; that she said to Mrs. D. R. Jones, daughter of Colonel James Taylor, U. S. Commissary-general of subsistence, and who very anxious to get to Washington, where she has one of her children, not to give herself any trouble, but only to stay where she was, and when the Yankees came into Richmond she could go. He says Mr. and Mrs. Davis have all their books, clothing, and pictures packed up ready to move off; that there is much outspoken Union feeling in Richmond that, having been waiter in a hotel, he knows all the Union men of the place, and that the Yankees are looked for with much pleasure, more by the whites thane ven by the colored people. The Confederate money is not taken when it can be avoided. Mrs. Davis herself was refused when she offered a ten-dollar Confederate note, which she did in payment for something purchased for Mrs. Brown. Many of the Richmond people wish the Union troops to come, as they are half starved out. The bank and Government property are all packed up for Danville, N. C. [Va.] General Johnston did not think they would succeed at Yortkown. Overheard officers say if they failed at Yortkown and New Orleans they would leave Virginia.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION, New Market, May 4, 1862.

(Received 7 a. M. 5th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of this date in reference to the evacuation of Yortkown received. I have all along apprehended this before we could close round the enemy and cut off his communications. I feel very anxious to know in what direction he is likely to retire.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, commanding.

[12.]

WARRENTON JUNCTION, May 4, 1862-9.30 p. M.

(Received 10.40 p. M.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Dispatch announcing evacuation of Yortkown received. Sent strong cavalry reconnaissance to cross Rappahannock and proceed rapidly and secretly toward Culpeper Court-House to obtain information concerning movements and position of enemy,&amp;c. Gave detailed instructions respecting proper degree of caution and prudence. If opportunity offers, I want to pick any tempting force sufficiently near, and at the same time want to know whether they may have similar intentions respecting myself. The force at Catlett's being removed, leaves me far

