
enough in advance to make either course practicable under favorable circumstances. I will not be caught napping.

Respectfully,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 4, 1862.

General ROSECRANS,

Winchester:

The rebels evacuated Yorktown last night. Demonstrations are being made toward Banks and may also be directed toward McDowell.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 4, 1862.

JOHN TUCKER, Esq.,

Fortress Monroe:

Please detain, until further order, all the transportation that may be at Fortress Monroe, Shipping Point, or elsewhere in that vicinity, and report how much transportation there is fit for a movement upon Charleston, S. C., and how much there is fit for any other purpose. Give this instant attention.

EDWIM M. STANTON.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., May 4, 1862.

Colonel H. HAUPT,

Potomac Creek:

I congratulate you on the success of your first essay. your foresight, energy, and general good management will insure continued success. The news of the evacuation of Yortkown without either fight or bombardment is confirmed. The evacuation was completed last night, but had been going on for some days, it is reported. Nothing new from the West.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[12.]

CAMP NO.5, Princeton, May 4, 1862-1 a. M.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: At this time I have received no communication from you written after you heard of the capture of this point. I shall hold this until 10 o'clock if I do not sooner hear from your. I send inclosed a list of Captain Foley's men, the "Flat Top Copperheads," taken from the pocket of one killed by Lieutenant Botsford's men.* You have the precious document, with spelling, &amp;c. It should be copied for all who are likely to catch any of the scamps. Foragers yesterday found considerable quantities of well-cured bacon and fresh meat. With new grass coming

---------------

*List omitted.

---------------

