
Counties. The Forty-fifth has a large part of it scattered over toward the Wytheville road, a part missing, and the remnant, at the Narrows, will run on the first excuse. The force now here can take the Narrows on your order in forty-eighth hours. They are said to have some artillery, three to six pieces. I have sent reliable scouts to try to get accurate information. A rebel captain of the Forty-fifth said, "No man could stand the yelling of the Yankees, especially as they fired so fast." Twenty wagons, provisions, and Company B, Thirtieth, arrived at 2 p. m. They report the roads hence to Raleigh veyr good and improving. The trouble is from Raleigh to Gauley. Captains Hunter and Lovejoy have arrived. They report Captain Foley died of his wounds. This will be a death blow to the "Copperheads." All the people tell us that we need apprehend no bushwhacking this side of that gang, either here or in front of us. I am much gratified with the order and messages you send. I know I have not given you as full and explicit report of things as would have been desirable, but when actually engaged in an enterprise, I am so occupied in trying to do the best thing that I cannot write satisfactorily. I think in this matter every important thing was right, save possibly one, which I will explain when we meet. We can get here and in the country in front considerable meat - some cured, but mostly fresh. In sending foreard provision trains this can to some extent be considered. More salt, less meat, can be sent. Will you dispatch General Cox that our long-range muskets are much needed in the present service. Our experience the last few days satisfies every one that a man who can kill at 400 yards is worth three or four men with common muskets. The quartermaster will need send them unless General Cox orders it. It reained during the night and is cloudy this morning. I think we shall not have another 'smart spell of falling weather," however. In the house intended for your headquarters are ten or fifteen rooms of all sorts, some chairs and tables, but no bedding; a good kitchen cooking stove, two negro women, and all appendages. Thomas will be able to make it a good establishment in a few hours for everybody you want, and a vacant room for hospitality. If, however, you prefer something smaller, there are three of four others that will do as well, and the house in question can be a hospital, if needed. No sick here now. You must have your bedding with you when you arrive, if possible.

Respectfully,

R. B. HAYES,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-third Regiment Ohio VOL. Infty., Commanding Detachment.

[12.]

CAMP Numbers 5, Princeton, May 5, 1862.

Colonel SCAMMON:

SIR: This whole region is completely conqurered; rapid movement is all that is needed to take possession of the railroad and several good counties without opposition. Militiamen are coming in glad to take the oath and get home to work crops. A part of Jenifer's force retreated through Tazewell, abandong Jeffersonville, and, it is reported, burning it. Humphrey Marshall is reported on the railroad and near or at Wytheville. The Forty-fifth retreated on Giles, abandoning the Narrows, leaving the place deserted. These are the reports, not perfectly reliable, but I am inclined to credit them. At the Rocky Gap many muskets were even burned, the militiamen thinking it safer to return home unarmed. There is a report from Tazewell that a battalion of cavalry is approaching through Logan and McDowell, the other part of the

