
front of you, and the means of moving most promptly should you be pressed, no supports can possibly be required. He counsels you to perform well the part of a cavalry officer, and if the danger be as imminent as you suppose, keep half of your command ready saddled, and attack any force which may be directed against you. The general regards you as an officer in charge of an outpost and expects you to perform all the duties of one.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]

CAMP Numbers 6, Giles, May 7, 1862-6.30 o'clock.

Colonel SCAMMON:

SIR: We arrived here after a pretty severe march of twenty-eight miles. We know really very little of the enemy. It is reported the Jenifer cavalry is at Newberne, the Forty-fifth at Cloyd's Mountain, thirteen miles distant, also the Thirty-third. We are without artillery and perhaps you would do well to send us some. We are told that the enemy are informed of our strength and of the large amount of property of theirs in our hands. There is no reason other than this fact for apprhending an attack. The current rumor is that they intend fortifying Cloyd's Mountain. You can judge from these facts what is required. My opinion is we are perfectly safe. The property is very valuable, especially for us here. It is worth here not less than $5,000.

Respectfully,

R. B. HAYES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-third Regiment, Commanding.

P. S. - General Heth is nowhere near here.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,Opposite Fredericksburg, May 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Aquia Creek:

The Ninetieth Pennsylvania and Twenty-sixth New York will march to this place to-morrow. Captain Tillson's battery, at Belle Plain, will also be moved to this place. Send the telegraphic order which goes to him this evening to Belle Plain this evening or to-morrow morning. Report the means of transportation these regiments have.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 8, 1862-10.15 a. m.

Colonel JOHN W. GEARY,

Rectortown, Va.:

Report daily to this Department; also to General McDowell, from whom you must take your instructions.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[12.]

