
as far as Harrisonburg to-day without seeing any indications of the enemy. We will keep a sharp lookout.

JAS. SHIELDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

[12.]

ROMNEY, May 8, 1862.

(Received 9.55 a. m. 9th).

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received at 9 p. m. Arrived here at 4 p. m. with last brigade of Blenker's. First Brigade, eleven miles ahead, crossing the South Branch to-night, to move on Petersburg. The want of a small, neat pontoon train great. Trust this pretended advance is a feint. Hope it is not.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[12.]

CAMP Numbers 6,

Giles Court-House, May 8, 1862-4.30 a. m.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: A citizen came in from Dublin last night about 11 o'clock. He reports no troops there except a few guards, and the enemy engaged in removing all stores to Lynchburg. They commenced moving before we came here. He came over Cloyd's Mountain and in the gap, posted strongly, he found the Forty-fifth and its militia perhaps 500 strong, and the Thirty-sixth which had just joined them from the other side of New River (they had been at Lewisburg), 300 strong, with five pieces artillery, "one large and four small." They had ascertained that the advance "guard of the Yankees" which took Giles was only 250 strong and were then getting ready to march against us to attack last night with one cannon. He heard when he came within four miles that we were being re-enforced, the negroes reporting it; thought there must be 15,000 now in Giles. He said if they heard of the re-enforcements it would certainly stop their coming. They had hope of re-enforcements to stop us at Cloyd's Mountain from the men on furlough from Floyd's brigade. The brigade is to be reorganized immediately. It will form part of three regiments. No other re-enforcements hoped for in the camp talk of the enemy. This si the substance of the information given me. I think it is reliable. I doubled the pickets at 12 last night and sent cavalry patrols four miles to the front. I could not help wishing if our information was correct that the enemy would be discovered approaching. But all is reported quiet. I suspect they will let us alone. If they approached in the force reported we should have flogged them well. As to re-enforcements we should have some artillery. All others should bring tents with them. The houses are all occupied. If the Thirtieth comes let them take two days. It is too severe on feet to march twenty-eight miles on stones and hard knobs. The necessity for strengthening this post lies here: The country has a great deal of forage, and we can't get it unless we are strong. The enemy yesterday ran off with 600 bushels of shelled corn from near here. We have 250 barrels of flour, 9 barrels corn meal, 6 barrels of salt, sugar, drugs,

