
received orders from Colonel Hill to return to camp, which he did, and I fell back a few hundred yards to a bridge to prevent my being flanked from the Union Mills Ford road, where I remained until late in the afternoon. Then receiving General Staurt's order to return to Union Mills Ford and report to Colonel Robertson, I did so, burning the railroad bridge and reaching there about dark, and was ordered by him to hold that ford, which I did until 12 o'clock that night, when I was relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Nicholls, of the Eighth Louisiana, and ordered to my regiment. I have lost thirteen men missing, some of whom I still hope to hear from. They are all of Company F, which being armed with rifles, without bayonets, made an ineffectual defense against a cavalry charge; four of them were killed or badly wounded and nine are still missing. Lieutenant Joseph H. Stewart, of Company F, is also missing, and has been taken, I expect. When last seen he was fighting gallantly, having killed a trooper who was charging him. Private Nolan first shot a man who was riding at him, then with his clubbed rifle broke the forelegs of the horse of the next trooper, and was then cut down. The enemy's loss was certainly, I think, seven men killed or wounded besides losing several horses. There were two troops of cavalry and two regiments of infantry, one of which was deployed to the east and right of the railroad, while the other advanced in line of battle on Ford's house. In the face of this force I held my right post until ordered back, though then within 500 or 600 yards of him.

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment First Maryland Regiment.

General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Army of the Potomac.

[5.]

MARCH 10-JUNE 22, 1862-Operations in Northern Virginia.

Journal of events in the commands of General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army.*

Monday, March 10, 1862.-The division headquarters left Arlington at about 8 o'clock and took up line of march. The forenoon was rainy. Arrived at camping ground about 6 o'clock, one mile and a half beyond Fairfax Court-House, on Mrs. Cockerell's place. Northing of importance transpired. Went to Centerville (General McD. and staff). Saw a very long and well-placed line of fortifications the enemy had thrown up and abandoned Saturday and Sunday.

Tuesday, March 11, 1862.-Pitched the tents and arranged the office. General McClellan and staff, General McDowell and staff, General Porter and staff, Generals Barnard, Smith, Franklin, and Stoneman, &amp;c., went to Canterville and Manassas, escorted by General Cooke's cavalry and Colonel Davies' cavalry. Found no enemy. They had evidently left in haste, leaving tents, clothing, the railroad, and other property. We came back over the battle-field of Bull Run; found the Stone Bridge broken. We went by Blackburn's or rather Mitchell's Ford; roads terrible. Colonel Davies' cavalry went ahead from Centerville, General Cooke having got on the wrong road and not coming up until we reached Manassas. Lieutenant Abbot and a party went up to Sudley Springs to see if the cavalry could get forage; found only

---------------

* Keep in the office of the assistant adjutant-general at McDowell's headquarters.

---------------

