HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp at Roper's Church, May 12, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Commander Rodgers writes me to-day that he went with the gun-boats yesterday past Little Brandon. Everything quiet and no signs of troops crossing the river. He found two batteries of ten or twelve guns each on the south side of James River - one opposite the mouth of the Warwick, the other about southwest from Mulberry Point. The upper battery on Hardin's or Mother Tine's Bluff has heavy rifled pieces. Between the batteries lay the Jamestown and Yorktown. Commander Rodgers offered battle, but the gun-boats moved off. He silenced one battery, and finding it required too much ammunition to silence the other ran past it. Rodgers says the Galena cannot use her engines when aground, the valves, pipes and condenser becoming clogged with sand, &amp;c. He says that the channel marks are all changed; that the Galena will almost certainly run aground in passing up to City Point, and that while aground, being to a great degree paralyzed, she and our two gun-boats will not be able to resist the five gun-boats, to say nothing of the batteries. He adds: "To make a wise advance toward City Point I need three or four more gun-boats. If you can spare any of those in York River, the flag-officer will send them, I am convinced."

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Send same to Flag-Officer L. M. Goldsborough, Fort Monroe.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp at Roper's Church, May 12, 1862.

Brigadier General C. GROVER, Williamsburg:

Headquarters moves early to-morrow morning to Cumberland. Maintain communication with Commander Rodgers and keep the general promptly and fully advised of his movements and position.

By command:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED BRIGADE,Near Rectortown, Va., May 12, 1862. (Received 5.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have the honor to report that nothing of hostile import has occurred along my lines to-day. General Banks' body guard, the Zouaves D'Afrique, have rejoined the general. There are some excellent and recently built hospitals, capable of accommodating about 300 sick, at Front Royal. They were erected by the rebel army and cotain many accommodations.

Very respectfully,

John W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[12.]

---------------

*According to McClellan's maniford dispatch book. For version as received by Stantoon, see VOL. XI, Part III, PAGE 167.

---------------

