
100 bushels of corn. General McClellan concluded it was not enough to answer. We all took a lunch at Manassas, and our lunch basket proved a godsend to a good many hungry people, among others General McClellan. We found houses (that is cantonments) for rebel soldiers. They must have had a very large force there; probably it came fully up to our estimate. They have burnt most of the town. Sent several letters by two messengers to the city. Got forage for headquarters from Burke's Station, though most of the division did not have any. Went by measurement and estimate on map thirty-five miles. Signal corps, commanded by Lieutenant Russell, reported this day.

Wednesday, March 12.-General McDowell at General McClellan's headquarters almost all day. Ambulance train came up this morning in charge of Mr. Stokes; also a forage train bringing 25,000 pounds of grain and 8,000 pounds of hay. There was a great deal of difficulty in getting supplies. No arrangement seems to have been made to meet the emergencies. Had my horse botched up at Captain Monroe's battery, but the shoes were not worth much, and the horse I fear will be lame for some time. Found that we had no spades.

Thursday, March 13.-Governor Dennison, of Ohio, staid with us last night. General McD. went to General McClellan's headquarters in the morning and the to the city. While gone he was relieved from the command of the division and General King appointed in his place. Major Whipple left us yesterday and went to General McClellan. He went with General Stoneman on a reconnaissance to find the rebels this morning. Comstock, McAlester, and Merrill stopped on the way to Centerville.

Friday, March 14.-The books and papers belonging to the assistant adjutant-general's office were turned over to Captain Chandler, assistant adjutant-general of King's division. General McDowell returned from Washington about 3 o'clock and gave orders to strike tents and go back with the train to Arlington to stay over night and await orders. The train was much delayed by a large body of troops in front on the Little River turnpike, who were evidently stopping. The train reached Arlington about 1 a. m. March 15. It rained most of the march. The general and staff went direct to Washington.

March 15.-General and staff stain in Washington all day, most of the time at General Williams' headquarters. First report of corps d'armee made to-day for this corps, taken from reports of March 1, 4, and 6. Obtained from the War Department the books for the new corps. Major Brown was sent across the river to tell McCall's division to halt and camp for the night at the best place they could find for shelter. The day was mostly appropriated to providing all necessary articles to take on the march. Terrible rain all day. King's division took up the line of march from their old camp in the vicinity of Fairfax Court-House. About 9 a. m. Lieutenant Wadsworth went to see them and tell them to take up the line of march to Alexandria. He met General King on the Columbia turnpike beyond Bailey's Cross-Roads. Augur's brigade went to Alexandria and was then ordered back to Upton's Hill, having northing but mud to camp in and no wood. McCall was ordered to encamp where he was, beyond Falls Church, he having got into the mud. Applied to Colonel Macomb and got the promise of balloons to be delivered in Alexandria Monday. Colonel Schriver prepared his first official act to-day in regard to McCall's division, as chief of staff.

March 16.-Heard that King's, Augur's, and Wadsworth's brigades had gone back to their old camps to quarter until they should be ordered again to move. No business transacted at the office during the day.

