
commanding Connecticut Volunteers, with their regiments, will comprise the force to be gathered there. The object of your command is to secure the army from attacks in rear of flank by parties of the enemy passing down this bank of the river, and to patrol the country between the turnpike and river, and for this purpose the commanding general relies on your vigilance and that of the officers and men under you. You will keep him informed of everything about you and communicate often with him. You will obtain all information of the enemy possible at Newcastle and Hanover, and the character and number of the roads and ferries, and what force, if any, is beyond the river. You are authorized to employ guides. In your rear at Parsley's Mill will be General Cooke's command, and on your left General Stoneman, whom you are desired to communicate with. If Colonel Tyler has not arrived, you are desired to send him these instructions and turn them over to Colonel Rush for his information. If possible, make as good a sketch of the country, showing roads, &amp;c., as you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE MONTEITH,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 22, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have no answer to my telegram inquiring whether a conference could be had to-night or to-morrow morning with you at Fredericksburg, and what mode of transportation there would be from Aquia Creek.*

EDWIM M. STANTON.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Fort Monroe, Va., May 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: With the kindest feelings toward the citizens of Norfolk, and for no other reason than to promote their prosperity and to encourage them in their welldoing, and to return to their allegiance to the United States, and with reference to opening the port, and so stated at the time, I informarly inquired of several of the common council how I was to consider the status of the city, that is, whether the citizens now regarded themselves as to the United States or of the so-called Confederacy, or as neutrals, or as a conquered people. To this informal inquiry I received the inclosed reply, which I could consider in no other light than a determination to adhere to the traitorous government of the South. Consequently I could pursue no other course than to leave the citizens in the position in which we found them when the authorities surrendered the city to the United States. Hence I have prohibited all trade by the citizens with the North, and by the Northern people with that city. I am inclined to believe that many of the citizens are beginning to see the folly of the course they are pursuing and probably will soon take steps to direct public opinion in the right way.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

---------------

*For answer, see Schriver to Stanton, VOL. XII, Part III, p. 214.

---------------

