
[Inclosures.]

CITY OF NORFOLK, to wit:

At a joint meeting of the select and common councils, held May 10, 1862, the following preamble and resolutions were offered and adopted viz:

Whereas an official communication has been received by the mayor of the city from Major-General Huger, announcing that the troops which formerly defended this neighborhood have been removed elsewhere by order of the Government, and that having no longer the means of defending the city, he turns the charge of it over to the mayor and its civil officers: Therefore,

Resolved, That Captain James Corwick and C. H. Rowland, esq., president and vice-president of the select council, and J. B. Whitehead and G. W. Camp, esq., president and vice-president of the common council, be, and they are hereby, appointed a committee to co-operate with the mayor in conferring with the Federal military commander, and assuring him that no resistance can or will be made to the occupation of the city by the U. S. forces, but that the citizens expect and claim protection to persons and property during such occupation.

Resolved, That the committee proceed forthwith to the discharge of the duty assigned them.

Teste.

[SEAL.] F. G. BROUGHTON, Jr.,

Clerk of the Councils.

CITY OF NORFOLK, to wit:

At a joint meeting of the select and common councils, held May 16, 1862:

The members appointed on Saturday a committee to confer with the commanding general of the U. S. forces as to the surrender of the city, made known to the councils that General Wool had sent for them on Thursday, and inquired of them what was now the status of the city - whether the citizens now regarded themselves as of the United States or of the Confederacy, or as neutrals, or as a conquered people - and has suggested that perhaps some means might by devised by the councils by which an answer could be had.

Whereupon, on motion, it was unanimously.

Resolved, That the councils respectfully inform General Wool that they have no power or means by which to furnish a fair answer to his questions.

Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be sent to General Wool by the clerk.

Teste.

F. G. BROUGHTON, Jr.,

Clerk of the Councils.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORFOLK,Norfolrk, May 10, 1862.

W. W. LAMB, Esq.,

Mayor of Norfolk:

SIR: The troops which formerly defended this neighborhood having been removed elsewhere by order of the Government, I have not the means to defend the city, and have ordered all the forces off, and turn over the charge of the city to yourself and its civil officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

