
COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT,

Norfolk, May 10, 1862.

W. W. LAMB, Esq.,

Mayor:

SIR: I am directed by Major General B. Huger to hand over to you all the provisions in my possession for distribution to the poor and needy of our community, disciminatinng in favor of the families of our absent volunteers. With the press and hurry of the moment I cannot furnish you with an inventory of my stock, but I have several hundred barrels of flour at the tobbaco warehouse and also at the store of Odom &amp; Clements. At the store of W. D. Reynolds & Co. there is a large quantity of bacon, and in the building occupied by me you will find many articles of need for the needy. All is at your service, as I have indicated above, and I hope you will be able to carry out the wishes of our general.

Very respectfully,

W. H. SMITH,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[11.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Camp near Cold Harbor, Va., May 23, 1862.

In obedience to orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I hereby assume command of the Sixth Provisional Army Corps, consisting of the divisions of General H. W. Slocum and W. F. Smith. The following are hereby announced as the corps staff: Chief of staff and inspector-general, Captain Richard Arnold, Fifth U. S. Artillery; assistant adjutant-general, Captain E. Sparrow Purdy; quartermaster, Lieutenant C. W. Tolles, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry; ordnance officer, Lieutenant J. J. Hoff, First New Jersey Volunteer Artillery; chief engineer, Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Alexander, detached from staff of major-general commanding; aides-de-camp, Captain M. T. McMahon, detached from staff of major-general commanding, Lieutenant John P. Baker, First U. S. Cavalry, Lieutenant Joseph C. Jackson, First New Jersey Volunteers, Captain W. H. Philip.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Sixth Provisional Army Corps.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 23, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS:

GENERAL: The inclosed telegram* has just been received in response to an inquiry from me. I have asked General Geary whether he can, with or without re-enforcements, do anything to aid Banks. The Governor (General Wadsworth) has been directed to hold his forces in readiness to move on a short notice. I have also sent for Colonel McCallum to get transportation ready, so that if need be we can move a brigade in a single train to Fort Royal. The Secretary will be here in the morning. Have you any suggestion to make.

Yours, truly,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[12.]

---------------

*See Banks to Stanton (received 11 p. m.), VOL. XII, Part I, p. 525.

---------------

