
which event they are likely to move from there toward Winchester for the purpose of intercepting our forces. Please answer. It should be done to-night.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[12.]

STRASBURG, May 23, 1862-10.40 p. m.

Colonel D. S. MILES,

Commanding Railroad Brigade:

General Banks request you to send every man possible to-night to Winchester and order up from Winchester and vicinity to this place all that can be sent.

D. D. PERKINS,

Major and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Second House short of Bottom's Bridge, May 24, 1862-7 p. m.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: These headquarters moved to this place this morning. Hooker is just here and Kearny a mile back, the latter under orders to cross the river in the morning. I, this morning, overtook General Naglee just after he had opened fire with two batteries on the enemy, at a point on the main road from Williamsburg to Richmond, about four miles from the bridge. After about forty-five minutes' firing the enemy retreated and General Palmer is to occupy the ground thus gained over night. It is very near the cross-road leading to the New Bridge road. Finding Comstock had left I presumed I was to go on with the tete-de-pont and this p. m. re-examined the site. nothing was done to-day, General Keyes not having made a detail. To-morrow I shall use all the tools I can command in prosecuting the work. Coming to look for crossing between Long and Bottom's bridges has just returned. Captain Gary (Third Pennsylvania Cavalry), in command, half from the Bottom's Bridge road, the turn-off being one mile and a half above Long Bridge. The bridge is destroyed and the water five feet to six feet deep. As the approaches from both sides are good and the bottom apparently hard he thinks the ford would be easy at low water. He could not find Fisher's Crossing or any other. The inhabitants he inquired of knw of no other; nor could he find any turn-off from the road extending to the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. McALLESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL STONEMAN,Bivouac near Ellerson's Mill, Bell's Creek, May 24, 1862-5.30 a. m.

General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday afternoon General Stoneman's headquarters were moved. Lieutenant Farquhar and I were requested by him to guide the column along the road from Walnut

