
Swamp bridge. He can hold it against any force. After getting matters in progress at tete-de-pont I went forward this evening to White Oak Swamp bridge. The enemy has not disturbed it. There is now running in that creek one-fourth as much water as runs in the Chickahominy. It is quite a stream, now of course swollen. I respectfully call your attention to the fact that all the maps that come here from headquarters Army of the Potomac have the railroad laid down wrong. It is one-half mile from Bottom's Bridge and one mile from railroad at Keyes' position. I have shown it on sketch. I provide for guns at D and E. Shall get tete-de-pont well along to-morrow; will take next day to finish.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]

MANASSAS, May 26, 1862.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have arrived, and will proceed to Centerville immediately with two regiments of infantry and four pieces of artillery.

A. DURYEA,

Brigadier-General.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General GEARY:

The advanced guard to Shields' division has reached Catlett's.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

[12.]

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., May 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your request that I should give a report of operations connected with the reconstruction and opening of the military railroad between Fredericksburg and Aquia Creek, I beg leave to state that on Tuesday, April 22, I received your telegram at Boston requesting an immediate interview at Washington. I started on Wednesday; called upon you on Thursday; saw General McDowell at the headquarters of his division on Friday; learned from him the urgent necessities which required prompt action; returned on Saturday to Washington to make further arrangements with your Department; procured implements, instruments, and supplies, and on Tuesday morning, 29th ultimo, in company with Daniel Stone, esq., landed at Aquia Creek prepared to commence operations. The condition of the road was briefly as follows: The wharf at Aquia Creek, covering a surface of more than an acre, or about 50,000 superficial feet, with all the building connected therewith, had been destroyed by fire. For a distance of three miles the track had been torn up, the rails carried south out of each, the ties put in piles and burned. All the bridges were

