
April 2.-Weather cloudy during the day. General McD. all day at Washington. Major Whipple reported himself detached.

April 3.-This is a beautiful day. General McDowell staid in town all night. He telegraphed during the night to Colonel Schriver, Major Brown, and Lieutenant Cutting to meet him at Willard's Hotel at 10 o'clock this morning; also for all the division commanders to be there at the same time. General McDowell expected to go to Fort Monroe in the afternoon, but did not. Colonel Schriver arrived from town about 7.30 p. m. Orders were issued for Franklin's division to be thrown forward to Warrenton Junction or beyond to relieve General Sumner's corps. A change in the programme was made in Washington - a department to consist of the First Corps and Branks' corps. It was reported that General McClellan had 100,000 troops at Fortress Monroe; that they were very much cramped for room. Lieutenant Babbitt staid with us all night.

April 4.-Part of Franklin's division moved forward this morning. Orders were given General King to move with his division as far as Annandale to-day, and from there forward to Bristoe as soon as possible. The Engineer Brigade, of Franklin's division, went by railroad. General McDowell came from town about 6 p. m., also Captains Barstow, Sanderson, Major Brown, and Lieutenant Cutting. Doctor Magruder and Lieutenant Drouillard went to Washington. Doctor returned about 8 p. m. He reported that the Surgeon-General was sent to Boston, to Fort Monroe, or some other fort. The doctor's ambulances arrived about 5 p. m. Orders from the Secretary of War were received, forming a new department to be known as the Department of the Rappahannock, to be commanded by Major General Irvin McDowell; also returning to General McDowell's command Colonel Bayard's regiment of cavalry.

April 5.-During the fore part of the day it was quite rainy and disagreeable. General McDowell remained here until about 2 p. m., when he and Major Brown went to Washington. The general's new carriage arrived to-day with a four-horse team (dappled grays). Mr. Paine, with his men, arrived about 5.30 p. m. to make this their headquarters.

April 6.-A beautiful sunshiny day. Colonel Schriver went to Washington in the carriage this morning. Captain Sanderson, Lieutenants Whittemore, Cutting, and Drouillard went to Washington. Lieutenant Drouillard returned in the afternoon, also Colonel Schriver. Afterward Captain Breek went to Washington to remain over night. A telegram from General King was received from Bristoe, stating that there was no forage and no rations there except 128,000 pounds bacon. Three Englishmen came out to lunch, also Colonel Bayard.

April 7.-A snow-storm commenced about 1 p. m. and continued throughout the day. Captain Breck arrived from Washington about 4 p. m. Lieutenants Whittemore, Drouillard, and Cutting returned from Washington about 4 p. m. A telegraph from General Abercrombie stated he made a reconnaissance to the Rappahannock and discovered the enemy throwing up intrenchments and rifle-pits commanding the fords. General McDowell remained in Washington all day.

April 8.-The snow-storm of yesterday turned to rain this morning. One wagon was sent to Washington to get some things for the officers. General McDowell arrived from Washington about 12.30 p. m., and gave orders for McCall's division to move to Manassas to-morrow, infantry by rail and cavalry and artillery via Fairfax and Centerville; headquarters to be all ready to move also in the morning. General McDowell returned to Washington after stopping here an hour.

5 R R-VOL LI, PT I.

