
JUNE 1, 1862-8.30 a. m.

General MORELL:

I wish you to go down and see that the brigade posted for the protection of the bridge is properly posted; also the battery of artillery (Allen's). Keep a regiment along the river - sharpshooters perhaps will do - and as secretly as possible put everything else of the brigade under shelter and in supporting distance. You will not probably require the whole division down at the batteries, and it would be well to keep such brigade and regiments in camp as you can spare (say Lansing's brigade and other regiments) to get rest and food. I send your orderlies.

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]

FRONT ROYAL, June 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING,

En route to Front Royal:

General McDowell directs that you halt your last brigade at Piedmont till the arrival of your cavalry and artillery. The other brigades are to come forward by rail. Guard the railroad bridges, using convalescents for the purpose.

E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,New Bridge, June 2, 1862-7 p. m.

Major General J. A. DIX,

Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: Please visit Norfolk and Portsmouth. Examine for yourself the state of affairs there. Look over all orders given in regard to trade, police regulations, &amp;c. Report to me in detail the state of affairs with your own opinions on all points. After having made yourself fully master of the state of affairs it would perhaps be well, if convenient to you, that you should come to these headquarters that we may have a personal conference. It is not now possible for me to now come to you. I am very glad we are together again.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1862.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I inclose a letter addressed to you by General Woodbury which he desires me to forward. The letter he refers to was shown to me this morning by Colonel Alexander. No copy has been communicated to me, and I am not informed what is intention is, but in the very facts of the case, there can be no mistaking it. General Woodbury has considered the imputation which it conveys to be aimed immediately at him. Captain Duane, with an established site, abutments prepared and nothing to do but to put his pontoons in place, failed to accomplish anything the night of the 31st. I believe both his

