
the ground, also urged this delay. Orders are subject to conditions, and I ought not to have take this one literally. This is the only fault I can charge myself with in this whole matter. Captain Spaulding, Fiftieth Regiment New Your Volunteers succeeded in finishing his bridge about noon yesterday. One of the caps broke during the construction. Captain Brainerd, of the same regiment, had charge of the lower bridge. His men worked hard, but to no purpose. He had selected the exact site the night before with great judgment under then existing circumstances. But an island, on which he had counted as saving bridge material, was covered with two feet of water in the morning. Some delay ensued in changing the direction of the bridge, owing to the well-meant but unfortunate interference of officers of rank. Colonel Lansing, according to Captain Ketchum's report, delayed the work several hours. An accident happened in making the new bridge. A fresh start was made at 6 p. m. yesterday. Seven pontoons were obtained from Captain Duane, and the bridge was completed at 2 this morning. This brigade is over 300 feet long and has every appearance of being an excellent bridge. Numerous trees had to be cut along the route. The current was so strong that two men could barely pull a pontoon boat by a rope against the current. No faul can be found with the officers and the men of the Engineer Brigade. I have never seen officers work with more zeal or men work harder than they have during the past two days. Only by more familiarity with the drill could they have had more experience available for the recent emergency. I inclose copies of the reports of Captain Spaulding, Brainerd, and Ketchum. I will add that I have considered myself exclusively responsible for the approaches to our bridges, either on this side or the other.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,June 2, 1862-6,30 a. m.

General R. B. MARCY:

There are no indications thus far of the presence of the enemy, and from information which I received I am much inclided to believe that he has retreated.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Savage's, June 2, 1862-6 a. m.

General R. B. MARCY,

Headquarters:

An officer went out at daylight; has just returned. The enemy has fallen back from our front, where they were in strong force last evenign with artillery and infatry. They retreated on the Williamsburg road.

Our pickets are half a mile beyond Genearal Casey's old camp.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN.

[11.]

---------------

* See VOL. XI, Part I, pp. 149-151.

---------------

