HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,Savage's, June 2, 1862-9 a. m.

Colonel A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters:

The enemy appear to have fallen back. Yesterday afternoon we reoccupied the ground Casey's division was driven from the day before. We are now in possession of the rebel earth-works, a short distance in front of our old position. The half of General Hooker's division with me, I have pushed forward to support our reconnaissance out the Williamsburg stage road. I have also most all the cavalry I have availabel to aid him. at 7,30 a. m. I telegraphed to general headquarters that the enemy hd retired. Many of our wounded are still on the field of Saturday, now in our possession, and I am collecting them. I have this moment a note from General Sickles. He says that about midnight the enemy beat the long rolls; that from that time their camp was noisy, and he heard a commanding officer order a regiment into line. He frequently heard other regiments formed. At 3 a. m. the assembly was beat generally through their camps, and he distinctly heard the start of their artillery, other troops, and wagons, and could hear their various order as they proceeded to the rear, and their voices were lost in the distance. About an hour after heard firing as if the enemy had met with resistance in their march. Firing could be heard for an hour, when it died away in the distance.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT OF LINE,June 2, 1862-11,45 a. m.

General MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

General Hooker reports that he is two miles in advance of Casey's camp and about four miles from Richmond, with seven regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry (Gregg's Eighth Pennsylvania); the rebel pickets fell back as he advanced. He has seen no large body of the enemy. The roads are impassable for artillery. What order shall I give General Hooker for to-night? He is advancing with great caution.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near New Bridge, June 2, 1862.

Brigadier General P. ST. G. COOKE,

Commanding Regular Cavalry:

GENERAL: It is just reported to these headquarters that there is a rebel force on the opposite side of the Pamunkey, in King William County, which proposes to attempt the crossing of the river at Doctor Wormley's Ferry, at the Pipingtree, or at New Castle, to cut off our wagons and trains. The general commanding directs that you send a squardon of cavalry, armed with carbines, and two squadrons of Rush's Lancers, in that direction, to visit the three places, collect all possible Lancers, in that direction, to visit the three places, collect all possible information concerning this force, adn destroy all means of crossing that can be found, and to arrest Doctor Wormley and turn him over to

