
to occupy it or its immediate vicinity. I propose to have General Hooker's division, the portion that is in advance, occupy the fieds in front of the lines we occupied on Sunday. Our pickets, with a sufficient support, can remain in front of this line (Casey's). No troops, rebel or ours, can occupy the space of nearly a mile from Casey's portion toward the rear. The swamp in front, but in rear of our pickets, is filled with abandoned rebel wagons with provision. General Hooker is of the opinion that the enemy is out in force in our immediate front.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commaning.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 15. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 3, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. First Michigan Regiment, Colonel Robinson commnding, is assigned to Mrtindale's brigade. On its arrival the Berdan Sharpshooters will be relieved duty with the brigade, and Colonel Berdan will report for orders to the division commander.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

HAPPER'S FERRY, June 3, 1862-5 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A gentleman just from Winchester informs me that city occupied by a large force of our troops. He met General Sigel's advance within five miles of there. I sent up a company of Twelfth U. S. Infantry on a train of cars on the railroad to-day. He saw the train seventen miles from here. He only went to Winchester this morning. Staid there only an hour. Is very deaf. Heard nothing about a battle. Citizens all frightened. He got frightened and left. If authority is given relieving me of General Sigel's order, I could reoccupy the Winchester Railroad. One company of infantry I sent to-day to guard workmen at Opequon bridge.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[11.]

ENGINEER CAMP,

Near New Bridge, June 4, 1862.

General J. G. BARNARD:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following amount of work done yesterday under my direction: Somen alterations were made in the pontoon bridge on the site of New Bridge, some additionla potoons were placed in the pontoon bridge just above News Bridge, and a part of a causeway was laid, connecting the ends of this bridge the causeway is finished, it may be used for artillery in case the other bridge should be disabled.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DUANE,

Captain of Engineers.

