
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, June 4, 1862-10,40 p. m.

(Received 11,50 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have your dispatch regarding Harper's Ferry bridge. We have been aware of the danger, adn I sent you a dispatch embracing this information, which should have reached you two hours since. Our masters of road with a large force has been on duty at that point since the rise in the upper river indicated danger. Every possible effort is being made to save this important structure. All our bridges from Peidmont east are in peril, as the volume of water is almost unprecedent, but competent men are in charge at each bridge, making every practicable effort for their preservation.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,New Bridge, June 5, 1862-9,30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram received.* Will be glad to have the first five raw regiments ordered to Fort Monroe, where I send orders of their distribution. Shall be glad to have whatever you can give me. Nothing new this evening. Enemy still in strong force in front of my right.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: I got a force of 250 men at work this morning; found some tools thrown about here on the railroad, consigned to ne one, and had them sent up. Tools might be sent here to our quartersmaste, he to report arrival to me, or some other engineer officer, if sent to Fair Oaks. I was just writhing a request to General Sumner to furnish details for the position at the railroadwhen not came. I went to the left and front from Hooker's defences to-day, on a road terminating at a large clearing in that direction, with a view to reconnoiter that clering. I was not aware that our pickets had been withdrawn. I aroused four of five rebels just in the edge of the woods, who delivered a volley at 200 paces, shooting down my horse; I got to the rear on foot, crossing a swamp without harm. The opening will have to be reconnoitered from a point farther to the rear. I subsequently climbed a tree in the large wheat field extending off to the left and front of Hooker's. Immediately in front was a forest three-quarters of a mile across, then an opening extending on a mile or more and then pretty tall pine trees, over the tops of which I saw Richmond with great distinctness, and to the left of the pines, at a point about two miles down the James River. The pines shutout everything intervening between them and Richmond, which is on high ground. I consequently saw nothing of the

---------------

* See 8,30 p. m., VOL. XI, Part I, p. 46.

---------------

