
enemy's force or works. In the open space mentioned were horsemen riding about. I saw no infantry at all, which is doubtless in the woods. Will telegraph to General Marcy and write you at 8 a. m.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. D. McLESTER,

Captain of Engineers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1862.

Major General J. A. DIX,

Fort Monroe:

The commanding-general directs that three of the four regiments now stationed at Norfolk and Portsmouth be ordered to join at these headquarters via the White House with all possible dispatch. These regiments will be replaced by five new regiments, which the general is advised byt the Secretary of War will be sent forthwith to Fort Monroe, one leaving Baltimore to-morrow. Of these new regiments, the general desires that one shall take post at Fort Monroe or Camp Hamilton, and four at Suffolk, thus affording garrison independent of cavalry and artillery as follows: Two regiments at Fort Monroe, one regiment at Norfolk and Portsmouth, and six regiments at Suffolk. General Van Vliet will be instructed to provide the necessary transportation. Please report as soon as practicable the regiments selected by you come here, with the names of their commanders.

S. WILLIAMS,

[11.]

CUMBERLAND, June 5, 1862.

(Received 8,45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The bridges are all safe west of this place, both on the main stem and Parkersburg branch, and the road in good order. The high water yesterday carried out the trestling of the bridges at Big and Little Cacapon, and three spans of the bridge atHarper's Ferry. Little Cacapon is nearly repared, and Big Cacapon will be ready in twenty-four hours, Trains will then be run as far east as Martinsburg.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

[12.]

HARPER'S FERRY, June 5, 1862.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding General, Winchester:

GENERAL: Your note received; telegraph dispatch sent over to office. The flood has damaged us gratly, swept the bridge entirely off, expect the west span, flooded our store-houses, arsenal on the island, and stables. Lost no property as yet. The bridges on the Winchester railroad have also gone, but easily repaired. In three or four days this road will be in working order. I have applied for, adn which ought to be here to-night, a steam tug, which will answer our purpose to pass stores over the river. The bridge at Opequon is damaged; a few hours' work will enable cars to run near to Martinsburg. Best's new battery is now at that place, and to-morrow morning 10,000

