
April 9.-Still raining and very cold. General telegraphed from Washington to be ready to move at 11 o'clock. He arrived about the same time the telegraph was received. Commenced loading about 11 a. m. The train started for Fairfax about 3 p. m. One wagon upset near the seminary, with Hoagland in. Another wagon, carrying the provisions and two French cooks, upset near Little River turnpike. No one hurt. The last wagon upset again on the Little River turnpike. A terrible snow-storm prevailed the entire march. Arrived at Fairfax about 8 p. m. and stopped at the ladies' seminary. The general and Colonel Schriver stopped at Mrs. Ford's.

April 10.-We packed up again this morning as soon as all had breakfast and commenced the march about 9 a. m. It cleared away about 11 a. m., when it commenced thawing very fast. The roads were very fair until after passing Centerville, when we had very bad and rough roads, a considerable of them corduroy style. Reached Manassas about 3.30 p. m. We kept on, intending to make Bristoe, but found the river at Broad Run too deep to cross. Encamped for the night near General Franklin's headquarters on a Mr. Leachman's farm. Platt's and Hexamer's batteries also encamped near the ford. Heard that General McClellan had commenced operations on Yorktown with his artillery.

April 11.-This morning after breakfast pulled up stakes, about 9 a. m., and started for Catlett's Station. Had no difficulty in crossing Milford Ford this morning, water being just up to the bottom of the wagon bodies. After arriving at Catlett's Station, heard that Franklin's division had been ordered back to Alexandria to go down the Potomac. News of the battle and victory at Corinth, Miss., was received to-day. The road most of the march to-day was very heavy. Forded streams some three or four times. Encamped for the night about half a mile west of Catlett's Station on Mr. Quezenberry's farm, a beautiful location, which we arrived at about 5 p. m. At 3.15 p. m. a telegraph from the War Department was received, ordering General Franklin's division back to Alexandria, to embark and go down the river to join General McClellan's command. The newspapers received this morning stated that General McClellan had taken Yorktown. Kearny's brigade started back at 5 p. m. on foot, Slocum's during the night on the cars; Newton's on the way up was turned back before it reached Catlett's Station. Doctor Shuman, having refused to give us quarters, was ordered to give up his house for a hospital.

April 12.-Last night Doctor Magruder's horse, with two horses of the ambulance wagon, broke loose and were not to be found this morning. After taking breakfast, loaded up again and started for the other side of the railroad, about 10 a. m. Arrived, after considerable delay at the coming round, about 12 m. Pitched tents and put up the office in a house adjoining Mr. Marks'. Major Ray, of Colonel Bayard's regiment, came and reported that last night 500 of the enemy's cavalry in Warrenton were picketed four miles this side of Warrenton on the road by Saint Stephen's Church. They did not go to Warrenton, but saw it. They brought in the negro George Smith, who gave some information. The Nineteenth Indiana and Second Wisconsin came up to day to guard the road. Colonel Bayard is camped opposite us near the Cedar Run Creek. The general and staff went to Warrenton Junction and saw General Abercrombie. Cedar Run is fordable, but the bottom is bad and rocky. Wagons cross, however, in several places.

