
rations will be sent up for Crawford's brigade. We have plenty of subsistence here; can spare you 50,000 or 60,000 rations. When the roads are sufficient in order for the cars, they ought and must be guarded, practicularly the Winchester road, or it will be torn up. This will require a regiment, and a good one. Had I a choice in the matter I should place on it the Sixtienth New Your, headquarters at Charlestown. The principal citizens of that town called on me to-day, and earlestly request I would station a force there as soon as possible, as they were being robbed by the stragglers of both armies, there being many of Jackson's army still hanging round, desertes. The river is running so rapid we are unable to get our mail across; so soon as we do yours will be sent to you. I understand it is the intention of the Secretary of War to immediately orgainize the Railroad Brigade. I have been consulted as to position, numbers, &amp;c. I have recommended that a regiment of infantry, having its headquarters at Martinsburg, should occupy the road from Duffield's to North Mountain; a full regiment at this plce and Hlltown; a regiment from Charlestown to Winchester, with the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania where it si from Back River to South Branch, and eight companies of cavalry scattered along from Bath to Charlestown. This provides for future contingency. Had this force been here at the time you feel back from Strasburg, you might not have been obliged to evacuate Winchester. I also stated it is worse than useles to put raw and undisciplined troops on the railroad. It requires the best, for not being situated to have battalion drills they soon become demoralized, if not discoplined before being brought on that duty. For a week there was hard work here to keep Jackson out and save it. During the siege may desertion took place; in some instances officers. Captain Gallett, with 18 men and 20 horses, was captured at Frederick; the other, Lieutenant Brisol, got as far as Washington. They have been brought to the notice of the President, with the recommendation of General Saxton that he would drop them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

(Colonel Second Infantry, Commanding.

[12.]

McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 6, 1862-5 p. m. (Received 6,20 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

Up to last night we had not correct lists of casualties. A change of 700, for instance, was made in a few hours in the report one division. I hope to give you the full information substantially correct in a coupe of hours or less.* The messages you allude to ought not to have gone over the wires. Much obliged for your messages of 2 p. m.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commadning.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Courtney's, June 6, 1862.

[General MARCY,

Chief of Staff:]

No movement to-day. I am prepared to support General Smith in whatever the commanding general directs him to do. There are fifty

---------------

* See dispatch of 10 p. m., VOL. XI, Part I, p. 754.

---------------

