HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near New Bridge, June 8, 1862-6 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing of special interes to-day, except that it has passed without rain. I am glad to inform you that I have the best possible authority for stating that our wounded and prisoners in the hands of the enemy are as well treated as their means permit. The clothing sent some time since via Fort Monroe was carefully issued to our men. There is suffering among them for hospital stores. I will endeavor to obtain authority to supply our men in their hands. If not objectionable, I think I can arrange a cartel without committing the Government. You will remember what was said about the subject in Washington.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[11.]

HEADQUARTERES THIRD CORPS,

June 8, 1862-7,45 p. m.

General J. G. BARNARD:

The detail ordered from General Hooker for 8 a. m. did not report till 11. Your telegram just received. I to-day got all the information that to be obtained from the reconnaissances of yesterday concerning the left of this position and also from General Peck, who occupied that ground before the battle, and does now in part. The supposed great clearing indicated on the maps and by information here before, is a mistake. There are several small detached clearings. The swamp in front of Hooker connects with White Oak Swamp. The swamp throught these swamps to the left and front were all to-day obstructed. Peck to-day connects his pickets with those of Casey along White Oak Swamp. I could not see General Hooker to-day, but undersood he had a reconnaissance looking to the better posting of his pickets. Will ascertain his decision to-night and let you know. General Heintzelman says he now feels perfectly secure as to the safety of his left flank. Progress in field-works slow, in consequence of daily alarms.

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 8, 1862.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Fortees Monroe:

The commanding general designed, in his dispatch of June 5, to give you five new regiments in lieu of the three older regiments draw from you. This because he did not want to reduce your effective force too much. Can you spare Colonel Fardella's regiment? If so, the general would be very glad to have it. Every man that can be spared elsewhere indeed in needed here just now. Please answer.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

