
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 8, 1862-11,11 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

One regiment has been ordered from Columbus, Ohio, to Cumberland immediately. I will endeavor to send you one from Baltimore with some artillery to-day or to-morrow. Your order to Shearer is approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War

[12.]

HARPER'S FERRY, June 8, 1862.

(Received 4,30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A Miss Anna Taylor, of Berryville, called a short time since on businees. In the course of conversation she informed me that Generals Longstreet and E. Kirgy Smith, with their division, had formed a junction with Jackson at Strasburg, and it was intention of Jackson to advance on our troops in the Valley of the Shenandoah immediately; that a sharp engagement took place yesterday below Front Royal, and that our troops had to fall back.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS RAILROAD BRIGDE,

June 8, [1862.]

Major R. M. COPELAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Shenandoah Department, Winchester:

MAJOR: I respectfully report that on Friday night the Secretary of War ordered the sailors and marines, with the launch battery and ammunition, to Washington. There is left here in battery on Maryland Heights two 9-inch Dahlgrens or 50-pounder rifle and steel 100-pounder with ammunition. This batter is in charge of the Eighth New Yourk Cavalry. I regret to report this regiment is in a disorganized and mutinous condition and cannot be relieved on, being dissatisfied at not being mounted and being armed as infantry (at present). I respectfully state again the condition of my command at this place is very unsatisfactory; companies made up from regiments, too, without officers, is seems impossible to know who belongs to my forces or who are stragglers. I applied to General Sigel to let me have the First District Regiments as a garrison, and to order the odds and ends of regiments to the front. This will increase his command and add to discipline. I have just received his reply, dated yesterday, ehich intimates that the First District will not be ordered back, and if I want re-enforcements to apply to Washington. The road is repaired, and cars are running to Martinsburg. Workmen will commence to-morrow on the Winchester road, and will rapidly repair it to reach Winchester, but these roads must be guarded or else the tracks will be tron up. I have no troops here I could send anywhere or for any reliable purpose. Martinsburg, this place, Charlestown, Cameron, Summit Point, and Wadesville must be garrisoned or your army will have to fall back by having your communications interrupted. The Tenth Maine is now at

