
Martinsburg and in position, the majoryty of the regiment, and is desirous of joining the Railroad Brigade. I want the First Regiment here, and the Fortieth New York at Charlestown and on to Wadesville. This arrangement has been proposed to the Secretary of War, and, so far as I could learn through the officers of the railroad, meets with his approbation. Whether the Secretary acts upon it or not, the major-general commanding should protect his rear. The citizens of Charlestown and Summit Point are urging me to occupy those places, to keep of marauders of both armies. It is reported there are near Berryville about 150 cavalry stargglers and deserters from the rebel army. I sent, yesterday, Cole's cavalry to hunt them up; he has not yet returned.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Courtney's, June 9, 1862.

General MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

I have been round the lines this morning. The men look well, cherful, and ready. It is rumored that the enemy is massing troops in our front. I do not know whether it is reliable. I should be glad if the commanding general could come over to-day, to let me know exactly his wishes under circumstances that may arise.

E. V. SUMNER,

Briadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Courthey's, June 9, 1862-5 p. m.

General MARCY:

They are shelling our troops. What does the general wish done?

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 9, 1862-7,20 o'clock.

General J. G. BARNARD:

The redoubt at Golding's is nearly finished, two embrasures remaining to be cut. The slashing would have been completed, if it had not been interrrupted by the artillery firing of the enemy this eveing. This seems to have begun on a party making a road for artillery into Garnett's clearing and it afterward swept all along that part of our picketline from Smith's camp to the Nine-mile road. An hour's work will now make three good artillery roads, besides the Nine-mile road, into Garnett's clearing.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]

