HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 10, 1862.

Brigadier General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Third Corps:

Since the battles of the 31st of May and June 1 there have been assigned to your corps five regiments, to wit: To General Kearny's division-the First New York, the Twentieth Indiana, and the One hundere and first New Yourk; the latter arrived at White House this morning. To General Hooker's division have been assigned the Second New Yourk and the Sixteenth Massachusetts Regiments; the latter was to have left Old Point this morning for White House. With regard to the First Michigan Regiment it has already been assigned to Martindale's brigade, but an answer will be given in the morning as to whether or not it can be transferred to Hooker's division.

S. WILLIAMS,

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, June 10, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have to report that on Saturday, the 31st ultimo, in accordance with your instructions, I visited Sumner's upper bridge, gave the benefit of my experience to Major Richardson, who commanded the working party there, as to the best method of securing and improving the bridge, and afterward examined the right bank of the river from this bridge to the woods between Doctor Trent's and Mr. Golding's, with the view of ascertaining if there was a ford in that vicinity. The examination convinced me that there was no ford; certainly none in the then swollen stage of the river. As I returned I met the head of General Sumner's corps passing the bridge to take part in the battle the going on near Fair Oaks. The working party had been recalled, and I watched the bridge with great anxiety until one brigade and a battery of artillery had passed it in safety. Saturday night I was engaged with a party of 300 men in building several small bringes over the ditches in the fields between us and the Chickahominy to enable our artillery to take up the specified positions in order to cover a passage of the river in case one should become necessary on the following morning. Sunday, the 1st, I was engaged in collecting materials and curduroying the approaches to the upper and lower trestle bridges. During the day a serious in the causeway on this side of New Bridge. Monday, June 2, I replaired this breach and continued the corduroying during the day and night on the other side of the upper and lower trestle bridges. Tuesday, June 3, I continued the work of making the approaches on the other side to these bridges and began the approaches to connect the new pontoon bridge just above the site of the New Bridge with the causeway leading to and from, the pontoon bridge at New Bridge, so as to have the bridges for artillery at this point. Wednesday, June 4, we continued the work in making the approaches to all the bridges, Lieutenant Reese taking charge of the work at New Bridge, Lieutenant Cross at the lower bridge, and Lieutenant Babcock at the upper bridge. Thursday, June 5, Friday, June 6, Saturday, June 7, Sunday, June 8, and Monday, June 9, the work continued in charge of these officers, with 500 men at the upper

