
and 500 at the lower bridge, at 250 at New Bridge, with ten teams at Woodbury, with a view of selecting a site of a more permanent bridge at some point, so that the approach on the other side should be within our lines. After a thorough examination we agreed that the most favorable place for a bridge was at a point some 200 or 300 yards above Sumner's upper bridge. Saturday night it was resolved that this bridge should be built, and the necessary orders were given. General Woodbury, with detachment of the fifteenth and Fiftieth [New Yourk] Regiments, is to build the bridge proper, and I am to take charge of the approaches. Sunday, the 8th, I put the Ninth Massachusetts Regiment in camp on this side of the proposed birdge, collected the necessary tools, and gave instructions for beginning the work on the following morning. I also put the Third Vermont Regiment into position near Doctor Trent's house on the other side of the river and gave them instructions how t proceed with their work. Monday, June 9, I put both regiments to work, and they had made very good progress whem I left them there last evening. To-day I have not visided them, but presume that they are doing as well as the very unfavorable state of the weather and roads will permit.

Respectfully submitted.

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Camp on James River, Va., June 10, 1862.

Captain ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding cavalry division the return of seven companies of this brigade which have been during the day on the road to Haxall's. The party advanced to within a short distance of Haxall's, where they found the enemy in considerable force. Two prisoners were taken, one of them a lieutenant, the other a sergeant, of Pate's battalion of Virginia cavalry. The officer in command of my party believes the enemy to be in force beyond and near Haxall's.

I am, &amp;c.,

D. McM. GREGG,

Colonel Eight Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Second Brigade.

[11.]

FRONT ROYAL, June 10, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Washington:

I have your telegram about movement of Indiana cavalry.* Shall give the instructions. The telegram for General Banks has been sent to him by special messenger.# Captain Barstow and I will leave to-morrow at 11 o'clock for Manassas, as I cannot carry on operations away from the rest of the staff records, and also the duties of the whole staff,

---------------

* See first dispatch, VOL. XII, Part III, p. 367.

---------------

# See 3,40 p. m., VOL. XII, Part III, p. 368.

