HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 11, 1862-8 p. m.

General J. G. BARNARD:

This afternoon I saw rifle-pit from the front of Smith's pickets, but could not see any part of it near Old Tavern. Smith will put 500 men on approach to Dunae's new bridge to-morrow morning. Signal officer report two brigades moving toward Old Taven from the right to-night.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]

FORT MONROE, June 11, 1862.

(Received 3,30 o'clock.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I leave for Washington, and will be at your office early to-morrow morning.

E. A. BURNSIDE.

[9 and 11.]

FRONT ROYAL, June 11, 1862.

(Received 2,25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Permit me most respectfully but earnestly to request to be transferred from the Department of the Rappahannock, or to be relieved from my command. I have done and will do my whole duty faithfully; but I am completely robbed of confidence, elasticity, and hope. My command is dispirited and dejected. A few days ago I got from General McDowell permission to go to Strasburg, where we could hear firing. My men had been several days without meat, living on hard bread and coffee, and had that morning just received and were cooking some beef. In fifteen minutes from the time the order was given they were marching with light hearts and empty believes, having left their half-cooked meat without a murmur or thought. After marching a few hours in the broiling sun an order came to halt, encamp, adn await further orders. Two days afterward we came back with heavy hearts and steps. This is only a pecimen disappointment. There seems an incubus upon the spirits of all. Do, for God's sake, give me something to do, and away form his command, where we only march up the hill and then march down again. I repeat, I will do my whole duty most faithfully and conscientiously wherever I am placed or left. Let me suggest a transfer to General Banks, since we are here.

Hoping to hear from you, with the respect and esteem, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,New Bridge, June 12, 1862-8 a. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Another good day. All quiet this morning. I move headquarters to-day across the river.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[11.]

43 R R-VOL LI, PT I

