
are wanted to serve as such. I have always advised to put 12-pounders in the redoubts, but the batteries relieve each other, thus giving only light, rifled pieces in them, often. It is a question whether commanders of light batteries would always fight their guns in a redoubt to the last moment, having their horses harnessed ready to send them away.

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1862.

General F. J. PORTER:

The commanding general desires that you use your discertion as to the hour Franklin shall commence his movement. The general, however, this it important Franklin should come on as soon as practicable, and he wishes you to hold your own command in readiness to move at very short notice. General McCall has been instructed to march at daylight.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 17, 1862.

General MORELL:

The commanding general directs me to inform you that General McClellan sends the following:

The troops will be held in readiness to move at very short notice. They will carry two or three days' rations in their haversacks, as the order to march will be a sudden one. The troops will go in light marching order.

The commanding general directs that you send in the morning a report of your loss in the raid of the 13th instant.

FRED. T. LOCKE.

[11.]

General MORELL:

The commanding general directs that you send a brigade to-night to Mechanicsville in time to relieve the brigade now there before daylight. The pickets that are now out can be exchanged after daylight. The commanding general desires to know whether your men are furnished with the proper rations of beans, rice, deisccated vegatables, &amp;c. If they are not, he desires you to inform him. You will please answer this to-night.

Very respectfully, &c.,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The brigade must move in time to make up its position at Mechanicsville, so that the enemy will not be able to see the movements. You will send the command as soon as possible, in light marching order. The material required can follow after daylight.

F. T. L.

[11.]

