
wagons did not get up during the night, except four; the rest stuck in the mud. Miss Delaplaine came up with a gentleman and talked a good deal about her troubles at Richland Mills; staid an hour and talked like a steam engine.

April 16.-General McDowell, also Captain Myers and Lieutenant Cutting, arrived from Washington about 3 p. m. Stragglers from General Augur's brigade were arriving during the morning. General Patrick's brigade came up from Bristoe this afternoon about 4 o'clock and went into camp about two miles west of these headquarters, near Mr. Quezenberry's. General King's headquarters came up this afternoon from Bristoe and were established at Mr. Quezenberry's. Orders were received for General Augur's brigade to march in the morning toward Fredericksburg with a battery of artillery (Captain Gibbon's) and one section of Captain Gerrish's. They take three days' cooked rations in haversacks and three days' hard bread in wagons, and beef on hoof. Taber went into down with the mail. The guard stole Lieutenant D[rouillard]'s demijohn of whisky. The original plan was altered and General Augur waits until to-morrow, when he will be fully prepared. Doctor Rauch, General Augur, and Captain Woodruff staid with us during the night; Mr. Cutting staid with the Herald correspondent. The bridge over Cedar Run was finished, except laying down the rails. The Second Wisconsin guarded the railroad from Bristoe up.

April 17.-General Augur's brigade, with sixteen companies of Davies' and Bayard's cavalry, also Gibbon's battery, and one section of Gerrish's battery, started for Fredericksburg this morning about 7 o'clock. Orders were given a wagon bridge to be completed over Cedar Run, commenced by General Kearny, also for a fatigue party to be at the depot each day to report to Mr. Merrill. Word was sent to General Abercrombie this morning about the movement of General Augur. Orders were sent to General Augur to attack the enemy wherever he found him, and try and save the bridges crossing the Rappahannock and to keep the men from marauding and straggling. General McDowell went to Washington this morning; Lieutenant Wadsworth and Lieutenant Houston went with him. Lieutenant Drouillard accompanied General Augur, also Mr. Paine. The ballon for this department arrived this morning - La Mountain's Atlantic. Part of the staff were present at a very pleasant concert this evening at General King's. Everything was sung except "The Arkansas Traveler."

April 18.-General Patrick's brigade moved forward toward Fredericksburg this morning. The day was very warm and toward sundown a heavy shower passed around to the south. During the morning cannonading was heard in the direction of Warrenton for some time. In the morning, it being so warm, the officers all took a nap and left the office quite vacant. Captain Scheetz came in about 7 p. m. and reported that General McCall's division came up and were in camp about half a mile off, and that the headquarters of the division were on the right-hand side of the railroad, about half a mile from Catlett's Station. Captain Sanderson got seventy-five loaves of bread for the staff, and Captain Barstow a barrel of lager. The Eleventh Pennsylvania, as soon as it reported to General McCall, was detailed as a guard of the Manassas Gap Railroad. It reported to him to-day. Captain Sanderson went to Mr. Green's house and had buttermilk and sherry for entertainment. Nothing heard yet from Augur. General Abercrombie made a reconnaissance in force to the river to-day. Presume the firing heard was his command engaging the enemy.

