SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 18, 1862.

Taylor's brigade and Porter's (Massachusetts) battery at Mechanicsville will be relieved at daybreak to-morrow by two regiment and a battery from McCall's division, when General Taylor will proceed at till the wagons return for it. He will march his brigade by the Mechanicsville and Cold Harbor road, and keep his command out of sight of the enemy.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

F. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 18, 1862-10,50 p. m.

General W. B. FRANKLIN:

General Smith reports at 9.50 p. m. that the woods near Garnett's house are filled with rebels and that he has to strengthen his guards. I have directed him to have his command under arms before daylight to be ready to repel an attack. Please have your entire command under arms in readiness at that time, and take the command in case of attack.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: This note was sent to me to read and forward to you. I will comply with the order.

H. W. S[SOCUM].

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp at Adam's, June 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In compliance with your order dated yesterday I forwarded the reports of the division commanders in relation to the officers who have destinguished themselves in this campaign. I wound recommend Lieutenants Kirby, Woodruff, and French for brevets, and I would submit the question to the commanding general whether my staff officers who were zealous, able, and willing in the discharge of their duties at the battles of Williamsburg and the two battles of Fair Oaks may not be considered as entitled to a brevet. They are: Captain J. H. Taylor, Captain F. N. Clarke, First Lieutenant Lawrence Kip, First Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, Second Lieutenant S. S. Sumner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

P. S.-I would also respectfully recommend for brevets Captain Charles S. Stewart and Lieutenant F. U. Farquhar, of the Engineers, for efficient and valuable services during the siege of Yorktown and the battle of Williamsburg.

E. V. S.

[11.]

