HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,June 19, 1862.

General BARNARD:

I looked at General Casey's position with Lieutenant Farquhar. No fortifications are necessary, except a rifle-pit at the bridge and a plentiful provision of abatis up and down the swamp, with roads for infantry in rear. There were no tools to-day. Lieutenant F [arquhar] will set fatigue parties to work in the morning. Your telegram in reference to armaments received. It is to be regretted that more guns cannot be supplied.

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK, Numbers 144. Manassas, Va., June 19, 1862.

I. Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the division which he has temporarily commander since the departure of Major-General Ord.

II. Brigadier General Zealous B. Tower, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the brigade of Rickett; s division recently commanded by General Ricketts.

III. Bayard's cavalry brigade, temporarily attached to Ricketts' division, is detached, and until further orders will report direct to these headquarters.

IV. The error of designating the army now serving in the Department of the Rappahannock as the First Amry Corps being frequently made, occasion is taken to allude to the practice, and to direct that it be discontinued.

V. Cavalry and artillery, except when temporarily attached to brigades not serving in division, belong to divisions, and are to report direct to division headquarters.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[12.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE RAPPAHANNOCK,

Manassas, Va., June 19, 1862.

The following explanation of a system of flags now in use in this department is published for the information of all concerned: General headquarters, national flag; First Division, red flag, six feet long and five feet wide; Second Division, blue flag, six feet long and five feet wide; Third Division, vertical red and blue flag, six feet long and five feet wide; Fourth Division, horizontal red and blue flag, six feet long and five feet wide; First Brigade of First Division, red and white flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; Second Brigade of First Division, white, red, and white flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; Third Brigade of First Division, red, white and red flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; First Brigade of Second Division, blue and white flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; Second Brigade of Second Division, white, blue, and white flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; Third Brigade of Second Division, blue, white, and blue flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; First Brigade of Third Division, red, white, and blue flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; Second Brigade of Third Division, red, blue, and white flag, six feet long and five

