
wide, vertical; Third Brigade of Third Division, white, red, and blue flag, six feet long and five wide, vertical; First Brigade of Fourth Division, red white, and blue flag, six feet long and five wide, horizontal; Second Brigade of Forurth Division, red, blue, and white flag, six feet long and five wide, horizontal; Third Brigade of Fourth Division white, red, and blue flag, six feet long and five wide, horizonta. The different regiments of the brigades will be designated by Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, on the flag of the brigade to which they belong, white numbers on colored bars and colored numbers on white bars. The artillery will have the colors of the division to which it belongs, and be distinguished by a right-angled triangular, flag, six feet long and three feet wide at the staff. The cavalry have the same as above, except that the shape will be swallow-tailed. The engineers will have a white disk of diamater equal to one-third of its width on the flag of the division to which it belongs. The hospitals will be distinguished by a yellow flag. The subsistence depots will be designated by a reen flag. These flags will be attached to a portable staff forutheen feet long, in two joints, and will be habitualy displayed in front of the tent or from some prominent part of the house or vessel occupied as the headquarters which they designate, and on the march shall be carried near the person of the officer commanding the corps, division, brigade, or regiment it is inmediate measures to supply the flag upon requisition approved by division commanders.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

SAML. BRECK,

Assistatnt Adjutant-General.

[12.]

SECOND CORPS, June 20, 1862.

General J. G. BARNARD:

I cannot see any change in the work behind Garnett's house, nor any one at work on it to-day. A wooded raivne makes up behind Garnett's, and behind this shelters of a company can be seen in the ravine. There is probably a stronger force concealed here, and their noise may have given rise to the idea of work being done there. The rebels are still at work whese we saw them on the railroad a mile and a quarter in advance of Fair Oaks, just at the left of the railroad. I think this musth be the zigzag which I saw at the right of the line of rifle-pits when on Hooker's front the other day. From near this work the enemy shelled our camp this afternoon by putting a few pieces at the pine tree on the railroad and sending a man up the tree. This work can easily be shelled at any time, adn by firing a little to the south we cartainly should hit their camps. If this were done every time they shelled us they would probably soone cease ti, and it ought to be done at any rate. Enemy are still at work at Old Tavern chimney, and I saw one gun inside the work to-day.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 20, 1862.

General MORELL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send a detail of 300 men under a field officer for fatigue duty to report at 9 o'clock

