
to-morrow morning at Doctor Gaines' house. They will take with them 250 shovers, 50 picks, and their dinners. They will go without arms. Direct the commanding officer to keep his men out of sight of the enemy. No guns to be exhibited on Gaines' Hill to-morrow. Direct General Butterfield to move his camp early to-morow morning out of reach of fire. He can go down in the direction of Watts' house (see map sent herewith). If necessary you will post sentinels on the new road to keep men and wagons away and outh of sight. Batteries are to be put to-morrow which draw the fire all around them. The commanding general directs you have a party of 400 men ready for duty to-morrow night. As General Martindale's brigade is near these headquarters, foot orderlies can be detailed from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Val., June 20, 1862.

Colonel FARNSWORTH,

Commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you report in person to Brigadier-General Reynolds, commanding at Mechanicsville. Your command will be continued on the same duty as herefore, to wit, picket and scout duty, and in the sme locality. You will receive the orders of General McCall and the commanding general through General Reynolds and obey the orders of your immediate commander, General Reynolds, who has charge of that line. You are desires to see him and give him such information of the country as you can, and where and how your command is posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Qartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

Please send to Rodgers any information you can get about the Swift Creek brigade, three north of Peterburg, on the railroad. Answer to the care of Major-General Dix. I shall be back to-morrow noon.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

[11.]

BALTIMORE, June 20, 1862.

(Received 7,30 p. m.)

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary or War:

At 4 this p. m. we passed engines over the rebuilt burnt bridges on the Winchester and Potomac Railroad. The road is now open form Harper's Ferry to Winchester. We shall commence moving at 5 a. m. to-morrow the commissary stores accumulated at Harper's Ferry and destined for Winchester.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

President

[12.]

