
strong suspicion of disloyal is attached and who are likely to give information to the enemy or who may have been so engaged or whose spririt of dissatisfaction to our Government and army and Government, will be arrested and the fact reported to these headquarters. Commanding officers of division and brigades will see that in all such arrests a sound discretion is exercised int the arrest and retention of such parties. A careful supervision of all persons living in this vicinity or within the limits of the army is absolutely necessary to protect us from forays or perhaps disaster.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp Lincoln, June 21, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer of the Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have to report the work upon which I have been engaged during the last two weeks. On Saturday, the 7th instant, in compliance with your instructions, I proceed in company with General Woodbury to a throrough examination of the Chiskahominy from the upper foot bridge to Sumner's upper bridge with the idea of selecting the best location for a more permanent bridge than we had yet built over the river. After our examination, General Woodbury and myself agreed upon two good locations for bridges. First, at a point 300 or 400 yards above Sumner's upper bridge and nearly opposite the Trent house; second, at some point between the two foot bridges and nearly opposite the Golding house. After some discussion as to the merits of each location we decided to recommend the first, or lower point, and this point was at once adopted by the general-in-chief. General Woodbury, with the Fifteenth and Fiftieth Regiments, was to build the bridge over the steam, and I, with a regiment at each end, was to build the approaches. Sunday, the 8the, I devoted to getting the Third Vermont and the Ninth Massachusetts into convenient camps, collecting the necessary tools, and to locating the aproaches. Monday, the 9th, and until Monday, the 16th, I devoted my attention almost exclusively to building the approaches to this bridge. During this time, however, I located and superintended the building of a road on the other (left) bank of the steam, leading from Doctor Gaines; house to the approache of the bridge. Tuesday, the 17th, I inspected the work, and had the wagons, tools, &amp;c., taken care of. Wednesday, the 18th, General Franklin moved his headquarters to this side of the river. Thursday, the 19th, and Friday, the 20th, I have been busy bulding bridges and cutting out roads between our right (General Franklin's position) and the advanced position of our picket in the direction of Doctor Garnett's. These communications are now nearly finished. They ought to be completed to-day. I beg leave to call your attention to the great deficiency oif axes in the army. If appears that every soldier who can get possession of an ax will keep it if possible. It is a convenient article to have about his tent. When he marches, he will leave it if necessary, and only upon his changes of getting another the first time he is detailed upon a working party or comes in contact with a depot of intrenching tools. Orders may be issued with the idea of correcting this evil, but from what I have seen of this army, both around

