
April 19.-A report was received from General Augur, stating that he found the enemy about eighteen miles from here, and was defeated in capturing their pickets by a little girl giving the alarm to them by signaling. Reports he sent the Harris Cavalry and one battalion of Bayard's regiment to capture a party of the enemy's cavalry, and in the skirmish Colonel Kilpatrick was wounded in the knee. Lieutenant three prisoners, when, it being quite dark, halted to rest for some hours. He also learned that the bridges were prepared for burning some days ago, and on his arrival in Falmouth they were on fire. Saw no large force of the enemy. Also reports that the scout Britton was wounded in the leg. Captain Musser reported for duty as commissary at the depot. The following is a list of the killed and wounded in the Harris and Bayard's cavalry, while advancing on Fredericksburg; Company M, Bayard's, 3 killed and 7 wounded; Lieutenant Leaf slightly injured; Company F, 1 wounded. Harris Cavalry had 4 killed and 7 wounded. Total killed, 7; total wounded, 14.

April 19.-General McDowell at Aquia Creek to-day; heard nothing from him. General Abercrombie sent in an incomplete report of a scout he made last night down to the Rappahannock, and an unsuccessful attempt was made to capture two ladies named Drummond. A guard of two men from Colonel Bayard's cavalry was sent to protect them, at the request of a Mr. Green and two other gentlemen who came down to headquarters to see about it. Pearcy, the orderly, came home about 7 o'clock this morning. He went down to Falmouth and saw the bridges on fire. Captain F. Haven arrived this morning and reported for duty as aide. Captain Musser, commissary of subsistence for depot, reported for duty.

April 20.-A rainy day. A contraband came in who belonged to a man named Combs, who reported that Combs went to Fredericksburg on Wednesday and reported that our troops were coming and to tell them to burn the bridges. His brother, David Combs, was taken prisoner April 14, and sent to Washington. Both clam to be Union, but the contraband says they were strong secesh before the Union troops came. Colonel Campbell's regiment of cavalry reported this morning as being about a mile and a half down the railroad. His regiment was assigned to McCall's division, and he was ordered to report to him for instructions. Marvin was sent to Alexandria on business for Captain Willard, and with the mail to Washington. Telegraph did not work during the early part of the day.

April 21.-Orders were given this morning to pack up to be ready to march at the earliest possible moment. The train got started about 9 a. m. There was considerable delay occasioned by waiting for the wagon that went to the depot for rations and forage. We traveled about seventeen miles to-day, finding very bad roads in some places, and by the rain of the past two days and to-day found some of the fords very high. Elk Run Ford was very steep and deep, and a wagon belonging to the Second Wisconsin upset in entering it, which obstructed the ford so that of our wagons could not cross and did not arrive at our encampment at Mrs. Ramey's. The officers occupied the large room in the house. During the afternoon the rain came down in torrents for about two hours. We forded three runs - Cedar, Elk, and Town Runs - besides a number of small steams. During the night the kitchen chimney caught fire and the old lady was frightened very much. The teamsters broke into her corn and took eight barrels, and the cavalry and teamsters took fourteen bushels of oats, for which

