
property from being detroyed by the enemy, who are said to be marching on that point, reported to be 4,000 strong and are now within thirty-five miles of that point. Another regiment will follow from here for New Creek. You will put Mulligan's regiment in motion at 5 a. m. Transportation will be furnished at that hour for men.

JOHN E. WOLL,

Major-General.

[12.]

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., June 22, 1862.

Major-General BANKS, Middletown:

The Eighth New York Cavalry ordered to be mounted is motious and disorganized. The regiment refuses to go anywhere until mounted as cavalry. General Wood ordered me to send it to Baltimore. It is no use here or elsewhere until disciplined. I shall make this place secure. Captain Strother has just delivered your kind letter; please acept my greateful thanks. On my own respensibility I shall continue sending to General Sigel all his odds and ends of regiments at this place, and everything in my power to add to your strenght; but you will not be attacked in front; your rear and right flank is in danger. The enemy is after New Creek depot, and will be attacked from Wheeling to Cumberland, of this rumor and say he ought to concentrate on New Creek.

Yours, &amp;c.,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD, Chief Engineer:

Is it certain that the enemy have not been for the last twenty-four hours gradually changing or evacuating his position? Slight indications which have come under my observation in this front yesterday and to-day seem to point that way. There ought to be delivered immediately at Numbers 1,20 rawhides; at Numbers 2,12 rawhides; at Numbers 3,10 rawhides; at Numbers 4,14 rewhides; at Numbers 5,14 rewhides; for the purpose of revetting the embrasures. Major Hemingway promised to put these guns in place as soon as the ammunition and the teams from General Barry. arive. He says ten more Napoleon guns have been assigned for these redoubts. I find that my details were yesterday withdrawn at 12 o'clock, producing, of course, much delay. They have faithfully promised me to continue the details all day to-day. If they do so Numbers 3 and Numbers 4 will be in reliable condintion to-night.

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General MORELL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you notify your grigade commanders as the commander of batteries to be ready to

