
fall in at daybreak to-morrow prepared to resist attack. Should you at any time during the night hear firing on our right in the direction of Mechanicsville you will at once turn out your command without waiting for orders. The several brigades will form and move out into the main road of themselves in the direction of Mechanicsville without waiting for orders. Orders will be communicated on the march. The commanding general directs that you do not send the six rifle guns to the battery in the morning as was ordered, although you may be notified that the battery is ready for them. Notice has been sent to General Marindale to be under arms at 3 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE.

[11.]

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

June 23, 1862-10,45 p. m.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS:

SIR: You will at once recall the Eighth Regiment to your camp by the upper road and Cooper's battery by the lower road, to this side of Beraver Dam Creek, where it will take a position commanding the lower bridge. The six companies of the Rifle Regiment will be drawn in front the vicinity of the Meadow Bridge, and throwing out pickets in that direction withdraw its reserve to the vicinity of Mechanicsville. All the troops of your command will be under arms by 3 o'clock in the morning, prepared to resist the advance of the enemy by either road on this side of Beaver Dam Creek. The mounted picket guard will be instructed to be extremely vigilant and to communicate to you the earliest information of the crossing of the enemy. Meade's brigade will be under arms, together with Easton's and Kerns' batteries, to support you at 3 a. m. Morell's division will at the same time move forward on your right.

Very respectfully,

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1862-12,20 p. m.

General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: In has been reported that the enemy have been making some dispositions for crossing the Chirkahominy above New Bridge to-night. You will please have your command under arms at daybreak this morning ready to move if called upon.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: On Saturday, the 21st, I finished the communications which had been begun between the position of General Franklin's corps and

