
the wheat-field between us and the enemy. I also looked along our front form the Chickahominy, on the right, to the Seven Pines. On Sunday, the 22d, I again examined our line of defense as far as Fair Oaks. I made these examination both for my own information as to the character of the late battle, and with a view of acquainting myself with the ground so as to be ready, in case it is decided to strengthen our present lines by more formidable works.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[11.]

MIDDLETOWN, June 23, 1862.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing of importance has occured to-day. The enemy appear to be in force near Luray. We shall, I hope, have information from the east during the night. At Front Royal everything is quiet. We have one regiment stationed in the town, cavalry in front.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[12.]

WHEELING, June 23, 1862-10,30 p. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

It is believed that General Ewell is about making a raid on New Creek through Moorefield from Harrisonburg with from 6,000 to 8,000 troops. The whole section from Cumberland to Clarksburg, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, is undefended except by a few companies. Could there not be from eight to ten regiments taken from about Washington to that section? Their presence would be security from attakc, if only fresh troops. If railroad is secured they could be thrown into Washington or any other point in twenty-four hours. I respectfully make this suggestion. If that mumber or regiments can be brought from Ohio they could relieve those sent from Washington.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

[12.]

THIRD CORPS, June 24, 1862.

Lieutenant HALL,

Adjutant of Engineers:

The fatigue parties under my direction have to-day been employed in finishing abatis of Nos., 3 and 4; finishing parapet of gorge of Numbers 4; strengthening profile of Numbers 3; finishing infantry parapet between Numbers 2 and Numbers 3., and building magazines in Nos. 1, 3, and 4. The details did not report till about 9 o'clock.

M. D. McALESTER,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[11.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 61. Camp near Seven Pines, June 24, 1862.

I. Brigadier General Silas Casey having been assigned to duty elsewhere by orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, is relieved from duty

