
to Brooklyn, N. Y., where he remained in and about the city with A. C. Alexander (no relation), a commission merchant, also with Lamin Alexander (same business and place), and with other parties whose names informat does not remember, leaving, 1st of March or thereabouth, last; went to Baltimore; remained a day or two with his father, who is in the commission business, store 212 Levee; does not know what street, but his place of business is on the river; boards at a private house; the street and number he does not remeber. Informant left the city and joined the First Maryland between Winchester and Harper's Ferry on the 18th of March last; joined Company E, Captain Bass, Colonel Kelley commanding; they were in a brigade commanded by a man with a German name; heard it, but does not now remember it. States Company E was detailed as scouts about three weeks after he joined it, and that informant was in the battle of Winchester and Front Royal; was taken prisoners and conveyed toLynchburg, where he was confined about two weeks or so, when he made his escape through the assistance of some young ladies who had called twice at the prison, evincing a great deal of friendship. While there one day one them (does not know their names)said to informant, " Why do you not escape?" Informant answered, "How can I? When the young lady said she would engage the sentinel while he a slipped out (this was in the evening). She did so, and he did slip, out went to Richmond; walked up the railroad, reaching the above city on the evening of the 18th instant, he thinks; he was four days on the way, arriving there in the evening; left the same night for Ashland. Having been to Richmond about four years since (which fact, he had forgotten previously to state), was somewhat, a very little, asquainted with the city; found a map at the library in the capitol, which he examined and left for Ashland over the county road in the night; had no trouble in leaving the city or on the road until he reached Ashland, and thted; was in the camp of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, perhaps two miles from Ashland, in the direction of Richmond; saw the Jeff. Davis Legion from Mississippi, who were encamped directly opposite the Foruth Virginia Cavalry, informant passed directly along the road between the two encampments.

The following informant has not stated to any one before, and being informed that General McClellan would see this statement, states as follows: States after passing the above cavalry he went directly to Ashland, got upon the cars at Ashland, and went down to the burnt bridge, crossed over, and got upon the train and went to Gordonsville; there he saw two or three brigades of Jackson's immediate brigade; one of them was General Taylor's; the other two he does not remember, and in returning saw troops stationed at Louisa Court-House, and coming up to Frederick's Hall (next station) all of Major-General Whiting's troops, four brigades (General Hood's was one), General Whiting's old brigade (does not know who commands it) and another, a Georgia brigade, and the fourht does not know. These are Jackson's re-enforcements, and from what he could glean they came from Richmond to Lynchburg and to Charlottesville, thence to Staunton, where they remained until Jackson's army fell back to Charlottesville; then these re-enforcements stationed at Stauton came up to Gordonsville on the cars. Ewell's command arrived at Gordonsville before Jackson's, wna in the meantime this division (the re-enforcements) of Whiting's came up to Frederick's Hall, where informant saw them, remaining a whole day; heard officers and also privates say, "Wish to Gold it was the 28th; " does not know what they meant, unless they intended to attack us in the rear upon that day, and having heard of Stuart's operations concluded it was done to ascertain the situation of our forces. States he also heard a lieutenant say (while informant was at Frederick's Hall) that it was the intention of Johnston to make the attack in front on that day and for Jackson to co-operate simultaneously in the rear. Informant thinks it was on the evening of the 21st instan (the evening of the day he heard the above remark) that he left last-named place (Frederick's Hall) and walk [ed] to Ashland, forty-odd miles, and from Ashland informant came a circuitious route, consuming a day and a half, and reached our lines or pickets on the Certal Railroad, about four miles form the camp of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, by whom miles, was arrested. States after leaving Ashland passed through a forest about two miles, and in coming into the Telegraph road encountered a rebel picket within a few yards, who fired upon him, when he ran one way and the picket another. Informant then pursued his course down the Telegraph road, striking a small steam (heard the name, but does not remember) running in rather an easterly direction. Informant inquired of a farmer (who was a magistrate) just after he left Ashland what course he must the to carry him in the vicinity of the Yankee pickets, using the term Yankee and respenting that he was a scout for the Confederacy in order to convined the old fellow that he, informant, was all right. The old man marked out the course informant must take in order to reach the nearest Union pictet without exposure. Inforant followed the small steam (previously mentioned) about three miles, until he struct the Central Railroad, and followed down the railroad about three miles, and it being dark went to a house at left of the railroad, asked to stay all night, was

