
told he could not, and then inquired how far the Union pickets were; the man then asked him who he (informant) was and informant stated he was a Confederate scout; the man then told him (which afterward turner out to be true) just where our pickets were. Informant then left, took his direction, and got into the country road; went down about half a mile (it was dark and stormy), and while walking along brought up against a rope, which nearly threw him down, or nearly so; instanteneously informant heard the rustling of bushes and the cliek of a gun, when informant immediately prostrated himself and crawded off; going back some distance came to a haystack, where he secreted himself until morning, and in the morning early he crossed over to the Central Railroad; going down a short distance saw some cavalry, and not knowing if they were Union or Confederates, got into the bushes hastily and walked for a mile or more, thence back upon the railroad; walking a short distance saw some cavalry within sight on the right-hand side; coming nearer saw they wore our uniform; boldly stepping up told them who he was, and they conducted him to a major commanding two regiments, which proved to be a portion of the Einght Illinois Cavalry. States he was detained and asked a thousand and one questions, then sent to the colonel's headquarters (does not remember his name), where he was again questioned and well treated, and then sent to the provost-marshal of some division, and from there to these headquarters. This all happened on the 24th.

Informant states that he had our inform on when he arrived at Lynchburg; traved off the coast for the one he has on; sold the pantaloons to procure money to travel on; does net remember exactly what he received for them, but thinks is was $2 or $3. The pantaloons he purchased in Lynchburg; does not remember what he gave for them; has no west; does not remember where he got the hat (staw) that he has, but does not know if the traded for it or picked it up; knows he obtained it between Richmond and Ashland, as it bothered him when he came to get in the woods. States he wore our regular blue cap until he got the sraw hat. Informant has in his possession a 75-cent Lynchburg shnplaster. States he never studied military tactics, but has frequently looked over Gilham's and Hardee's. States the reason that he is so well posted as to geneals, brigades, division, etc., he is in the habit of making a memorandum of anything that would interest him. States he has a very good memory, and would make any memorandum that he wished to on a slip of paper retain it a few days until impressed upon his mind, then cast the paper away. States his father, Stephen Rian (as previously stated), was in Baltimore when he left; has not beard form him since that time, and if not in Baltimore may have gone to New Orleans, or Saint Mary's where his mother was when he sast heard from her by letter directed to him at Harper's Ferry or some place in Virginia. States his morther's naem ere she was married was Mary Brewster, and that Henry Brewster, with whom she was staying in Saint Mary's Parish, is a brother of his mother's, so also John Brewster. States he has a host of relatioves living in the North and South also, but is unable to give their names, or where they reside; could if the was home (Saint Mary's Parish) by looking over old files of letters. States he is acquainted with two young men in Baltimore; one of their names is Frank Maes; does not remember the other4 one's name: "is not a very good hand to remember names," unless his attention is particularly called to it, unless it might be some person of night standing. States he does no know how many Union prisoners were confined at Lynchburg, except that there were forty confined where he was. States the battle of Front Royal was on the 23rd of May, if he remembers right. States he never heard of Johnston's being wounded. States he has not heard anything more than there was a vight between our forces and the rebels near Richmond; did not hear the exact place where it occured. States coming here in the way he has there is no doubt in his mind that he is looked upon with suspicion, but he considers he is as good a Unioouldered a musket. States that is passing through the cavalry camps near Ashland (previously mentioned) he learned through as passing remark from some one (it was dusk or dark) the General Jackson was at or near Gordonsville, and his curiosity being excited, and he being determined to come within the lines of the Union army, determined to obtain all the information in his power that would aid General McClellan, thereby took the steps he did, and went to Gordonsville, as previously stated. States while in camp, after he joined the First Maryland, he took occasion to study the map and make himself as familiar as possible with the country, its roads, &amp;c., and their company being selected as a scouting one, he took more paints to inform himself in order to be perfectly familiar with the country. States he does not know from whom their company received their orders, and that the captain was not always with them, that the company was mostly made up of Baltimoreas, that they scouted around to obtain information of the enemy, and some of them even went so far as to enter the lines of the enemy, but he never did; some of them even moe of a sharpshooter, and he is not sure that the name of the colonel (as given by him) is correct, or that the company was really known as belonging to the regiment. Informant states that while he was with the company (which was but a short time) they never dreilled with the regiment.

