
I would most respectfully state that this young man is one of the most important persons that it has been my privilege to examine, being highly educated, shrewd, and throroughly posted upon the names of all oughly posted. He has evinced great anxiety since he has come here to have an interview with Major-General McClellan, saying his only object in acting as he has since he left the prisons at Lynchburg being to asquire informaiton for the purpose of bringing it to the major-general commanding. Various inconsistencies and contradictions will be observed in the detail of his personal history, though his statement in regard to the military movements of the rebels all appear consistent, and even after a rigid eamination he still adheres with great particularity to that portion of his statement. My own impression is that he has been sent within our lines for the purpose of conveying to us the precise information which he has thus conveyed. On searching his person I find the following memorandum concealed in his drewers:

Baker.

STELTON:

Say to him that Doct. Lumpkins is well in Richmond.

The above memorandum is written on a printed steet, apparently of a pamphlet of a highly rebelious character. In explanation of how he came in possesssion of this memorandum he states that this was handed to him by the lady who aided him to escape from the prison in Lynchburg, to be handed by him to a person in the suburbs of Lynchburg, which would make him (Rian) known to this person, who would aid him, but that he (Rian) did not so call. I would respectfully, however, call your attention to the fact that this prisoner Rian was taken by the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, on the Virginia Central Railroad, within about one or two miles of the house of Doctor Lumpkins, who, you will find by reference to my map, resides on the Mechanicsville turnpike, at a point on that road fifteen miles from Ashland. Doctor Lumpkins has been an active rebel, and fled to Richmond upon the approach of our army, and I would respectfully suggest that it is more than probable that his intention was to go to Lumpkins for the purpose of conveying information to the rebels within our lines, or receiving information from persons at Lumpkins' or connected with Lumpkins' family, and conveying the same to the enemy. I would respectfully suggest that the information conveyed by Rian is or may be of such a character as to require immediate attention, and in conclusion I would respectfully recommend that the prisld in close confinement as a spy until the future shall develop the truth or falsity of his statement.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. ALLEN,

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, June 24, 1862. (Received 9 p. m. 27the.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary or War, Washington, D. C.:

All quiet in this department. Governor Stanly returned from Washington, N. C., last evening. His visit was a decided success. Will write you to-day fully as to the result of out interview.* He sends his compliments to you. Cars, engines, and horses are arriving.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[9.]

---------------

* See VOL. IX, p. 403.

---------------

