HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General COOKE,

Commanding Cavalry Reserve:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you detail a force of 150 cavalry under a good officer to be ready at 4,30 a. m. to-morrow to answer the call of General Woodbury, and to escort him upon an examination of the line of the Totopotomoy with a view to establish a line of defence in case of attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS McCALL'S DIVISION,June 25, 1862

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding at Mechanicsville:

GENERAL: If your nopt already sent out to examine the road leading to pole Green Church and beyond to the road leading to Hanover Court-House, send orders to Farnsworth to explore these roads as far as can be done with prudence. Reports of a column of 8,000 men beynond there have reached here. A brigade 1,800 strong, under Colonel R. C. Buchanan, went out this morning, but has not yet been heard from.

By command of Brigadier-General McCall:

H. J. BIDDLE,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 56. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 25, 1862.

1. Brigadier-General Stoneman having reported to the commanding general, in compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, is assigned to the command, for a special purpose, of the following force: The cavalry, one light battery, two regiments of infantry from Morell's division. The commanding officer of the infantry regiments and the commanding officer of the battery will report to General Stoneman to-night at these headquarters. The commanding officer from General Cooke and Colonel Farnsworth will receive their instructions from General Stoneman.

2. Brigadier-General Morell will select and detail two regiments of infantry of at least 500 men each for duty with General Stoneman, commanders to report as above directed.

3. Colonel Farnsworth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, will be relieved from duty with the command at Mechanicsville, and will receive orders only from General Stoneman.

4. General McCall will relieve by cavalry from his own command the two companies of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry now on duty at Mechanicsville, and direct them to report without delay to their regimental commanders.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

