HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 26, 1862.

Colonel McQuade,

Commanding Fourteenth Regiment New York Volunteers and Late Commander of the Second Brigadier, Morell's Division:

COLONEL: The commanding general desires me to say, in sending a copy of the order * assigning Brigadier - General Griffin to the brigade which has been successfully and satisfactorily and in action gallantly commanded by you, that the assignment is made only in consequence of the ordinary routine of duty which compels to be given a brigadier general the command appropriate to his rank. The commanding general further desires me to congratulate you upon your success in every respect during all the time you havebeen in command, and now, when turning it over to your successor, hopes the recollestions of your duty then will ever be as pleasant and satisfactory to yourself as it is now and will be to all members of your command and to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]

JUNE 26, 1862 - 2.15.

General REYNOLDS:

The enemy is reported to be advancing in force on tthe Pamunkeyk road . Withdraw your regiment from the grove. Order Farnsworth to observe the enemy closely and report to you whatever occurs. Have your wagons packed with such baggage as the men do not carry, and a guaed detailed to conduct them to General McClellan's headquarters should we advance, or find to necessary to withdraw. Send some of your best officers to observe the enemy. They should be mounted and have with them mounted messengers to brink frequent reports to keep the major - general commanding fully posted at all times, as the movements of the entire army may depend on the information he may get.

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Division.

[11.]

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

June 26. 1862 - 2.20 p. m. [Received 2.40 p. m.]

General MEADE:

Have all your wagons, except ammunition wagons and such as you cannot dispense with, packed and sent across the river to the vicinity of General Mclellan's headquarters. Hold your command ready for action at a moment's notice. This order comes from General Marcy.

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier - General, Commanding Division.

You will, of course, send a small guard with your train.

G. A. M.

[11.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTH PROV. ARMY CORPS, Numbers 58. Camp near New Bridge, Va., June 26, 1862.

In compliance orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Colonel Tyler, First Regiment Connecticut Volunteers Artillery, is [with

