
CHAP. LXIII.]

the exception of the companies now doing duty with the batteries on this side of the Chickabominy River] relieved from duty with Sykes' division. Colonel Tyler will report to Brigadier - General Barry, chief of artillery.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Licoln, June 26, 1862 - 6 p. m.

Brigadier General S. CASEY,

White house:

The general commanding wishes you to keep your cavalry scouts well out along the Pamunkey to communicate immediately intelligence of the approach of the enemy. The cavalry force to have orders, in case of being hasd pressed by the enemy, to retire by Baltimore Cross - Roads across the Chickahomity, saving such scouts may be needed to convey you intelligence. This body should also have scouts out to watch any body of the enemy approaching from the lower Chickahominy across Jones' Bridge. In case you findyourself present at the White House by a body of the enemy which cannot be resisted, you are to abandon that depot and repair on board such vessels as may be at hand. Instructions have already been given to the staff departments, in case of the abandonment of the depot, to destroy all public property that cannot be carried off.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 26, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel D. McVICAR,

Commanding Squadron 6th N. Y. Cavalry, Beyond Dispatch Station:

The enemy has crossed the Chickahominy in force, and straggling parties may make thei way to the railroad. The commanding general desires you to keep scouts out in every direction, and, if pressed hard, to retire across the Chickahominy. do not allow your troops to get stampeded. The enemy has been severely handled today by our troops on the right.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION,Opposite Fredericksburg, June 26, 1862 - 11.20 a. m.

[Received 11.45 a. m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A contraband has just arrived here who left Loiuse Court - House, thirty-five miles or more from this point, at sundown Tuesday. He reports that Ewell's and Jackson's troops, 40,000or 50,000 passed this [Louisa] court house on ttheir way to Richmond Friday, Saturday,

