
Sunday, and Monday. The soldiers said they were all leaving the mountains, except a few cavarly, and going to Richmond. The contraband saw the troops passing during four days. and describes [them] as worn out and looking hard. His own master was among them, and got home Sunday night. The contraband's reason for leaving was, that now that the Southern troops had fallen back, the people expected the Yankees to follow, and were hurrying off the young and able bodie negroes farther south.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier - General.

[12.]

MIDDLETOWN, VA., June 26, 1862.

[Received 7. 30 p. m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Circumstances had brought the troops now with me into a state of incipiend scurvy, and their enfeebled condition induced much illness, more especially of typhoid fevers. There is consequently disproportionate number of ill and unavailable men. I have taken up here a very strong and healthy position, and am establishing a good camp hospital for sick and wounded. The weather is favorable. Good and sufficient provisions and other supplies, and our men will rapidly recouver health and strenght. I am calling in all detachments, gathering up convalescents and absentees, and id it can be so managed that we are here some little time, in this way the numerical streght of the corps. and more especially its effective strenght, will be greatly increased.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major - General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Near Middletown, June 26, 1862. [Received 8. 45 p. m.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch which transmits to me the order of the President constituting the Army of Virginia was received this afternoon at 7 o' clock.*

J. C. FREMONT,

Major - General, U. S. Army.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp Lincoln, June 27, 1862 - 6 a. m.

General S. P. HEITZELMAN,

Commanding Third Corps:

General commanding directs that you immediately send two companies of Averell's Third Pennsylvania Cavalry to patrol the line of the railway between Tunstall's and Dispatch Stations. Instruct their commander to keep his scouts well out and vigilant on both sides of the road, especially toward James River. If pressed by a superior force they will retire across the Chickahominy.

By command:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

---------------

[11.]

* See VOL. XII, Part III, p. 435

---------------

