HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Savage's Station, June 28, 1862 - 5. 30 p. m.

Colonel H. J. HUNT,

Artillery Reserve Headquarters General Porter:

The commanding general directs me to say, in answer to your verbal inquiry through Lieutenant - Colonel Radowitz, that it is thought that the sick you find it necessary to leave behins should be left with medical attendance, mediacal supplies, subsistance for at least twenty-five days, and such tents as will be necessary to make them comfortable. Other tents in your command will have to be destroyed, as directed in the circular sent out this day.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 28, 1862.

Captain CLARK,

Assistant Quartemaster, Savage's Station:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you immediately have loaded all the wagons that you can control, with subsistence stores, as follows: Hard bread, sugar, and coffee. The wagons, on being loaded, will be at once sent by you to White Oak Swamp. On arriving there the wagons will be parked in some convenient place, of the road but near to it, and the horses, with their harness, sent immediately back to draw artillery over the road and swamp. The arrival of the wagons to be reported at once at these headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS KING'S DIVISION,Opposite Fredericksburg, June 28, 1862 - 7. 30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I shall start for Washington by the first train and boat today, and report myself at the Department immediately on my arrival in the city.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier - General.

[12.]

ALEXANDRIA, June 28, 1862.

[Received 8. 50 p. m.]

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant - General:

SIR: Pursuant to orders from Major - General McDowell, two brigades of this division are now here preparatory to embarkation for Richmond, viz, the Second and Third. The Fourth Brigade is at Cloud's Mills by the same orders and has reported to General Sturgis. One regiment of the First Brigade is here and the remainder thereof is expenced to arrive during the night. My only orders have been to brink the First, Second, and Third Brigades here preparatory to embarking for Richmond, and to superintend tthe embarkation. The Third Brigade is

