
[CHAP. LXIII.

mostly embarked, but are somewhat delayed by the nacessity of cooking rations, procuring forage and supplies, which is now going on. The command has not received its supplies of quartemaster's stores, but should do so before sailing, that the same may be distributed on the voyage. I have no instructions as to the disposition to be make of the baggage, horses, wagons, and teamsters. The artillery and cavalry I was ordered to leave at Brisoe, and have no information as to their destination. There is no one here who has information as to the destination of the transpotrs. I respectfully await orders.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORRIS S. FERRY,

Brigadier - General

[12.]

ALEXANDRIA, June 28, 1862 - 12. 15 p. m.

[Received 12. 30 p. m.]

Major - General McDOWELL:

The Third Brigade, Shields' division, is in process of embarkation at Pier No. 1. Neither Captain Ferguson, assistant quartemaster, nor any officer on the boats, knows the destinationof the transports, and the division commissary is therefore unable to judge how many days' rations to provide. The Fourth Brigade is on the way from Manassas to Cloud's Mills. The First and Second Brigades are at Bristoe, embarking on the cars as rapidly as possible. If a menber of your staff could come here and communicate the necessary details it would aid me in my dutie. At present my headquarters are at the Ellsworth House, where dispatches will reach me.

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier - General.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, D. C., June 28, 1862.

Brigadier - General STURGIS, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major - general commanding the corps directs that the regiments enumeretad in your communication of this date, viz,

Fifty-ninth New York, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, Ninety-first Pennsylvania, and Thirty-second Massachusetts, properly provided, be put in motion as soon as possible for Alexandria, there to embark with the division now under orders to join the Army of tthe Potomac. Those troops are intended to take the place of Tyler's and Carroll's brigades, of Shields' division, which are not to embark, and which, until further orders, will constitute a portion of your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]

FORT MONROE, June 28, 1862 - 3. 30 p. m.

Honorable A. LINCOLN:

Your dispatch has reached me. * I was already in possession of the information you communicate. Commodore Goldsborough is with me.

No effort will be spared to effect the object of your wishes.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major - General.

---------------

[11.]

* See VOL. XI, Part III, p. 270.

---------------

