
news from General McCall's division as yet. Last night signal rockets were seen; appeared to be about three miles back of Fredericksburg.

April 26.-The day was cool and cloudy, but the clouds broke away before sunset. Major Brown and Captain Willard went to Aquia Creek this morning. Captain Willard took a wagon with him, the general's tents, August, with two of the general's horses, and an orderly. Major Brown returned this evening. Rebel pickets on the other side of the river were seen from near the railroad bridge.

April 27.-This day has been a beautiful one. Captain Willard returned from Aquia Creek about 7.30 a. m. A wagon with three tents and some of the officers' luggage was sent to Aquia this morning. An orderly was sent with it. Captain Sanderson's clerk went to Aquia this morning. The band of the Twenty-First Regiment came and played just at sundown in front of the house a number of pieces.

April 28.-Orders were received this morning to remove all the things over to Aquia Creek. Got the wagons all loaded and started about 2.30 a. m. [sic]. The clerks went by the way of the railroad and arrived at the headquarters about 6 p. m. The wagons did not arrive up to 10 o'clock, and it was thought they had stopped for the night on the road. Major Brown came and General Van Rensselaer staid back until to-morrow.

April 29.-The train arrived shortly after daylight this morning. After dark last night two wagons upset, and as the road was so rough they stopped and camped for the night within half a mile of these headquarters. The general was rather unwell this morning, but went to the landing during the day. General Van Rensselaer and Captain Willard went to Washington. Captain Barstow was on special duty to-day down at the railroad. Lieutenant Wadsworth relieved him to-night. General McCall arrived at Falmouth (Meade's brigade) to-day, leaving Ord's, Bayard, and the cavalry and artillery at Catlett's. A. L. Cox, brigade surgeon, staid with us this night and Doctor Thom last night. Captain Willard was relieved from duty as acting assistant quartermaster by Captain Haven. Captain Willard went to Washington.

April 30.-Just after sunrise it commenced to cloud over, and about 12 m. it commenced to rain, which continued at intervals during the remainder of the day and evening. General Franklin's report for March was received to-day. The countersigns were sent out to-day for the following week. Major Bannister came this afternoon and paid off the staff and the enlisted men who had their descriptive lists. General McDowell went to Aquia and thence to Fredericksburg with some Englishmen. Colonel Haupt and Mr. Brayton were at work on the railroad. The track was laid with rails about a mile from Aquia. The rails fell short at night. The men at the railroad were at work building the railroad, cutting ties, laying rails, &amp;c. Major Bannister came and staid this afternoon. General McDowell went over to Fredericksburg with some Englishmen, viz, Lord Frederick Paulet, commanding garrison at Montreal; Lieutenant-Colonel Conolly, department C. B. Scott's Fusilier Guards; Captain Clayton, Grenadier Guards; Captain Seymour, Coldstream Guards, aide-de-camp to major-general. General McCall reported his arrival at or near Falmouth, about one mile north, with his First and Second Brigades, leaving at Catlett's his Third Brigade (Ord's), the artillery and cavalry, also Bayard's companies of cavalry.

May 1.-Captain Henry B. Blood, assistant quartermaster, reported for railroad duty and was sent over to Colonel Haupt. It was by order of the Secretary of War that he reported to Colonel Haupt. The railroad

