
CHAP. LXIII.]

keep a depot of supplies at Wheeling for the troops that may be necessary to preserve the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Wheeling to Cumberland. The supplies for the troops between Cumberland and Baltimore can be supplied from the latter city. I will direct Brigadier - General Kelley to send officers to Wheeling and to supply the places of the officers you may withdraw from the railroad. When you leave for the south, I would suggest the occupation of Winchester by a considerable force, with intrenched camps; also Romney and Leesburg. These three points control most of the roads leaving to the railroads, &amp;c. I have been placed in charge of the road to Winchester, as well as to Wheeling. I have suggested the occupation of these points in order to prevent what has but recently occurred and the effect it had on the people as well as the country at large. I have a regiment, just arrived from Ohio, for the camp of instruction. I think it would be highly proper to sent this regiment to Winchester. Please to suggest this to the Secretary of War. It is necessary to keep the people quier in that region of country.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major - General, Commanding.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers -. Camp near James River, July 3, 1862.

1. Brigadier General Silas Casey will report for duty to Brigadier General F. J. Porter for assignment to McCall's division.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILIAMS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,[Circular] July 3, 1862.

The major - general commanding the army wishes to direct the immediate attention of the general officers commanding corps, divisions, and brigades to the absolute necessity of collecting and forming the commands ready to take their places in line at once. The safety of the army, the salvation of the cause, alike require the utmost and most heroic efforts om the part of the general officers. We are all fatigued, officers and men alike, but to secure the necessary repose and await the coming of re-enforcements it is imperative that the troops be placed in position ready for action at once. To fail in this duty now would be as falat and reprehansible as failing upon the field of battle.

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]

STEAMER ARIEL, July 3, 1862.

General J. G. BARNARD,

Chief Engineer:

GENERAL: TAhe position you indicated yesterday is a good one, i. e., it can readily be heldagainst heavy forces; yet it strike me, however, that it has the disadvantage of being somewhat too confined for

