
Stoneman will send detachments form this regiment to guide the defferent divisions. General Stoneman will report direct to, and received his orders from, the general commanding this army. The commanding officers of cavalry serving in the difernt corps will at once report in person to General Stoneman at these headquarters.

9. Brigadier General W. H. Emory is relieved from duty with the Cavalry Reserve, and will report to Brigadier General E. D. Keyse, commanding Fourth Corps, for the command, temporarily, of Naglee's brigade, Peck's division.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., THIRD CORPS, Numbers 27. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 7, 1862.

BRAVE COMRADES: As one of your generals who has shared in your perils, so I sympathize in your cheers for victory when I pass. Themane of this division is marked. Southern records are full of you. In attack you have driven them, when assailed you have repulsed them. Be it so to the end. New regiment, we give you a name; ingraft on it fresh laurels. Comrades in battle, let our greeting be with a cry to defiance to the foe. After the fight one greeting of vicroty for ourselves. This done, remembeer that, like yourselves, I have my duties of labor in which I must move unobserved as a true brother in handand heart of this our warriior division family. Success attend you.

By command of Major - General Kearny, commanding Third Division:

ALEXANDER MOORE,Acting Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]

WASHINGTON, July 7, 1862 - 4. 45 p. m.

General FRANKLIN,

Harrison's Bar:

By accident it was omitted to notify you Saturday that as a token of acknowledgment of your military services ou are nominated as brevet brigadier in the regular army and major - general of volunteers.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[11.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 7, 1862.

Major - General DIX:

The president, with Assistant Secretary Watson, are on board the Ariel for Fortress Monroe to visit you. They left here at

2 o' clock, and will probably reach Old Point by morning.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

