
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 9, 1862.

The commanding general takes pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of colors taken from the enemy on the recent engagements, and sent to the War Department to commemorate the services and of the regiments and individuals be whom they were taken: One falg by Segrt. John Marks, Company D, Thirteenth New York Volunteers, from First Tennessee Battalion, at battle of the Chickhominy, June 27; one flag by Sergt. William J. Wittich, Eight - third Pennsylvania Volunteers, from a South Carolina regiment, at battle of Malvern, July 1; one flag by Private William John Gallagher, Ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps, from Tenth Alabama Regiment, at battle of New Market Road, June 30; one flag by Private Patrick Ryan, company D, Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps, from Eleventh Alabama Regiment, at battle of New Market Road, June 30; one flag by Private Isaac Springer, Company K, Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps, from Eleventhe Alabama Regiment, at battle of New Market Road, June 30. The commanding general regrets tosay that several of the flags taken from the enemy have been sent away by the persont into whose possession they came, depriving the regiments and soldiers of the credit justly due them, and which they certainly would have received. These articles properly belong to the Governmet, and should be sent tot the Deapartment with the other mementos of the war.

By command of Brog. General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 9, 1862.

Major General JOHN A. DIX, Fort Monroe:

If it has not already been done, the general commanding desires that you will take measures to remove to Old Point, as soon as practicable, the 200-pounder and 100-pounder Parrott guns and heavy mortars used by us at the siege of Yorktown, also any serviceable heavy guns that there may be at Yorktown and which are not required for the defense of that place on the land siede. Such guns as are not wanted and it may not be possible to remove should be destroyed. The general desires to know what has been done, under instructions previously given, toward removing the guns from Yorktown and vicinity. He has every reason to believe from the testimony of contrabands and prisoners and from information derived from other sources that the enemy has fallen back from our front in the direction of Richmond.

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Berkeley, July 11, 1862 - 3 p. m.

Major General J. A. DIX, Commanding at Fort Monroe:

The enemy have retired from in fromt of our position, his right at Haxall's near Malvern Hill. None at Long Bridge or on the lower

