
was complete to withing a mile of headquarters (Hedgman's house). The aides-de-camp had charge of the railroad to assist Colonel Haupt, Barstow and Brown in particular. The great trouble to-day has been the want of railroad iron. The mudsills of the bridge over Accokeek Creek were finished and laid to-day ready for the trestle-work. The bridge now waits for the railroad. Captain Willard returned from Washington to-day. Forty oxen with yokes and log chains are at Aquia Creek. It was raining most of the day. General McDowell returned this evening from Fredericksburg.

May 2.-The clouds broke away to-day about 11 a. m., and the sun came out very warm. Lieutenant Drouillard went to Washington by the best. General McDowell went to the landing about noon. The officers' mess split this morning and started three messes. Sergeant Wirth had his furlough approved for two weeks; he went to Washington by the boat. Had quite a thunder shower about 6 p. m. Preparations are being made to move headquarters in the morning. The general went about noon to Aquia Creek and spent most of the time there.

May 3.-Headquarters moved this morning at 8.15. A number of the train were stalled on the road, which delayed the march, and the train did not arrive at the Lacy House, opposite Fredericksburg, until about 5.30 p. m. Some of the wagons did not arrive until after dark. General McDowell and staff, with a number of the Cabinet, went over to Fredericksburg - Mr. Stanton, Mr. Chase, Mr. Harrington, and Governor Moorhead of Pennsylvania. The cars from Aquia Creek ran up as far as Brooke's Station this morning and brought up the members of the Cabinet above mentioned. The general and staff arrived about 2 p. m. at General King's headquarters, and after taking lunch went over to the river and took a look at the end of the bridge. Some of the staff and Governor Moorhead rode about the town. Everyone looked away except the darkies, who seemed highly delighted. The ladies turned away or slammed the shutters. The town looked like a deserted place, where everything had stagnated. The bridge of canal boats was completed. It answers very well. We found the relics of two steamers which had been burnt, and other small craft. The general went back with the visitors to Belle Plain and up to Aquia and spent the night there. Cutting was with him. We were not very comfortable after getting here. The wagons arrived so late that we got no dinner, and then all of us, by the general's order, had to camp out except himself; the house was reserved for him. Captain Sanderson's mess stores arrived and we had something to eat for dinner, though not much. A package was received, marked Numbers 1, from the Secretary of War.

May 4.-The day has been a beautiful one. General McD. was away nearly all day and did not arrive until 7 p. m. A second pontoon bridge was commenced to-day just to the right of us. A telegram from the Secretary of War was received that Yorktown was evacuated last night by the enemy. About 8.30 p. m. a contraband, representing himself as Jeff. Davis' coachman, came in and told a long story to the officers. The Twenty-fourth Regiment band was down at sunset and gave us some fine music.

May 5.-Cloudy, with appearance of a storm. The pontoon bridge was finished last night and a number passed throughout the day. About 2 o'clock General McDowell and staff, General King and staff, and some other generals crossed over the bridge with Davies' regiment of cavalry and went out on a reconnaissance. About 4 p. m. heard that McClellan had cut off the retreat of the enemy and captured about 180 pieces of artillery. About 6 p. m. heard that a small force of the

