
[CHAP. LXIII.
Chickahominy. None of his troops croseed the Long Bridge. What news have you from the cavalry pickets in front of Williamsburg and from Yorktown?

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major - General, Commanding.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 11. Washington, D. C., July 11, 1862.

I. Brigadier General C. C. Augur is relieved from duty in King's division, Third Corps d' Armee, and will report to Major - General Banks to relieve Brigadier - General Cooper in command of his devision in the Second Corps d' Armee. The officers attached to the brigade staff of Brigadier - General Augur will accompany him, and will be placed on duty at the headquarters of the division to which he is assigned.

II. Brigadier General James Cooper is relieved from duty with the Second Corps d' Armee, and will repair to Frederick, Md., to await further orders.

* * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General George S. Greene, U. S. Volunteers, now in this city, will report in person to Major - General Banks, commanding Second Corps d' Armee, for duty in that command. The quartemaster's department will furnish the transportation for Brigadier - General Greene and staff necessary for the execution of this order.

By command of Major - General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Colonel, Assistant Adjutant - General, and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HDQRS, THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Washington, D. C., July 11, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of orders of July 10 * requiring troops to be held in readiness to march at an hour's notice with ten days' rations, and requiring no supplies to be kept on hend except such as are necessary for this purpose. The number of baggage wagons now with the several divisions and brigades of this corps are not sufficient at this moment it admit if immediate compliance with the order. Instructions have been given to the general commanders to make at once requisitions for sufficient additional means of transportation to enable this to be doen. The number of wagons on hand in the corps will be sufficient for the purpose, when distributed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major - General, Commanding Third Army Corps.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 15, 1862.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Provisional Corps:

SIR: The general commanding directs that Kimball's brigade be transferred to the Second Corps and ordered to report accordingly to

