
General Sumner, and that you replace it in your line by one of the brigades of Slocum's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 15, 1862.

General A. E. BURNSIDE:

[Care of General J. S. DIX, Fort Monroe, Va.]

The commanding general desires to see you upon important business and wishes you to come here at the earliest moment possible.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assitant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 16, 1862.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General Heaquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to present to the consideration of the major - general commanding the names of the following officers for promotion for distinguished and gallant service in action and meritorious services with their commands during th late march from the Chickahominy: Brigadier General George sykes, commanding division of regular and volunteer troops, and engaged in the actions of Chickahominy [Gaines' Mill], Turkey Creek, and Malvern. Colonel James McQuade, Fourteenth New York Voluntee, commanding brigade at Hanover Court House, and engaged at Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill

[Chickahominy], and Malvern Hill and Yorktown, and with credit in each case. colonel Henry J. Hunt, commanding Reserve Artillery. His services at Malvern were of the most important character in selecting positions for and locating his batteries, having them always ready and throwing them into proper position at the proper time, and galllantly leading some of them into action. To his forethrought and good judgment and the efficiency of his artillery is due, as much as any cause, the result of that battle. His services were also invaluable at Yorktown and in the contests before Richmond in suplying proper batteries and keeping them always efficient. Colonel G. K. Warren, Fifth New york, commanding brigade at Hanover Court House, Chickahominy, Turkey Brigade, and Malvern. No better soldier, or one who has more justly earned his promotion, can be found. Hisdivison commander, General Sykes, of his services at the last three actions, says:

Colonel Warren, with the practical experience of an accomplished engineer, his untiring industry, unceasing energy, and unsurpassed gallantry on the field, won for himself promotion which cannot be too soon or more worthily bestowed.

Colonel W. W. Averell, commanding Third Pensylvania Cavalry, for meritorious services during the campaign in front of Richmond. He acted as an aide to me at Yorktown [April 5] and again at Malvern, in both of which actions his good judgment was of great assistance to ne, while his services at Malvern we rallying with his regiment many stragglers, keeping the road open for supplies of provisions and ammunition, and his conduct on the field was an example to any

46 R R - VOL. LI, PT I

