
[CHAP. LXIII.

one. No beter or more loyad soldier can be found. Colonel Joseph J. Barlett, Twenty - seventh New York Volunteers, commanding brigade of Slocum's divison, Franklin's corps, at the battle of Gaines' Mill. His brigade was handled with skill, ability, and courage, and his judgment is highly spoken of by General Sykes, under whose orders he served temporarity. Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Buchanan, commanding brigade of regular corps at battles of Chickahominy and Malvern, and whose services there and during the march were invaluable and gallant. Ihave now nearly prepared a list of officers recommended for merit, which I shall forward as soon as completed. The absence of reports from commanders of brigades and division of the services of their commands in the late actions only delay.

I am, general, very respectdully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL CORPS,Near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 16, 1862.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to present for the consideration of the major - general commanding the following list of officers whose services entitle them to reward by promotion by brevets. The following I present on my own personal knowledge and observaton on the field: Brigadier General George W. Morell, U. S. Volunteers: Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield. lieutenant - colonel Twelfth Infantry, for gallant and meritorious conduct at Hanover Court House, Chickahominy, and Malvern: Brigadier General John F. Reynolds, liutenant - colonel Fourteenth Infantry, same at Chickahominy and Mechanicsville; Brig, General George Sykes, major Fourteenth Infantry same at Chickahominy and Malvern; Brigadier General T. Seymour, captain Fifth Artilley, same at Mechanicsville and Chickahominy; Brigadier General Charles Griffin, captain Firth Artillery, Yorktown, Chickahominy, and Malvern; Colonel G. K. Warren, captain Topographical Ebgineers, Gaines' Mill and Turkey Creek; Colonel W. W. Averell, first lieutenant Third Cavalry, Yorktown and Malvern; Colonel R. O. Tyler, captain Quartermaster's Departmenet, Yorktown and Malvern; Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Hunt, major Fifth Artillery, Malvern; Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Fourth Infantry, Chickahominy [Gaines' Mill]and Malvern; Lieutenant Colonel William Hays, captain Third

[Second] Artillery, Malvern; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Getty, captain Fifth Artilery, Malvern;

Major A. S. Webb, captain Eleventh Infantry, Hanover Court House;

Captain J. H. Carlisle, captain Second Artillery, Golding's Farm and Malvern; Captain S. H. Weed, captain Fifth Artillery, Chickahominy and Malvern; Captain John Edwards, Jr., captain Third Artillry, Chickahominy and Malvern; Captain John C. Tidball, captian Second Artillery, Chickahominy and Malvern; Captain John R. Smead, captain Fifth Artillery, Mechnicsville, Chickahominy, and Malvern; Captain Henry Benson, captain Second Artillery, Hanover Court House, Chickahominy, and Malvern; Captain La Rhett L. Livingson, captain Third Artillery, Malvern; First Liut. C. P. Kingsbury, captain Fifth Artilery, * Yorktown [April 5], Chickahominy, and Malvern; Captain James M. Robertson. captain Second Artillery, Chickahominy and Nalvern; First Lieutenant

---------------

* So in original, but at the date of this paper C. P. Kingsbury was a captain of Ordnance and colonel and additional aide - de - camp.

---------------

