
C. E. Hazlett, Fifth Artillery, Yorktown, Chickahominy, and Malvern; second Lieutenant Horatio B. Reed, Fifth Artillery, Chickahominy and Malvern; First Lieutenant A. Ames, Fifth Artillery, First Lieutenant A. M. Randol, First Artillery, Malvern; Second Lieutenant E. W. Olcott, First Artillery, Malvern; First Lieutenant M. P. Miller, Fourth Artilleryk, meritorious services at Malvern. The nanes of officers will be continually coming in with the various reports of division commanders. I shall take pleasure in presenting them to the consideraton of the commanding general. I append a list of names presented by Brigadier - General Sykes and Lieutenant - ColonelHunt, in which I concur. If it be possibel to rewae members of the staff I should be pleased to see the following officers promoted for gallant conduct in the actions opposite their names, in most of under fire: Captain F. T. Locke, assistant adjutant - general, Yorktown, Hanover, Chickahominy, and Malvern; Joseph Kirkland, aide - de- camp of the major - general commanding, attached to my staff, for Yorktown, Hanover, Chickahominy, and Malvern ; Captain William P. Mason, aide- de - camp, 7c., the same; First Lieutenant George Monteith, Fourth Michigan, aide - de - camp, the same; First Lieutenant John F. McQuade, Fourteenth New York, aide - de- camp, Hanover, Chickahominy, and Malvern. I have also to bring before the commanding general the names of Lieutenant Colonel Paul von Radowitz and Major Herbert Hammerstri, both aides - de - camp to the major - general commanding, conspicuous for gallantry and bravery at the battle of the Chickahominy, where I had enlisted their services with those of Capts. Louis Phillipe d' Orleands and Robert d' orleans, aides to the major - general commanding. I knows of no mode by which the personal staff of general officers can be rewarded, and if there is none, I would suggest some one to be adopted to encoutage those who are so much if not more exposed than any other one person in action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER

Brigadier - General, Commanding.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 206. Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 17, 1862.

* * * * * * *

7. The Fifth and Sixth Provisional Army Corps will be designated hereafter as the Fifth and Sixth Corps, respectively.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILIIAMS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., July 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant - General, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report I have to day made a change in the location of the stations of the Eleventh New York State Militia, viz, placed two companies at Opequon bridge, abadonding Wadesville,

