
[CHAP. LXIII.

one company at Summit Point, one company at Cameron, and four companies with headquarters of the regiment aat Charlestown. The rebel cavalry advancing up the valley of the Shenandoah are hovaring around Winchester under Beve[rly] Robertson; numbers from 1, 500 to 2, 000 men. Not a doubt in my mind but it is the intention to cut off the communication of the garrison at Winchester by breaking up the Winchester railroad. The two companies at Opequoun bridge have orders to hold that bridge regardless of consequences all the supplies, stores, and sick are removed. Probably by Saturday all will be brought away. Summit Point is where the railroad and turnpike come close together and where a cross road comes in from Berryville. Cameron is where the road from Snicker's Ferry of the Shenandoah crosses, and Charlestown a place of rendezvous, sustaining point, and outpost to this post The Eleventh New York State militia is commanded by Colonel Maidhof, composed of Germans of the better class, and will, in my opinion, give a good account of themselves in action. I have given orders to the regiment, as well as to the Fifty - fourth Pennsylvania, stationed west of Martinsburg, to be vigilant and on the alert against charges of cavarly, and barricade their encampments by abatis or any obstruction to horsemen. So far as I can learn Robertson has neither ingantry nor artillery, and infantry should not be afraid to meet him wherever he may be found.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel second Infantry, U. S. Army.

[12.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 18, 1862 - 2. 30 p. m.

Major - General BURNSIDE:

You can telegraph me fully in cipher and with perfect security; or if you prefer, come and see me. Do just as you think best. *

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVARLY BRIGADE,July 18, 1862.

Captain A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant - General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday there was one squadrom from this brigade on the Richmond road which mistook some of our own pickets for those of the enemy, and did not accomplish much. Another squadron met the enemy a short distance beyond Saint Mary's Church. No skirmishing tool place. A party of the enemy's cavalry passed to the left of the second squadron and threatened the flank of the first. The pickets which were out last night have returned, and report everything quiet. A squadron of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry was sent to Wilson's Wharf last night, and four squadrons under Major Ogle to Charles City Court House, to cover the operations of the engineers with the squadron of the Fifth.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

[11.]

---------------

* This is reply to Burnside of 1p. m., VOL. XI. Part III, p. 326.

---------------

