
THIRD DIVISION.

Brigadier General JOHN G. PARKS.

First Brigade.

9th New York.

89th New York.

103th New York.

Second Brigade.

8th Connecticut.

11th Connecticut.

4th Rhote Island.

[11.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton. Va., July 25, 1862.

Major D. C. HOUSTON,

Chief Engineer:

Proceed, accompanied by an officer of the staff you may select, to Culpeper and make a reconaissance of the country between this and that point on the scale of five inches to the mile, in which shall be sketched the houses, roads, streams, fords, and topography of the country generally. Avail yourself of such information as can be obtained from people of the country, contrabands, &amp;c. See Generals Hatch and Bayard, commanding the cavalry in that neighborhood, if not too far from you, and get from them such information as they possess respecting the resources of the country they are operating in, and particularly reliable information as to the position and strength of the enemy's forces in front of them. Examine their officers and scouts for the purpose of procuring from them any knowledge they may have acquired of the topography of the country which they have passed over. Send any sketches or maps, if thtey can be had. In your report be particular to distinguish between facts and hearsay statements, giving the authority for facts reported. Endeavor to secure the services of negroes in the vicinity of Culpeper who will goto Gondonsville and Louisa Court - House to gather information, and for this purpose you are authorized for offer liberal inducements. Every one fired os to suppose he is the only one sent out by you, so that their reports may be compared on their examination, by the general comnanding, to whom they are to be brouhgt. See the commanding officer at Culpeper, General Crawford, and acquaint him with the object of your mission. If anything special occurs, as soon as you arrive there send back word, and return with your party day after tomorrow.

By order of General McDowell:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, Md., July 25, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I am informed that you are not well pleased with the management of the Middle Department. Wait a little and you will be satisfied. Today, after a conference with several menbers of tthe second branch of the common council of the city of Baltimore, the members have resigned their offices, leaving it to the Union party to elect members that will vote for th sum necessary tto raise three regiments in the city. About fifteen minutes since they tendered to me their resignations, which I approved.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major - General.

[12.]

