
enemy, supposed three regiments, were down the river opposite General Bayard's command. A battery of artillery was stationed on the bank commanding the new bridge during the afternoon. Upon the reconnaissance one prisoner was captured, about two miles out of Fredericksburg. Captain Buell and Lieutenant Hasty caught him. No passes were given across the river except by General King. Got some First-rate bread from a baker in Fredericksburg.

May 6.-Several of the staff visited the monument to Washington's mother, which is unfinished. We found it bruised by musket-balls, apparently having been used as a target. The town looked more lively to-day. Lieutenant Drouillard arrived from Washington this afternoon. General McDowell went across the river this afternoon.

May 7.-A beautiful day. General McDowell went across the river this morning. A copy of General McClellan's telegram to the Secretary of War was received, confirming the evacuation of Yorktown and also of a battle at Williamsburg, where Hancock's brigade made a splendid charge upon the enemy and drove them from the field, and that our victory was complete, capturing a large number of prisoners, besides a number of pieces of artillery and a large quantity of ammunition. Captain Gibbon came over to headquarters in his uniform of brigadier-general. Wadsworth and Brown had a horse race and Brown won the race. One company of Davies' cavalry came to stay as a regular escort to the general. The Twenty-third Regiment New York Volunteers went to Fredericksburg to-day to guard the town.

May 8.-Working on the bridges. Two deserters came in and gave themselves up. Two men who were taken prisoners at Bull Run arrived here to-day, Captain Farrish, Seventy-ninth New York, and Lieutenant Dempsey, Second New York. The prisoners who were captured on Monday were [sent] to Washington this morning. Hosford was detailed to-day as postmaster for the department at these headquarters for receiving and delivering the mails. Corporal Williams, of the Twenty-First New York, was detailed to-day to take Hosford's place.

May 9.-The weather still continues fine. Two regiments of Ricketts' brigade were ordered up from Aquia Creek. They arrived about 5 p. m. (Ninetieth Pennsylvania and Twenty-sixth New York). General McDowell remained here throughout the day. A young man living on the Gordonsville road came in to-day. He says that the enemy tried to press him into the ranks and that he escaped from them. Tillson's battery of artillery came up from Aquia Creek to-day and went into camp near department headquarters.

May 10.-A beautiful day, but very warm. The Fifty-sixth New York went to Belle Plain to-day. General Patrick's entire brigade went over to Fredericksburg about 8 p. m. Three deserters from Letcher Artillery came in to-day and gave themselves up. Mrs. Lacy, with her children, came here to-day and seemed to think there were too many around her house and was very much afraid some damage would be done.

May 11.-To-day being Sunday, not much business was done in the office. The Harris Cavalry made a reconnaissance down the river on the Fredericksburg side and had a skirmish with the enemy's pickets, capturing 12 privates and 1 officer. A telegram from Secretary of War was received about 6 p. m., announcing Norfolk and the Portsmouth navy-yard in our possession without much of any fighting, and the destruction of the Merrimac by the rebels before retiring. Captain W. Leski reported for duty on staff as aide-de-camp. Two contrabands came in to-night from five miles beyond Spotsylvania Court-House.

