HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Sulphur Springs, August 4, 1862.

Acting Brigadier - General CARROLL:

GENERAL: You will move with your brigade at 5 tomorrow morning on the road to Culpeper as far as Aestham River and encamp on this side. On arriving you will report to Brigadier - General Ricketts, who will be between you and Jefferson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton Springs, August 4, 1862.

Colonel DUFFIE,

First Rhode Island Cavalry, Rappahannock Station:

COLONEL: It is the direction of the major - General commanding that you hold yourself in readiness to march your regiment to Culpeper Court - house any time after tomorrow at noon. Meantime ascertain the best crossing place. Go below your present position to examine the fords. Captain Jewett, aide - de - camp, who is the bearer of this, will examine between this point and your present station, and will report the result for your information.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Harrison's Landing, va., August 5, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER COGGINS'POINT, JAMES RIVER, VA.:

SIR: The commanding general directs me to address you as follows in his name: Your command is to occupy the defenses on Cogginss Point, and in connection with the gun boats prevent the enemy approaching near enough to injure, with their guns, our shipping and camps; also to secure from injury working parties. Infantry pickets, with a few cavalry for messengers, will be posted sufficiently far in camps, and to give warning of the approach of parties too large to drive back or capture. Cavalry scouts in small force will daily be made to gain information of the enemy and pick up all persons found beyond our lines, and all strangers [black or white] and travelers. They will time their march so as not to pass the same points two days in succesion at the same hour, and will not enter houses. The commander will always caution his men never to permit themselves to be enticed from their duty or put off their guard by designind persons. Extended reconnaissances or reconnaissances in force will be directed from these headquarters. The camps of the troops will eb kept as much as possible out of sight of the enemy inder shelter from the enemy's fire by irregularities of the ground. The cavalry and artillery camps and horses should be well in rear of the works, and also under cover. The guns will always be in posotion; some to fire over the ground by Cole's Landing. The gun boats are stationed to render assistance by their fire, and any information of the approach of the

