
[CHAP. LXIII.

enemy should be made known to Captain Rodgers, commanding the Tioga and the co-operating fleet, and also of the location of the troops and batteries, and in case of a strong attack the pickets should retire in a manner known to him, so as not to be fired upon by his guns. The commanding officer will report by signal to the commanding general all information of importance, and send in every morning a report of what has passed through the preceding twenty - four hours. He will send here all persons arrested or coming into the lins. This letter will be delivered to the commanding officer who succeeds you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 35. Near Sperrville, Va., August 5, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. Major - General Banks, commanding Second Corps d' Armee, will move his command tomorrow to some point near Hazel River on the pike between Sperryville and Culpeper. He will there encamp the command and await further orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrneton Springs, August 5, 1862.

Colonel DUFFIE,

First Rhode Island Cavalry, Rappahannock Station:

COLONEL:

You will march tomorrow morning with your regiment to within a mile of Culpeper Court - House, being governed in selecting the place for your camp by the advantages it affords for your horses, &amp;c.

Respectfully,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Harrison's Landing, Va., August 6, 1862.

Brigadier General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Commander Coggins' Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have directed General Morell to send you two regiments or more, to nake at least 1, 000 men. Whit the force at yor disposal I wish you to attack the enemy at brick church and destroy or capture them os possible. Leave at the brast works a good support for the artillery and to hols the intrenchments. Use the cavalry to watch your flanks and extende reconnaissances on other roads. Since taking the initiative we have the morale over the enemy, and I doubt not, with the vim of the old division, your command will maintain it and inflict a severe blow of the enemy will stand long enough. The regiments will cross the river at 12 o' clock, when the water is high enough

