
for them to land. Ambulances will follow. I hope and except the success which pertains to all you undertake will attend you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major - General, Commanding.

I will try to send you some contraband guides. If the enemy occupy any house for defense, destroy it, leaving some indication why it was destroyed.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Numbers 103. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 6, 1862.

* * * * * * *

3. A force of two or more regiments from Morell's division, numbering together at least 1, 000 men, with the proper complament of officers, will cross the river this evening and report to General Butterfield for a few hours' duty. They will have thie boxes filled with ammunition and take rations with them. Trelve ambulances will follow the force at daybreak. The troops will embark from the ordnance dock at 12 p. m., landing at Coggin's Point.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major. General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistan Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Culpeper, August 7, 1862.

Brigadier - General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry, Ten Miles South of Culpeper:

GENERAL: It is the direction of the major - general commanding that you establish a line of estafets between these headquarters and your camp for the purpose of transmitting information promptly. Colon el Duffie's regiment has taken post at Vaughan's Mill and he has been ordered to occupy Raccoon Ford, picketing between it and his headquarters as well as on the roads which lead west from the road between Culpeper and Raccoon Ford. A sketch of the country in your vicinity is with the engineer who left here for your headquarters this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. CHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, August 7, 1862.

Colonel DUFFIE,

Commanding First Rhode Island Cavalry:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that the First Maine Cavalry has received orders to occupy Raccoon Ford and to do generally what you were instructed to do in my letter of the 6th

