
[CHAP. LXIII.

instant. He will now be on your left and you must search for him and his pickets in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - You will perceived from the above that you are not at Raccoon Ford, and from your statement to the genral just received you must be at the Rapidan crossing.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 8, 1862 - 12. 30 p. m.

[General E. D. KEYES:]

GENERAL: General Pleasonton reports from Haxall's at 11. 30 this evening that the enemy are reported as having been seen advancing toward Malvern Hill today, and his pickets have been pressed this evening by those of the enemy. The general commanding desires you to give instructions to that part of your command that is out in the direction of Nelson's farm to keep their pickets well out, and if they are approched by a large force to retire to your intrenchments. General Pleasonton has been instructed to fall back if he is pressed by the enemy in force. Your pickets should [as you are well aware] be vigilant during the night and in the morning.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,August 9, 1862 - 2 a. m.

The foregoing is communicated for the information and guidance of division commanders. The advanced guards and pickets will be instructed accordingly, and the utmost vigilance and care will be exercised.

By order of Major - General Keyes:

C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, August 8, 1862.

Brigadier - General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

SIR: It is the direction of the major - general commanding that you make frequent reports to these headquarters [until further orders] as often as every two hours. Take occasion to report briefly your position, that of your pickets and of your grand guard, certainly as often as they are changed. Never lose sight of the enemy and make accurate reports, if you can, of your position, numbers, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[Same to Colonel Allen and Colonel Duffie.]

[12.]

