HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper Court - House, August 8, 1862.

Brigadier - General BAYARD,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, ten Miles from Culpeper:

GENERAL: As yet the commanding general is without any definite report from you as to your position, &amp;c. He therefore desires you to report immediately the strength present of your command; the situation of your headquarters; the post of the Pennsylvania cavalry; the post of the New Jersey cavalry; the position of your grand guard, line of pickets, reserve, &c. You are required to pickets five miles east of the railroad, but as ColonelDuffie is now one mile east of the country in advance. The design of estafets is to facilitate communication between you and these headquaters. Posts at about three miles distant, occupied by sme five men each, furnish relays of carriers, and they enable prompt comunication to be made without injury to horses, &c. One man should be given not to go at a greater speed than six miles an hour, unless in cases of emergency.

Very respectfully, general, your obedietn servant,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Major and Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Numbers 106. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 9, 1862.

* * * * * * *

6. Brigadier - General Seymour will detail a brigade of at least

1, 5000 men to relieve the infantry commandnow at Coggins'point, under Brigadier - General Butterfield. The command will be rationed for three days, fully supplied with ammunition, and will bivouac. Take nine byt skelter - tents or anything which will encumber the command of required to march at short notice. The brigade quartermaster will provide 400 axes for fatigue purposes. The command will embark tomorrow at 5 a. m. from th ordnance wharf. Transportation will be provided by the quartemaster's department. The commanding officer will receive from Brigadier - General Butterfield the instructions for his guidance. Brigadier - General Butterfield on being relieved will return with his command to camp.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General F. J. PORTER:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Culpeper, Va., August 9, 1862.

Brigadier General J. B. RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

By directon of the major - general commanding I send you a company of Harris Light Cavalry with instructions for you to send them out on the Madison Court - House road at least five miles in front of your division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]

