
[CHAP. LXIII.
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 10, 1862.

Brigadier - General RICKETTS,

Commanding Division:

The major - general commanding directs that you establish a reliable line of pickets joining on to your next neighbor, and that you make, if possible, such an arrangement as will effectually prevent a stampede tonight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 108. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 11, 1862.

1. In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Brigadier - General Seymour will at once embark a brigade for aquia Creek, from which place the officer in command will report to Major - General Burnside for duty. The commanding officer will at once send his quartemaster to Colonel Ingalls, chief of quartemaster's department, or Captain Sawtelle, assistant quartemaster, and arrange to embark his men. Four days' provisions will be taken.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,August 12, 1862.

Brigadier - General JACKSON,

Commanding at Coggin's Point:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the six - gun battery now with your command be returned to this side of the river, the shipment to take place as early as possible this evening, but no movement to be made until the darkness shall be sufficient to hide to from observation. The other guns will be retained in position, and the places laft vacant by tthe withdrawal above orders shall be carefully masked. The commanding general further directs that all the cavalry now with you, except an officer and fifteen men, shall be shipped in the same manner as above prescribed and at about the same time. Transportation will be provided for your use immediately after dark. Timely notice will be given of any further movement that may be considered advisable. Meanqhile the commanding general desires that you will take every precaution to prevent any intimation of the changes herein ordered from becoming known even to person in your own command. You will please destroy this letter and silentry take the necessary measures, avoiding any accumulation of stores or property, and keeping your command well in hand for any emergency. The caissons of the remaining battery can be brought to a point of the plateau convenient to the landing. The battery which crosses will report to Colonel Hunt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KIRKLAND,

Captain and Aide - de - Camp.

[11.]

