HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Culpeper, August 12, 1862.

Brigadier General G. D. BAYARD,

Commanding Brigade:

The major - general directs that you move your brigade [leaving the First Maine behind] to the rear of Duffie's regiment, who is pressed by the enemy on the Raccoon Ford road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]

FALMOUTH, VA., August 13, 1862 - 11 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Colonel division will march at 7. 30 p. m., taking the road through Charles City Cout - house to Barrett's Ferry over the Chickahominy. Hunt's Reserve Artillery will follow Sykes'. Sykes will place a regiment in near of Hunt's batteries. Syke's wagons will follow the artillery. The artillery wagons will follow Syke's. Morell's division will march at 9 o' clock. The wagons aill follow the division. His leading brigade will guard the trains of artillery in advance of him. The whole command will half at 12 o' clock and rest for two hours. At 2 o' clock the leading division will march and follow verbal instructions from the commanding general. The other commands will resume the march at the same hour and be governed by verbal instruction. The commanding general will start with the last division and join the leading division. Captain Kirkland, aide - de - camp, will provide guides.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 110. Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 14, 1862.

1. The brigade and the artillery of McCall's division, now this side of the river, will embark for Aquita Creek on the Potomac, where they will report for duty to Major General A. E. Burnside.

2. Jackson's brigade, of McCall's divison, and the artillery attached to will receive orders hereafter direct from the headquarters of the Army of Potomac.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]

47 R R - VOL LI, PT I

