
[CHAP. LXIII.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA, Numbers 150. Flat Top Mountain, August 14, 1862.

1. The First Provisional Brigade will move to Camp Piatt, taking up its march at 3 o' clock tomorrrow morning. The detachment of Twenty - third Regiment at Pack' Ferry will thoroughly destroy all boats, large and small, in that vicinity, diong the same as secretly as possible after dark tonight.

2. Colonel Moor, with the Second Provisional Brigade, will move to Raleigh Court - House, starting at the time above ordered. At Raleigh he will leave the Thirty - seventh and Thirty - fourth Ohio, and proceed to Camp Piatt with the Twenty - eighth, Simmonds' battery, and Schambeck's cavarly. Captain McMahan's company, Second Virginia Cavalry, will accompany the Second Brigade and be under Colonel Moor's command to Raleigh, and will there report to Colonel Siber, Thirty - seventh Ohio Volunter Infantry.

3. The whole movement will be conducted in the best order possible, and the destination will be concealed from all except officers immediately and necessarily obliged to be informed. Each evening rations for the next day will be cooked, and tthe march will be commenced each morning at the same hour. Commandants of brigades will see that all possible means are taken to keep the columns well closed, to prevent straggling and make speed.

By command of Brigadier General J. D. Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,Captain and Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Berkeley, August 15, * 1862 - 1. 30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The advance corps and the trains are fairly started. I have nothing more in relation to reported advance of rebels via Jones' Bridge. Shall push the movement as rapidly as possible.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major - General.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 237. Camp near Harrison's Landing, August 15, 1862.

* * * * * * *

4. Major General Israel B. Richardson will resume command of his division, relieving Brigadier General George Stoneman, who will thereupon resume command of the division of cavalry, and immediately report in person at these headquarters for special instructions.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major - General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]

---------------

* So in McClellan's manifold dispatch book, but in Halleck's telegrams - received book, it is dated August 16, and is so printed in VOL. XII, Part III, p. 578.

---------------

