
General Patrick came very near getting shot. A horse immediately on his left was killed.

May 12.-The weather still continues warm and fine. General Wadsworth came down to-day and returned. Nothing of any special interest occurred during the day. The troops appeared in good spirits over the recent victories near Yorktown and Norfolk. Six of the trestles were put up to-night on the railroad bridges. Major Duffie's battalion was recalled to-day from Fredericksburg.

May 13.-A very warm day. General McDowell went this morning to see the bridges. General Seymour called this afternoon. General Van Rensselaer returned from Washington this afternoon. A letter from the War Department was received to-day revoking General Orders, Numbers 18, from that headquarters, so far as it relates to the appointment of officers in the militia regiments from the State of New York serving in this department. Captain St. Albe arrived to-day. General Hartsuff's brigade is on the march to this place from Catlett's. Four more trestles were put up to-day. Colonel Root's Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, came to Aquia Creek to-day.

May 14.-It rained most of the day. Three regiments of infantry and one of cavalry of Hartsuff's brigade arrived to-day. We got a mail at last to-day from Washington, not having any since last Friday. The Ninety-fourth New York and Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, of Ricketts' brigade, arrived to day from Aquia. A skirmish took place last night between Bayard's brigade and the enemy, who attempted to capture a schooner's, but after firing a number of rounds, retreated. No one killed on our side, but two wounded.

May 15.-The rainy weather still continues. General Patrick went to the front to-day and reports that two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry of the enemy came from the direction of Gordonsville and went in the direction of General Anderson's command. Lieutenant Wadsworth returned from the city this afternoon. General McCall came over this morning, looking better than I ever saw him.

May 16.-To-day has been a very busy day in the office. General Hartsuff called in during the day. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps arrived to-day from Catlett's and joined Hartsuff's brigade. General McDowell, with Major Brown, Lieutenants Cutting and Wadsworth, went to Washington in the afternoon. Ord's division organized.

May 17.-General McDowell in Washington. Locomotive passed over Potomac Creek bridge for the first time about 8 or 9 p. m. A stir of preparation commenced to-day. General Bayard's adjutant reported that the enemy came down last night quite strong and kept firing all night at our pickets, doing no damage.

May 18.-Although it is Sunday a good deal of business was transacted in the office during the day. General McDowell returned about 3 p. m. from Washington alone, leaving the aides who went with him in Washington. Shortly after his arrival a flag of truce came in - Captain Worthington, of General Anderson's staff - to find out in regard to the death of Mr. Scott, who was killed by two deserters of Blenker's division, and about his family. Captain Breck went to Fredericksburg to church this morning. Three trains from Aquia passed over the road to-day.

May 19.-Everything is being prepared for a move. The day has been very warm, and this evening had a short shower. The railroad bridge was so far complete as to be in readiness for the cars to pass

