
[CHAP. LXIII.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 16, 1862.

Major - General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

GENERAL: I hear that Brigadier General II. G. Wright is now in Washington and anxious for a command. It would be very gratifying to me to have him assigned to the command of my old division. Will you apply for him? I sent one brigade to Cedar Creek last night; the rest of my command are now ready to start. I am waiting the return of Lieutenant Mackenzie, of the Engineers, who is to guide the command; also for General Buford. If he cannot get ready today I shall leave without him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Major - General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 17, 1862 - 9 p. m.

General E. D. KEYES,

Commanding Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that your order General Peck to march his division with his train at daylight tomorrow morning, and send an officer to accompany Major Davis to select camps, and return to report to you before reaching the camp. General Franklin marches at the same time and General Couch will follow. It is important that General Peck should be prompt in starting. Major Davis, assistant inspector - general, is encamped nea my tent where you saw me this evening.

Very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[11.]

AUGUST 17, 1862 - 9. 30 a. m.

Major [HUEY]:

Your note of 8. 30 is received. Keep your position as long as you can. When compelled to fall back do it slowly, notifying the pickets on the first and second Long Bridge roads. I am at Mrs. Clarke's, and unless further orders require me, shall remain until 6 p. m. Let me know if anything important occurs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier - General.

[11.]

AUGUST 17, 1862.

Major HUEY,

Commanding Pickets:

MAJOR: I shall move from this at 6 p. m., at which time you can draw in your pickets, or keep them out till dark, as you may think best. Bring in with you the squadron, on the second Long Bridge road. Captain Gregg's squadron, on the second Long Bridge road, I have directed to fall back on Charles City at 6 p. m. and wait there until you come up. He will then join you. Keep a squadron a mole or two to your rear as you follow on, and let there be vedettes and flankers in

