
Allen's Landing or Wharf on James River [formerly King's Mill wharf], were destroyed or taken, the position could be turned. But as these works are small [the faces being of forty yards] they could be rebuilt in s short time. A similar remark is applicable to the two redoubts near the left of the line, one of which commands the crossing of a deep mill pond, the other [the one taken by General Hancock], the road at the point of departure of a branch road which passes through woods to the rear of the main work. Fort Magruder, the principal work, commands the main roads along James River and along York River leading to Williamsburg, which unite in one road near this fort, the two branches from these two roads being in like manner commanded by the redoubts seems to me necessary to destroy all the works named. The parapetof Fort Magruder is nine feet thick, about six feet high, with ditches nine feet wide and probably nine feet deep, filled with water. The interior crest is about 600 yards long.

I inclose a very inperfect photographic cope of a sketch exhibiting the position of Williamsburg, which is sufficiently corrett for the illustration of the subject of this letter.* There is some error of scale in that part of it west of Williamsburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier - General Volunteers, Commanding, Topographical Engineers.

[11.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 112. Camp at Newport News, August 18, 1862.

Morell's division will commence embarking tomorrow morning at

6 o' clock and continue embarking as rapidly as possible, the infantry from Newport News, the artillery from Hampton. As fast as a brigade has embarked, it will sail for Aquia Creek, where it will debark and be reported to Major - General Burnside by the division commander, or brigade commander if the latter be not present. If possible, at least two wagons will be taken with each regiment, brigade, and division headquarters. Two batteries of Hunt's reserve will embark at Hampton after Morell's batteries, the guns, &amp;c., going on the city of Norwich with those of Morell. These batteries will,, on arrival at Aquia Creek, be reported as part of the Reserve Artillery. All will debark as rapidly as possible after arrival and the vessels directed to return and report to the quartemaster at Fort Monroe. With such of the wagons as cannot be transported a suitable can be obtained. The arillery ammunition will be put in the schooners.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant - General.

[11.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 18, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. BAYARD:

You will concentrate the cavalry force to the corps, on the receipt of this, at the foot of Cedar Mountain, and you will be excepted to notify

