
train; and I have every reason to believe that General Stevens, with the other six regiments and the cavalry, have arrived at Barnett's Ford, as he was several hours in advance. Kelly's Ford is an admirable one, and advantegeously situated for defense, the hills on the north side commanding all the approaches, and a good road leads to Barnett's Ford of the north side, connecting the two fords, the distance being seven or eight miles apart. Our march was unmolested, the rebels not having made their appearance. Our wagon train got along admirably, every wagon having crossed before 10 a. m. Our pickets from Germanna Ford and below on the Rapidan report no movement of the enemy in their front.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. RENO,

Major - General.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VRGINIA,August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General R. KING,

Commanding Division:

You will half your command in the vicinity of this station and bivouacfor tthe night, not making any permanent arrangements. The position of the corps will be in the right of General Banks and you will be on the left of Ricketts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 19, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. BAYARD:

GENERAL: You will halt your command at Brandy Station and throw out large forces on the Raccoon ford, Somerville Ford, and Germanna Ford roads, picketing well in every direction.

By command of Major - General McDowell:

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]

[BALTIMORE, MD., August 19, 1862.]

Colonel D. S. MILES,

Haper's Ferry:

The major - general commanding directs that the greatest vigilance be exerciced by all the officers on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to prevent the breaking of the line of road or destruction of bridges. He allso empowers you to countermand his order to Colonel oss to recall his cavalry at Paw Paw if you deem it necessary.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant - General.

[12.]

