
be disturbed. You are to proceed to the south side of the river some three miles, to the support of a reconnaissance to be made by cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General KING,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In looking at the position of your troops this p. M., the major-general commanding regarded their order too much extended. It is therefore desirable and the general directs that you keep at least two of your brigades in reserve. General Pope thinks one brigade with artillery ought to be sufficient to guard the ford. One of the best should be used for this purpose and one of the best in reserve. The general noticed that all the fourbattalions of Hatch's brigade occupied the same general line. As it is the order of the Major-General-in-Chief Halleck, that every inch of ground shall be disputed with the enemy, it becomes necessary to make the disposition of your troops in such a way that only a part shall be engaged at the same time. As a general thing, which will admit of few exceptions, brigades should be drawn up in two lines, the second line being in double column at half distance, so as t best enable them to take advantage of the undulations of the ground to screen the men from the enemy's fire. Major Tillson will see this evening or early to-morrow morning that the two batteries received from Major-General Banks receive new ammunition. It is suggested that they be posted on the high ground which they first occupied this a. M., so they may shell the woods on the opposite side by firing over the heads of our men. It is suggested by the major-general commanding the army that your howitzers and Napoleon batteries be put closer to the ford, so as to sweep it, should the enemy attempt to cross. The general endeavored to see you this p. M. on the subject of his communication, but failed to do so. Please wirte if there is anything which strikes you as unsuited to the position your division is to occupy.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[12.]

ORDERS, HDQRS. DIV. PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CORPS, Numbers 70. Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., August 21, 1862.

Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Fifth Army Corpsthe undersigned hereby assumes command of this division. General Seymour is assigned to the command of Reynolds' brigade. The following changes in the organization of the division are ordered: Meade's brigade will be known as the First; Seymour's as the Second, and Jackson's as the Third. The Eleventh Regiment, Colonel Gallagher, is assigned to the Third Brigade, and its commanding officer will report to General Jackson. Commanders of brigades will cause the muster directed in paragraph 3, orders from the War Department, dated July 31, 1862, to be made at once and the rolls forwarded as directed therein.

