
They will also cause to be read at the head of every regiment orders Numbers 154, headquarters Army of the Potomac, which will be strictly enforced by all commanders. At the same time they are reminded that all existing orders of the division are in full force until otherwise changed.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[12.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS REYNOLDS' DIVISION, Numbers 71. Opposite Fredericksburg, August 21, 1862.

The First Rifle Regiment, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, is hereby assigned to the First Brigade, General Meade; and its commanding officer, Colonel H. W. McNeil, will report to Brigadier-General Meade.

By order of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

C. B. LAMBORN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS REYNOLDS' DIVISION, Numbers 72. Opposite Fredericksburg, August 21, 1862.

I. The troops comprising this division will hold themselves in readiness to move at short notice. Wagons will be furnished for transportation from the depot. But three wagons will be allowed to each regiment, of which two will be required to transport ammunition. The full amount of ammunition must be carried at all hazards. The surplus baggage may be placed in store in Falmouth.

II. The troops composing this division will be at once ordered under arms and take the road leading to Barnett's Ford, on the Rappahannock. The men will have three days' provisions in their haversakcs, and officers three days' forage. As soon as the wagons which will be furnished to the regiments are loaded and the brigades ready to move, the brigade commanders will report to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

CHARLES B. LAMBORN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, August 21, 1862.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: You can, if you deem it absolutely necessary, send two of the regiments at Cumberland and New Creek, leaving Mulligan's regiment and battery at New Creek, to defend the pass of Cheat Mountain. Under your command you have over 5,000 men. Can you not concentrate some parts of this force to defend the pass at Cheat Mountain? It will hardly be safe to take any of the troops this side of Cumberland. They are distributed all along the road to the Relay House.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[12.]

48 R R-VOL LI, PT I

