
Banks not good, which gave rise to the movements referred to above. Captain Hughes reported for duty on the staff.

May 26.-A reconnaissance was made on our front this morning. Nothing was seen of the enemy, our scouts going some eight or ten miles from Fredericksburg. General Reynolds' brigade crossed to Fredericksburg to relieve General Patrick. General McCall moved his headquarters to the Phillips House this morning. General McDowell, with Colonel Schriver, General Van Rensselaer, Major Brown, Captains Willard, Barstow, Cutting, and Wadsworth, left for Washington about 6.30 p. m.

May 27.-During the night had quite a rain-storm. About 11 o'clock it cleared away. At 11.15 a. m. orders were given to pack up and load up the wagons as soon as possible. At 3.15 p. m. the train started for Aquia, all going by the wagon road except Major Myers and the clerks and some of the servants who went by the cars. The wagons did not arrive until 9.30 p. m., and were then unloaded onto the platform-cars. From there they were taken to a ferry-boat, and then the ferry-boat went down to the North America, which hauled out into the stream where the baggage was put on board. It was about 12 o'clock when the boat started for Alexandria. The steamer had a full load, especially of darkies of all classes, sizes, and ages.

May 28.-Arrived at Alexandria about 5 a. m. this morning. Transferred the baggage to the cars, after which we went and got breakfast. Started for Manassas about 10.30 o'clock. At Fairfax Station, in running from the switch to the main track, the passenger car got off the track. Arrived at Manassas at 4.30 p. m. The officers came up with the train, also the clerks. The orderlies came by the wagon roads with the horses and arrived about 6 p. m. Headquarters were made at Mrs. Weir's place, about a mile from the depot. Shields' division went forward toward Manassas Gap this morning. Ricketts' brigade, of Ord's division, followed about 6 p. M.

May 29.-The weather still continues fine. Hartsuff's brigade followed on after Ricketts' this morning at daylight. The countersigns were sent out this morning for the following week. At 9 o'clock orders were given to pack up so as to be ready to move at 11 a. m. At that time all was ready and waiting for the order to move until 4 p. m., when orders came to take out the bedding only from the wagons for sleeping purposes and that we would start at daylight in the morning. Firing was heard throughout the day in the direction of the gap, or rather beyond.

May 30.-All hands were up and around early this morning, and the wagons and horses were sent down to the depot about 6 a. m. Did not get the whole lot loaded until 1.15 p. m. The general and staff went by a special train about 12 o'clock, taking private horses. The baggage train of nine cars started at 1.40 p. m. Made very slow progress, as it was heavily loaded; had to stop often to get up steam. General McDowell and staff arrived at Rectortown about 6 p. m.; terrible confusion. Staid all night with no baggage. Mrs. Hartsuff came up and saw her husband and returned on the same train, a special train to bring on Mr. Devereux, the railroad superintendent.

May 31.-The baggage and remainder of the staff arrived at Rectortown early this morning, when we unloaded the cars; the horses were harnessed, and about 11 a. m. the train started for Front Royal. From Piedmont the roads were very hilly and rough and the light wagon of Major Houston upset. The train made slow progress on account of the number of troops moving, and traveled until near midnight, and then

