HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp near Warrenton Junction, August 25, 1862-12 m.

[General BIRNEY:]

GENERAL: You will employ all the Second Pennsylvania Cavlary which I yesterday sent to the front for your purposes. The main party toward the Rappahannock bridge should be at least fifty to sixty men; the rest in small patrols, protecting our advanced infantry from being surprised. Two horsemen should be with all advanced outposts as messengers and some few (two to five) constantly moving between points from front to rear. The regiment at Bealeton Station is rather an ambush party (as against strong bodies). The troops in front, on the contrary, are intended to "impose," and should so move about as to represent numbers. It seems to me that Elkton is a dangerous point, and should be watched. A force of some 2,000 or 3,000 men trying to get in your rear from that point should be surprised by you with a flank attack.

Respectfully, yours,

PH. KEARNY,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Keep the Twentieth Indiana, but if the Eighty-seventh New York or Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers come along send them back to General Robinson.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Near Warrenton, Va., August 25, 1862.

Colonel BUTLER PRICE,

Second Pennsylvania Cavalry:

COLONEL: Your principle of action will be to patrol heavily in the daytime and rest your horses at night. At night organize your men to act on foot with their carbines. As General Robinson, whom I have placed in immediate command, delegates, Colonel Kane, of the Bucktails, will take charge on the Catlett side. You will concert with him as to a system of night defense.

Patrols.-Let your parties be of 50 to 100 horse. The distant ones about 100. These should go on main lines of direction and forward at least five miles, halting at cross-roads and these sending out small patrols or scouts to go two or three miles rapidly and return. The small guerrilla parties are to be expected from the west and northwest; the more serious (but less probable) attacks from the southeast via Weaversville and that vicinity. This day please to send out 100 horse by Bealeton, thence to Elkton, and then by roads to Weaversville. At Elkton send out small detachments to all points. Start shortly. Our infantry is at Bealeton, with parties in all directions. In case of finding the enemy in force report at once to the regiments at Bealeton and to General Birney.

PHIL. KEARNY,

Major-General, Commanding.

General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: The above is a copy of instructions sent this morning to Colonel Price.

Respectfully,

G. W. MINDIL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

