
dread and terror. This company was never placed under my command or I should have removed him from Loudoun County long since. In my last interview with him I warned him, from the loose, straggling manner he encamped and marched, he would be surprised and cut to pieces. The number of the enemy may be exaggerated; if true, it may turn out to be the left wing of Lee's army. What cavalry I have here are in saddle for Berlin, the nearest crossing place to Waterford, to ascertain the damage done to Means, and to protect the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; also to penetrate as far into Virginia as prudent, to gain information. There is no force on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from here to Point of Rocks to resist an attack of a large body of men; one company at Sandy Hook, one at Berlin, one at Point of Rocks, and another ten miles south at Edwards Ferry, belonging to Maulsby's regiment of Maryland Potomac Home Brigade. If the enemy is in force he can cross the Potomacanywhere. The small force of cavalry at my disposal, by constant hard work, is nearly broke down. I this moment received a dispatch from Means that he escaped from Waterford; that he was attacked by 500 guerrillas. For the last two days I have sent by the train on the Winchester railroad a company of infantry, and it has passed through unmolested. General White has just telegraphed that it is probable the train will be attacked to-day. I shall, however, risk it, believing one company in cars ought to whip a regiment of cavalry on horseback. I have now on the Winchester railroad one small regiment (Eleventh New York State Militia), whose time of service expires to-morrow, distributed as follows: Four companies at Charlestown, one at Cameron, one at Summit Point, and two at Opequon bridge. To keep the road open and admit the pasasge of cars with safety will require two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, under present aspect of affairs.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, August 27, 1862.

Colonel D. S. MILES,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

You can certainly guard the Winchester road. None of the three-months' militiamen will leave your command without orders from these headquarters.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, August 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: The general commanding's telegraph received sufficiently early to reply by mail. I have ordered and will leave here at 1 p. M. to-day 200 men under a field officer of the Eighty-seventh Ohio State Militia, and two 12-pounder smooth-bores, with a detachment from Captain Graham's company, with four days' rations. I have sent Captain Cole with about 100 cavalry to Waterford to get information of the enemy.

