
Five of Means' men, who were not sleeping with the company at the church, just arrived, and report that they know of some of their men who were wounded; that about fifty of Means' company were in the church, and when they left were still fighting. The general states he has sent me two strong regiments. I have received but one, and the men belonging to it never had a gun in their hands until the boxes were opened and muskets issued to them yesterday; nor does an officer of the command (except of two companies), as the colonel reports, know how to drill or anything about the drill. I have detailed, or rather they volunteered, four officers and four non-commissioned officers from the Twelfth and Twenty-second New York, each to instruct the companies of this regiment in the manual of loading.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[12.]

POINT OF ROCKS, August 27, 1862-7 a. M.

Colonel D. S. MILES:

Three of Captain Means' men are at my place. Their statement is that at daybreak this a. M. Captain Means and [company] were attacked by some fifty guerrillas in the town of Waterford. They give no information of the result of the attack. Will notify you if anything reliable received.

R. C. BAMFORD,

Captain, Commanding Company H, [First] Potomac Home Brigade.

[12.]

NEAR WATERFORD, August 27, 1862-a. M.

General D. S. MILES:

I am attacked by at least 500 guerrillas. They will kill all if I cannot get help. Let me know

S. C. MEANS,

Captain, Commanding.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, August 27, 1862.

Colonel A. VOSS,

Martinsburg Va.:

COLONEL: You will keep up an active vigilance and look out for guerrillas and see that they do not interfere with the railroad.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[12.]

ALEXANDRIA, August 28, 1862-10.40 a. M.

(Received 11.20 a. M.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Platt's battery (regular), Slocum's division, have arrived and nearly disembarked. One squadron Second Cavalry disembarked; another company disembarking now.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[12.]

