
sent to these two works. That Captain Ellis be held responsible for the destruction of Chain Bridge should the necessity arise, and that he be provided with had and tar for that purpose.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Alexandria, August 30, 1862.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Alexandria:

The general commanding directs that you immediately disembark the regiment which has arrived and encamp it a short distance beyond the town, on Little River turnpike, prepared to move to front at moment's notice. Please report what part of your division you expect this afternoon and during to-night and when you expect to have the whole up. Use every exertion to land and encamp your troops, and have them ready to move as fast as they arrive.

By command:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]

QUARTERMASTER'A DEPOT,

Alexandria, Va., August 30, 1862.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters:

One regiment only is disembarked and thrown forward, and others will be if the can do it for us to-night. One brigade only has arrived. I shall do all I can.*

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,[August] 30, 1862.

Colonel HAUPT:

There has been heavy and rapid firing in the direction of Fairfax for some time. I have sent out to ascertain what it is. I thought perhaps you might learn something by telegraphing to the front.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[12.]

[AUGUST 30], 1862.

General G. B. McCLELLAN:

We have not noticed any firing this morning. Persons about station of whom I inquired have not heard it. My train were started at 4.30 a. M. A courier came in from General Pope last night; he was at Centerville; the information was that Hooker was pushing the enemy toward the mountains and McDowell and Siegel cutting off his retreat. I understood that the parties had been sent to you. Dispatches from Pope to courier have gone to Washington.

H. HAUPT.

[12.]

---------------

*This in reply to Williams' dispatch of 10.10 p. M., VOL. XII, Part III, p. 751.

---------------

49 R R-VOL LI, PT I

