
take what you require applicable to your necessities, such as forage, &amp;c., which you will give proper certificates for and take up on your returns, accounting to the Government for the same, station from whom taken. Pillage is prohibited of every kind. You can appoint a provost-marshal to give passes for travel. All that obtain passes must take the oath of allegiance, exception being made to physicians and ministers of the Gospel, but they must sign a declaration not to reveal your position or strength to the enemy, or give him any information whatever. You can also permit ladies to visit in the neighborhood, but not to carry mails or contraband of war. Besides breaking up the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry the primary object assigned you is the protection of the Winchester railroad. But one train at present runs on it, leaving here at 2 p. M.; it goes guarded with a company of infantry. Have a company sent east and west on the railroad to be three to five miles from your station at such hours as to secure the train in case of attack. The train returns from Winchester in the morning, passing your post about 9 o'clock. Please, colonel, furnish as early as possible a monthly return of your regiment, with a roster of the officers, and every five days and consolidated morning report, being on the 4th, 9th, 14th, 19th, 24th, and 29th.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &c.,

H. M. BINNEY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, August 31, 1862.

Captain H. A. COLE,

Maryland Cavalry, Bolivar, Va.:

CAPTAIN: You will to-morrow morning, with the whole of your cavalry, take the shortest route to Waterford, and take up Captain Means' company of rangers. Direct him to make and send to me at this place a monthly return of his company, one to the Adjutant-General at Washington City, and one to assistant adjutant-general at Baltimore. Every five days a consolidated morning report-4th, 9th, 14th, 19th, 24th, 29th. Take with you five days' rations, and depend upon foraging your horses in the country, giving receipts for all you take. Stop all marauding, if you have to shoot. Your principal object is to watch the movements of the enemy skedaddling from Manassas and Aldie, who will try to pass from Aldie to Snickersville. Capture all stragglers and burn up all the baggage you take, except wagons which you may be able to get off with. Destroy all arms you capture, if you can't bring them off. Be careful when you scout toward Snicker's Ferry that you do not mistake Colonel Davis' Eighth New York Cavalry for the enemy and fire into each other. Keep these headquarters advised of what you hear and see. If pressed by the enemy fall back on Berlin or Point of Rocks. You must visit Leesburg and drive out the small cavalry picket at that place, but take care and not be captured yourself. Should you meet with Colonel Davis, commanding Eighth New York Cavalry, obey his orders and such instructions as he may give you, but show him your orders if he wishes to take you out of Loudoun County. This is communicated by the order of Colonel Miles.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. BINNEY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[12.]

