
WASHINGTON, D. C., September 1, 1862-11.20 p. M.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistnat Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac, near Alexandria, Va.:

The commanding general directs that you move headquarters to this place early to-morrow morning. Please direct Captains Lowell, Abert, Forsyth and Gentry to report at the general's quarters here by 9 o'clock to-morrow morning prepared to inspect new troops.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Alexandria, September 1, 1862.

Brigadier General J. G. BARNARD,

Commanding Military Defenses, Washington:

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Warner, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, has been ordered to proceed to Arlington with the detachment of recruits and convalescents under his command, and report for duty to Brigadier-General Whipple. They will go in the morning as soon as they get ammunition. Colonel Allbach's brigade, now in front of Fort Ward, &amp;c., has been ordered to report to Colonel R. O. Tyler, for duty as part of the garrison of the works. Its position is not changed by the order. The brigade consists of the One hundred and twenty-third, One hundred and thirty-first, One hundred and thirty-third, and One hundred and thirty-fourth Pennsylvania. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler has been ordered to report his brigade to you for orders. It consists of the Ninety-first, One hundred and twenty-sixth, and One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, with a section of Battery C, First New York Artillery.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,September 1, 1862-5.30 p. M.

Colonel R. O. TYLER:

(Care General Williams, assistant adjutant-general, near Alexandria.)

The general commanding desires you to turn over such of the material of your siege trian as may be indicated by General W. F. Barry as necessary for service in the forts.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[12.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 5. Washington, September 1, 1862.

I. The fortifications and troops guarding the lines from Fort Blenker to Fort Lyon are hereby made to constitute an independent command, under the orders of Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury.

The troops subject to his command will consist of his own brigade, the regiment of Colonel Tyler, the brigade of Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, the

