HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 2, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT ALEXANDRIA:

Major-General McClellan desires you to post strong guards on all the avenues of approach from the front to prevent stragglers coming from the front. Organize if possible, stragglers into companies. Use strong measures to do this. Men with arms can be made useful. Those without arms may be put to work, if work can be had for them.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(Same to General Cox, Upton's Hill; Colonel Allabach, commanding brigade, care Captain Ferguson, quartermaster, at Alexandria.)

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 2, 1862-9.35 a. M.

General PLEASONTON:

(Care Captain Ferguson, assistant quartermaster, Alexandria.)

The general commanding desires you to have all the cavalry possible to mount that you can muster, and meet the general at Fort Albany in an hour or so.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-colonel Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,September 2, 1862-2 p. M.

General A. PLEASONTON:

(Care of Captain C. B. Ferguson,

Assistant quartermaster, Alexandria, Va.)

General McClellan wishes to collect the Eighth Illinois Cavalry at Upton's Hill, and directs that your order the portion of the regiment that arrived at Alexandria this morning to report as soon as practicable to General Cox. You will give a like destination to the portions of the regiment yet to arrive. General McClellan further directs that you establish your headquarters at once between Forts Runyon and Albany, and locate a cavalry camp under the cover of the works, where you will assemble as they arrive the troops belonging to the two brigades of cavalry, the Eighth Illinois excepted. Please acknowledge, and furnish these headquarters with the precise location of your camp.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Please send the same to General Pleasonton at fort Albany.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 2, 1862-3.15 p. M.

Colonel H. HAUPT,

Superintendent Military Railroads:

The general commanding desires you to remove all the material from Fairfax Court-House as rapidly as possible. The army has orders to

