
General McDowell started for Washington about 5 p. m., taking Major Brown and Captains Drouillard, Cutting, Wadsworth, and Willard.

June 7.-During the fore part of the day it was clear and very warn; had quite a shower about 6.30 p. m. General Ord went to Washington about 6.30 this afternoon. Captain -, of Fremont's staff, staid with us all night. Lieutenant Benkard reported this afternoon that King's division was at Warrenton. He is going to remain here over night.

June 8.-Orders were received this morning to move headquarters. Packed up and started about 9 a. m., laving Doctor Magruder behind to attend to getting off the sick men. We got along very well considering the terrible roads we had to travel, and encamped about 6 p. m. near Piedmont Station. This is the first day in two weeks that it did not rain a thunder shower in the evening. General McDowell still in Washington. After marching two or three hours a telegram was received on the road directing Colonel Schriver to stay; Captain Barstow staid with him.

June 9.-Morning clear and fine. All hands up at daylight; cooks at work getting breakfast. Packed up and started for Thoroughfare Gap, by way of Salem, at 6 a. m. The road for the most part of the way was very fair, and we got along first rate. Reached the gap about 12.30 p. m., and continued our march for about two miles east of the same. We halted about 2 p. m. and formed camp for the night. The general and officers of the staff who went with him to Washington still absent.

June 10.-Morning cloudy, with a light sprinkling of rain. Started about 6 a. m. for Manassas. The staff went ahead of the train and arrived at Manassas about 9 a. m., making their headquarters at Mrs. Weir's house. The train did not arrive for some time afterward. It rained very hard most all of the way, which left the roads in a terribly bad condition. Every one was thoroughly wet. Heard on our arrival that General Bayard had a skirmish with the enemy (Jackson) in which he lost a number of men and officers in killed, wounded, and prisoners, among them Colonel Windham, First New Jersey Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Kane, of the Bucktail Battalion. General McD. and escort still absent in Washington. Doctor Magruder arrived from Front Royal in the evening by railroad.

June 11.-The morning looked cloudy and like rain. Set up the office in a corn-crib and transacted a little business. Received a box of stationery from Colonel Rucker. Nothing of importance transpired to-day. Every one seemed fatigued after yesterday's march. General McDowell and staff returned from Washington about 7 p. m., bringing some strangers with them, Mr. Doremus and ex-Governor -, of New Jersey.

June 12.-The day was fine and warm. Nothing of importance occurred worth note. In the afternoon Captain Willard, Captain Haven, and Major Brown rode over to the Bull Run battle-field. General McDowell staid at headquarters all day.

June 13.-Morning very warm and cloudy; looked like rain. Nothing of any importance occurred during the day. In the afternoon Major Breck and Captain Paine went to Washington. A heavy thunder shower came up in the evening; it rained very hard for an hour or so.

June 14.-The weather still very warm. Nothing new to-day. Quite a number of officers from Shields' division, who were wounded in the battle of Port Republic, came to headquarters and applied for leave of absence; some for discharges. Major B[reck] still absent.

