
be kept at work on the rifle-pits, though they must be instructed to be on the lookout, that they may readily be able to join their corps when occasion may require.

By command:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS,Washington, September 2, 1862-5.30 p. M.

Colonel R. O. TYLER,

First Connecticut Artillery, near Fort Worth:

(Care Captain C. B. Ferguson, assistant quartermaster, Alexandria, who will at once send the message to Colonel Tyler.)

COLONEL: General Barnard reports that the siege guns on the barges have not yet been sen to the Washington Arsenal. It is highly important that this should be done immediately. The necessary towage must be furnished by Captain Ferguson immediately. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[12.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 2, 1862-11.10 p. M.

Colonel R. WILLIAMS,

Alexandria, Va.:

Instructions as to the duty required of your command were sent to Major Higginson, of your regiment, a short time since. They were, in general terms, to watch all the fords on the Potomac between Great Falls and Harper's Ferry, as it is not improbable that the enemy may make an attempt to cross to-night. Not a moment must be lost in starting off your command, and it must go fast.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 2, 1862-11.40 p. M.

General J. E. WOOL,

Baltimore, Md.:

It has been reported here that the enemy threatens to cut the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad near Baltimore very soon by a sudden raid of cavalry.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[12.]

HARPER'S FERRY, September 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

Colonel Faskin, Eighty-seventh Ohio, Point of Rocks, reports that Captain Cole, with his command and Means' company, attacked a rebel force near Leesburg about noon to-day; that the enemy overpowered our force, which retreated in every direction. Several were killed; twenty arrived at the Point of Rocks with four wounded; also, either

