
June 15.-The day was very warm, with a light breeze. Nothing of importance transpired to-day. The general staid at headquarters all day. Captain Paine returned from Washington this afternoon.

June 16.-The First Rhode Island Cavalry, ordered from General Shields' division, reported at headquarters this day; rather a hard looking set. The general seemed very much displeased with their looks. They were ordered to camp any place not nearer than a mile to headquarters.

June 17.-Very warm and sultry. Everything quiet. Some talk of moving, but nothing definite yet heard. In the afternoon two of our orderlies arrested a man named Granville W. Kelly, about two miles south of Culpeper. He had a large amount of Confederate bonds on his person, and was making his way south. He was kept at headquarters all night, and will be sent to Washington to-morrow.

June 18.-Everything quiet and no sign as yet of moving. In the afternoon, while the general was reviewing the Rhode Island cavalry, his horse took fright and threw him off, falling on him heavily. The general seemed to be very much hurt, and for some time was quite delirious, but strong hopes are entertained for his speedy recovery. Major Breck returned from Washington about 3 p. m. to-day.

June 19.-The President and Secretary of War arrived about 2 p. m. in a special train to see the general, who is much better to-day. They returned to Washington in the afternoon.

June 20.-Northing of importance transpired to-day. The weather still very warm. The general feels much better to-day, and hopes to be able to be around in a short while. Captain Barstow returned from Washington this evening. Captain Flamen Ball reported for duty on the staff.

June 21.-Weather still fine and very warm. Part of Shield's division arrived at Manassas and went to the east side of Broad Run to encamp. Secretary Seward and some friends came to see the general, who is getting along finely. No news of any importance from Banks or Fremont. Everything quiet.

June 22.-Captain Howard Stockton reported for duty this morning as additional aide-de-camp to the general commanding; appointment dated 9th of June, on the staff of General Wool.

[12.]

APRIL 5-MAY 4, 1862.-Siege of Yorktown, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Charles D. Jameson, U. S. Army, of skirmish April 11.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HAMILTON'S DIVISION,Camp near Yorktown, April 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders from the general commanding division, my brigade, with the exception of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Hays, which was on picket duty in front of this division, was placed under arms at about 4 o'clock yesterday p. m. and moved out into the open field north of my encampment. After remaining there some half-hour I moved out on the Warwick road to sustain our pickets on the left of the line. After placing the men under cover of the woods, I made a reconnaissance in person of the whole left of our line and was unable to perceive any serious cause for alarm. A small detachment of the enemy came out

