
please state what they are by telegraph. General Sigel is charged with the defense of the roads approaching the Chain Bridge. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, September 6, 1862-12.05 p. M.

Brigadier-General BAYARD,

Upton's Hill:

If your pickets have been withdrawn in accordance with General McDowell's order, the commanding general directs that you at once reoccupy the same picket-line. It wasnot intended that you should march with the Third Corps, and if not stated in the order it was an accidental omission.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, September 6, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHITE,

Martinsburg, Va.:

Our communication with Baltimore and Washington cut off. I authorized the provost-marshal to exact the oath of allegiance to all persons who desired passes and to stop the many Belle Boyds of Martinsburg from carrying news, as it was the grand focus and starting point for Southern mails by females. General A. P. Hill, with his division, is encamped at Lovettsville, about seven miles from here, and intrenching. I shall expect by to-morrow he will commence hammering at me. Frederick is occupied by the enemy in force. A report has reached me that a column is marching around somewhere to take Williamsport. Look out for squalls.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., September 6, 1862.

Colonel WILLIAM P. MAULSBY,

First Maryland Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade, Knoxville, Md.:

COLONEL: Captain Cole and his command will operate on the river as far as Berling to keep open and up the communication from that point, of the whereabouts of the enemy, and this place. You must place your command on the river to guard the fords, and, as I previously directed, as near the ford of Sandy Hook as you can get to command it and the roads leading to Maryland Heights. Collect your regiment (the five companies, C, d, e, and G). Captain Faithful is marching to join you from Frederick. Send for Captain Yellott. Captain Bamford, I have been informed, abandoned his post at Berling and has gone somewhere. There will be a day of reckoning with those who fail to obey orders or by abandonment of positions without orders or necessity. The position of Sandy Hook is to be held if it takes half of the force

