
at this post, and you will not abandon it. The cannon you ask for is with Colonel Banning, who will deliver them to you when he is obliged to retreat before the enemy as far as Sandy Hook. Obtain forage for your animals in your neighborhood, and if you can purchase any considerable quantity of corn do so, and notify Captain Rutherford, employing your teams to haul it to the railroad. Vermont and Maryland cavalry are stationed on Maryland Heights, reconnoitering roads leading off of it in every direction; don't mistake them for the enemy. When Bannin is obliged to retreat as far as Sandy Hook, you will retain Cole.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry.

P. S.-I understand from Lieutenant Willman that there are a number of contraband negroes at Sandy Hook. Direct your provost guard to seize them, and march them up here for enrollment to work on fortifications. I want 500 if they can be found.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, September 6, 1862.

Colonel BANNING,

Eighty-seventh Ohio Regiment, Berling, Md.:

COLONEL: Your communication received. General Hill has fortified Lovettsville as a place of deposit and is foraging. He will never offer to cross the river where there is a show of resistance. Hold on and give him a shell or so to let him know you are about; but defend you place as long as you can. Only at Berlin, near Knoxville, and at Sandy Hook can he pass. If you have to fall back, stop at Sandy Hook; that place is to be defended at all hazards. Colonel Maulsby is there and collecting his regiment. The two howitzers are to be left with him. Make the captains of the canal-boats bring their boats back to this place before the enemy should get them and burn them. If they are loaded with grain (corn and oats) have them to subscribe to the oath of allegiance, and make yourself satisfied they are not spies. Perhaps they have to run to keep from taking the Southern oath, and in fear if they take ours they will lose their property. In that case let them go, taking their obligation not to aid or abet those in rebellion.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. MILES.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 6, 1862.

Major M. SCOTT,

Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Hagerstown, Md.:

MAJOR: Have the stores moved at once to Chambersburg.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[19.]

