HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, SEptember 6, 1862.

Major M. SCOTT,

Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Hagerstown:

MAJOR: Go with your supplies at once to Chambersburg if it is not too late. I have already telegraphed to Lieuetnant Crosby to go there with his two Parrott guns and supplies. Tell him this, if he has not received my orders already.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 6, 1862.

Lieutenant F. B. CROSBY,

Hagerstown, Md.:

(Via Harrisburg, Pa.)

LIEUTENANT: Send the two Parrott guns and all surplus supplies to Chambersburg. You had better hasten as soon as possible to Chambersburg. I must leave the matter to your discretion, to be governed by the movments of the enemy. Answer immediately.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 4. Washington, September 7, 1862.

* * * * *

3. The One hundred and sixteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is relieved from the operation of Special Orders, Numbers 3, of the 6th instgant, from these headquarters, and will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Haskin, in charge of certain works around Washington.

* * * * *

5. During the absence of the chief quartermaster with the army in the field, Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, will act in his name in all matters requiring attention connected with the furnishing of supplies to the army from this point.

6. The One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Chapman Biddle, is assigned to Franklin's corps, which it will join without delay at or beyond Rockville.

7. During the absence of the major-general commanding from Washington the immediate command of the defenses of the capital is assigned to Major General N. P. Banks, who while exercising said command will be relieved from the command of his corps.

* * * *

9. Captain Richard B. Irwin, aide-de-camp, will remain at headquarters in this city until further orders in charge, as acting assistant adjutant-general, of such matters as may require attention at this point. Commanders of troops in and near the defenses of Washington will for the present continue to make to headquarters in this city the returns and reports which by existing orders they are required to render.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

