
would send out a cavalry reconnaissance in force to Smithfield to-morrow morning, and that he will send out a cavalry force to form a junction with the force from Brigadier-General White at Smithfield, and desires you to send your cavalry in that direction. Should there be an attack upon you in force you will back on Maryland Heights, by way of Shepherdstown. This maynot become a necessity for a day or so, but by day after to-morrow he anticipates it will become a necessity. But hold on to the railroad to the last moment; it is important to get our supplies from Cumberland to-morrow evening.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

John L. WILLMAN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 123. Fort Corcoran, Va., September 8, 1862.

* * * *

2. Brigadier General A. W. Whipple is assigned to the command of Sturgis' division, consisting of Piatt's and Tyler's brigades, now on or near Columbia turnpike, in rear of Fort Richardson. He will also until further orders include in his command the brigade of Colonel Allabach. Without waiting for the commanders to report, he will see that they are properly posted in compliance with instructions from the commanding general. The One hundred and twenty-third, One hundred and thirty-first, One hundred and thirty-third, and One hundred and thirty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers will be formed into a brigade, under the command of the senior colonel (Allabach). The brigade commander will at once see that his regiments are supplied with forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and have always on hand at least three days' provisions, and put in order for active service. An additional supply of forty rounds will be kept in wagons.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Fort Corcoran, Va., September 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General Whipple has been assigned to the command of the division composed of Piatt's and Tyler's brigades and the control of Allabach's brigade at or near the Seminary. These brigades are designed to hold the rifle-pits and defend the works from Fort Craig through Forts Ward, Worth, &amp;c., to Fort Ellsworth, the exterior line being the essential one. This division will be posted so that at very short notice it can occupy its line of battle, and at the same time be held ready to push out on the Columbia turnpike. Allabach's brigade will be similarly posted and held ready to push out on the Leesburg or Little River turnpike. Allabach will picket on the Little River pike and railroad, having the main guard at the crossing of Cameron and Holmes' Run. The advanced guard and pickets will be thrown well forward toward Annandale and Padgett's Tavern, where cavalry pickets will be stationed. Whipple's division will hold Bailey's Cross-roads as an outpost and extend the advanced guard and pickets toward Padgett's Tavern and Munson's Hill. Morell's division will defend the forts and line the rifle-pits from Fort Craig to Fort De Kalb, and the

