
about 3 p. m. and fired a house standing opposite the extreme left of the rebel earth-works, visible from the Warwick road; that seemed to be the principal cause for the alarm. I was about to order my brigade back to camp when I heard considerable firing of musketry on the right of our line of pickets near the Yorktown road and perceived quite a number of Berdan Sharpshooters and pickets running out of the woods. I immediately ordered the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Campbell, and the Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Dodge, down the Warwick road to that point. Upon arriving near the Yorktown road I ordered six companies of the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to proceed through the woods to a peach orchard on the left of the Yorktown road, the point from which the firing proceeded; the remaining four companies of the Fifty-seventh I ordered to move up the Yorktown road, as I was informed the rebels were advancing on that road. The Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers I ordered to remain in the road in rear of the woods, Their right resting on the Yorktown road, as a reserve. During the whole time I was moving these regiments there was a sharp firing of musketry kept up between the rebels in the peach orchard and our pickets. Immediately upon the advance of the Fifty-seventh, the rebels fell back precipitately; we pursued them until they were beyond range of our picket-line. I them ordered the Fifty-seventh to return into the woods in rear of the peach orchard. Not anticipating any further trouble on our line that night, I ordered the Eighty-seventh New York Volunteers and the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers back to camp. The Fifty-seventh remained on the ground until the section of artillery, which had been stationed on the right of the Yorktown road, could retire under cover of darkness. It then returned to camp, arriving there about 8 p. m. There were about 500 rebels engaged in the skirmish in the peach orchard, and, I should judge, about one regiment held in reserve. The following is a list of the wounded in the Fifty-seventh Regiment, viz, Sergt. Samuel Mervin, Company E, received a serious wound in the scrotum and thigh; Corpl. Ira E. McKnight, Company B, slight wound in the leg; Sergt. John Cochran, Company F, seriously wounded in the leg below the knee; Corpl. John W. Parks, Company E, very slight would in the leg. I am unable to state what damage the enemy suffered. As Colonel Hays, of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, will report directly to you as picket officer, I have omitted any mention of his regiment in this report.

C. D. JAMESON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Carl Stephan, Thirteenth New York Infantry, of operations April 4.-12.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,FIRST BRIGADE, PORTER'S DIVISION,

Camp Winfield Scott, near Yorktown, April 13, 1862.

In pursuance of circular received at these headquarters this morning I hereby submit a record of events of this regiment since leaving camp near New Market, Va., on the 4th instant:

The regiment took up the line of march from the camp near New Market at 7 a. m. on Friday, April 4, having the right of the brigade,

