
brigades will be posted so as to move easily on the Columbia pike or the road from Fort Corcoran to Upton's Hill. This division will hold Upton's Hill as an advanced post and picket to connect with guards from Forts Marcy and Ethan Allen. Bayard's cavalry will connect with Sigel's cavalry on the right and picket from Lewinsville to the dirt road to Fairfax Court-House and connect with Buford's cavalry on the left. Buford's cavalry will connect with Bayard's cavalry on the right and picket to Padgett's Tavern on Little River turnpike and thence to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. The cavalry will patrol the roads and keep under observation the country in their front, as far as consistent with the strength of their animals, to ascertain the proximity and location of the enemy. The cavalry will communicate information of the approach of an enemy, Bayard to commander at Upton's Hill, Buford to commander at Cloud's Mill. Each commander will provide daily at the advanced guard of infantry messengers to communicate with the main guards in their rear. No persons will be permitted to pass out of the lines, except by authority of the major-general commanding or superior authority. All persons coming in will be taken to the nearest commander, and the name and circumstances of the arrest reported to these headquarters. If of importance the persons will be sent in under guard.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

WASHINGTON, September 8, 1862-8.20a. M.

General SYKES,

Commanding Regulars, Tennallytown:

The commanding general directs that you move on with your command to Rockville this morning.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 8, 1862-9.30 p. M.

Colonel D. S. MILES:

Keep us informed of whatever occurs in your vicinity.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Rockville, Md., September 8, 1862-8.50 p. M.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

I am endeavoring to get all the information about the movements of the rebel army possible, but as yet this information comes to me from unreliable sources, and is vague and conflicting. My army is in position to perform the best service in frustrating any schemes the enemy may have, whether they advance on Washington or into Pennsylvania You may rely upon my using my best endeavors to defeat them wherever they go. You will confer an especial favor if you will take steps to obtain all possible information of the enemy's movements and communicate them to me should he advance toward your State.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[19.]

