
established, especially in front of Sigel and Abercombie, where there still eems to be some difficulty. Please order a battery to relieve Battery A, First Virginia Artillery, under General Slough, near Ellsworth, and direct the latte rto join General Sigel, to whose corps it belongs. General Slough should be relieved from commanding the front to enable him to give undivided attention to his duties as military governor of Alexandria. Please give the necessary orderse to that effect. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN.

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Rockville, September 11, 1862-12 m.

Captain C. G. SAWTELLE,Numbers 221 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington:

Instead of proceding to Poolesville via Offutt's Cross-Roads and Seneca, Peck's division will march immediately upon its arrival, to Rockville where it will find orders for its further movements.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY.

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Rockville, September 11, 1862-1.15 p. M.

Major-General SUMNER:

(Via Clarksburg.)

GENERAL: The general commanding desires to know the state of affairs with you. He directs you to endeavor to co-operate with Franlin in taking the Sugar Loaf by pushing a brigade or two on its rear via Hyattstown, first ascertaining whether their eis any strong force at Urbana. The road to Urbana should be examined with a viwe to moving there should Burnside reach New Market. You will not move there, however, till further orders, but still hold yourself ready for such a movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp at Middleburg, September 11, 1862-7 p. M.

Major General E. V. SUMNER.

Clarksburg:

GENERAL: The general commanding wishes you, unless you receive other orders during the night, to move you rcorps and that commanded by General Williams to urbana at daylight to-morrow morning. Franklin will move up to your left, Couch will occupy Barnesville. Franklin has taken Sugar Loaf Mountain. The commanding general wishes you to post General Williams near the point on the Monrovia and New Market road where the road to Ijamsville leaves, it about two miles from

