
with him, to instruct him to co-operate with you in taking the Sugar Loaf by pushing a brigade or two on its rear via Hyattstown, first ascertaining whether there is any strong force at Urbana, the road to which should be examined with a view of moving thither should Burnside reach New Market. In this case the general would push Couch to Barnsville, yourself near Urbana, BAnks moving to the same vicinity but between sumner and Burnside. The general desires to impress upon you the necessity of gaining the Sugar Loaf if possible, and of your being ready to move to your right if necessary. Communicate by telegraph to this point, as also by courier to Middleburg and Clarksburg, as the general commanding may be at eithe rone of these points to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S. - Be ready to move to Urbana is case Burnisde should reach New Market.

R. B. M.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Middlebrook, September 11, 1862-7 p. M.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN, Barnesville:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you move your corps at daylight to-morrow morning to a point about two miles from Urbana, on the road leading from Urbana to Buckeystown, where a road crosses it coming from the direction of Ijamsville. Sumner will be on your right, near Urbana; Williams on his right, upon the road leading to Monrovia and Ijamsville; Burnside at New Market and Couch at Barnesville. It has been moved toward Hagerstown but the commanding general wishes you in advancing from your present position, to keep scouts and advanced guards well to your front, adn to move cautiously.

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Camp near Rockville, September 11, 1862-1 a. M.

Major-General COUCH, Poolesville:

Remain at Poolesville and watch all fords in vicinity. Franklin is ordered to carry Sugar Loaf if possible to-morrow.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY,Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Rockville, September 11, 1862-12.45 p. M.

General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Division, Poolesville:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires to know how strongly you picket the Potomac. He also desires you to hold your command

