
company rejoined them at 7.30 p. m. Sunday, 6th, lay quiet until 3 p. m., when the battalion moved a short distance to the right with the brigade. The quartermaster this night about 12 o'clock came in with regimental property and rations. Monday, 7th, regiment lay as before. At dark 400 men, under Major Schoeffel, relieved the pickets on the brigade front of the Twenty-second Massachusetts. A heavy cold rain set in as they moved off. Companies A, F, and D, under command of Captain Sullivan, were deployed and placed on the outposts, concealed behind a fence on the other margin of a peach orchard 800 or 900 yards from the enemy's line. Company C, under command of Captain Geck, was posted in the corner of the peach orchard, about 300 yards in rear of the line of the posts constituting the first reserve. Company I, under command of Lieutenant Hedges, was posted about 200 yards in the rear from Captain Geck, on the edge of the woods, constituting the second reserve. The remaining companies, under command of Captain Hyland, constituted the main reserve and were about 150 yards in rear of the second reserve. The storm continued during the twenty-four hours the regiment was on duty and was very cold and severe on the men. During the night the enemy kept up a fire on our posts without doing any damage or provoking a return except in two instances. The enemy kept up fires on their lines, and by [the aid of] reflectors or in some way endeavored to illuminate our line. No fires anywhere on our lines were allowed. At daylight and during the day our pickets returned the enemy's fire and quite a brisk discharge was kept up. None were injured on our side during the twenty-four hours except Private Flannery, of Company F, who was accidentally shot in the arm by his own rifle. The relief of the Second Maine arrived about 5.30 p. m., and the battalion returned to camp about 8 p. m. The commanding officer made efforts to obtain whisky rations for the men in consequence of the exposure they had undergone, but without success.

Wednesday, 9th, the storm continued. Regiment remained in its position throughout the day. At 10.30 p. m. the line was formed in consequence of a picket alarm, and remained under arms in close column of company near our camp about one hour and a half, when the regiment was dismissed to quarters. Thursday, 10th, moved camp with the brigade about one mile and a half east of south and within a short distance of York River. Friday, 11th, 200 men of the regiment, under orders of Major Schoeffel, were detailed on picket duty. Reported at 8 a. m. to Lieutenant-Colonel Griswold, of Twenty-second Massachusetts Regiment, in command of the picket. Moved at 11 a. m. to the line and relieved the picket of General Morell's brigade, having a position to the right of that occupied by the picket of the regiment on the 7th and 8th instant. The Twenty-second Massachusetts connected with that line of pickets and ran to a point about half a mile from the pickets of General Butterfield, being posted on the outer edge of a ravine and concealed in the woods connected with the right of the line of Twenty-second Massachusetts. Major Schoeffel posted our pickets similarly to the right until connected with those of General Butterfield, being five posts. The outposts and reserve of those outposts were under command of Captain Wood, assisted by Lieutenants Gilbert and Cooley, the lieutenants remaining with the first reserve on the outer edge of the ravine and slightly in rear of the left post, and Captain Wood remaining with the second reserve on the opposite side of the left post, and Captain Wood remaining with the second reserve on the opposite side of the ravine and about six rods farther from the posts. The remaining portion of the regiment, about 150 men, were

