
if any force of the enemy has moved in that direction with a view of getting in our rear. General Burnside has been directed to march at daylight in the morning, should the main body of the enemy have moved toward Hagerstown along the National road, and to take possession, if possible of the pass of that road through the Cotactin range of mountains, so as to enable your cavalry to debouch into the Catoctin Valley beyond. Please communicate and co-operate with him. Ascertain if possible, the state of affairs at Harper's Ferry, and communicate the result of your investigations to these headquarters at Frederick. Governor Curtin telegraphs that he has advices that Jackson is recrossing the Potomac at Williamsport. Ascertain, if possible, if he is doing so.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]

FORT ALBANY, September 12, 1862.

(Received 3.30 p. M.)

General HUMPHREYS,

345 Nineteenth Street, near I Street:

Colonel Allabach's brigade is here en route. I have sent back wagons to bring up his provisions, ammunition, &amp;c. This brigade is supplied with Austrian rifles, about 900 being unserviceable. Yesterday morning I sent to the Ordnance Department requisitions for others, but they were refused. I have gathered about 300, perhaps more, serviceable arms here, and direct Colonel Allabach to stop here and take them, leaving the defective ones in their place. If you can enable him to leave the remainder of the defective Austrian guns in Washington as he passes through, and get good ones in their place, I would advise it. I have seized forty-five wagons sent by Captain Feguson to move my division, and turn them over to your brigades to facilitate their march. There is no beef here on the hoof. Cattle must be obtained in Washington. Colonel Allbach is not supplied with more than two days' rations. Those also must be obtained in Washington. For how many days must he make requisition? General Tyler is supplied with good arms and ammunition, and I think he has five days' rations. Forage will probably be obtained in Washington.

A. W. WHIPPLE.

Brigadier-General.

[19.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON. Numbers 3. September 12, 1862.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General J. G. Barnard is assigned to the command of the troops for the immediate defense of Washington north of the Potomac. Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury, commanding defenses east of the Eastern Branch, and Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Haskin, commanding defenses west of the Eastern Branch will at once report to General Barnard for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN.

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

