
general desires you to put a guard on to relieve this one as soon as you arrive, your guard to remain until all your stragglers shall have passed, probably twelve to fourteen hours.

By command of Major-General Porter:

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[19.]

MIDDLETOWN, MD., September 14, 1862-1.20 p. M.

General HUMPHREYS,

Near Leesborough:

Received dispatch.* Lose no time, but bring up your men fresh. Gald you have fitted out provisions at railroad depot.

F. J. PORTER.

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Middletown, September 14, 1862-11.45 a. M.

Major-General FRANKLIN:

GENERAL: The enemy occupies the main pass in front of Middletown with infantry and artillery. Pleasonton has silenced one battery and our infantry are now endeavoring to turn the pass by our left. I have just been informed that the enemy have about 1,500 cavalry and some artillery at Bukittsville, and that they are in considerable force in vicinity of Boonsborough. I learned this morning by a messenger direct from Colonel Miles that he had abandoned the Maryland Heights yesterday afternoon and occupied the Loudoun and Bolivar Heights and that the garrison of Martinsburg had joined him. Reno's corps is partially engaged in front of here and Hooker is arrivng rapidly. Please lose no time in driving the rebel cavalry out of Burkittsville and occupying the pass. Have Sanders keep the communication open between us, and keep me informed of everyting transpiring at the pass before you. Let me know first wether the enemy occupies the pass, and if so the strength of their force there. Continue to bear in mind the necessity of relieving Colonel Miles if possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

September 14, 1862-1.30 p. M.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,Frederick:

GENERAL: It is reported that the enemy has pickets in the neighborhood of Frederick. Confer with Colonel Allen, First Maine Cavalry (now in Frederick), and send out pickets of cavalry and infantry in all directions. If any enemy is found engage and displace him. It is impossible that he can in the neighborhood in any force.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

53 R R-VOL LI, PT I

