
skirmishers well to the front and on your flanks till you arrive upon open ground. Pleasonton will be in front of you with cavalry. Richardson's division is moving in front of Hooker on your right. Burnside is ordered to advance on your left. Should you find Boonsborough to be deserted by the enemy upon your arrival there, you will occupy the town or take up some strong position in its vicinity. Should you find the enemy in force there, you will dispose your men for attack and report for further orders to the commanding general. The geenral does not wish you to make the attack without reporting to him, as he wishes first to give orderse to insure the co-operation of the various other corps of this command.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - Should you require it, you will be well supported. Some citizens from Boonsborough have just reported to General Hooker that the rebel army is in a perfect panic. They are making ofr Shepherdstown Ferry. They say that Lee said publicly last night that they must admit they had been badly whipped. This, General Hooker sas, is reliable. If upon reaching Boonsborough you find this to be the case, push on after the enemy as rapidly and far as possible, keeping your corps well in hand and doing them all the injury possible.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES.

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]

[SEPTEMBER 15, 1862.]

General HUMPHREYS,

En Route to Frederick via Brookeville:

Wait orders at Frederick, communicating your arrival by telegram if possible. Obtain supplies at the railroad depot on Monocacy, and keep your command ready to move at call.

F. J. PORTER.

Major-General.

Watch the country on your left and keep in communication wi the signal parties.

F. J. P.

[Indorsement on envelope in handwriting of General Humphreys.]

Received at Frederick upon my arrival there, September -, 1862.

[19.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Bolivar, September 15, 1862-8.45 a. M.

Major-General FRANKLIN:

GENERAL: We have met with a complete success; have gotten possession of the pass in front of this place, and are pushing our forces forwrad in pursuit of the retreating enemy. General Hooker reports that he has received reliable information from citizens from Boonsborough that the enemy is retreating in a perfect panic in the direction of Shepherdstown Ferry. They say that Lee openly acknowledged they had been shockingly whipped. Communicate with General Burnside at the intersection of the Rohrersville and Boonsborough roads, and if the intelligence of the retreat of the enemy toward Shepherdstown

