
to the left of the main pike. Advance as far as the intersection of the Boonsborough and Rohersville roads. Having arrived at that point, you will place yourself in communication with the troops who shall have advanced by the main pike, and also with General Franklin if he has reached Rohrersville being prepared to lend such assistance as may be necessary in either direction, or if required to advance upon Centerville and Sharpshuburg to cut off the retreat of the enemy. Headquarters and the body of the army will advance by the main pike, General hooker on the right of the main pike. Being separated from you for the present by force of circumstances, he will, during such separation, report direct to these headquarters.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

[GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.]

P. S. - Hooker's corps will probably remain for some hours at the Mountain House, Richardson's division moving on in advance. Endeavor to keep the head of your column as near parallel as possible to that of Richardson. Move promptly, keeping you skirmishers well out on your front and flanks till you arrive at open ground. Gibbon is ordered to join his own corps.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

September 15, 1862-12.30 p. M.

General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: General McClellan desires you to let General Porter's go on past you if necessary. You will then push your own command on as rapidly as possible. The general also desire to know the reason for your delay in starting this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. D. RUGGLES.

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

September 15, 1862-3.45 p. M.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: The last news received is that the enemy is drawn up in line of battle about two miles beyond Centreville, which will bring them on the west and behind Antietam Creek. They are represented to be in considerable force under Longstreet. Our troops are rapidly moving up. If not too late, I think you had better move on Rohrersville, communicating meantime with Franklin. If with your assistance he can defeat the enemy in front of him, join him at once. If,

