
staid about two hours, when they departed up the river. I would respectfully ask to have the breast-works now occupied by my command strengthened, as they were built originally by the enemy for rifle-pits, and are totally unfit for the purpose for which they are now used. It would take but a small amount of labor to make them strong enough for our use. At this writing (9 p. m.) all is quiet here, but I can hear cannonading some distance on my right.

I have the honor to remain, sir, your obedient servant,

EDW. H. FLOOD,

Captain, Commanding Battery D, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Lieutenant BENSON, Adjutant.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

The recommendation of Captain Flood concerning the strengthening his works is earnestly commended to the favorable consideration of the general commanding. Working parties should not, however, operate in daylight. A detail of fifty good men ought in one night to perform the necessary work.

Most respectfully,

ROBT. M. WEST,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH CORPS,Warwick Court-House, Va., April 30, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Briggs, commanding brigade, who will exercise his discretion as to the strengthening of the works at the house. If advisable, sufficient working parties will at once be detailed. If not deemed advisable, Colonel Briggs will report the reasons of this decision. He will also acquaint Major West with any plans made for the purpose of defense.

By order of Brigadier-General Couch:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

Report of Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations April 29.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Yorktown, Four Corners, April 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the reconnaissance in force on the afternoon of the 29th instant:

My regiment was assigned to the right of the line, and as such was drawn up in line of battle on the Lee's Mill road in the wood fronting the enemy's works and about 1,000 yards distant. The skirmishing companies (A and B) were then thrown forward, and advanced across an open field to a wood, in which they deployed as skirmishers. My regiment was then advanced to the edge of the wood, in which it had formed, along a worm fence, some 300 yards nearer the enemy's position. Company E was new detached to support the two skirmishing companies already thrown forward, the latter being pushed still nearer the enemy.

