
ARSENAL, September 18, 1862.

(Received 10 a. M.)

General RIPLEY:

The shipment of the ammunition for 20-pounders went last night by way of Hagerstown with Lieutenant Bradford. The total number of rounds of field ammunition to go via Frederick is now at the depot and the small-arm ammunition is now loading and will amount, agreeably to your telegraphic instructions, to 1,500,000, by the way of Frederick, and this large amount to be duplicated via Hagerstown. Shall the field ammunition be detained for the small-arms? It will take some time to get off so large an amount. We have not ceased to work since reception of instructions last evening from Captain Benton. Answer at once.

GEO. D. RAMSAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 18, 1862-9 a. M.

Brigadier-General MEADE:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to reorganize your corps as rapidly as possible, and get it in condition either to make an attack or to resist one. Please keep a good watch of the movements of the enemy, and report everything of importance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Keedysville, September 18, 1862-7.40 p. M.

Brigadier-General MEADE:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to push forward your pickets at an early hour in the morning, and to ascertain whether the enemy is in force in your front. Please send a staff officer to these headquarters to report the result.

I am, &c.,R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

(Verbal orders to same effect given General Burnside.)

[19.]

[SEPTEMBER 18, 1862.]

Brigadier-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Division;

General Williams thinks that the division should be on the ground as soon as possible, and that therefore, considering the emergency of the case, no long rests can be given-merely enough to keep the men from breaking down entirely. They may have an opportunity to rest on the field, and may not be called upon at all to-day. I will rejoin you as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

CARSWELL McCLELLAN.

[19.]

