
My regiment retained its position near the fence above mentioned until ordered to return to camp, and did not actively engage the enemy. My left skirmishing company (B), when deployed int the wood, advanced to within about 150 yards of the enemy's works, where he was drawn up in battle array. While thus situated a company of the Eleventh Maine Volunteers, a little in advance, received a volley from the enemy, which mortally wounded one man, when they retired, leaving his body lying where it had fallen. Captain Orem, of Company B, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, with the assistance of three men of the Eleventh Maine, whom he requested to accompany him, recovered the body, which they brought off the field at imminent risk. The wounded man died in a few minutes afterward. Two shells burst in the wood we occupied a little to our left, but so far as I am able to learn did no damage. It affords me pleasure to commend the coolness and good conduct of my officers and men, who exhibited all that steadiness and obedience that characterize old troops.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain GEORGE H. JOHNSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Brigade Headquarters.

[11.]

MAY 5, 1862.-Battle of Williamsburg, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Thompson Brown, C. S. Artillery.

ARTILLERY CAMP,

Near Long Bridge, May 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the batteries now under my command in the engagements of May 5. Some of these batteries were not under my command at the time, and the report rendered is a condensation of statements given me by the respective commandants. I take the liberty of premising, that as far as my observation extended, and as far as I was informed, the officers and men attached to the artillery behaved with the utmost coolness, and by their bravery and accurate firing aided very much in repelling the enemy.

On the evening of Sunday, May 4, two pieces (6-pounder field guns belonging to Captain Garrett's battery) were ordered to Fort Magruder, one stationed in Redoubt Numbers 1, to the right of the fort, and the other ordered in the morning of the 5th to Redoubt Numbers 3. The gun in Redoubt No. 1, under command of Lieutenant Coke, opened fire about 9 o'clock, and kept up a constant fire for several hours. The fire from these guns was very effective, and it was reported to the officer in command that a caisson was exploded and a flag-staff cut down by their fire. Captain Garrett was in command. The six pieces - four 6-pounders and two 3-inch rifles - of the Richmond Fayette Artillery, under command of Lieutenant Clopton, were ordered to Fort Magruder at 12 o'clock Sunday night. He opened fire early Monday morning with two pieces, and continued with effect under a galling fire from the enemy's sharpshooters stationed but a short distance in the front. This continued until the charge made by General Wilcox, which was materially aided by a flank fire from these guns. Lieutenant Clopton then carried two of his pieces to the left of the fort, and, in conjunction with Captain Dearing, silenced one of the enemy's batteries. For the number

