
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST (HOOKER'S) ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

I. The troops of this command will move to-morrow to Harper's Ferry by the road via Rohresville and Brownsville in the following order:

II. Seymour's division, followed by his ammunition, ambulance, and baggage trains.

III. Doubleday's division, followed by his train.

IV. Ricketts' division and train.

V. Captain Naylor, commanding cavalry battalion, will detail a company as heretofore to follow in the rear of each division and bring up stragglers. The fourth company will accompany headquarters.

VI. Commanders of divisions, brigades, and regiments are enjoined to exercise the utmost energy to keep the men in the ranks and prevent straggling, by rear guards and patrols on their flanks to prevent the men from wandering to and stopping at the houses on the road.

VII. The army corps headquarters trains will follow Seymour's ambulance trains.

VIII. The movement will be commenced by Seymour's division at 9 a. m. precisely.

By command of Brigadier General George G. Meade:

EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Sharpsburg, September 22, 1862--5 p. m.

Brevet Major-General SUMNER,

Near Harper's Ferry:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to cover with your command the construction of the pontoon bridge at Harper's Ferry, throwing a force over the ford if necessary. As soon as the bridge shall have been constructed you will post one division of Williams' corps on Loudoun Heights, leaving one division of it on Maryland Heights. You will then establish your own corps on Bolivar Heights, and so post your artillery as to cover the three roads leading to Harper's Ferry. General Burnside is ordered to send his boat howitzers at daylight to-morrow, to be placed on Loudoun Heights, and to hold his corps in readiness to move to Harper's Ferry. Pleasonton will also send at daylight to-morrow two regiments of cavalry and one battery of horse artillery to scout in direction of Charlestown and Martinsburg, and will hold his whole cavalry force in readiness to follow.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1862--2 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Near Bakersville:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to order General Kenly to occupy Clear Spring and to watch Clear Spring Ford, posting two to four guns there. You will furnish him with two or three squadrons of cavalry for this purpose. You will also direct him to patrol the

