
river-bank toward Williamsport and in the direction of Hancock. You will send two or three squadrons of cavalry and a battery (say four guns of Kenly's) to Hancock to watch the dam and ford there and to patrol down the river to meet Kenly. You will also examine the line of the Conococheague and make preparations to defend it should Jackson cross above it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near the Potomac, September 22, 1862.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: As it will be necessary for you to remain with your command some little time in your present locality, the commanding general directs that you select a camp for your own corps and Couch's division near Hagerstown, but between Williamsport and that place, in some place convenient for drawing your supplies from Hagerstown. Kenly's brigade will remain at Williamsport for the present and guard the ford. You will keep your cavalry scouts well out in all directions along the river, and forward at once to these headquarters any information you may obtain.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, Md., September 22, 1862.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps:

GENERAL: From four or five different sources I have received information that the Federal troops at Back Creek have been attacked by the rebels and the bridge burned. This is on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, about twelve miles above here, and now, at 3.45 p. m., I learn that the enemy are crossing the river into Maryland. The force attacking the troops at the bridge is represented to be considerable, both infantry and cavalry; the number crossing the river not reported. The cavalry under my command consists of the Eighth New York Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt, and Captain Russell's two companies of Maryland cavalry, the whole available force of which I have sent up the river to make a reconnaissance. I inclose notes just received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL: One of my men has just handed me this; I send it forward to you.

C. R. BABBITT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth New York Cavalry.

