
engaged this battery suffered very severely, having lost 4 killed and 9 wounded. The conduct of the officers and men is highly commended by all who witnessed their coolness and determination under a heavy fire. About 11.30 o'clock Captain Dearing was ordered to take two of his pieces to Fort Marguder, a 12-pounder howitzer and a 6-pounder gun. After remaining about half an hour in the fort Captain Dearing was ordered to the left, and succeeded in driving back a column of infantry advancing in that direction. He then turned his pieces upon a battery to the right, being exposed to an enfilading fire from a battery on the left. Two pieces of Lieutenant Clopton's command having joined Captain Dearing, they succeeded in silencing the battery to their right, which was at a distance of 800 or 900 yards. At this time a gallant officer, Lieutenant Richardson, of the Lynchburg battery, was killed by a shell while aiming a gun. Two privates were also wounded at this point. Captain Dearing was then ordered back into the fort, from which he kept up an effective fire until the enemy retired; and when they returned, about 4 or 5 o'clock, with a piece of artillery and a large force of infantry, these pieces were used with the greatest effect under a galling the from sharpshooters. I take great pleasure in testifying to the gallantry of Captain Dearing and his command. The loss was 1 killed and 2 wounded, with 5 horses killed or wounded. Captain Stribling's battery - two 24-pounder howitzers and two 12-pounders - was ordered to the right of Fort Marguder about 2 p. m. on Monday, and continued firing upon the enemy's center for about an hour. The battery was then withdrawn to the rear, and later in the day was ordered again to the right, and continued a fire upon the enemy's skirmishers until night. Captain Stribling had 3 men wounded, a sergeant and 2 privates; also 9 horses killed or wounded. This battery was very much exposed.

Lieutenant Fortier, of Captain Maurin's battery, was ordered, about 5 p. m., with three 6-pounders to Fort Magruder, where he remained until the close of the action, firing occasionally. No casualties in this command. Captain Watson's battery was in reserve until about 2 or 3 o'clock, when it was ordered to the position on the left of Fort Magruder and in rear of the woods, but had no opportunity of bringing his pieces into action. I inclose the reports of the officers commanding the respective batteries or sections.

Respectfully submitted.

J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Artillery.

Captain G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

Report of Lieutenant Lestang Fortier, Donaldsonville Artillery.

MAY 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that three brass 6-pounders were engaged in Fort Magruder. I reported at 5 p. m. and took position in said fort. Thirty-three rounds of shell and solid shot were fired during the engagement. No casualties of importance to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. FORTIER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Half Battery, Donaldsonville Artillery.

Colonel BROWN,

Commanding Artillery.

[11.]

