HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The conspicuous conduct of Captain B. F. Davis, First Cavalry, in the management of the withdrawal of the cavalry from Harper's Ferry at the surrender of that place, merits the special notice of the Government. I recommend him for the brevet of major.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,September 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Division:

I am directed by the general commanding to urge upon you the greatest vigilance to guard against surprise. Information received at these headquarters, corresponding to that received at general headquarters, leads the general to suppose that the enemy may attempt a crossing in your front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Sharpsburg, September 23, 1862--9.15 a. m.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: There are good reasons for believing that Generals R. E. Lee and Jackson are still opposite to us; the former at a place called Leetown, between Shepherdstown and Martinsburg; the latter on the Opequon Creek, about three miles above its mouth, both having large forces. There are also indications of heavy re-enforcements moving in this direction from Winchester and Charlestown. In view of this the commanding general directs that you march you corps, via Downsville, to a cross-roads about one mile above Bakersville on the Williamsport and Bakersville road, or as near that point as you can find good camping ground. It is desirable to watch and guard the ford at Williamsport. If you think Kenly's brigade sufficient for that purpose you will direct General Couch to move his division to a point on the same road by which you are to march, a little this side of Downsville. You will please give instructions to him and to General Kenly to exercise great vigilance in watching all the fords in their vicinity, and for that purpose you will leave a small force of cavalry with each of them. Your position will be nearly opposite to where Jackson's headquarters are said to be. Please report your arrival at your new position and direct General Couch to do the same, and send all the information you can collect about the forces opposite.

Yours, very respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]

