
late illness and absence of the latter has prevented the completion of more detailed reports. I present themnow, lest by retaining them longer I may delay justice to officers and commands, who, perhaps, have suffered from the non-presentation of these documents. My preliminary reports presented on the 8th and 9th of July* were to be followed by more detailed reports, but continued and almost uninterrupted activity since the receipt of the accompanying papers have precluded the possibility of preparing them. From time to time I have, as the merits of the officers and their services became known, presented their names for reward and promotion. I now renew my recommendations and respectfully beg to refer to the commendations of the respective brigade and division commanders as the grounds generally on which my applications were made. I was generally personally cognizant of the gallant and efficient services of the higher offices and of the staff officers recommended by me. I beg here to present to the consideration of the commanding general the services of Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield, conspicuous for gallantry and good conduct and efficiency at Hanover Court-House, Malvern, Gaines' Mill, and lately as division commander at Manassas, and ask for him a higher command than that lately exercised by him. I consider him one of the most efficient and deserving officers in the service and one who always equals and generally excels all expectations. I also present the name of Colonel Charles W. Roberts, Second Maine Volunteers, for promotion to brigadier-generalcy for gallantry and meritorious services at Hanover Court-House, Gaines' Mill, and at Manassas. I think the service will be much benefited, and shall be pleased to have him command the brigade to which he is now attached.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1862.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In my recommendations for promotions by brevet, presented in July last, I unintentionally omitted the name of Colonel Henry S. Lansing, Seventeenth New York Volunteers and captain Twelfth U. S. Infantry, for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Hanover Court-House, May 27, 1862. He was conspicuous there in handling his regiment, which, with others, drove the enemy from their ground and captured one field piece and many prisoners. I omitted also to present the name of Colonel E. G. Marshall, Thirteenth New York and captain Sixth Infantry, for gallant and good conduct at Hanover Court-House and Gaines' Mill. I wish now to correct these omissions. I desire also to present Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield, Twelfth Infantry; Brigadier General George Sykes, Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, infantry; Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York and captain Topographical Engineers; Major Lovell, Tenth Infantry; Captain J. D. O'Connell, Fourteenth Infantry; Captain J. D. Wilkins, Third Infantry; Captain E. G. Marshall, Sixth Infantry; Captain J. B. Collins, Fourth Infantry; Captain H. Dryer, Fourth Infantry; Captain D. B. McKibbin, Fourteenth Infantry, as having earned brevets, in addition to those for which heretofore recommended,

---------------

*See VOL. XI, Part II, pp. 221-231.

---------------

