
for conspicuously gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle of Manassas, August 30, 1862.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1862--10.30 p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Poolesville:

The commanding general directs that you communicate by telegraph every day with these headquarters, and also with General Sumner, commanding at Harper's Ferry, giving such information as you may obtain from time to time regarding the position and movements of the enemy. Please communicate also to these headquarters any changes that may be made in the position of the troops under your command. It is believed that the mass of the rebel army is concentrated between Williamsport and Martinsburg at the present time.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, September 26, 1862.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: Major-General McClellan while operating on the Upper Potomac has been directed to use any troops in his vicinity without regard to department lines. You will communicate with General McClellan and obey such orders as he may give you.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Mouth of Antietam Creek, md., september 26, 1862.

The following is the order of march for to-day: First, Second Division, General Sturgis commanding; second, Kanawha Division, Colonel E. P. Scammon commanding; third Third Division, Colonel E. Harland commanding; fourth, First Division, General Willcox commanding. Simmonds' battery, of the Kanawha Division, and one brigade of General Willcox's command to support it, will remain on the west side of Antietam Creek in position to be assigned by Lieutenant-Colonel Getty, chief of artillery. The march will commence at 11 o'clock this a. m., and will [be] on road toward Harper's Ferry. Position of new camp will be designated by staff officers. The wagons, &amp;c., will follow in rear of the whole command in the order of the divisions to which they belong. At the hour assigned the march will be commenced by General Sturgis' command, and the rest will follow on without further orders.

By order of Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding:

G. M. BASCOM,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

55 R R--VOL LI, PT I

