HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Sharpsburg, September 27, 1862.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN:

GOVERNOR: I beg to avail myself of almost the first moment of leisure I have had since the recent battles, to render to you may thanks for your wise and energetic action in calling out the militia of Pennsylvania for its defense when threatened by a numerous and victorious army of the enemy. Fortunately circumstances rendered it impossible for the enemy to set foot upon the soil of Pennsylvania, but the moral support rendered to my army by your action was none the less weighty. In the name of my army and for myself I again tneder to you our acknowledgement for your patriotic course. The manner in which the people of Pennsylvania responded to your call and hastened to the defense of their frontier no doubt exercised a great influence upon the enemy.

I am, very respectfully and sincerely, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS CALDWELL'S BRIGADE,September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I beg leave to reiterate the commendations bestowed upon the commanding officers of my regiments for good conduct in the recent battles. Colonel Barlow in particular cannot be praised too highly. Almost equal praise is due Lieutenant-Colonel Miles, of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers; Colonel Cross, of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, and Major McKeen, of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who behaved with the greatest gallantry. Captain Brestel, commanding the Seventh New York Volunteers, was cool and brave. Lieutenants Cross and Alvord, of my staff, are deserving of special mention for intrepidity and activity. For the names of company officers who distinguished themselves I beg leave to refer to the reports of the commanders of regiments, which have been forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with circular of this date from your headquarters, I have the honor to present the following names of officers whom I recommend to be promoted to be brigadier-generals: Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York, captain Topographical Engineers; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, U. S. Infantry; Major Lovell, U. S. Infantry; Colonel Charles W. Roberts, Second Maine Volunteers; Colonel James McQuade, Fourteenth New York. All vacancies in volunteer regiments have been filled or the recommendations gone to the Governors of the States.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]

