HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,September 27, 1862.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following officers were conspicuous for their bravery, coolness, gallantry, and efficiency at the battle of Manassas, and fully sustained the high reputation which they have earned on other battle-fields and the recommendations they have justly deserved. As they have not received the promotion and rank their merits deserve, I respectfully present their names to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, with the hope that his representations and the wants of the service may cause them to receive increased rank, and thus [be] thrown into commands of larger bodies of troops more appropriate to their abilities: Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield, commanding division; Brigadier General George Sykes, commanding division; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, commanding brigade; Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York, commanding brigade. I also present Colonel Charles W. Roberts, Second Maine, at times commanding brigade of Morell's division, and distinguished at Hanover Court-House and Manassas, as worthy of promotion to a brigadier-generalcy, and one I would be pleased to have command the First Brigade, Morell's division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[12.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 27, 1862--8.30 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to assume command over the Fifty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers (late of Miles' brigade), now stationed along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Back Creek to South Branch of the Potomac. He further directs that the cavalry force now on the Maryland side of the Potomac from Back Creek west be stationed from the point where the railroad crosses the Back Creek along the Jamesburg road southward between Third and North Mountain to where that road intersects the road running west to Bloomery, Springfield, and New Creek, as suggested by Colonel Campbell, commanding Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The cavalry thus disposed will be placed under Colonel Campbell, who will receive instructions from you to retire on Hancock, with both his infantry and cavalry, should he be hard pressed by the enemy. Colonel Campbell will report either direct to you, or to you through General Kenly, as you may prefer. You will give such other orders as you may consider necessary in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

WASHINGTON, September 27, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: On Thursday, September 18, I was authorized and directed by Special Orders, Numbers 248, to do whatever I might deem expedient to facilitate the transportation of troops and supplies to aid the armies

