
in the field in Virginia and Maryland. I immediately proceeded to Baltimore, where a conference was held with General Wood, Quartermaster Belger, President Garrett and Superintendent Smith, of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. This conference resulted in changing the route for several regiments then ordered to the front and in the establishment of the following rule for future operations:

Rule.--All troops and supplies sent from Baltimore and points south thereof to the army in Maryland shall be forwarded by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and all sent from points north of Baltimore by the York and Cumberland Railroad.

I was clearly of the opinion that it was expedient in general to operate the railroads used for military purposes by and through the regular officers and employes of said roads, using military authority only where necessary to render assistance to them in procuring rolling-stock or securing regularity in train movements. The efficiency of the management of the officers of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, their readiness to give Government supplies the preference over all other transportation, and the capacity of the road, which is greater than any ordinary or even extraordinary demands that may be made upon it, left nothing more to be desired except the prompt return of cars from the advanced terminus; and having concluded all necessary arrangements, I proceeded the same night to Harrisburg, arriving in that city on Friday morning, September 19, at 3.30 a. m. The arrangement of sending supplies from Baltimore and points south thereof over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, relieving the Northern Central of its transportation of Government supplies northward, left no question as to the ability of this road to meet any anticipated demands upon it, and I therefore continued my journey at 7.30 a. m. over the York and Cumberland Railroad to Chambersburg, where, after many delays caused by passing trains, I arrive at 2.30 p. m. The amount of business on the York and Cumberland Railroad exceeded its capacity for prompt accommodation. About eighteen regiments of Pennsylvania militia had been sent forward and more were on the way, the Pennsylvania Railroad Company furnishing cars and engines and assisting, as I understood, in the management of the road. Under these circumstances the only action at that point which I considered expedient was to order that all private sidings should be vacated, and that all cars belonging to individuals and all others not required for military purposes should be either run off the tracks or sent to other stations where the sidings were not required for the use of the Government. I found a very efficient officer in charge of the depot and station at Chambersburg, Mr. J. D. Potts, formerly assistant superintendent on the Western Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad, to whom I gave such instructions as appeared to be necessary.

At Hagerstown theblocked with cars. There was no adequate siding or warehouse accommodation, no competent person in charge, and much confusion existed. I found it necessary to assume military possession of the Trunk Line Railroad between Chambersburg and Hagerstown; attended personally to the duty of raising the blockade; cleared the track of some five or six trains that had accumulated at Hagerstown; placed Mr. Potts in charte as superintendent; directed him to procure a substitute in the Chambersburg office; left written instructions as to the future management, and also wrote to General Kenly, the officer understood to be in command at Hagerstown, informing him of the existing arrangement for transportation, and giving the names of the officers in charge. On Saturday, September 20, I rode from Hagerstown to Sharpsburg, where, after a half hour's interview

