
Brigade, First Division, Twelfth Army Corps: Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-eighth New York Volunteers, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, One hundred and forty-fifth New York Volunteers, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers. Colonel George L. Andrews, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, is assigned to duty as commander of said brigade. He will encamp the brigade until further orders in Pleasant Valley, east side of Maryland Heights. At least four hours' drill each day (either squad, company, or battalion) will be required, and such schools of theoretical instruction for officers and non-commissioned officers as the commander of the brigade may order. Colonel G. L. Andrews will report in person at these headquarters for further directions.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General A. S. William, commanding corps:

S. E. PITTMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., October 5, 1862--8 p. m.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: It is reported to me that the enemy has planted two guns on the opposite bank of the Potomac within range of our batteries, and so posted as to sweep the ford. Also that their infantry has occupied the woods beyond the ford. To-morrow morning I shall take steps to obtain full information in the matter. Meanwhile every precaution will be observed to prevent any possibility of surprise. I have no doubt but that the movement is made with the design of preventing our cavalry from crossing the ford, as it has been in the habit of doing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Clarksburg, Va.:

General Averell has been informed of the contents of your dispatch of this morning,* by a telegram sent via Hagerstown. For fear this should not reach him, you had better send two or three special messengers by different routes, to make sure of his co-operation in the capture of Imboden. Please acknowledge receipt.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 5, 1862.

Colonel A. T. McREYNOLDS, Green Spring:

Colonel Averell was ordered last night to proceed from Williamsport to the vicinity of the Big Cacapon to operate against the rebvel forces.

---------------

*See VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 385.

---------------

