HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 10, 1862--10 p. m.

NOTE.--The following orders have just been issued through General Buford, chief of cavalry:

I. All of Pleasonton's disposable cavalry to move to Hagerstown to follow up rebels.

II. Sixth Cavalry to move to Middletown, and watch all roads in direction of Chambersburg.

III. Party of Sixth Cavalry to be stationed in front of Burkittsville, to watch approaches to that place.

IV. Rush's Lancers to watch in vicinity of Frederick, where they now are.

V. Davis to watch in front of Hagerstown, where he now is.

VI. All other available cavalry not required to watch the river and points south to be sent out.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

HAGERSTOWN, October 10, 1862--5 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

General DEVENS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: March at once one brigade and one battery of your command, via Williamsport, to the point where the rebel cavalry crossed the river this morning to endeavor to intercept its retreat. Be very watchful with the other brigades. Report everything of interest that occurs via Williamsport.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Sixth Corps.

Get guides from General Kenly.

W. B. F.

[19.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 30. October 10, 1862.

1. That portion of Stoneman's division now serving under the command of Brigadier-General Birney will without delay be put in march to join the remainder of the division at Poolesville. Upon the arrival of Birney's command General Stoneman will detach the Thirty-ninth Massachusetts and Tenth Vermont Volunteers for duty under the orders of the senior colonel in guarding the line of the Upper Potomac, for which he is now responsible, and will then report his division to Major-General McClellan for further orders. At the same time General Stoneman will detach Battery D, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and order it to rejoin Couch's division at Downsville, Washington County, Md.

2. Whipple's division will with as little delay as practicable proceed by railway to Knoxville, Md.; on arriving at which place Brigadier-General Whipple will report in person to Major-General McClellan for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

