
5. The One hundred and thirty-sixth, One hundred and fifty-fourth, One hundred and fifty-seventh, and One hundred and sixty-third Regiments of New York Volunteers are assigned to Sigel's corps, which they will join with as little delay as practicable at Fairfax Court-House.

6. Brigadier General Robert Cowdin will report to Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Defenses south of the Potomac, for assignment to the command of the First Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps.

7. Brigadier General J. B. Carr, on being relieved by Brigadier-General Cowdin, will assume command temporarily of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps.

8. Brigadier General Cuvier Grover is assigned to the command of the Independent Brigade on the Upper Potomac, now consisting of the Thirty-ninth Massachusetts and Tenth Vermont Volunteers, and will, when General Stoneman shall have reported his division to headquarters Army of the Potomac, relieve that officers in the duty of guarding the river. General Grover will atonce report in person at these headquarters for further orders.

* * * * * * *

11. The following-named regiments are detached from the command of Brigadier-General Casey, and will be at once organized as follows into two brigades, which will be commanded for the present by the senior colonels, constituting a division, to be commanded by Brigadier General J. J. Abercrombie: First Brigade--Twenty-third New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel J. S. Cox; Twenty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Robertson; Twenty-eighth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Wisewell. Second Brigade--Twenty-second Connecticut Volunteers, Colonel Burnham; Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Stevens; Eleventh Rhode Island Volunteers, Colonel Metcalf. General Abercrombie will use every exertion to organize his division with the least practicable delay, and will report it to Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Defenses south of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

13. The One hundred and thirty-third New York Volunteers, Colonel L. D. H. Currie, is substituted for the Thirteenth New Hampshire Volunteers in the organization of Abercrombie's division, directed by paragraph 11 of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1862--5 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires, to prevent all possibility of the enemy crossing a force to this side of the river, to make a diversion in aid of the escape of their cavalry now here, that you exercise special vigilance in watching the fords and all other possible crossing places on the Potomac picketed by your command. He also desires you to exercise equal vigilance should this cavalry movement prove a feint of the enemy to draw our attention and thus enable him to cross his army again without serious opposition. Please take every step in

