
your power, in view of these possibilities, however remote, to prevent the crossing of any force of the enemy to this side.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,October 11, 1862--11 p. m.

Brigadier-General DOUBLEDAY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: General Reynolds directs that you should send a brigade of your troops out to-night and occupy that strip of woods on the Sharpsburg turnpike at the Dunkard Church, near the center of the late battle-field. We have sent a few cavalry out to picket that road toward Hagerstown, and they are the only forces on the immediate approach to our rear in that direction. This force is desired to occupy the position indicated, that it may protect the batteries from an attack of cavalry in the event of an attempt to cross toward Mercerville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. LAMBORN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS,October 11, 1862.

Colonel Hofmann will proceed with his brigade and battery to comply with the within orders and directions.

By command of Brigadier-General Doubleday:

E. P. HALSTED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1862--2.45 p. m.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Hagerstown:

The commanding general approves your suggestion of sending two regiments and a section of artillery to Chambersburg, and you will accordingly do so. If it would in your judgment be advisable to send a force to Greencastle, you are authorized to do so, and to make other dispositions of your troops that you may think necessary from the information you receive from time to time.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, October 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I hear from good sources that the enemy, after burning considerable public and other property

