
qualities and his ability to fill the position. I would like to have him command a brigade of this corps. Colonel James Barnes, Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, to the rank of brigadier-general. By education and service Colonel Barnes is a soldier, and his proved his value in command of his regiment, and of the brigade, in camp, in siege, and in the field. I should be much pleased to have him assigned as brigadier-general to command a brigade of this corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,October 14, 1862--2.30 a. m. (Received 5 a. m.)

General DEVENS:

The general commanding is informed that General Howe's pickets at or near Clear Spring have been driven in and General Howe reports infantry crossing the river. The general commanding directs that you get a brigade in readiness at once to move, and send it to General Howe's assistance at daylight in case you hear artillery firing in that direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 14, 1862--7 p. m.

General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Poolesville, Md.:

In view of the reports that a large force of cavalry has been, or is being, concentrated in the neighborhood of Leesburg, the commanding general directs that you have all the fords from the mouth of the Monocacy as far down the river as your line extends closely watched by your troops, so that the rebel cavalry cannot cross into Maryland without being resisted. General Burnside will be directed to guard the fords above the mouth of the Monocacy. No report from you has been received in regard to the 300 rebel cavalry said by the colonel of the First Rhode Island Cavalry to have been on this side of the river last night. The commanding general desires this report at once.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 14, 1862--11 a. m.

General GEORGE CROOK,

Cumberland, Md.:

You will please retain your command at Cumberland until to-morrow, when, if there is no indication of the enemy moving in large force in that direction, you will proceed to carry out your original orders, by moving to Clarksburg, &c.

By order of General McClellan:

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]

