HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 16, 1862--7.45 p. m.

Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Reconnaissance:

GENERAL: The commanding general wishes you to report every hour, or oftener, stating what you are doing, where you are, and what is opposed to you. To-day he has received but one direct communication from you. General Hancock met with considerable opposition at Charlestown, but is past that place and is oving on Bunker Hill. General McClellan was at that point throughout the day and was anxiously expecting to hear from your direct or through General Porter. To-morrow the general wishes you to push on with your infantry to Leetown and the cavalry toward Bunker Hill, and push the enemy vigorously. Make use of the cavalry assigned to you to report. They were sent for that purpose.*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 16, 1862--9 p. m.

Brigadier-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Reconnaissance:

The commanding general wishes you to be very careful to have out your best mounted cavalry on the roads toward Martinsburg, and keep a careful watch in that direction early in the morning and throughout the day. Should you receive any notice to retire, you will be obliged to watch that flank well. The enemy is reported to have kept twenty cavalry at Hardscrabble whilst you were advancing to-day. The general thinks that the cavalry opposed to you is probably clad in our uniform, so that you will have to require your own pickets to be on the alert not to be deceived. He has asked for 300 cavalry with fresh horses to report to you in the morning at daylight. Don't let any of your movements be delayed by waiting for these, since there is no certainty of procuring them. If you take any prisoners, let the general know the regiment to which they belong. From this information he will probably tell whose command is in the vicinity.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 17, 1862--10 a. m.

Major General F. J. PORTER:

You will please send orders at once to General Humphreys to withdraw his command to their old camp on this side of the river, leaving it to his discretion whether to return by the way of Harper's Ferry or by the way he went. General Hancock has been ordered to return to Harper's Ferry with his command. General Humphreys should communicate with General Hancock, so that the movement may be

---------------

*For probable reply, see 8 p. m., VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 83.

---------------

