
receive of the enemy's movements, and to make such further dispositions of your troops as may in your judgment be required. It is highly important that the rebels should be prevented from doing further damage to the railroad.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 38. October 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

4. Brigadier-General Abercrombie is authorized to transfer the three regiments of infantry constituting the auxiliary garrison of the position at the head of the Chain Bridge to his division, as follows: The One hundred and twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to the First Brigade, the Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers to the Second Brigade, the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers to the Third Brigade; the One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, assigned to the Third Brigade of Abercrombie's division in lieu of the One hundred and forty-sixth New York, will, with two new regiments to be hereafter assigned, constitute the auxiliary garrison of the Chain Bridge position, and will be reported accordingly.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 34. October 19, 1862.

The First Division, Brigadier-General Doubleday, will move at an early hour to-morrow morning, 20th, and encamp in the vicinity of Bakersville. They will take with them their entire camp equipage, tents, wagons, &amp;c. The pickets from the First Division now along the river will be relieved by General Meade. On taking up the position at Bakersville, General Doubleday will send out a force and picket the Potomac River from Mercerville to the neighborhood of Dam Numbers 4, relieving the pickets from General Franklin's corps. These pickets will join on the left with those from Ricketts' division and on the right with the pickets from Franklin's corps.

By command of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

C. B. LAMBORN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, October 20, 1862--8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: There is evidently a very considerable force opposite my post, but I cannot learn anything certain about their numbers or character. The town is full of rumors, which are too vague to transmit. I am still on the search for a man to go over, but my former scouts are afraid to venture to-night.

Very respectfully,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[19.]

