
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. October 20, 1862.

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 282, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this corps. Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Rodgers is announced as assistant adjutant-general.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS,Williamsport, October 21, 1862--8 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Hagerstown:

COLONEL: The most reliable information I gained during the night is that the troops which reached Martinsburg Saturday last (say fifteen regiments) marched on to Hammond's farm next day, Sunday. This farm is near Hedgesville and one mile this side of the North Mountain Station. The main body of the troops was still near Bunker Hill. The impression here is that if the enemy designs crossing the river it will be here or at Dam Numbers 5. The object of the raid would seem to indicate an attack upon one of our trains passing up. I feel well assured that there is a considerable body of troops on the Martinsburg road between here and Falling Waters. All quiet here during the night.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[19.]

CHERRY RUN, October 22, 1862.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Hagerstown:

(Through headquarters Army of the Potomac.)

The news that I have from refugees and other sources during the day indicates positively that the enemy had left Martinsburg yesterday and have proceeded, perhaps, either toward Williamsport or Shepherdstown. Your circular received and contents noted in regard to Williamsport. You had better regard this news. Note sent also through General McClellan's headquarters by telegraph to you to the same effect.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Sixth Corps.

P. S.--I have telegraphed several times the substance of this news, but doubt whether a horse would not be more expeditions even at this late hour.

J. N.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 23, 1862.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have already recommended that Captain Duane, now chief engineer of this army, be made a colonel by brevet for services on the Peninsula. I now urgently request that he be brevetted a brigadier-general

