
for the battle of Antietam. I ask the same well-merited reward for Lieutenant-Colonel Colburn, chief of my personal staff, already recommended as a colonel by brevet, and now recommended as a brigadier-general by brevet for Antietam. I ask this a personal favor, feeling sure that they are well deserved.

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 23, 1862.

Colonel ALEXANDER,

Commanding Second District of Columbia Volunteers:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major General F. J. Porter, commanding the corps, to assure you of his regret at your separation from his command. Although he recommended the return of the regiment to Washington, in consequence of the implied agreement made with the members of it, that they should not be removed from the District, he bears cheerful witness to the manner in which they have conducted themselves since leaving Fort Corcoran, in attention to duty and obedience to orders, and in discipline equal to the other regiments of the command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[19.]

CHERRY RUN, October 23, 1862--10 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have no further news of any importance. I do not place much reliance upon the report of the enemy concentrating at Williamsport Neck. If they do, however, it places me in a very critical position, of which to relieve myself I might at once invade Virginia and proceed to Harper's Ferry via Martinsburg and Charlestown, or through Falling Waters and Shepherdstown. To march to Williamsport would involve a distance of twelve miles, equals four hours, and perhaps be too late except to be cut off. To fall upon the rear of the enemy, should a considerable portion of them cross the Potomac, might be the safest as well as the decisive plan. My men are held in readiness to march, as by your orders. I shall every day in future, if practicable, have an orderly at your headquarters at 12 m.

Very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 25, 1862.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to present to Your Excellency the name of Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery, for promotion to a field officer, his State having a right to an artillery officer of that grade by virtue of the number of batteries she has now

