
in the field. Captain Martin is now in command of four of the batteries of this corps, and he will be placed in charge of a number corresponding to his new rank, should Your Excellency see fit to confer it on him, even though it should be higher than that of major. He has, in the opinion of his superior officers, earned the promotion suggested by gallant service in action and by his general efficiency in all duties heretofore intrusted to his charge. By conferring the favor I am confident Your Excellency would benefit the service.

I am, with great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Yorktown, Va., October 25, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: On a former occasion I recommended Brigadier General S. Casey, U. S. Volunteers, colonel of the Fourth U. S. Infantry, for a brevet for gallant conduct in the battle of Fair Oaks, Va. That recommendation having failed, as I am informed, to reach the War Department, I have the honor again to recommend that officer for a brevet for good conduct and gallantry in the battle of Fair Oaks, fought May 31 and June 1, 1862, to date the same as other brevets conferred for that battle.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[11.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1862--10 a. m.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Sharpsburg:

The commanding general directs you to move your command to Berlin by Crampton's Pass and Burkittsville. If possible to do so, he desires you to start to-day (Sunday) and march a few miles. If not, you will start to-morrow and march as far as possible without breaking down your men. Please send a quartermaster in advance to make requisitions and to provide for the wants of your corps. Please acknowledge this dispatch upon its receipt.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

For OPERATOR:

NOTE.--Send this to-night if possible; if not, then the first thing after daylight.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. October 26, 1862.

The troops of this corps will march to-day in the following order:

First, the Third Division (Meade) at 11 a. m., taking the road to Berlin, via Crampton's Pass and Burkittsville, and will proceed, if possible, as far as Burkittsville; second, the Second Division (Ricketts) will follow Meade at 12 o'clock and encamp in the vicinity of Meade; third,

