HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 26, 1862--1.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to mvoe your command by the direct road to Berlin, so as to arrive at the pontoon bridge at that place, and to be ready to cross it at 9 o'clock this (Sunday) morning. One of General Burnside's divisions will precede you across the bridge, the other two will follow you. You will move to-day to Lovettsville and a little in advance, and to-morrow to Purcellville, being re-enfroced by General Devens. The general commanding desires you to leave on this side all your ineffective force, with such portion of your command as may hinder or impede your operations for three days after crossing. He also desires you to leave such orders as may be necessary to insure the delivery to your command of your remount horses as rapidly as they may come in, and to send forward such of your force at present unfit for duty as may be hereafter made available. He also desires you to procure as much of your forage as possible from the other side of the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., October 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say to you that it is reported, upon information believed to be reliable, that parties of the enemy are hovering about the lines on the other side of York River. A body of thirty cavalry were at brick house, some eight miles from Gloucester Point, last evening; some infantry and cavalry are said to be at Gloucester Court-House. In view of these facts the general desires that great caution be observed so as to prevent against a surprise of the outposts and the picking up of stragglers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 314. Washington, October 27, 1862.

* * * * * *

2. Brigadier General Gustave P. Cluseret, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty in Western Virginia, and will report for duty to Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

[19.]

