SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 299. Camp near Knoxville, October 27, 1862.

* * * * * * *

12. Captain S. T. Cushing, Second Infantry, is announced as chief signal officer of this army until further orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Pleasant Valley, Md., October 27, 1862.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you move with your division at 12 o'clock this day to Lovettsville, Va., crossing the river at Berlin.

ROBT. A. HUTCHINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 47. October 27, 1862.

1. The Eleventh Corps will be reorganized by its commanding general as follows: First Division, to be commanded by Brigadier-General Stahel. First Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Leopold you Gilsa, Forty-first New York--Forty-first, Forty-fifth, Eighth, and Fifty-fourth New York; Second Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel N. C. McLean, Seventy-fifth Ohio--Twenty-fifth, Fifty-fifth, Seventy-fifth, and Eighty-second Ohio. This division, with the three batteries constituting the reserve artillery of the corps and the cavalry attached to the corps, will constitute the division of reserve. Second Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General A. von Steinwehr. First Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania--Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Pennsylvania, Twenty-ninth and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York; Second Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Smith, Seventy-third Ohio--Sixty-first and Seventy-third Ohio, Thirty-third Massachusetts, and One hundred and thirty-fourth New York. Artillery of the division, two batteries. Third Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General Carl Schurz. First Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Schimmelfennig, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania--Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania, Sixty-eighth, One hundred and thirty-sixth, and One hundred and fifty-seventh New York; Second Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel W. Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York--Fifty-eighth and One hundred and nineteenth New York, Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin. Artillery of the division, two batteries. The commanding general of the Eleventh Corps will immediately report to these headquarters what batteries he assigns to the reserve and to each division, with the names of the battery commanders and the number and caliber of guns.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

