
[OCTOBER 28, 1862.]

General SETH WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Through special sources I am of impression General R. E. Lee is not far distant and General Stuart within an hour's reach. The same number of cavalry regiments as usual is opposite. Enemy moved from Bunker Hill toward Shannondale to-day. Hardee, Longstreet, Pemberton, Polk, Kirby Smith are lieutenant-generals. Desire for peace strongly expressed and the question started how it was possible. Gold in Richmond 300 per cent. premium and silver 180. Have a Richmond Examiner of 24th and will send anything of importance. Ford is excellent. Enemy under impression that their men deserting have to take up arms.*

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 27 [28], 1862--2 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The following dispatch has been received from Maryland Heights by signals, viz:

An immense wagon train is moving in the direction of Shannondale from toward Bunker Hill. The head of the train is now about twelve miles to the left (from Maryland Heights) of Charlestown. The troops are also moving by the same road, but it is so smoky that we cannot distinguish their character.

HALL AND TAYLOR,

Lieutenants and Acting Signal Officers.

The commanding general desires you to direct General Averell, with a strong force, to make a reconnaissance at once toward Martinsburg, to ascertain whether the main force of the enemy has left that vicinity. Should the enemy have nothing but cavalry left and you think the main body has gone to Winchester, you will move with your command to-morrow morning for Berlin, taking care to proceed by such roads as to leave others clear for the movement of General Porter's corps from vicinity of Sharpsburg to Harper's Ferry. The general also desires that you hold your command in readiness to march to-morrow morning in case such orders should be sent from these headquarters. General Sigel telegraphs from Fairfax Court-House that the enemy occupies Upperville with eight or nine thousand men, and it is reported that he will [fall] back to Gordonsville.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 28, 1862--12.45 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to forward the following dispatch, just received by signals from Maryland Heights, with

---------------

*For reply see Marcy to Porter, October 29, 12.30 a. m., VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 505.

---------------

