
woods to his left. About this time, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I think, the enemy again began their musketry from the woods. I opened on them from the fort, and soon after I changed my fire to a solitary piece of artillery of the enemy which they had again succeeded in planting in rear of the position where we captured their batteries some hours before. After nearly twenty minutes' firing upon this piece it ceased firing and fired no more. Mine were the only two pieces firing on it. I was then ordered by Captain Sorrel, of General Longstreet's staff, to open upon the enemy's infantry in the wood, whose position he pointed out to me. I did so, and continued to fire until nearly dark, when all of my ammunition was completely exhausted. While firing the latter part of the evening from the fort my men were exposed to a most annoying fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, but by adopting the precaution of making my men load kneeling, all of the guns being mounted in barbette, fortunately none were hurt. I had one horse shot here at that time by a minie-ball in the shoulder, and had to leave him. I had only twenty-two men engaged with the two guns, officers and men. I had my junior first lieutenant killed and 3 men wounded, none mortally; 2 horses killed and 2 wounded. In the loss of Lieutenant Richardson I have sustained a heavy one. He was as cool, gallant, intrepid an officer as can be found, and died doing his whole duty to himself and the Confederate States. He fell with his "back to the field and his feet to the foe." The men under my command all behaved handsomely. Their coolness and courage could but excite admiration. My two corporals and gunners acted well, and shot beautifully. My sergeants assisted the weary men, and worked themselves as privates whenever they saw any necessity. The fire of the two batteries on me, one in front and the other on my right flank, enfilading my whole position, was terrific, and I imagine the contest can scarcely be equaled, my two pieces alone reeling and silencing one of them. At dusk I, being out of ammunition, was ordered by Colonel Jenkins back to Williamsburg to my command.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES DEARING,

Captain, Commanding Lynchburg Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Commanding Artillery, Second Corps.

[11.]

Report of Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.*

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, May 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade on the 5th instant, near Williamsburg, Va.:

On the morning of the day above referred to the brigade was ordered to move to the vicinity of the redoubts on the right and left of the Yorktown road, and there to report to Brigadier-General Anderson. This order was received between the hours of 7 and 8 a. m., and the brigade reached the second redoubt from the right facing Yorktown about 9 a. m. This redoubt and the one to its left were at this time engaged in active cannonading with the enemy's battery in front, and the sharpshooters of the enemy were annoying with their fire the cannoneers at their pieces. Orders were here received from General Anderson

---------------

* See also VOL. XI, Part I, p. 589.

---------------

