SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,Numbers 50. October 29, 1862.

* * * *

4. The following-named regiments will constitute a division, to be commanded by Brigadier General Silas Casey, who will concentrate it on the south side of the river. The brigades will be commanded for the present by the senior colonels. First Brigade: Fifteenth Connecticut, Thirteenth New Hamsphire, Twelfth Rhode Island, Twenty-fifth and Twenty-seventh New Jersey. Second brigade: Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourtheenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Vermont. Third Brigade: Twenty-second, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Maine.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 21. Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 30, 1862.

In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Sykes' and Humphreys' divisions will march as follows: First, Sykes' division 1 p. m., taking the road over the Antietam, passing over what is termed Burnside's bridge into Pleasant Valley and camp near Brownsville. Second, Humphreys' division at 1 p. m., taking the road through Sharspburg, Portersville, and Brownsville. Whichever division is in advance on arrival at the junction in Pleasant Valley of these two roads will keep in advance. the other division, if possible, will take to fields to the side of the road, and each will go into camp suitable positions after having made a reasonable march. Should the troops in either division arrive at the junction of the roads while the troops of the other are passing, the troops of the former will take precedence of the wagons of the latter. The commander of each division wills e that the trains are well closed and do not interfere with the rights of others. Headquarters will move to-day. Directions will be given to the division commanders where the commanding general may be found.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Hagerstown, October 30, 1862.

The troops of this command will march to-morrow morning at the time and by the roads hereafter specified. The First Division (General Brooks') at 5 o'clock by the shortest road to Keedysville (or Centerville) thence to Boonsborough. The Third Division (General Newton's) at 5 o'clock via Fair Play, Tilghmantown, to the intersection of that road produced with the Williamsort and Boonsborough pike, thence to the pike and Boonsborough. The Second Division (General Smith's) will march at 7 o'clock, and proceed by the Williamsport pike to Boonsborough. Should it so happen that the head of the Second Division arrives at the intersection of the roads whence the

