
Lovettsville, Hillsborough, Purcellville, Leesburg, and Waterford roads, with artillery on the front and flanks. Getty's division is in reserve, one mile to the left and rear, at the intersection of the Waterford and Lovettsville roads, in a position to support Sturgis' division, at the same time to communicate easily with Waterford and Loverttsville. Would it not be well at so central a point to establish a depot for supplies that would serve at the same time for Waterford, Wheatland, and Hillsborough?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 30, 1862-10.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that he does not desire you to attack the enemy at Snicker's Gap until a stronger force of this army shall have crossed to the Virginia side of the Potomac. He desires you, however, to send out strong reconnoitering parties to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy, so that an attack may be made in due time, should it be required.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 31, 1862-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to move your command to-morrow to the front, passing the troops of General Burnside, and to take up a position with your right resting on Purcellville and your left along the Snikcersville road to Hamilton. General Couch is ordred to move to Woodgrove, and between that place and the roasd to Snickersville, and to rest with his left on Woodgrove and his right on the road to Snickersville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-General Pleasonton will move to-morrow to Philomont, picketing the Snickersville road, the Aldie road, and also the road from Purceillville as near Snkickersville as possible. If possible, he will also picket Bloomfield and Upperville.

[19.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. October 31, 1862.

* * * *

III. This command will move to-morrow morning as follows: The First Division, General Doubleday commanding, will move at 9 o'clock

