
(passing the troops of General Burnside), taking position with his right at Purcellville, his left Snickersville road toward Hamilton; the Second Division, General Ricketts commanding, at 9 o'clock on Waterford road to Hamilton and along the road from Hamilton to Purcellville until his right joins General Doubleday's left on that road; the Third Division, General Meade commanding, at 10 o'clock on the best road for artillery, from his present position through Waterford to Hamilton, joining General Ricketts' left.

By command of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 31, 1862-7.45 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to move your command to-morrow to Woodgrove and between that place and the road that runs to Snickersville, resting your left on Woodgrove, and your right on the road to Snickersville. General Reynolds will move to-morrow to Purcellville, with his right on Purcellville and his left extending along the Snickersville road to Hamilton. General Pleasonton will move to morrow to Philomont, picketing the Snickersville road, the Aldie road, and the road from Purcellville as near Snickersville as possible. He will also picket to Bloomfield and Upperville, if he can do so.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 165. Camp near Weverton, Md., October 31, 1862.

1. Humphreys' division will cross the Potomac and Shenandoah at Harper's Ferry and move on the road taken by Couch's corps as far as it can without crowding. It will then camp and await further orders. Sykes' and Butterfield's divisions will camp to-day on Maryland side of the river as near to Harper's Ferry as possible, Sykes in advance. As soon as there is sufficient space on the Virginia shore these divisions will cross and follow Humphreys. the trains of each division will, till further orders, follow it. Quartermaster and commissaries will procure at Harper's Ferry all supplies necessary, and division commanders will require as much provision as possible to be packed in each wgon, and cattle to be driven. If possible, ten days' bread and small rations will be carried. Wherever grain and hay can be procured in Virginia it will be taken possession of by corps, division, and brigade quarteramster for the benefit of the command, and care be taken that there is no waste. Receipts will be always given.

* * * *

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

