HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Near Sandy Hook, October 31, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Be pleased to inform the major-general commanding that my command is as follows: Humphreys is in motion to cross the river and follow Couch. Sykes is in motion, and will camp as near as possible to Harper's Ferry on this side. Griffin, commanding Butterfield's division, in rear of Sykes, and will camp near him. Each command will try to fit out with clothing. Some have clothing here in canal boats, which they are directed to get to-day. Each wagon will be filled with as much provision (bread and small rations) as they can carry. Beef will be driven. As soon as Sykes can cross the river he will move and be followed by Butterfield. My headquarters are on the direct road from Berlin to Sandy Hook, just [sic] of Mr. Miller's house (General Slocum's headquarters) on the left side of the road. Business keeps me here at present, but if I am well enough and the commanding general does not pass by here to-day I will be down this afternoon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1862.

General MARCY,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Humphreys and Griffin will be over the river and about three miles up the valley by sundown. I shall send Sykes over to-morrow, to go beyond Humphreys, close to Couch, if circumstances permit. I would like to be informed if the general desires me to push up and keep closed to Couch, and if Couch is to continue on toward Snicker's Gap. If there be no impropriety in it, I would like for General Couch to notify me orhis rear division commander where he will march the following day, and if there is the slightest necessity of a force joining or support being required he will inform me without having to pass through general headquarters. If I am notified of what is passing in front, as the information goes to you, I shall act understanding, and there [will] be no delay. He should be informed of what he has to rely upon, or support him. I shall cross to-morrow and join the advance. At sundown I will inform you of the location of each division and the condition of their supplies.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Please inform if the commanding general desires to see me, by telegraph if in working order.

F. J. P.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,October 31, 1862.

Brigadier-General SYKES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Porter directs that early in the morning you proceed with your division through Harper's Ferry and over the

