HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 31, 1862-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General ALFRED PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

The commanding general has decided to make an advance to-morrow morning, as follows: General Reynolds' corps goes to the position now occupied by you, with his left at Hamilton. Couch advances to Woodgrove, with his right on the road to Snickersville. You will please move your headquarters to Philomont, picketing the Snickerville and Aldie road as near Snickersville as practicable. If you can throw scouts out to Bloomfield and Upperville, do so. Burnside will advance beyond Reynolds on the 2d. This movement need not make any change in the orders for your reconnissances with Bayard. I think we shall continue to advance from to-morrow. I send by the bearer some paper.

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 1, 1862-4 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to march your command early to-morrow morning to Snickersville. On your arrival there, if you find the enemy is still holding Snicker's Gap, you will attack and carry it at once. General F. J. Porter will follow you with his corps, and he will be instructed to furnish you assistance, should you require it. Should there be no force of the enemy at Snicker's Gap, you will leave one regiment there to hold it till General Porter comes up, and send one division of your corps to the Aldie and Ashby's Gap road, in the direction of Upperville. you will then move your remaining divisions in the same direction, as far as they can march. General Porter will establish his corps on the Aldie and Snickersville road. General Burnside will occupy loomfield, Union, and Philomont. General Reynolds will be on the left of General Burnside, and between the Aldie and Snickersville and Aldie and Ashby's Gap roads. General Pleasonton will to-morrow occupy Springfield, on the Manassas Gap Railroad.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Neersville, Six Miles from Harper's Ferry, November 1, 1862-2 p. m.

General R. B. MARCY, Chief of Staff:

My advance (Sykes) is close up to Couch (Sedgwick) and I am with it. The remainder of the corps is within one mile of me. Know nothing of O'Rorke's regiment. Considerable artillery firing in advance, apparently at Snicker's Gap, though sounding farther off. How shall I communicate with you, and where do you move to? Many of the wagons are getting provisions at Harper's Ferry and will be in camp to-night, though the broken bridge will cause delay.*

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]

---------------

*For reply, see 3 p. m., VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 526.

---------------

