
NEERSVILLE, [November 1, 1862]-5.40 p. m.

General MCCLELLAN:

Shall move two divisions to Couch's rear where Hillsborough road to Woodville joins this. Rear of his train left this camp at 4. Nothing unusual.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 1, 1862-10 p. m.

General MCCLELLAN,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Couch says he holds gap, and citizens in the mountains insist that Jackson is between Shenandoah and mountain, three miles over.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 22. Camp near Neersville, Va., November 1, 1862.

In obedience to Special Ordes, Numbers 305, headquarters Army of the Potomac, Major General George W. Morell is relieved from duty with this corps to assume command of a separate force operating on the Uppr Potomac. In accepting the independent command thus tendered him by the general-in-chief, Major-General Morell enters upon a wider and more responsible sphere of duty. While regretting this separation from the corps, the commanding general can but congratulate General Morell on the assumption of these increased responsibilities, and hopes that he will meet with the same honorable success in their discharge that has attended his efforts in the command which he has exercised in this corps.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 166. Camp near Neersville, Va., November 1, 1862.

1. Sykes' and Humphreys' divisions will march to-morrow, the former at 6 and the latter at 6.45 a. m. Each will be followed by their respective ambulance trains. Sykes' wgon train will follow Humphreys' ambulances, and Humphreys' train Sykes'. One regiment will from the rear guard to each division. Quartermasters must see that their trains run into the roads, so as to cause no delay, and keep closed, and on arriving at camp go quickly into camp.

2. Butterfield's division will be held ready to move at short notice, and if not called to-morrow will march at 6 a. m. oin the 3rd instant and join the corps, taking the road to Snikcer's Gap.

3. Butterfield's division will march at 7.30 a. m. to-morrow, following the ambulance train of Humphrey's division. The wagon trains will follow Butterfield's ambulances in the following order: Sykes', Humphreys', Butterfield's. A regiment as rear guard will accompany

