
each division train. Three days' provisions will be carried, and the cartridge-boxes will be filled with ammunition. Ammunition trains will precede baggage trains of each division.

* * * *

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 53. November 1, 1862.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 305, from headquarters ARmy of the Potomac, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this division. Lieutenant Henry W. Perkins is appointed acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. W. Ryder is appointed acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant R. L. Livingstone is appointed acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George A. Batchelder is appointed acting ordnance officer. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[19.]

NEERSVILLE, November 1, 1862-7.45 p. m.

General COUCH,

Commanding Second Corps:

I have just received a dispatch from General Marcy of the same tenor, I presume, as yours,* i. e., to render assistance to you if you wish it on finding Snicker's Gap occupied by the enemy, and to go forward myself, &amp;c. I shall move at 6 a. m., and shall hope from time to time to receive information from you which will enable me to execute my instructions. I also ask that special pains may be taken to keep your wagons so as not to interfere with my marching, and in all cases to keep well to one side of the road in case I have to pass. Your train did not leave camp till 4 p. m., so from this you will see that if I am wanted you must keep the road clear. Please let me know where you are and how moving, and oblige,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]

NOVEMBER 1, 1862.

General COUCH,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Your note by Lieutenant Wetmore, of cavalry, is received. I congratulte you and hope you will continue successful. I shall keep as close to you as possible and give you all the aid you wish, if the wagons are not in the way. I send you my instructions.* I shall be up as soon as possible. Am near Gorman's camp. Signal from Maryland Heights says:

We saw more tents and wagons at Berryville this afternoon then heretofore. Smokes in that vicinity about the same. A small camp seen about four miles south of Charlestown.

---------------

*See 3 p. m., VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 526.

---------------

