
I would suggest you hold the gap strongly till I get up. Will send an officer forward to you in the morning. Please keep me informed of your movements, opposition, and success. I doubt that Jackson is near, though I think some force is there to strike our rear if left unguarded. God speed and prosper you.

Yours, truly,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,November 1, 1862-6 p. m.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: We move about six miles to the front to-morrow, and I wish you and Sykes close tugether in case we should be called upon to give aid in advance. Butterfield remains to get in complete order. To march this short distance too much labor is expended moving a whole corps and too much time. Couch's rear wagons left camp at 4.30 p. m., his advance at 7 a. m. I hope to keep all right to-morrow, and to have no cutting into you by trains. The distance between the commands will enable you to keep straight on, giving a short rest every hour, without causing delay or being delayed by the advance. Send an ambulance up here for a mail. We are on the right of the road, first camp immediately on the road. If you wish to send back to your camp to-morrow for stores left in it, you will have time. Feed your animals well, use hay, fodder, &amp;c.; it is abundant; give receipts. The whole people are secesh.

Yours, truly,

F. J. PORTER.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Wheatland, Va., November 1, 1862.

General STURGIS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to instruct you to have your command in readiness to march early to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. A. HUTCHINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 1, 1862-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

The commanding general directs you to march your command forward to-morrow, and to occupy the Manassas Gap Railroad at Springfield and vicinity. General Couch will move to Snickersville, and attack and carry Snicker's Gap, should the enemy still hold it. Should there be no force of the enemy there, he will send one division to occupy the Aldie and Ashby's Gap road, in the direction of Upperville, and move up his remaining divisions in the same direction, as far as they can march. General F. J. Porter will establish his corps on the Aldie and Snickersville road; General burnside will occupy Bloomfield,

