
regiment of Couch's in the gap near Woodgrove. As soon as the road is sufficiently clear, or it can be ascertained that Sykes and Humphreys can move on, they will cotinue to advance toward Snickersville. Butterfield will bivouac, allow the trains to pass thorugh, and move on to-morrow morning-all this in case he gets no other orders. The one to march on to-day be given. The road from Worthington house is blocked, but if possible I wish to get Sykes and Humphreys to Snickersville and Butterfield within reach.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

The regiment left by Butteffiled tot ake it splace in the gap to relive Couch's will be relieved only inc ase there is no enemy there to-morrow Messengers will be sent to communicate with the regiment.

F. J. P.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Novembere 2, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BUTTERFIELD,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Inclosed herein please find map showing Woodgrove and Snickersville. The general commanding directs that you camp at Woodgrove to-night and move to Snickersville to-morrow. You will find a house on the left side of road containing some secesh women-at Woodgrove. The general wants you to keep your trains well up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. MONTEITH,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Hancock has carried Snicker's Gap and is pushing forward.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Wheatland, November 2, 1862.

Colonel DANIEL LEASURE,

Commanding First Division:

COLONEL: You will at once march your command for Philomont. You will take up a position on your left on the pike at Philomont, with your rights stretching toward Union. General Getty's division will be at, or as near as possible to, Union, with General Sturgis at Bloomfield. General Stoneman will follow up your left. You will send Captain Means, with his company, to these headquarters, keeping a few of his men with you for guides.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. A. HUTCHINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Wheatland, Va., November 2, 1862.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: You will march your command without delay as near as possible to Bloomfield, and take up a position facing toward Snickersville

