
to-morrow to a position between Aldie and Snickersville and Aldie and Ashby's Gap roads, with one division thrown forward to Middleburg. General Reynolds will forward these communications to General McClellan, and will be ready to move to your assistance, if necessary. If you need immediate assistance call upon General Willcox at Philomont. You will be informed during the night of the movements for to-morrow. It is not yet known whether General Couch has yet passed Snicker's Gap. You will be informed to-night of the position of troops on the right.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Wheatland, November 2, 1862-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 6.30 p. m. is received. General McClellan is to-night at Snikersville. Headquarters will move to Purcellville to-morrow and perhaps farhter. The ammunition for Penington's battery was sent this afternoon to Union, to which place you had better send for it if it has not reached you. Hancock has possession of Snicker's Gap, and has dispersed a column of 5,000 or 6,000 infantry that advanced to retake it, by his rifled guns.

Yours, respectfully,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

By WM. F. BIDDLE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Philomont, November 2, 1862-8 a. m.

Colonel HOFMANN:

COLONEL: The general directs me to say that he has knowledge of a force of the enemy at Union. He is going there and wishes you to move forward your forces to support him at that place.

By command of Brigadier-General Pleasonton:

J. C. ROUSSEAU,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp, in the Field.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Snickersville, November 3, 1862.

Brigadier General R. B. MARCY,, Chief of Staff:

Couch and Burnside have been ordered to the vicinity of Upperville, and Couch has been ordered to reconnoiter Asbhy's Gap. Reynolds has been ordered to the vicinity of Bloomfield and Union. Please direct Pleasonton to scout well toward Ashby's Gap, to ascertain what enemy there is there. Headquarters had better move at once to the point where the Mount Gilead road comes into the Snickersville and Aldie pike. We will meet you there. The general desires that you send back to hurry Franklin up.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

