
posted in Snicker's Gap and will hold the pass, keeping his division in readiness to move at short notice.

* * * *

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Bloomfield, November 4, 1 862.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

General McClellan directs that you move your command via Bloomfield to Union, as far toward Upperville as you can move without too much fatiguing your men. Please report for orders at Upperville, as headquarters will be there.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 4, 1862-10.30 p. m.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that your command to-morrow take position on the Aldie pike, east of Upperville. One division will move to its destination via Bloomfield. He also desires me to say that no more wagons will be sent to the Potomac for stores. Those on their way from that river will be brought up as rapidly as possible. Supplies will hereafter be obtrained by the Orange and Alexandria and Manassas Gap Railroads. General Burnside's command (the Ninth Corps and Stoneman's and Whipple's divisions) will to-morrow take post between Piedmont and Salem. General Reynolds will proceed to-morrow and next day to take position on General burnside's left and rear, extending from Rectortown to White Plains. General Porter's corps will, on Thursday, move by the Aldie pike through Middleburg to White Plains. General Couch will remain to-morow at Ashby's Gap. General headquarters will be established to-morrow at some point between Millville and Rectortown.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 4, 1 862.

Brigadier General A. PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

General McClellan directs me to say that General Burnside's command will move early in the morning and take the line between Piedmont and Salem. Reynolds take sthe line in rear and on the left of Burnside from Rectortown to White Plains. Couch and Porter will remain where they are to-morrow, unless otherwise ordered hereafter. Franklin closes upon the Aldie pike. Headquarters will be near Rectortown on the road from Millwille to Cetortown. Plese push as far

