
above Williamsburg. I report the above as na evidence of improvement, and to say that there is in the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry the material for a very good regiment.

I remain, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Rectortown, November 5, 1862.

Mr. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

The general desires that you have the telegraph pushed forward to this place as soon as possible, by the railroad line; also that arrangements be made to repair the line on the Orange and Alexandira road. Pleasonton had an elegant cavalry fight to-day witha superior force of cavalry and whipped them beautifully. Colonels Gregg, Davis, and Fransworth, and all the troops, did splendidly. Davis' horse was killed under him.

COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 33. November 5, 1862.

The troops of this corps will move to-morrow morning as follows: The First Division will march at 7 o'clock as far in the direction of Warrenton as possible by way of Salem. The Second Division will close up and follow the First by way of Salem. The Third Division will march at 8 o'clock in the direction of Warrenton by road to the west of Pig Nut Mountain. The cavalry will precede the First Division. Each division will send its pioneers in advance to repair the roads. The infantry will march as much as possible alongise of the roads and give the road to the artillery, and leave a sufficient rear guard to rotect its train. This order will be habitual. Supply trains will be sent to Salem for supplies.

By order of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Bayard's cavalry has been ordered to move to the west of Warrenton and gain its rear. Sigel is at Thoroughfare Gap. Burnside's corps moves in the direction of Waterloo.

C. K., Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,In the Field, November 5, 1862.

[Colonel HOFMANN:]

COLONEL: The general is ordered to Rectortown through Millville. Join him as quick as you can.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. HALSTED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

