
Rectortown, you will see by the map, lies on the railroad. We are to reach it to-night if possible. I have your brigade mail.

Respectfully,

E. P. HGALSTED.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Snickersville, Va., November 5, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The only indication of change on opposite side of the river apparent this morning is the display of eight additional pieces (two separate batteries), which came to vicinity of the ford and are posted so as not to be seen from our points of observation. General Tyler reports the fires opposite Ashby's Gap as increasing during the night. I send my wagon trains in advance to-day sufficiently far to be out of the way to-morrow, and at daybreak shall have all in motion. The advance will be in immediate vicinity of White Plains to-morrow night. A deserter from Ewell's force just in from opposite side says Ewell was at Millwood last night, and he was told that Hill (D. H.) was on this side of the river near Ashby's Gap. This 11 a. m. is reported five battalions of the usual size relieved the enemy's pickets this morning and was followed by eight guns. The deserter states Longstreet is said to be down about Culpeper Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Snickersville, Va., November 5, 1862-2 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Aide and Assistant Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 12.15 just received.* I have previously sent a report under the impression headquarters had moved. To-day eighteen guns have been exhibited in front of the ferry, and six are visible. The same exhibition of force to-day that we have seen heretofore, variously estimated at 4,000 to 6,000 men, and if there is a regular relief daily the number is double. After five battalions, of about 400 each, had emerged from the woods in front of the ford the woods seemed filled with them. The camp reamins the same, w ith wagons loaded with hay and wagons hauling forage top it. Every officer says there is no apparent change, and reports come from various points and officers from generals down. A deserter from Ewell's division (so he says) stated at 11 a. m. that it was at Millwood last night, and he was told that D. H. Hill was on this side of the Shenandoah near Ashby's Gap. He says he came through Trap Gap to avoid Hill. Longstreet, he says, is at or near Culpeper Court-House, but does not know, and Hill (A. P.) is at Berryville. The same report comes from the Forty-fourth New York in regard to enemeyu's apparent force. General Tyler says the fires opposite Ashby's Gap increased last night. I have sent my trains to Middleburg (fifteen miles), Humphreys guarding. This is to enable the infantry to get well forward to White Plains (twenty-three miles) to-morrow. The citizens of Loudoun County (or, perhaps, the Loudoun County Cavalry,

---------------

*See VOL. XIX, Part II, p. 546.

---------------

