
returned through some passes north of us) have appeared on the road hence to Harper's Ferryu, and attacked one train. They roam the road unarmed, but at favorale opportunity resume their arms concelaed on the roadside. I have sent cavalry on the road as far as Neersville. The command marches at daylight via Mountville, Middleburg, &amp;c., toward White Plains. Humphreys will be there; the others close by. I think it advisable to warn all messengers against mounted citiznes.

I am, general, very respectfully,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Snickersville, Va., November, 5, 1862.

Humphreys' division will march to-day as soon as practicable; take the road to White Plains via Philomont, Mountville, Middleburg, &c., and camp to-night between Mountville and Middleburg. To-morrow he will move to and camp near White Plains. In order to relive the road to-morrow, all wagons of the other divisions which will not be required for the service of the troops to-night will be sent with Humphreys' train under the general direction of the chief quartermaster, Butterfield leading. Buttefield will march at 5.30 to-morrow, taking the same road as Humphreys, and camp as near as possible to him. Sykes will withdraw his command from the gap in time to follow Butterfield and camp near him. Unless otherwise directed the trains which do not go to-day of these two divisions will precede their commands. The train of the Forty-fourth New York will rejoin its brigade early to-day and the regiment by dark. No communication hereafter with Harper's Ferry, and wagons now on the way must join to-night.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Rectortown, November 5, 1862-11.05 p. m.

Brigadier General A. PLEASONTON:

General McClellan directs that you concentrate the whole of Averell's brigade with your own and move upon Little Washington and Sperryville, as it is possible that the infantry and trains of the enemy may still be passing through Thornton's Gap. From Sperryville you are authorized to move upon Culpeper or any point between that and Warrenton where in your judgment you can be of service. Should you be satisfied that there is no large force in Culpeper or north of it, a reconnaissance as far as the line of the Rapidan will be of great value; in a any event is important to know whether the enemy hold the line of the Rappahannock in force. General Sigel reports that his cavalry at New Baltimore were attacked by and repulsed the enemy's cavalry and that the attempt was renewed to-day by 1,500 cavalry and four guns with similar results. General Burnside will be instructed to send to the vicinity of Markham all the cavalry that may be necessary. Averell's entire force can be withdrawn without waiting for other cavalry to arrive. Your dispatches of 6.30 and 8 p. m. are this moment received. Leave nothing undone to cut off the enemy's trains. The

59 R R-VOL LI, PT I

