
Waterloo and to occupy that place with at least one division. General Reynolds will move to-day as far as possible in the direction of Warrenton. General Franklin will move to-day to White Plains. General Bayard moves to-day to Warrenton, to turn it and to gain, if possible, the line of the Rappahannock. General Pleasonton will move to Little Washington and Sperryville, and thence to Culpeper or to such point between that place and Warrenton as he may find advisable. General Porter will move to-day as far as possible in the direction of White Plains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]

WHITE PLAINS, November 6, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Chief of Staff:

I have to report for the information of the commanding general my arrival at this place and the following location of the troops: Humphreys here; Butterfield five miles this side of Middleburg (nine mile distant); Sykes immediately behind him. The last two cannot get farther to-night on a ccount of the trains in a dvance of them. Both will be here early to-morrow. I left Snickersville at 8.30, at which time the rear guard was left in the gap and Sykes was getting into motion, trains in advance. His report of the appearances on opposite [side] of river was "no change." My aides saw their guns and troops this morning. The pickets report the rolling of vehicles to the rgiht or left all night, ceasing before daybreak. The enemy's pickets were very watchful. At 12 m. I was in sight of the gap, and all was quiet; the rear guard was coming down the mountain. A Confederate surgeon from Aldie applied to me for a pass to Winchester, which he "believed was in our possession, and by this time much within our lines." I would not give it, and required him to return to A[ldie] for three days. His impression was derived from Confederates passing by. Yesterday some 2,000 paroled prisoners and convalescents were sent up from Harper's Ferry to join the army. They were (they said) in charge of two officers. They straggled and strung from my camp to Harper's Ferry. Their presence delayed the marching [of] the rear guard. I tried to protect them and urge them forward, and all masses will arrive safe in camp. I had to turn back to-day wagons going to Harper's Ferry for supplies from corps in front, and hurry up some behind Snickersville. I believe the road is clear, except I am informed that the rebel cavalry have been in the woods all the time, and belong to the home guard of Loudoun County. Franklin is here with his corps. I hear that Reynolds marched to-day. I believe I am rationed for five to sevend ays with bread, sugar, &amp;c., and beef many days longer. I send Lieutenant McIntyre for orders.

I am, general, vey respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[19.]

WHITE PLAINS, November 6, 1 862-5.50 p. m.

Colonel RUGGLES,

Assistant Chief of Staff:

I avail myself of the opportunity of two signal offices going to headquarters to report arrival here, though I did so by an aide this

