
with his entire command. You will please furnish the cavalry necessary to watch Manassas Gap from Devin's regiment. The infantry brigade sent to-day will remain at the gap until further orders. Watch your immediate front with your own cavalry. Bayard has been ordered to move toward Warrenton and endeavor to turn it, andif poissible to gbain the line of the Rappahannock. Stoneman has been directed to picket his front with his own cavalry and to connect with Sigel. General Couch has been ordered to move toward Rectortown, to follow you up and support you. You will please move in the direction of Waterloo, occupying that position by at least a division to-night, with the remainder of your command closed up as much as possible. You will draw your supplies from Salem and White Plains. Please send a staff officer to headquarters as soon as your command moves. Porter has been ordered to move in the morning by White Plains to support you. If there is no sign of the enemy at Manassas, you are authorized to withdraw the brigade, and to withdraw the cavalry at night.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 6, 1862-11.45 a. M.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to occupy New Baltimore with two divisions of your corps, and to hold Thoroughfare Gap with one division. General Burnside is moving to-day with his command toward Waterloo and Warrenton. General Reynolds' corps is following toward Warrenton. General Couch's corps is following General Burnside to support him if necessary. General Franklin's corps will move to-day to White Plains. General Porter's corps will leae Snicker's Gap and proceed to-day in the same direction. General Pleasonton is pushing forward to Little Washinton, Sperryville, and Culpeper, or some point, if found more advisable, between that place and Warrenton. General Bayard is moving on Warrenton to turn it, and to gain, if possible, the line of the Rappahannock.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The commanding general has just received reliable information that General G. W. Smith is at Warrenton, General Lee at Gordonsville, and that a captain is commanding the post at Culpeper.

G. D. R.,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Rectortown, November 6, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Eleventh Army Corps:

General McClellan directs me to inform you that we are in possession of Warrenton. He desires that you hold your troops in their present position until further orders, but be ready to move on the shortest notice.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Ajdutant-General.

[19.]

