
you are joined by your battery please move in the direction of Warrenton, endeavoring to get to the west of and behind that place, so as to cut off whatever may be there. General Sigel reports his cavalry at New Baltimore were attacked yesterday by the enemy's cavalry, who were repulsed. The attempt was renewed to-day with 1,500 cavalry and four guns. The enemy were again driven back. If you are able to gain possession of Warrenton and to uct off whatever forces are I front of it, at once reconnoiter and hold if possible the line of the Rappahannock as far as Kelly's Ford. If you gain possession of the line you will be promptly re-enforced by a large force of artillery and infantry. Be sure to communicate frequently. Run no undue risk, but undertake anything that promises successful results.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS.] HARRISBURG, PA., November 7, 1862.

Brigadier General Andrew Porter is hereby appointed provost-marshal-general of the State of Pennsylvania. Brigadier Gens. I. N. Palmer and E. R. S. Canby are assigned to the command of the camps of drafted men at Philadelphia and Pittsburg, respectively.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Rectortown, November 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General HAUPT,

Superintendent Military Railroads, Washington:

The commanding [general] directs me to say that Gainesville will have to be his depot for all the troops until the Orange and Alexandria Railroad can be rapaired. Please repair the road to Gainesville from the junction so that it may be in good running order. The troops will be moved down as rapidly as possible to the Orange and Alexandria road. Please repair the Broad Run bridge at once, and be ready to put the rest of Orange and Alexandria road in order, as far as the Rappahannock, as fast as it is covered by the troops. Warrenton is in our possession.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 7, 1862-4 p. m.

Brigadier General H. HAUPT,

Superintendent Military Railroads:

Your dispatch of yesterday just received. As no cars reached this army until 10 a. m. to-day, I do not comprehend your statement that cars are not unloaded with sufficient promptitude.

It does not look well for the future working of the road that you anticipate accusations of delays that have not yet occurred. The delay

