
Waterloo. General Reynolds is in front of Warrenton. General Bayard is probably over the Rappahannock in the direction of Waterloo. General Pleasonton is probably near Sperryville. Your depot for supplies will be Gainesville until further orders. Supplies from there will be obtained by Centerville and Warrenton turnpike.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant chief of Staff.

P. S.-General headquarters will move to-morrow to Warrenton or vicinity. I inclose a sketch of the country for reference to-morrow and next day.

G. D. R.

PP. S.-The general desires me to add that the brigade at Piedmont will follow your command as a rear guard, either by way of Rectortown or by way of Salem, as you may judge best. The route by Salem, however, is deemed preferable. The cavalry of General Burnside, near Manassas Gap, will follow the movement of the entire command, and join General Burnside.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[19.]

WHITE PLAINS, November 7, 1862-12 m.

General MCCLELLAN,

Near Rectortown:

Sykes is in, and reports the enemy the same at Snicker's Ferry as heretofore. Scouts followed him a long distnace off. Stragglers are coming in from Harper's Ferry and report a large number there to come up from the Alexandria camp; also wagons. Enemy will certaintly take alarge number, and I recommend cavalry be sent to protect them. Mine have been and still are driving the men up.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[19.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 170. Camp near White Plains, Va., November 7, 1862.

* * * *

4. This corps will move to-morrow to New Baltimore via Georgetown in the following order: First Division (Butterfield's), 6 a. m.; Second Division (Sykes'), 7.30 a. m.; Third Division (Humphreys'), 8.30 a. m. The baggage wagons will move in the rear of Third Division in the order of the divisions. The ammunition and supply trains will follow in the same order in rar of the baggage trains, the officers of the quartermaster's and subsistence departments procuring such grain and subsistence as can be drawn at this depot before it is the turn of the supply trains to enter the column. If grain is to be had here it will be drawn, and three days' placed in each of the supply and ordnance wagons. Supplies will be drawn after to-morrow from Gainesville by the pike to Warrenton. A guard will accompany the ordnance and supply trains.

By command of Major General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]

