
and Twenty-eighth Virginia, Lieutenant Jones, Nineteenth Mississippi) - to reform into line and to taken the woods beyond the battery. This order was obeyed with greatest promptness and spirit. All seemed eager (although they had been under fire five hours) to renew the conflict, and charged into the woods and were engaged at once with the enemy, and had to sustain themselves under a heavy fire from superior numbers till re-enforcements came. When the move into the woods was ordered I sent an officer to the major-general commanding to ask that support might be sent to these troops. Soon after, seeing troops at a distance approaching, I walked along the road in the direction of Williamsburg, and met Colonel Ward, Second Florida, and at his request pointed our to him where our men were engaged in the woods. Upon the arrival of Colonel Ward's regiment in the woods the Ninth Alabama retired, having exhausted its ammunition. I then ordered them to the rear to look after their wounded, it being now late in the afternoon. I now assisted in rallying and forming some troops in a ravine running perpendicular to the road and just at the edge of the fallen timber. I remained here till dark, then joined the Tenth Alabama an returned to Williamsburg. The Ninth Alabama had already returned to their camp; the Nineteenth Mississippi followed. The Tenth Alabama and Nineteenth Mississippi reached their camp after 11 o'clock at night.

In closing my report I beg to assure you that during the entire day our men and officers behaved with a coolness and gallantry that should inspire the utmost confidence in the success of our cause, and for the future we have but to seek the enemy and the valor of our troops and the justice of our cause will insure their destruction and peace to our country. Where there was such uniform good conduct with both men and officers, it is difficult to particularize and to commend to special notice without failing to mention many that are deserving of praise. I must, however, call to your favorable notice the deeply lamented Colonel Mott, Nineteenth Mississippi, who fell in the thickest of the fight, while bravely leading and commanding his men; to Captain Macon, same regiment, severely wounded while skirmishing in advance of his regiment. To his report as to the position and strength of the enemy is due in great part our success in driving hm out from the standing timber from behind the fences. To Captains Martin, Hardin, Harris, Coffey, and McKenzie (the two latter wounded); to Lieutenant Jones,ag of his regiment into the enemy's battery; Lieutenant-Colonel Lamar, who, after the fall of the colonel of the Nineteenth Mississippi, assumed command of the regiment and commanded it during the continuance of the fight with great courage and skill. In the Ninth Alabama, I commend to your favorable notice Captain Murphy, who was conspicuous throughout most of the day for his coolness and courage, and late in the day fell, supposed to be mortally wounded; Captain Gillis, same regiment, severely wounded, was much distinguished for his soldierly bearing till he was disabled by a severe wound; Lieutenant McDonald, also severely wounded; Captains Smith and Warren and Lieutenant May deserve praise for their conduct at the capture of the enemy's battery; to Colonel Henry, Ninth Alabama, for the promptness with which he moved his regiment to the attack of the enemy, and afterward, after the battery was taken, to the manner in which he conducted his regiment into the woods beyond; in the Tenth Alabama, to Lieutenant-Colonel Forney, who fell severely wounded while encouraging his men in the thickest of the fight; to Captain Caldwell for his gallantry in rallying and encouraging his men when under a heavy fire.

