
also directs you to keep your cavalry out, and to scout thoroughly from your position to Leesburg on the right and to General Heintzelman's troops on the left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Assistant Chief of Staff.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., November 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the Fourth Army Corps has instructed me to inform you that he has this day left Yorktown on leave of absence for two weeks, and that during his absence you will assume command of all the forces at Yorktown, Williamsburg, and Gloucester.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, Numbers 155. November 9, 1862.

* * * *

3. Colonel W. P. Wainwright, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, having reported for duty, is hereby assigned to command the Second Brigade of this division, now commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hofmann.

By command of Brigadier-General Doubleday:

E. P. HALSTED,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[19.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Gaskins' Mill, Va., November 9, 1862-5.45 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army Headquarters:

GENERAL: Nothing further received from General Pleasonton. Whipple's scouts report no signs of the enemy's cavalry toward Flint Hill, &amp;c., to-day. The signal officers have been trying all day to establish communication, but fail to attract attention to their flag, although they see the one near Warrenton distinctly. They will try to-night. I respectfully inclose copy of the orders to General Sturgis, hoping they will be approved. Have picketed a regiment between camp and Miller's Ford and toward Orleans to supply the place of Sturgis' division. Have also desired General Stoneman to furnish further assistance to Pleasonton or Sturgis if they require it. Forage in the neighborhood used up. Can I send wagons ten miles for it to-morrow?

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

