HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 15, 1862.

General D. P. WOODBURY,

Engineer Brigade, near Navy-Yard, Washington:

General burnside wishes to have the second pontoon train sent by water to Aquia Creek, as proposed by General Halleck,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

[21.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 41. November 16, 1862.

The troops of this corps will move to-morrow as follows: The First Division (Doubleday's) will march at 7 o'clock, taking the road toward Warrenton Junction, and thence following the Second Division toward Bristersburg. The Second Division (Gibbon's) will march at 7 a. m., taking the road from Bealeton toward Warrenton junction and thence to Bristersburg. The Third Division (Meade's) will march at 8 a. m., and follow the First Division, its train in advance, to join the rear of Doubleday's train. Commanders of divisions will instruct their division quartermasters to cause their trains to move on the proper routes, and to draw up and park off the road whenever there is any halt caused by coming up with the troops. General Gibbon will l eave an officer at the place where the road turns off to Bristersburg to direct the march of the column in r ear, who will be replaced by an officer from the First Division to direct the Third Division. Lieutenant-Colonel Douty, First Maine Cavalry, will report with his regiment (except such portion as is now on duty at headquarters) to General Bayard, who is charged with covering the flank and rear of the column. General Gibbon will take the brigade of General Taylor with his division, directing its trains to move in advance of the brigade until it joins the column.

By order of Brigadier-General Reynolds:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 1. November 16, 1862.

I. By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 184, paragraph IV, dated headquarters Army of the Potomac, near Warrenton, Va., November 14, 1862, the undersigned hereby takes command of the Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.

II. The following officers are announced as having been selected to fill the positions on the staff of this corps, viz: First Lieutenant A. J. Alexander, Third Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. E. Morford, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, chief quartermaster; Surg. George L. Pancoast, medical director; First Lieutenant E. V. Sumner, First Cavalry, senior aide-de-camp.

III. The command of the First Division will, until further orders, devolve upon Brigadier-General Birney, volunteers.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps.

[21.]

