
interest to myself will be thankfully received. Please acknowledge receipt of this by bearer, with any suggestions you may think proper to make.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

[21.]
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Encamped at Warrenton Junction, November 17, 1862.

General SYKES:

GENERAL: Griffin camps about two miles below here on Elk Run road crossing. Humphreys camps here east of the Orange and Alexandria road, near where you camped when here before. Would like to have you get your trains over across the railroad and parked for the night, camping west of the railroad station on the run that crosses the road just before you get to the station, or near enough thereto for water. We move to-morrow toward Spotted Tavern. See McDowell's map.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Doctor Sumac's House, November 17, 1862.

General SYKES:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a rough sketch from the McDowell map, which will show you where we are to camp to-morrow night, and your route and the route of Griffin and Humphreys. A guide will be sent you at 6 a. m.; an orderly from Fifth Regiment Cavalry, who has been sent out to find a short cut to Weaversville. There is said to be a road to the right of the road through Bristersburg, said to be a better road. If you prefer you can move on one with your troops, the other with your wagons. Stoneman will be at Bealeton to-night and Moorrisville to-morrow night. Pick up all the forage you can to-morrow before you start at the station; two car-loads were ordered set a Part for you this afternoon.

Yours,

BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

[21.]
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Division:

Inclosed is a rough tracing from the McDowell map, showing you where to camp to-morrow night. Humphreys will start at same time you do, and it will require you to be prompt to keep out of his way. Sykes takes the other road. Stoneman should be at Bealeton to-night and Morrisville to-morrow night. If you run on the Ninth (Willcox's corps) double up your train in fields, and double up your brigades to clear room for Humphreys. I shall probably move down to Bristersburg to headquarters Spotted Tavern or below.

Yours,

BUTTERFIELD.

[21.]

