
This regiment was but little time under my direction during the fight, but from the report of its colonel I know that the regiment was in the front in the advance upon the enemy, and that the dead of the enemy marked the line of its advance. To Surgeon Peel, of the Nineteenth Mississippi, and chief surgeon of the brigade, and also to Surgeon Minor, of the Ninth, and Surgeon Walls, of the Tenth Alabama, much praise is due for the care and attention they bestowed on the wounded. Each of the surgeons was near the field during the battle. I inclose herewith a list of the killed and wounded. It will be seen that there were 231 killed and wounded. Of this number the Ninth Alabama, 333 strong, lost 61. Six of this number were missing. The Tenth Alabama, 320 strong, lost 70. The Nineteenth Mississippi, 501 strong, lost 100. To my personal staff, Captain W. A. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant T. R. Reading, Nineteenth Mississippi, I am indebted for much valuable assistance freely rendered on the field. They were prompt in transmitting orders, and performed all duty required of them cheerfully, taking them, as it frequently did, under the hottest fire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[11.]

MAY 15-JUNE 17, 1862.-Operations in the Shenandoah Valley, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Daniel R. Timmons, Fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding pioneer detachment, of engagement at Port Republic, June 8.

LURAY, VA., June 11, 1862.

Captain OLMSTED:

According to your orders I prepared to burn the bridge at Port Republic and stationed the pioneers awaiting orders. Colonel Carroll went across the bridge. On his return he gave no orders. Soon the rebel cavalry dashed upon the bridge, and I ordered the men to fire it. The rebels put out the fire. The pioneers guarded the rear by chopping down trees to obstruct the road.

Yours, truly,

D. R. TIMMONS,

Lieutenant.

[12.]

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SHIELDS' DIVISION,Front Royal, Va., June 4, 1862.

Captain E. B. OLMSTED:

SIR: You are directed to send a detail of forty pioneers with a lieutenant to accompany the command under Colonel Carroll to Port Republic. Be particular to instruct your men to burn the bridge at that place.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. R. SWIGART,

Lieutenant of Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[12.]

