
to each man. They will be governed by existing orders as to baggage and transportation.

5. The senior colonel of each brigade will send a staff officer to these headquarters for instructions as to the route and destination.

6. The troops of this command that have been ordered to move at a moment's notice will march at the following-named hours precisely: Those from Colonel Haskin's command at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning; those from General Abercrombie's command at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning; those from General Casey's command at 12 o'clock to-morrow.

The staff officers from the senior colonels commanding will report at these headquarters for instructions as soon as possible.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Fiarfax Court-House, November 30, 1862-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General STAHEL:

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The following dispatch is just received from General burnside:

General SIGEL:

Your dispatches of 6 p. M. and 7.30 p. m. received.* The commanding general desires me to tender his thanks to Brigadier-General Stahel, and the officers and men of his command, for the brilliant success they have achieved.

John G. PARKE,

Chief-of-Staff.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 2, 1862.

Lieutenant R. S. MACKENZIE,

General Summer's Headquarters:

General Burnside wishes you to select at Banks' and United States Fords good positions for batteries to cover crossing at those places. One position should, if practicable, be at some distance above, and the other some distance below, the ford to be covered, in the woods, if possible. Look carefully to the approaches to these positions, especially to the upper position at United States Ford. Before the batteries are placed in position, if these positions are wooded they will have to be cleared up, but a screen of threes should be left to hide what we are doing till the last moment. No work will be done until specially ordered, but you should decide on a plan of operations, size of working party, &amp;c., so as to be ready to begin at once when the other is given. Get all the information you can about depth of water and character of fords, especially about the approach on the other side of United States Ford, which seems to cross a canal.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

[21.]

