
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 61. December 5, 1862.

The troops of this command will move to-morrow in direction of the White Oak Church on the road to King George Court-House as follows: The Third Division (Meade's) will move at 6 a. m.; the First Division (Doubleday's) at 9 a. m.; the Second Division (Gibbon's) at 12 m. Each division will send a pioneer party in advance, under an efficient officer, to repair the road and crossings of the streams. General Meade will send out the pioneers of his division this afternoon, directing them to camp on the road. All supplies will be carried, so that there will be no sending back after them, unless it be for the commissary stores, which some of the divisions may not be able to carry. If there are any such they will be placed together in one place and a small guard left with them. As much forage will be carried as possible. Each team will have at least three days'. The brigade of Colonel Gavin will remain on the duty it is now on until further orders.

2. The movement of this corps, as directed in paragraph 1, General Orders, Numbers 61, of this date, is postponed until further orders, but all preparations for the march will be made so as to move as soon as the road permits. Division commanders will be careful to keep up their supplies of quartermaster's and commissary stores. General Doubleday, commanding First Division, will establish his line of pickets to the front, and General Meade, commanding Third Division, his, from Accokeek Creek to the river.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 1ST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 105. Near Brooke's Station, Va., December 5, 1862.

General Doubleday having received leave of absence, the command of the division devolves upon Brigadier-General Paul, who hereby assumes command.

By order of Brigadier-General Paul:

HENRY T. LEE,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General

[21.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 86. December 5, 1862.

* * * * *

6. Brigadier General E. H. Stoughton having, in accordance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, reported for duty to these headquarters, is assigned to the command of the Vermout brigade (Second Brigade), Casey's division. He will report in person without delay to Brigadier General Silas Casey.

By command of Major-General Heitzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. December 6, 1862.

Captain R. B. Ayres, Fifth Artillery, is hereby announced as acting chief of the artillery of the Sixth Army Corps. He will be obeyed and

