
Deep Run), in addition to the infantry, there should be one battery of light 12-pounders, in addition to the guns from the reserve artillery.

At each bridge there will be held in readiness one pontoon wagon loaded with material for bridge twenty-six feet long, for use of commanders of grand divisions.

C. B. COMSTOCK.

DECEMBER 9, 1862.

(Last paragraph erased. Spoke to General Woodbury, who promised to attend to it, at General Burnside's tent, this evening, December 9.)

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,December 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General PAUL and TAYLOR,

Commanding First and Second Divisions:

GENERALS: The commanding general directs that you more forward early to-morrow morning your commands on the road you are now on, toward General Burnside's headquarters, so as to be as near up as possible to the Belle Plain road, which runs in front of the general headquarters and on which General Meade's division is encamped. You will send at daylight in the morning a staff officer to these headquarters, to whom will be shown your positions. This is not to be construed as the order in which company commanders are ordered to issue the twenty rounds of extra ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

MEMORANDUM HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

ORDERS. Camp near White Oak Church, Va., December 9, 1862.

This command will be held in readiness to march at a moment's notice to-morrow. The officers and men will be provided with three days' cooked rations, commencing to-morrow morning. A careful inspection will be had to-day of cartridge-boxes, and all willbe filled to the number of forty rounds. Additional ammunition will be issued to captains of companies, who will distribute the same, and before the march to-morrow, to their men at the rate of twenty rounds, to be carried in pockets. Division commanders will see that their batteries and ammunition trains are supplied with three days' forage. Subsequent orders will be issued as to the disposition to be made of the other trains, of the order and hour of march, and of the points to take position.

By command of Major-General Smith:

CHAS. MUNDEE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., December 10, 1862-10.15 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth:

I beg of you not to telegraph details of your plans nor the times of your intended movements. No secret can be kept which passes through so many hands.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[21.]

