
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 11, 1862-9.34 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Falmouth:

Permit me to suggest the importance of pushing re-enforcements across during the night, so as to be able to resist any attack during the morning. This seems to me of vital importance.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[21.]

HEADQUATERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., December 12, 1862-12 m.

General SYKES,

General GRIFFIN,

General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Divisions:

A change has been made in the crossing of the divisions of the Third (Stoneman's) Corps. General Whipple's division crosses the right (upper) bridge, General - the center, and General - the left. This will not change the dispositions of this corps. General Sykes will follow the division of Stoneman's corps, whichever it may be, that crosses the upper bridge. General Humphreys the center, as above, General Griffin the left. General Griffin will be careful not to follow General Whipple when he (Whipple) changes position to cross the upper bridge. General Whipple's division holds Fredericksburg and the bridge-heads. No definite orders are as yet published for our movements after crossing the river. The general disposition of the Center Grand Division is at present understood to be to support the Right and Left Grand Divisions, or pursue as circumstances may require.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., December 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General NAGLEE,

Commanding Reconnaissance, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The following telegram has this moment (4.30 p. m.) been received from Fortress Monroe:

Major-General KEYES:

We may want your whole force at Yorktown. General Naglee's expedition having accomplished the object, his force had better be recalled.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

In accordance therewith the major-general commanding directs that you return to Yourktown immediately with all your force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]

