
WASHINGTON, December 15, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Falmouth:

I have seen your aide, Major Goddard. You will be fully sustained in any measures you may adopt in regard to unreliable officers. In regard to movements we cannot judge here. You are the best judge. Anything you may want will be supplied as soon as possible. General Dix will assist by diversions. We have every confidence in your judgment and ultimate success.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chieff.

[21.]
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Stafford Court-House, Va., December 15, 1862.

Colonel CESNOLA,

Commanding Cavalry:

The general directs you to march with your cavalry to Falmouth, where you will draw forage and provision, and march to Hartwood. Your picket on Potomac Creek will march at once to Hartwood, leaving a picket of ten men at the creek. From Hartwood this picket will send patrols to Richards' Ford and toward Morrisville. (See diagram.*)

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., December 16, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel LEWIS,

Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general is informed of a threatened attack by General Wise upon your command, with the intent to 'surround and capture you." He desires, therefore, that you will take every precaution to prevent a surprise. He desires further that to-morrow you send out a reconnaissance (provided your horses are in condition) in the direction of New Kent Court-House, Diascund Bridge, Long Bridge, and Providence Forge, to see if there are any movements in that direction. You will please make report to these headquarters of the success of the reconnaissance and of any facts that you may learn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Falmouth, Va., December 16, 1862.

Colonel CESNOLA,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

The general commanding directs you to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow to the camp about half a mile on the other side of Stafford Court-House, with your right wing 100 strong at Aquia and your left 150 strong resting on Potomac Creek, sending patrols and scouting parties

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

