
to the west toward Garrisonville, Spottedville [Spotted Tavern], and Hartwood Church. Fifty men will report to Brigadier-General Stahel, commanding First Division, at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(See diagram.*)

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 17, 1862.

General D. P. WOODBURY:

As our crossing the river by pontoon bridges and then recrossing it in perfect safety, and directly in the face of a large army opposed to us, is among the rarest operations of war, I have thought that a record of it on fire in the Engineer Department might not be without interest, or perhaps of future use. If you will let me have copies of the reports of the different officers commanding bridge parties I will compile such a record, and, with permisson of commanding general, forward it to the Engineer Department.+

Very truly, yours,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, &amp;c.:

SIR: I beg leave most respectfully to recommend for promotion as brigadier-general of volunteers Captain S. H. Weed, Fifth Artillery, and Colonel Strong Vincent, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallantry and good services in the attack of December 13 and the subsequent operations to this date. Captain Weed's judgment, energy, and bravery were beyond praise. His merits as an educater and experienced officer are well known. He seeks the post of honor and danger on the field, and has proven his capacity for the promotion. Colonel Vincent has been long under my command, and has by gallantry and devotion to duty richly merited promotion. I would ask that these officers may be promoted and assigned to duty with me.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,CENTER GRAND DIVISION,

December 17, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I understood from my staff officer who called upon you last evening that you were to cover our right from Potomac Creek in front of Stafford Court-House to the river or Aquia Creek. I have sent out a strong picket of infantry to connect from your line at Potomac

---------------

* Omitted.

+ See Comstock's report, VOL. XXI, p. 167.

---------------

