
Junction, Catlett's Station, and Brentsville with the utmost vigilance, as the enemy's cavalry is reported to be over that country in large scouting parties. Send a patrol to Chopawamsic Creek, on the road to Purcell's Mill, and three or four miles beyond. Send also a patrol to Dumfries, over the Telegraph road, who will report to the commanding officer at Dumfries and hand to him the inclosed letter, which may also serve for your private information. Close the letter after you have read it.

Very respectfully,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The partols going toward Dumfries must order all trains to this place at once, without mentioning anything about the enemy.

T. A. M.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., December 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have to-day reported through the Adjutant-General my assumption of the command of the Middle Department and Eighth Army Corps. In the exercise of a proper courtesy under the circumstances toward General Wool, and consulting our mutual convenience, although I came here on Friday last, the command was not formally turned over until to-day. I find that up to this time there has been no transfer of the troops now at or near Harper's Ferry to this command. General Kelley has not reported, and indeed General Wool does not understand that his command of any forces along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad extends farther west them the Monocacy bridge, or perhaps the Point of Rocks, nor that this military department as to Maryland now includes more than the Eastern Shore and four other counties. I beg leave to suggest the propriety of immediately issuing a general order from the War Department defiring the extent and exact limits of this department and command and designating the troops that compose the corps.* I am entering upon the discharge of my duties here under serious disadvantages from the want of an organized staff. May I also request, therefore, that as early action may be had as possible upon the recommendations for appointments and assignments which I filed in the Adjutant-General's Office on the 18th instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your Special Orders, Numbers 207, and in pursuance of the instructions of the General-in-Chief

---------------

* For reply, see VOL. XXI, p. 874.

---------------

61 R R-VOL LI, PT I.

