
of the Army, I have this day assumed the command of the Middle Department and Eighth Army Corps, thus relieving Major General John E. Wool. I inslose herewith a copy of my first general order, announcing myself to the troops of the corps.* I arrived here on the 19th instant, but consulting the mutual convenience of General Wool and myself, there was no formal turning over of the command to me until to-day. In the meantime I have been endeavoring, as far as has been possible, to inform myself of the condition of affairs in the department and to commence some organization of my staff.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[21.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 101. December 22, 1862.

* * * * *

2. The Fourth New York Artillery, One hundred and eighteenth, One hundred and fifty-second, and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers are hereby formed into and will constitute temporarily a brigade, of which the senior colonel will assume the command.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 23, 1862.

Colonel S. H. ALLEN,

Commanding at Frederick City, Md.:

SIR: Your communication of yesterday has been received at these headquarters. It is not deemed advisable to increase any force there may now be at Federick City. The regiment stationed at Monocacy bridge will be in part removed so as to be stationed and distributed for the better protection of the line of railroad and for guarding the fords on the Potomac. A regiment of cavalry, the Thirteenth Pennsylvania, Colonel Galligher commanding, has been to-day ordered to Point of Rocks, and will patrol the railroad and scout on both sides of the river. This arrangement will give you more security and protection against raids of rebels at Frederick than any increase of the number of your troops there. The whole of the State of Maryland being now within this department, your reports will hencoforth be made to these headquarters. The general commanding thinks that the title of "Military Governor of Frederick" had better be dispensed with. You are probably in command as the senior officer stationed at Frederick, but not knowing the particular troops now there, I am not aware of what regiment you are the colonel commanding, nor whether of cavalry or infantry. Your returns hereafter will of course explain.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

---------------

* See VOL. XXI, p. 873.

---------------

