SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 110. December 31, 1862.

* * * * *

2. The following-named regiments, now serving as a provisional brigade, under command of Brigadier General Silas Casey, are hereby assigned to his regular division and will be reported accordingly: Thirty-ninth, One hundred and twenty-fifth, One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiments New York Volunteers, and One hundred and fifty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., January 1, 1863.

Colonel TRUEX,

Monocacy Bridge:

Send back Colonel Ketcham with the eight companies of his regiment, One hundred and fiftieth New York, now with him; also the two sections of Chalfin's battery. Let them leave Monocacy as early in the day to-morrow as transportation is provided.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Yorktown, January 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUSTEED,

Commanding Brigade:

SIR: I have ordered a reconnaissance to be made to-night and to-morrow on the Gloucester side of York River with cavalry under Major Hall. He will land at Cappahosic and come down and enter our lines above the Point. I have ordered signals to be arranged by Lieutenant Andrews, signal officer, and I wish you to instruct Colonel Grimshaw to be on the alert to give assistance in case of need, and to make sure his pickets do not fire on our own men.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, January 2, 1863.

Major HALL,

Sixth New York Cavalry:

SIR: It is supposed that a picket of rebel cavalry, amounting to fifty or sixty in number, are lying somewhere between Cappahosic Creek and Gloucester Point. I desire that you shall capture all or a portion of that picket. You will take with you 170 troopers, which is all you think are necessary, and with that force will be landed during the night at Cappahosic. Guides which have been selected by Captain Parker, of the gun-boats, will accompany you. Use your best discretion, and be careful not to allow your party to be surprised or captured.

