
You will arrange with Lieutenant Andrews, signal officer, the matters to be observed on coming into our post at Gloucester Point.

I remain, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, January 3, 1863-10 a. p.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Drummondtown, Va.:

The general commanding directs that you come to these headquarters as soon as the condition of your command will permit. He desires to assign you to the command of a brigade which may give you more active service, and also to confer with you in relation to Eastern Shore matters. You will turn over your present command temporarily to your officer next in rank.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., January 4, 1863.

Colonel D. T. VAN BUREN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that a reconnaissance ordered by me on the 2nd instant, composed of a squadron of Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and a squadron of Sixth New York Cavalry, all under Major W. P. Hall, Sixth New York Cavalry, returned last night. The party landed at Cappahosic, some sixteen miles above Gloucester Point, and in the course of a little more than twenty-four hours made an extensive examination of the country on the left bank of the York River, extending to Gloucester Court-House and beyond. The reconnaissance was conducted with spirit, and resulted in the capture of one prisoner, a trooper of the Fifth Virginia Cavalry, and seven horses. No trace of the enemy in force was discovered, and the country was found nearly bare of stock and the men capable of bearing arms were mostly absent. Inclosed is a copy of Major Hall's report.*

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 3. January 5, 1863.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General Alexander Hays, having reported for duty to these headquarters in accordance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, is hereby assigned to the brigade now commanded by Colonel F. G. D'Utassy, and will report immediately in person to Brigadier General Silas Casey, commanding division.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CORROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

