
at that point. The secrecy and rapidity of the raid, and the fack that my people were at the moment of setting out impressed with the idea that they were destined for another point, alome saved Major Hall and his party. I am almost certain that there is above 1,000 rebel cavalry on this side the Chickahominy, and I am and shall be obliged to keep my small forces home or they will be captured. It must be borne in mind that all the six regiments of infantry under my command were only a few weeks ago perfectly raw. They are making astonishing improvements in their exercises, and will be in a short time among the best regiments in the army. But there is not enough infantry to line the ramparts of the forts, much less to do that and at the same time to furnish detachments for service far away from our works. I have plans in view which would, I think, if carried out, damage the enemy to a very great extent, but I do not think it worth to explain those plans, unless I can have a considerable force placed at my disposal. I think it absolutely necessary, however, to enable me to annoy the enemy to any considerable extent, that I should have another full regiment of infantry and another full regiment of good cavalry. I could then place a small garrison of infantry and artillery in Fort Magruder, below Williamsburg, to guard against what may now at any time be expected - an attack on that city on the camp of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, a few miles below it. Should you approve the contents of this letter, will you please to submit it to the Headquarters of the Army?

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., January 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUSTEED,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that you will have 100 men of the Fourth Delaware Volunteers (properly officered) fully equipped, but in light marching order, at the dock at Gloucester to-morrow morning (January 13) at 8 o'clock. They are designed for a short expedition. Captain Clark, post quartermaster, has been instructed to send the ferry-boat Winnisimmet for the party. They will be instructed to ge on board as rapidly as possible, as the boat must return to its wharf on his side before finally leaving. The expedition will return in the afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 11. January 13, 1863.

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General J. T. Copeland is hereby assigned to the command of the Fifth and Sixth Regiments of Michigan Cavalry, and will report immediately in person to Brigadier General Silas Casey, commanding division.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

