SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 12. January 14 1863.

* * * * *

4. Brigadier General R. O. Tyler, commanding artillery brigade, will immediately assume command of Fort Lyon and its dependencies in addition to his present command.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., January 14, 1863.

Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron,

Hampton Roads, Va.:

SIR: In the course of my service here my attention has been necessarily called on many occasions to the manner in which the gun-boats on York River co-operate with the land forces. I have particularly noticed the admirable manner in which Captain Foxhall A. Parker has exercised his office of immediate commander of the naval forces in this neighborhood. That officer certainly combines in his character caution and enterprise in a remarkable degree, and I trust I do not infringe any rule of service when I solicit for him a full measure of your confidence, and such an amount of discretion in the discharge of his duties as will enable him to act in concert with me, as is often necessary, at a moment's notice.

I remain, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General.

[18.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION,Camp near White Oak Church, January 16, 1863.

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the general commanding directs that your command be ready to march at an early hour on the morning of the 17th instant, with three days' cooked rations and your supply train loaded with hard bread and small commissary stores. Sixty rounds of ammunition will be carried by each man. The hour of starting will be indicated to you to-day. In the meantime the general commanding desires that you will not communicate these orders, but simply hold everything in readiness as directed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. McMAHON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. January 17, 1863.

* * * * *

2. Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, Twenty-third New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general of the corps, having been relieved

