SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 18. Stafford Court-House, January 21, 1863.

1. The troops comprising the Eleventh Army Corps will be held in readiness to march from their respective positions at an hour's notice, with three days' cooked rations in their haversacks.

2. In the event of an attack by the enemy, or other pressing emergency, the commanders of the Second Division and the cavalry brigade of this corps will for the time being report to Brigadier-General Schurz, commanding Third Division.

By order of Brigadier-General Stahel:

H. BALDWIN, Jr.,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS GRAND RESERVE DIVISION,Stafford Court-House, January 21, 1863.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps, Dumfries:

GENERAL: In taking your position at Stafford Court-House the general desires you to post one division on the north side and one on the south side of the town, front toward the west and southwest. Two regiments of infantry must be put on picket half a mile west of the road leading from Potomac Creek by Stafford Court-House to Aquia Church, this line extending from Potomac Creek to Aquia Creek. Your cavalry will encamp between Aquia Church and Stafford Court-House, about two miles north of Stafford Court-House, throwing their pickets and vedettes out to the west in front of the infantry pickets.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENGURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, January 21, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Harper's Ferry, Va.:

GENERAL: I have ordered you to-day to send Colonel Pierce's Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry immediately from Kearneysville to the front at Winchester. Situated as he is, General Milroy needs cavalry more perhaps than any one else. I know the importance of looking after the crossing of the Shepherdstown road at Kearneysville, but Colonel McReynolds will have to attend to that for the present by detachment from Martinsburg. As soon as the river rises and promises to keep fairly and steadily up I shall send you, or send to the front, also the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry from the Point of Rocks, and have you send down in its place an infantry regiment, perhaps Colonel Schley's Fifth Maryland. And yet it may be possibly better to take one from another State, for I do not think that Maryland troops are the best fitted for that kind of guard duty. I am giving my attention to the subject of improving and securing the railroad bridge at Harper's Ferry, so as to make if fit and safe for the crossing of troops. A vast deal may depend upon that. I was glad you sent General Kenly down; he has doubtless made full report to you of our interview.

