
DUMFRIES, January 23, 1863.

Colonel MEYSENBURG:

Information received from reliable source that General Jackson's command is at Port Royal, on Rappahannock. A mail came from there yesterday, and I am making arrangements to intercept one which I am informed will leave here Saturday.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel.

[21.]

DUMFRIES, January 23, 1863.

General SIGEL:

I must have more cavalry. The enemy are following, picking up men on the road, and the cavalry I have cannot do the work required of them in patrolling and keeping the roads secure. I have only 150.

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel.

[21.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION,January 26, 1863.

OFFICER AND MEN OF THE LEFT GRAND DIVISION:

In obedience to the order of the highest authority the undersigned relinquishes the command of the Left Grand Division. He does so with sincere regret. His connection with the command has ever been pleasant. The prompt obedience and cheerful co-operation you have at all times rendered, your patient endurance upon the march, your steady bravery upon the field, the manly determination with which you have encountered and overcome the dangers and hardships of several trying campaigns command his admiration and gratitude. All of you are endeared to him by gallant conduct and loyal service, and most of you by the memories of many battle-fields and the proud recollection that from none of them have you been driven back. By these common memories he exhorts you to prove true and fight gallantly in the future, as you have ever done in the past, for the great cause in which you are engaged, believing that for yourselves you will win imperishable fame, for your country final and enduring victory. In severing a connection which you have made so dear, he asks that no one will believe that he voluntarily parts with you in the face of the enemy.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[25.]
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, January 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General MILROY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Winchester, Va.:

I have directed General Kelley to send the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, a full regiment, from the Point of Rocks, to report to you for duty.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

