
that soon their thinned ranks will be filled, and they, once more restored and reorganized, will be returned to the field prepared to add new luster to a name already endeared to our patriotic State.

John F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[25.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. February 5, 1863.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Sixth Army Corps.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 6, 1863.

General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I would respectfully suggest for consideration the propriety of thoroughly preparing the approaches which would be needed if a crossing of the riven were attempted either at United States Ford or at Seddon's. For the United States Ford there should be two good artillery and an infantry road prepared from the Warrenton road to the United States Ford, entirely independent of each other and completed to the river bottom. At Seddon's there should be another corduroy road built across the marsh and one built opposite Hayfields. I think General Woodbury would be able to furnish officers to oversee the necessary working parties. If another attempt were made to cross the river the places referred to would be two of the four best ones for the attempt. If no further attempt should be made, the work would still lead the enemy to think otherwise, to fatigue and expose his men more, and perhaps prevent him from diminishing his force. In case of a crossing, the advantage of having the approaches ready long in advance is evident. It may be said that the enemy would at once begin to work opposite these places. He has already had the opportunity as to both places. The work on our side is partly done and has been seen by him.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

[25.]

STAFFORD, February 6, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Colonel Cesnola will receive your instructions to-night. He says that early yesterday morning a scouting party of eleven men sent out toward Morrisville were attacked by fifteen rebels; Scout Dixson badly wounded and four of our hourses shot. Yesternight the pickets on the road to Morrisville were fired upon. Cesnola thought that this may have been done by our own men of Colonel McIntosh's command and sent out a patrol to ascertain, but they did not find any troops in that direction. The attack at Wiggenton's Mill was made by a party of dismounted rebels and not by our own troops.

F. SIGEL.

[25.]

