
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Primmer's House, February 7, 1863.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 6, headquarters Army of the Potomac, the undersigned hereby relinquishes command of this corps to the senior general officer present. In parting with the corps, the undersigned begs leave to assure it that he does so with no little regret, as his intercourse with it, both officially and socially, has uniformly been of the most pleasant and satisfactory nature. The undersigned returns his heartfelt thanks to both officers and men for the cordial manner in which they have ever endeavored to second him in all his efforts, and assures them that it willin after life be a subject of great pride to be recognized as one of its former commanders.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[25.]

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER, Numbers 3. Washington, February 7, 1863.

1. The Signal Officer of the Army announces to the corps that while the issues of battle-flags to officers distinguished in battle will be continued, the numerous battles have rendered so many changes necessary that hereafter the flags will be retained at the office and decorated at the end of the war with the battle names ordered for each and then issued.

2. During the war officers named for battle-flags will carry and use a common signal flag with a plain star.

3. Officers now having battle-flangs of silk are requested to deposit them in the office of the Signal Officer for safe-keeping.

4. It is the wish of the Signal Officer of the Army that worthy officers shall receive at the close of the war this memento of the corps and of the battles in which they have served.

By order of Major A. J. Myer:

W. R. HARTSHORNE,

First Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Yorktown, Va., February 7, 1863.

Colonel JOHNSON,

Commanding 178th Pennsylvania Drafted Militia:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to inform you that there are moyements of the enemy a short distance above Williamsburg which indicate the possibility of an attack. He desires you to be prepared to answer a call to arms in case of necessity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SUYDAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[18.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 39. Camp near Falmouth, Va., February 8, 1863.

* * * * *

4. Brigadier General A. T. A. Torbert, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the First Brigade, First Division, Sixth Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

