HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 8, 1863.

Lieutenant C. E. CROSS,

Commanding Engineer Battalion:

You will take charge of the works about to be constructed for the defense of Aquia Creek, calling on the commanding officer of the brigade detailed for the purpose for the necessary parties as soon as he has tools and is in readiness for work. The work to be done will be a redoubt near Watson's, another near where the Bruce house stood, and a third on the bluff at the south end of the line pointed out a few days ago. At the Bruce house cover should be prepared for three guns to fire along the Stafford Court-House road, and at the south redoubt for three guns so placed as to control as well as possible the Falmouth road and yet be covered from the guns across the ravine. You are authorized to call on Lieutenant Mackenzie and Suter for any assistance you may need.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Stafford Court-House, Va., February 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. STAHEL,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general the cavalry at Allcock's will be withdrawn and will encamp near Stafford Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Numbers 2. February 10, 1863.

* * * * *

2. The Pennsylvania Reserves, having been assigned to duty in this department, will take post as follows: The Third Brigade, Colonel J. W. Fisher, will relieve General Cowdin's brigade at Minor's Hill; the Second Brigade, Colonel H. G. Sickel, will relieve Colonel Gurney's brigade at Upton's Hill; the First Brigade, Colonel William McCandless, will take post at Fairfax Court-House. On being relieved General Cowdin's brigade will occupy a camp near Arlington, and Colonel Gurney's neary the Seminary, the positions to be selected by General Abercrombie. The Provisional Brigade, General Abercrombie's division, will be broken up, and the One hundred and eighteenth, One hundred and fifty-second, and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Regiments composing it will report to General Martindale, commanding Military District of Washington, for duty. The One hundred and fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, General Hays' brigade; One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Gibson's brigade; Company B, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania; Company F, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania; the One hundred and thirty-fifth, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers,

