
General Martindale's district, are now relieved from duty on the military defenses of Washington, and will without delay report to General Joseph Hooker, commanding Army of the Potomac. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CARROLL H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1863.

Colonel FAIRCHILD,

Commanding Detail Second and Sixth Wisconsin Regiments:

I send inclosed instructions for an expedition with your command, with a slight sketch* of the peninsula. Supposing the transportation to be in readiness to-day, you will embark your command before dark and sail for the landing near Heathsville, which you should make by daylight; disembark and march at once for Heathsville; take possession of whatever supplies are at the supposed depot (a mail may probably be intercepted at this point), and after gathering up everything, as indicated in instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, in the neighborhood and loading them upon the boat, send the boat up to some landing at Nomini Bay, and proceed to march your command by land to that point, gathering in all the forage, soldiers on parole, contrabands, &amp;c., seizing for this purpose such transportation as you may find in the country. Much must be left to your judgment in conducting the expedition, and depend upon the information you gain on the spot as to the direction in which you move your command, &c. It is probable that our cavalry will occupy Westmoreland Court-House to cover embarkation of what you bring up to that point. You will enforce the strictest discipline, and exact from all a atrict compliance with orders upon the march, and summarily punish any unauthorized plundering, it being understood that everything taken is for the use of the Government. Anything more than this is northing less than robbery.

Yours, &c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1863.

Colonel GAVIN,

Commanding Seventh Indiana Regiment:

I inclose copies of instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, with a sketch* of the peninsula below. Supposing the boats to be ready at Belle Plain to-day, you will embark your command and sail through the night for some landing near Mattox Creek, and proceed to carry out the instructions contained therein with regard to forage, rebel soldiers, contrabands, &c. Proceeding, intercept a mail and go on down to some landing at Nomini Bay, to which point you will direct the boat to meet you. If you can learn of anything at Leedstown which will make that place worth while visiting, you can do so; you might

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

