
possibly find a mail there. You will enforce the strictest discipline and obedience upon the part of every one, and punish summarily any unauthorized plundering. Everything taken is for the use of the Government; anything other than this is robbery. It is probable that some of our cavalry will be sent to Westmoreland Court-House.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to send down an infantry expedition (to be absent three or four days) as far as Heathsville, and to come up along the river for the purpose of gathering in forage and breaking up any depots they may find, &c. I expect them to get off this evening so as to land to-morrow morning early, the 13th, and was directed to notify the cavalry in my front. It is important that none of the citizens should know of the movement. Will you please notify your cavalry of this in such a manner as to avoid its being made public, and if you have no direct instructions in the matter, would like a regiment of cavalry sent down as far as Westmoreland Court-House to cover the embarkation of such property as may be brought in at Nomini Bay. I send this by my aide-de-camp, Captain Wadsworth, who will carry any order you may have to the cavalry and accompany any party you may send out.

J. F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[25.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,
 ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

N. 1. Boscobel, February 12, 1863.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 6, paragraph 1, headquarters Army of the Potomac, current series, the undersigned assumes command of the Third Army Corps. The following staff are annouced: Captain O. H. Hart, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Robert H. Torre, acting aide-de-camp; Surg. Thomas Sim, medical director; Captain H. D. F. Young, ordnance officer; Captain Van B. Bates, provost-marshal, who will be respected and obeyed accordingly. The headquarters of the corps are established at Boscobel, formerly occupied as headquarters of the Second Division.

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Corps.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 15, 1863.

Lieutenant R. S. MACKENZIE,

Engineers:

(Through Lieutenant Cross.)

The work to be done at Potomac Creek will consist of (1) a small reboubt thirty or forty feet square on the highest point shown you; (2) an oblong closed work, with two or perhaps three barbettes for

