
generously bestowed by those in authority, confers upon a soldier a recompense not more welcome than just. The regiment which Colonel Salm commands will be mustered our of service in the latter part of Arpil. Unless promoted to the rank of brigadier-general, for which he is abundantly qualified, the service will lose in his unwilling retirement one of its most accomplished and faithful officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: In case a siege of Richmond is deemed among the possibilities of the coming campaign, I think the chief quartermaster should be notified that he may be called on to furnish on our arrival in front of Richmond 10,000 shovels, 5,000 picks, 5,000 axes, and 2,000 shingling hatchets; that the Engineer Department should hold in readiness 30,000 sand bags, and that the secret service should, if possible, obtain authentic maps of the defenses of Richmond, either through their agents or by the public office of large rewards. Such maps would be of no less value in case of an assault than in case of a siege. In the first case they would save valuable time that would otherwise be spent in selecting the proper point of attack, or might indicate at once that point. Such maps are undoubtedly in existence. Copies or originals may perhaps be obtained. It is believed to be impossible to compile such maps here from information given by persons who enter our lines, so as to obtain with sufficient accuracy either the strength of the works or the character of the ground around them.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1863.

Brigadier-General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: It is reported from the outposts that the enemy is approaching our lines in considerable force. You will please hold your command in readiness for a prompt movement.

By command of Major-General Sickles:

O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Whipple.)

[25.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1863.

Major-General BERRY,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Have your picket and grand on the alert, and see that the commanding officer of your outpost is in communication with

