the eomixEsssxm&L globe.
December 4,
such rule; the only one having reference to that
point merely providing what shall be done in
cases of election by ballot.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and
nays; which, being ordered, were — yeas 119,
nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—M>ssi« Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Buk-,
Beattj, Beer , Beirne, Bicknell, Birdsall, Boilhhn, lirorl-
Head, Eronson, Buchanan, Bynum, Cambreleng, Casey,
Chaney,Cliapman,Cheatham, Clark, Connor, Crabb, Ciaig,
Crary, Cushnian, Dawoon, Davee, De Graff, Dromgoole,
Edwards, Elmore, Ewing, Farrmgton, Fairfield, Isaac
Fletcher, Poster. Try, Gallup, Glascock, Granlland, (iriy,
Griffin, Haley, Hammond, H iwkins, Havn«s, Holt, Hop
kms,Howard, Hubley, Ingham, Thomas B Jackson Jabc/,
Jackson, Joseph Johnson, NathamclJones,John VV Jones,
Keim, KembTe, Klingensmitb, Ltadbctttr, Ltwis, Login,
Loomis, Lyon, James Y Mison, Martin, McKa>, Robert ¡
McClellan, Abraham MeClellan, Menofee, Mitchi.ll, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Morgan, Samuel W. Morris, ¡Murray,
Noble, P timer, Parker, Pdrmentet, Parri , Pajntei, Petri
km, Phelps, Plumer, Pratt, John H Frenti-s, Knridui,
iteilv, Rhett, Rives, Robertson,Sawver, Shelter, Augustine
H Shepperd, Charles hhepard Mm his, Sheph i, Siuder,
Spencer, Stuart, Sweat mgen, Taluh iro,'1 ayloi, Thomas,
Titus, Toucey, Towns', Turne\, Underwood, Vail, Van-
derveer, Wagener, Webster, Weeks, bherrartl Williams,
Jared W William-, Joseph L Williams, and Woitlmigton
—119
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Alexander, Heman Allan, John
W Allen, Aycrigg, Bell, Diddle, Bond, Borden, llllgg-,
William B Calhoun, John Calhoon, Willi mi B Campbell,
Carter, ChiUK, Clowney, Ot>ffm,Cor\un, Cranston, Clock
ett, Curtis, Darlington, Davics, Deberry, Dennis, Dunn,
Evans, T.veiett, Rich ird Fletchi r, Fillmoic, Gnkhngs,
Goode, William Graham, Grant, Giaves, Grennell II ill,
Halsted, H.irlm, II uper, Hastings, Ilawes, Ilcnrv Herod,
Hoffman, Jenifer, Huir} Johnson, William ( ost Johnson,
Kennedy, LiikoIii, Mliwn, S unson M ison, ¡VI uuy, ¡M ij,
Maxwell, McICennan, Mercer, Milligan, Manillas Morns,
Olivary Alorris, Naylor, Noves, Piara, Pi ck, Pope, Tolls,
Pntn un, Randolph, Rendu r, Ridgw.il, iiobioson, ltiimse\,
Russell, Sergeant, Siblo\, Made, Sonlhgtte, Mmly, stone,
Stratton,Tillinglmst.Tol md, All  rlS While, lohn Wind ,
Whittlesey, Lewis Willi mi?, Chrislopher li Williams,
Wise, Word, and Yorke—91
So the amendment to the amendment was agieed
to; and the question lecurring on the latter us
amended—
Mr. THOMAS remarked, substantially, that,
though he had voted for the amendment, and Mr
Milugan's proposition had been thereby made
more acceptable to him, yet he was not prepared
to vole for it at this time. Thcie wete seveial
candidates, if he had not been misinformed; and
it was barely possible that their merits could yet
have been sufficiently canvass.nl. He thought it
better, therefoie, to postpone the election for a
day or two, and in the in'etim employ the assist-
ant clerk. Moreover, theie was little probability
that the election would be dosed to day, peihaps
not to-rnonow, and hence the annual message of
the President would be prevented from going
forth to the country at the usual time.
After some further remarks, indistinctly heard
at the repoiter's desk—
Mr. T. concluded by saying that he was pre-
pared to sustain a geneial piopositiorl that all
cases of election by that House should be viva voce.
Mr. PEARCE expressed a wish that the House
would proceed forthwith.
ThelloMC was then divided on Mr. Milli-
gak's amendment; and it being agieed to—-syes
102, noes 101—the resolution, as thus amended,
was also agreed to—ayes 104, noes 96.
So the House determined to proceed with the
election of a Clerk forthwith, t>ti>a voce.
The following nominations weie then made;
Mr. BRONSON nominated Edward Living-
ston, of New York.
Mr. CORW1N nominated M. St. Clair Clarke,
of the District of Columbia
Mr. DROMGOOLE nominated Hugh A. Gar-
land, of Virginia
Mr. SERGEANT nominated Samuel Shock,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLIGAN nominated Arnold Naudain,
of Delawaie.
Mr. WAGENER nominated Henry Buehl er,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr.CHANEY nominated John Bigler, of Ohio.
Mr. POPE nominated James H. Burch, of Mis-
souri.
FIRST VOTE.
For M. St. C Clarke — Messrs Adams, Heman Allan,
John W. Allen, Aycngg, Bell, Bond, William B Calhoun,
John Calhoon, William B Campbell. Carter, Cheatham,
CI Ids, Clowney, Corwm, Crabb, Curtis, Gushing, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Evans. Ewing, Richard Fletcher, Gid-
dings, Goode, Graham, Graves, Griffin, Harlan, Hastings,
Hawes, Hoffman, Henry Johnson, William C. Johnson,
Kennedy, Lincoln, Mercer, Calvary Morris, Noyes, Pone,
Robertson, Kobmson, Augustine H. Shepperd, Charles
Shepard, Shields, Sibley, Stanly, Stone, Tithnghast, John
White, Sherrahl Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wise,
Wood, and Yorke—55
ForB A Garland—Messrs Anderson, Afherlon, Banks,
Beirne, Bouldiu, Bynum, Casey, Chapman,Connor,Craig,
Crary, Davee, Dromgoole, Elmore, Fairfield, Glascock,
Grantland, Haley, Hawkins, Havnes, Hopkins, Howard,
ln hain, Jabez Jackson, Joseph John-on, John W. Jone ,
Lc wis, Lyon. James M. Ma on, Martin, McKay, Abraham
McClellan, Montgomery, Morgan, Murray, Pains, Phelps,
Rhett, Rives, Sawyei, Smder. Stuart, Thomas,Toncey,
Towns, rurnr-y, Jared W Williams, and Wortlnngton—48.
For Edu.mil iiuinrsion—Messis Andrews, Beers, Biek
ncll,BirdsnIl, Brodhead, Bioii on, John Campbell,DeGraff,
Toster, Gallup, Grant, Gray, Holt. Thomas B. Jackson, Na
th in  I Jones, Kemble, Loomis, Robert McClellan, Moore,
Noble, Palmer, Parker, Flrmenter. Pratt, John H Pentlss,
Spencer, Tayloi, Titu-, Vail, Vandeveer, and Thomas T
Whittlesey—Jl
For Samuel Shock—M<ssrs Alexander, Riddle, Borden,
Cranston, Daihngton, Dnvies, Fillmore, Henry, Marvin,
McKennan, Mitchell, Matthias Morris, Navlor, Peck, Potts,
Putnam, Uidgway, KussPll, sergeant, Slade, and Toland
— >l
For Arnold tfaudam—Messrs Briggs, Coffin, Dunn, Ev-
erett, Grennell, Hill. Harper, Jenifer, Samson Mison,
Maury, May, Maxwell, Milligan, Pearce, Rauden, Ran-
dolph, Renchcr, Mratton, Talialerro, and Lewis William 
-20
For II lluehla — Mes«is Beattv, Buchanan, Fiy, Ham
mond, Ilnbky, Keim, Klm^eiisimth, Logan, teamuel W.
Moiri-. I'avnter, Tetiiken, Plumer, Keily, Sheffer, Wag-
em r, and Weeks —16
for Jame  Butch—Messrs Crocket, Halsted, Herod,
Mem fi, , Uutnsev, ¡southgate, Undei wood, Alberts. White,
and Clutstopher H Williams—9
For John Hurler— Messrs. Chaney, Cushinan, Farnng-
ton, Isaai Fletehei, Leadbetter, Sheplor, iswearingen, and
Wibster—S
For R  M  Whitney—Messrs Clark and Edwards—2.
Whole number of votes, 210; necessary to a
choue, 106'
.Neitliu of the candidates having a majority of
the whole imnibei of votes cast, a second call was
otdeied.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved that the House ad-
journ; which was not agieed to.
SECOND VOTE.
For M bt C Clatke—Messrs Adams, Aletmder, He
man Allan, John W Allen, Ajciigir, Bell, Bund, Briggs,
Willi tin B Calhoun, John Calhoon, Campbell, Cirttr,
Cheatham, ( hilds, Claik, I lowncy, Colliii, l orwin, Crabb,
Cian-ton, Cro, Itelt, Curtis, Cu-lung, Dawson, Deberry,
Dtnnis, Dunn, Hviins, Everett, Hwing, Richard Fletcher,
rillmore, Giddings, Goode, Graham, Graves, Grennell,
Gnllin, Hall, IIilsií «I, Hallan, Harper, Hastings, Ilawes,
Hollinan, leniter, Henry lohnt-on, V\ilharn C Iolm=on,
Kenned) , Luuoln, Sinison Mason, Maurv, May, Maxwell,
tVIeuelei, Mercer, M.itllias Moms, Calvery Morns, Naylor,
Noyes, Ptaric, Peek, Tope, Tutnain, Randen, Randolph,
Kobertson, liobinson, llumsiv, Augu-tine H cheppeid,
Shields, hibley, ¡shldc. Southgate, Stanley,Stone, Stratton,
'Tillmgliasi, Toland, Underwood, Albert S White, John
White, Lewis Williams, Murrard Williams, Joseph h.
Williams, Wise, Word, and Yorke—88
J or llngli A Garland—Messrs Anderson, Atherton,
Hanks, Uenne, Bouldin, Ilynuin, Cambrileng,Casey,Chap
man, ( oimor, Craig, Crary, Cushnian, Davcc, Dromgoole,
Elmore, Farringtoii, fairiield, Foster, Fry, Glascock,
Grantland, Haley, Hawkins-, Haynes, Holt, Hopkins, How
are, Ingham, Jabe/ Jackson, Jost pli Johnson, John W.
Jones, Lewis, L>on, James M Mason, Martin, McKay,
Abraham McClellan, Montgomery, Morgan, Murray, Par
ki r, Parmenter, Pams, Petnkin, Phillips, Rhett, Rives,
Sawyer, Snydt r, Stuart, Thomas. Toucey, 'Towns, Tur-
ney, Wills, Whittlesey, Jared W. Williams, and Worthing
ton—)!)
For F.tuord Livingston—Mes-rs. Andrews, Beers, Bick
nell, Bird-all, Brodhead, Bronson, De Graff, Edward .Gal
In , Grant, Gray, Thomas B Jackson, Nathaniel Jones,
Kemble, Loomis, Robert McCIeHan, Moore, Noble. Palm-
er Prait, Prentiss, Spencer, Tayloi, Titus, Vail, and Van-
derveer—2b
tor Samuel Shod—Messrs. Biddle, Borden, Darlington.
Divis Henry, Marvin, McKennan, Mitchell, Potts, Ridg
way, Russell, Sergeant, and Christopher II Williams—13
For Henry BuchUi —Messrs. Beattv, Buchanan, Ham-
mond, Hubley, Keim, Klingensmtth. Logan, Samuel W.
Moms, P.iv ntcr, Plumer, Rely, Wagcner, and Slieffer~I3.
For J Higier—Messrs Chaney, Isaac Fletcher, Lead
bitter, Sheplor, Sweanngen, and Webster—6
For Arnold ¡faudam— Messrs Herod, Milhgan.Rencher,
and Taliaferro—4
Wtole number of Totes, 209; necessary to a
choice, 105.
Mr. THOMAS rose for the purpose of moving
that the Speaker be empowered to vote, and sub-
mitted an amendment to the standing order to that
effect.                                                   °
Mr. WISE insisted that the motion was not in
order, and the Chair so ruling, the motion was
not entertained.
Mr. TOUCEY moved that the House adjourn.
Lost—92 to 110.
THIRD VOTE.
The names of Messrs. Bigler, Livingston,
Buehler, Naudam, and Shock, were then sev-
erally withdrawn by the gentlemen who nom-
inated them, and the House voting a third time,
the result was announced to be as follows:
For Hugh A. Garland — Messrs. Anderson, Andrews,
Atherton. Banks, Boiuy. Beer ,Beirne,Bicknell, Bird all,
Bouldiu, Brodhead, Bronson, Buchanan, Bynum, Camhre-
leng, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Clowney, Connor, Craig,
Craiy, Cuslunan, Davee, De Graff, Dromgoole, Elmore,
Famn-ton, Fairfield, Richard Fletcher, Foster. Fry .Gallup,
Glascock, Grant, Grantland, Gray, Griffin, Halev. Ham-
mond, H uvkins, Haynes, Holt, Hopkins, Hovvaid, Hubley,
Ingham, Thomas B. Jackson, Jabei Jackson, Joseph John-
son, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Klmgenirmth, Leadoetter, Lewis, Logan, Loomis, Lyon,
James jj Mason, Martm, McKay, Robert McClellan, Abra-
ham McClellan, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Samuel VV.
Morris, Murray. Noble, Palim r, Parla r, Paimenter, Parus,
Paynter, Petnkin, Phelps, Plumer,Pratt, John H Prentiss,
Reilly, Rhett, Rives, Sawjer, Shefler, Charle  Shepard,
Shepler, Snyder, Spencer, Stuart,- Sweanngi n, 'Taylor,
Thomas, Titus, Toucey, Towns, Turney, Vail, Vander-
vi er, Wagener, Webster, Week , Whittlesey, Jared VV.
Williams, and Wortlnngton—106
For H St C Clarke—Messrs 4dams, Alexander, He
man Allan, John VV. Allen, Ayerigg, Bell, Biddle, Bond,
Borden, Bnggs, William B.Calhoun, John Calhoon, Camp-
bell, Carter, Cheatham, Child , Clark, Coffin, Corwin,
Cnhb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg, Darlington,
Dawson, Davies, Deberry, Dennis, Dunn, Edwards, Evans,
Evernt, Ewmg, Richard Tletcher, Fillmore, Giddmgs,
Goode, Graham, Graves, Grennell, Hall, Halsted, Harlan.
Harper, Ha-ting , Ilawes, Henrv, Herod, Hoffman, Jenifer,
Henry Johnson, William C Johnson, Kennedy, Lincoln,
Marvin, Samson Mason, Maury, May, Maxwell, McKen-
nan, Menefee, Mercer, Miihgan, Mitehel. Malinas Morn*,
Calvary Morns, Baylor, Noyes, Pearce, Peck, Pope Potts,
Putnam, Rauden, Randolph, Rencher, Ridgway, Robert
son, Robinson, Ramsey, Russell, Sergeant, Augustine il.
Sheppeid, Shields, Sibley, Slade, Southgate, Stanly, Stone,
Strauon, Talialerro, Thompson, Ttlhnghost, Toland, Un-
derwood, Albeit S White, John White, Christopher H.
Williams, Jo-eph L Williams, Lewis Williams, Sherrard
Williams, WTise, Word, and Yorke—104
"Whole number of votes, 210. Necessary to a
choice, 106
So Hugh A. Garla™ having received a ma-
jority of the votes, was declared to be duly elect-
ed Cleik to the House for the residue of the pres-
ent Congiess.
Mi. HAYNES moved to take up the usual
message fiom the Senate; but the motion was set
aside by a conversation on the order of business.
On motion of Mi. HAYNES, the daily hour
of meeting wa^ oidtred to be twelve o'clock, m.
till otherwise directed.
On motion of Mr. WISE, the House adjourned
at half past three, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 4, 1838.
Mr. Clay, of Alabama, appeared in his place.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Garland, their Clerk,
stating that the House was organized and ready
to pioceed to business.
Also, that the House had concurred in the res-
olution of the Senate, appointing ajoint commit-
tee to wait upon the President of the United
States, informing him that the two Houses were
organized and ready to receive any communica-
tion he might make.
And that the House had appointed as said com-
mittee on their part, Messrs. Camrreleng, Lin-
coln, and Connor.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. KNIGHT gave notice that, on to-morrow,
he would ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Sarah Angel and the other heirs of Benjamin
King, deceased. Also, abill to allowa drawback
on imported hemp when manufactured into cord-
age and exported.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, gave notice that on
to-morrow he would ask leave to bring in a bill
for the reduction and graduation of the price of
the public lands.
PETITION.
Mr. RIVES presented the petition of James
Ban on, a captain in the Navy of the United States,
praying that a law may be passed providing for
a settlement of his accounts on the principles of
equity; laid on the table.
STANDING COMMITTEES,
Mr. BAYARD moved that, by unanimous con-
sent, the appointment of the standing committees
be made by the Chair. This, he observed, was
done at the last session to avoid the delay attend-
ing the numerous ballotings; and, as no material
change had taken place in the body since the last
session, he thought it would beadvtsable to adopt
the same course at the present session.
