1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
The contrast between the suspension of 1814
and that of 1837 is most striking. The short du-
ration of the latter; the prompt restoration of bust-
ness; the evident benefits resulting from an ad-
herence by the Government to the constitutional
standard of value, instead of sanctioning the sus-
pension by the leceiptof irredeemable paper; and
the advantages derived from the large amount of
specie introduced into the country previous to
1837, afford a valuable illustration of the true pol-
icy of the Government in such a crisis; nor can the
comparison fail to remove the impression that a
national bank is necessary in such emergencies.
Not only were specie payments resumed without
its aid, but exchanges have also been more rap-
idly restored than when it existed; thereby show-
ing that private capital, enterprise, and prudence
are fully adequate to these ends. On all these
points experience seems to have confirmed the
views heretofore submitted to Congress. We have
been saved the mortification of seeing the dis-
tresses of the community for the third time seized
on to fasten upon the country so dangerous an
institution; and we may also hope that the busi-
ness of individuals will hereafter be relieved from
the injurious effects of a continued agitation of
that disturbing subject. The limited influence
of a national bank in averting derangement in the
exchanges of the country, or in compelling the
resumption of specie payments, is now not less
apparent than its tendency to increase inordinate
speculation by sudden expansions and contrac-
tions; its disposition to create panic and embar-
rassment for the promotion of its own designs;
its interference with politics; and its far greater
power for evil than for good, either in regard to
the local institutions or the operations of Govern-
ment itself. What was, in these respects, but ap-
prehension or opinion, when a national bank was
first established, now stands confirmed by humil-
iating experience. The scenes through which we
have passed conclusively prove how little our
commerce, agriculture, manufactures, or finance,
require such an institution, and what dangers are
attendant on its power—a power, I trust, never
to be conferred by the American people upon their
Government, and still less upon individuals not
responsible to them for its unavoidable abuses
My conviction of the necessity of further legis-
lative pro visions for the safe-keeping and disburse-
ment of the public moneys, and my opinion in
regard to the measures best adapted to the accom-
plishment of those objects, have been already sub-
mitted to you. These have been strengthened by
recent events; and, in the full conviction that time
and experience must still furtherdemonstrate their
propriety, 1 feel it my duty, with respectful def-
eience to the conflicting views of others, again to
invite your attention to them.
With the exception of limited sums deposited
in the few banks still employed under the act of
1836, the amounts received for duties, and, with
very inconsiderable exceptions, those acciuing
from lands also, have, since the general suspen-
sion of specie payments by the deposit banks,
been kept and disbursed by the Treasurer, under
his general legal powers, subject to the superin-
tendence of the Secretary of the Treasury. The
propriety of defining more specifically, and of
regulating bylaw the exeicise of this wide scope
of Executive discretion, has been already sub-
mitted to Congress.
A change in the office of collector at one of our
principal ports, has brought to light a defalcation
of the gravest character, the particulars of which
will be laid beforeyou in a special report from
the Secretary of the Treasury. By his report and
the accompanying documents, it will he seen that
the weekly returns of the defaulting officer appa-
rently exhibited, throughout, a faithful adminis-
tration of the affairs intrusted to his management.
It, however, now appears that he commenced ab-
stracting the public moneys shoitly after his ap-
pointment, and continued to do so, progressively
increasing the amount, for the term of more than
seven years, embracing a portion of the period
during which the public moneys were deposited
in the Bank of the United States, the whole of
that of the State bank deposit system, and con-
cluding only on his retirement from office, after
that system-had substantially failed, m conse-
quence of the suspension of specie payments.
The way in which this defalcation was so long
concealed, and the steps taken to indemnify the
United States, as far as practicable, against loss,
will also be presented to you. The case is one
which imperatively claims the attention of Con-
gress, and furnishes the strongest motive for the
establishment of a more severe and secure system
for the safe-keeping and disbursement of the pub-
lic moneys than any that has heretofore existed.
it seems proper, at all events, that by an early
enactment similar to that of other countries, the
application of public money by an officer of Gov-
ernment to private uses, should be made a felony,
and visited with severe and ignominious punish-
ment. This is already, in effect, the law in re-
spect to the Mint, and has been productive of the
most salutary results. Whatever system is
adopted, such an enactment would be wise as an
independent measure, since much of the public
moneys must, in their collection and ultimate
disbursement, pass twice through the hands of
public officers, in whatever manner they are inter-
mediately kept. The Government, it must be
admitted, has been from its commencement com-
paratively fortunate in this respect. But the ap-
pointing power cannot always be well advised in
its selections, and the experience of every country
has shown that public officers are not at all times
proof against temptation. Itis aduty, therefore,
which the Government owes, as well to the inter-
ests .committed to its care as to the officers them-
selves, to provide every guard against transgres-
sions of this character that is consistent with
reason and humanity. Congress cannot be too
jealous of the conduct of those who are intrusted
with the public money; and I shall, at all times,
be disposed to encourage a watchful discharge of
this duty. If a more direct cooperation on the
part of Congress, in the supervision of the con-
duct of the officers intrusted with the custody and
application of the public money is deemed desira-
ble, it will give me pleasure to assist in the estab-
lishment of any judicious and constitutional plan
by which that object may be accomplished. You
will, in your wisdom, determine upon the propri-
ety of adopting such a plan, and upon the meas-
ure necessary to its effectual execution. When
the late Bank of the United States was incor-
porated, and made the depository of the public
moneys, a right was reserved to Congress to in-
spect, at its pleasure, by a committee of that body,
the books and the proceedings of the bank.
In one of the States whose banking institutions
are supposed to rank among the first in point of
stability, they are subjected to constant examin-
ation by commissioneis appointed for that pur-
pose, and much of the success of its banking
system is attributed to this watchful supervision.
The same course has also, in view of its bene-
ficial operation, been adopted by an adjoining
State, favorably known for the care it has always
bestowed upon whatever relates to its financial
concerns. I submit to your consideration whether
a committee of Congress might not be profitably
employed m inspecting, at such intervals as might
be deemed proper, the affairs and accounts of
officers intrusted with the custody of the public
moneys. The frequent performance of this duty
might be made obligatory on the committee in
respect to those officers who have large sums in
their possession, and left discretionary in respect
to others. They might report to the Executive
such defalcations as were found to exist, with a
view to a prompt removal from office unless the
default was satisfactorily accounted for; and re-
port, also, to Congress, at the commencement of
each session,the result of their examinations and
proceedings. It does appear to me that, with a
subjection of this class of public officers to the
general supervision of the Executive, to'exam-
inations by a committee of Congress at periods
of which they should have no previous notice,
and to prosecution and punishment as for felony
for every breach of trust, the safe-keeping of the
public moneys, under the system proposed, might
be placed on a surer foundation than it has ever
occupied since the establishment of the Govern-
ment.
The Secretary of the Treasury will lay before
you additional information containing new details
on this interesting subject. To these I ask your
early attention. That it should have given rise
to great diversity of opinion cannot be a subject
of surprise. After the collection and custody of
the public moneys had been for so many years
connected with, and made subsidiary to, the ad-
vancement of private interests, a return to the
simple and self-denying ordinances of the .Con-
stitution could not but be difficult. But time and
free discussion eliciting the sentiments of the peo-
ple, and aided by that conciliatory spirit which
has ever characterized their course on great emer-
gencies, were relied upon for a satisfactory set-
tlement of the question. Already has this anti-
cipation on one important point at least—the im-
propriety of diverting public money to private
purposes—been fully realized. There is no rea-
son to suppose that legislation upon that branch
of the subject would now be embarrassed by a
difference of opinion, or fail to receive the cordial
support of a large majority of our constituents.
The connection which formerly existed between
the Government and banks, was in reality inju-
rious to both, as well as to the general interests
of the community at large. It aggravated the dis-
asters of trade and the derangements of comnjer-
cial intercourse, andadministered new excitement
and additional means to wild and reckless specu-
lators, the disappointments of which threw the
country into convulsions of panic, and all but pro-
duced violence and bloodshed. The imprudent
expansion of bank credits, which was the natural
result of the command of the revenues of the State
furnished the resources for unbounded license, in
every species of adventure, seduced industry from,
its regular and salutary occupations by the hope
of abundance without labor, and deranged the
social state by tempting all trades and professions
into the vortex of speculation on remote contin-
gencies.
The same wide-spreading influence impeded
also the resources of the Government, curtailed
its useful operations, embarrassed the fulfillment
of its obligations, and seriously interfered with
the execution of the laws. Large appropriations
and oppressive taxes are the natural consequences
of such a connection, since they increase the prof-
its of those who are allowed to use the public
funds, and make it their interest that money
should be accumulated and expenditures multi-
plied. It is thus thata concentrated money power
is tempted to become an active agent in political
affairs, and all past experience has shown on
which side that influence will be arrayed. We
deceive ourselves if we suppose that it will ever
be found asserting and supporting the rights of
the community at large, in opposition to the claims
of the few.
In a Government whose distinguishing charac-
teristic should be a diffusion and equalization of
its benefits and burdens the ad vantage of individu-
als will be augmented at the expense of the mass
of the people. Nor is it the nature of combina-
tions for the acquisition of legislative influence to
confine their interference to the single object for
which they were originally formed. The temp-
tation to extend it to other matters, is, on the
contrary, not (infrequently too strong to be resist-
ed. The influence in the direction of the public
affairs, of the community at large, is, therefore,
in no slight danger of being sensibly and injuri-
ously affected by giving to a comparatively small,
but very efficient class, a directand exclusive per-
sonal interest in so important a portion of the le-
gislation of Congress as that which relates to the
custody of the public moneys. If laws acting
upon private interests cannot alw.aysbe avoided,
they should be confined within the narrowest lim-
its, and ¡eft, wherever possible, to the Legisla-
tures of the States. When not thus restricted,
they lead to combinations of powerful associa-
tions, foster and influence necessarily selfish, and
turn the fair course of legislation to sinister ends,
rather than to objects that advance public liberty,
and promote the general good.
The whole subject now rests with you; and I
cannot but. express a hope that some definite
measure will be adopted at the present session.
It will not, I am sure, be deemed out of place
for me here to remark, that the declaration of my
views in opposition to the policy of employing
banks as depositories of the Government funds
cannot justly be construed as indicative of hos-
tility, official or personal, to those institutions; or
to repeat, in this form, and in connection with this
subject, opinions which I have uniformly enter-
tained, and on all proper occasions expressed.
Though always opposed to their creation in the
form of exclusive privileges, and as a State ma-
gistrate aiming, by appropriate .legislation, to
