1838.
TJJE GONQÜE^SIOMAL &!<QB&
m
I do not recollect (continued Mr. N.) that my
honorable colleague who first addressed the House
(Mr. Biddle] said anything about the persons
engaged in this matter at Harrisburg. I do not
recollect that he said anything to cail forth the
warlike iie of him who has just preceded me,
[Mr. Petrikin.] But I say now, in my place,
and I know exactly what I say, that they were
for the most part a mob—men, some of them,
going from the county of Philadelphia, having no
interest in Harrisburg, led on by the officers of
the General Government, for the purpose of de-
claring to the Legislature, assembled under the
Constitution and the laws, that thus they should
do, that " thus far they should go, and no fur-
ther."
But yet the gentleman [Mr. Petrikin] says
that these men were peaceable citizens, and no
mob. Let me state a feet. I have myself re-
ceived letters since my arrival in this city, since
the commencement of these disturbances, telling
me—yes, sir, warning me—appealing to my fears,
and telling me that if I dared to come here and
attempt to take my seat—a seat to which I had
been honored by a majority of nearly a thousand
—the same men who had figured in these scenes
at Harrisburg would throng your Hall, would
speak from your gallery, and drive you, sir, from
that chair! I appeal to the people of the country
—I ask every man in this House, be he a Dem-
ocrat or what he may, to whatever party he may
belong—I appeal to you as the descendants of
the men of '76—1 ask you, what think you of
those who would make such threats? Are they
peaceful, law-abiding citizens, or are they a mob ?
I ask you whether you intend to sustain these
men in the work of wrong, of outrage and usur-
pation, which they have commenced?
Mr. Speaker, I know something of the contro-
versy now going on at Harrisburg. t have, in-
deed, occasion to know something about it, for
the immediate and primary cause of the whole
was an attempt to cheat me out of my right to a
seat on this floor, to which I was elected by a
large majority of the freemen of the third congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania—the people whom
I represent. And, sir, if it be not out of place
here, seeing that much has been said of an indef-
inite character by the gentleman who immediately
preceded me, [Mr. Petrikin,] I will briefly relate,
in order that the people may know, what are the
causes of the unhappy controversy now going on
at Harrisburg, if such an outrage can be called a
controversy.
These subjects, Mr. Speaker, have all been
alluded to. Deeply as I am interested in them,
and deeply as I believe the honor of my State
and of those whom I represent here to be in volved
in them, still I should have said nothing about
them had they not been alluded to by the gentle-
man who last addressed the House, [Mr. Petri-
kin.]
Mr. PETRIKIN was understood to disclaim
allusion to those things.
Mr. NAYLOR. Sir, the gentleman has talked
of Whig mobs, of Bankites, of Biddleites, of
Ritnerites, and all other kinds of ¿fes that run so
vividly through his imagination. Por myself, I
know no such distinction. I speak of my peo-
ple as the American people, as my countrymen;
when they are right t will sustain them without
regard to party, and when they are wrong I must
commiserate their errors, while at the same time
I oppose them. The whole controversy arises,
as 1 have said, from an unhallowed attempt, by
fraud and violence, to take from me my seat on
this floor.
The SPEAKER here interposed, and said that
the question as to the right of any party to a seat
in this House was not now under discussion, and
that any debate directed to that point was out of
order.
Mr. NAYLOR. I am not going to assert my
right to a seat. This House, I know, has not the
right to decide on that question. When I present
myself here in the legislative hail of my country,
as, God willing, I intend to do, in defiance of the
empty threats and the loudly denounced terrors
of these men, it will then be for the House to de-
termine whether I shall take my seat, or whether
they will hallow fraud, trample on the suffrages
of the people I represent, by aiding another per-
son in the usurpation of it, because he is a mem-
ber of the Administration party!   I «ay, then,
that I am not about to show that I am entitled to
a seat in the Twenty-Sixth Congress, except for
the mere purpose of connecting this matter with
the other, that the whole subject may be under-
stood; for, without a knowledge of the one, you
cannot understand the other. Por this purpose,
I want to go into the history of the transaction;
and as the gentleman who has preceded me has
gone so wide of the mark, and prated of blood
and war, and the majesty of the assembled peo-
ple at Harrisburg, I hope I may be permitted to
follow him,so far at least as to reply to his state-
ments, and disclose the whole truth ! I ask for
liberty to speak the truth! Not to advocate any
party, but merely to state the truth! And will
you deny me this reasonable boon?
The SPEAKER again interposed, and said that
he did not understand that either of the gentle-
man's colleagues had entered upon the merits of
this question, nor was it in order so to do. Any-
thing relating to the resolution was in order.
Mr. NAYLOR. I understand the resolution
perfectly. My colleague [Mr. Petrikin] has
stated that these persons engaged at Harrisburg
were not a mob, but that they were the assembled
Democracy of Pennsylvania, peaceably obeying
the requisitions of duty! I take issue with him
on that point, and I wish to refer to the history
of these transactions to show that the position
he has assumed cannot be maintained.
The SPEAKER again interposed, and directed
the attention of Mr. N. to the subject-matter of the
resolution, and the facts connected therewith.
Mr. NAYLOR. Well, then, as I cannot state
the truth, but can state the facts, even, I suppose,
if they are true, I will mention as the first fact—
a fact which is conceded on all sides—that I was
elected a member of the Twenty-Sixth Congress.
I state another fact, that certain persons in Phil-
adelphia, assisted by officers of the General Gov-
ernment—one of them the man who has been
most active in the disturbances at Harrisburg—
resolved to cheat me out of the due returns for
my seat. That is another fact, an incontrovert-
ible fact, which no man who has the least regard
for truth will deny.
I assert, as the third fact, that these men, and
among them this officer of the General Govern-
ment and the man who was my opponent—the
man who, had he lived in the days which " tried
men's souls," "would have been a Tory"—went
before the seventeen return judges and endeav-
ored to get ten of them to make a partial return
of the county of Philadelphia—such a return as
would suit their own purposes.
The SPEAKER said all this was entirely out
of order.
Mr. NAYLOR. The members of the Admin-
istration party move for inquiries. Oh, yes, they
must occasionally have an inquiry; but, sir, they
hate to hear the truth; they would trample upon
it; they would stifle it. If I cannot speak the
truth here, I can at least do so over my own name
in the newspapers. Yes, sir; I can speak the
truth there in defiance of them; and will do it!
The whole story shall be told.
The SPEAKER again called to order.
Mr. NAYLOR. Well, sir, these ten return
judges did do as they were commanded. They
did make a return, such as had been required, of
something upwards of two thirds of the votes of
the county. The other judges would have made
a correct return, and begged for hours, in the
Hall of Independence, m Philadelphia, to be
allowed to make a full and correct return for the
whole county.    But, sir------
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was out of
order.
Mr. NAYLOR said he knew that truth some-
times was a very disagreeable thing. And then
took his seat.
Mr. BIRDSALL was understood to say that,
as he did not see that any useful object could be
attained by protracting this debate, he would
move the previous question.
Mr. NAYLOR claimed the floor. He had not
yielded it, except in obedience to what he under-
stood to be the injunction of the Speaker that he
should take his seat.
The SPEAKER said he had understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as having yielded
the floor.
Mr. WISE moved that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania have leave to proceed in order
The SPEAKER said that that motion, would
take precedence of the demand for the previous
question. The question, however, could "only be
put on leave to proceed in order, as no member
could, by the rules, have leave to proceed out of
order.
The yeas and nays were demanded on the mo-
tion for leave; which were ordered, anl being
taken, were—yeas 150, nays 38.
So leave was granted to Mr. Naylor to pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. NAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I am at a loss
to know what is in order. A moment ago it was
in order, as I understood, for my colleague (Mr.
Petrikin] to bandy harsh epithets; to catl a por-
tion of the Legislature of Pennsylvania Bankites,
Antimasons, Ritnerites, and Federalists; to say
that the men who had been carrying on their
movements at Harrisburg were not a mob, bat the
Democracy of Pennsylvania assembled in their
majesty, and peacefully and legally asserting their
rights; and now I understand that it is not inorder
to disprove these allegations, maintain the side of
the law and constitution, and to vindicate the
officers of the law !
The SPEAKER said his decision had been
that it was not in order to wander from the sub^
ject before the House, by entering into questions
connected with the election returns in Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. NAYLOR. What I say is, then—and I
speak with entire respect to the Chair—that it "is
impossible for me to controvert any of the posi-
tions assumed by my colleague, unless I am per-
mitted to state facts, truth; and if it be out Of
order to state the truth, then I have nothingmore
to say!                                                     '
The SPEAKER said that the only desire of the
Chair was, to confine the debate Withinits proper
limits, although sometimes remarks were made
which it was not in the power of the Chair to
arrest on the moment. It was possible, in the
present case, that the true boundary had been
exceeded before the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Nayi.or] rose; but the Chair must look
strictly to the subject-matter of the resolution.
There was nothing on the face of it connected
with the elections in Pennsylvania which could
warrant any discussion in relation to them.
Mr. NAYLOR. I want to show from facts
that are incontrovertible, not that one or the other
set of candidates are entitled to their seats, but
that such a state of things had been produced"in
Pennsylvania as to devolve it upon the Legisla-
ture, as an irresistible duty, to decide upon the
matter between the claimants for seats. I waiít
to show that the individuals who raised this dis-
turbance were the very individuals who prevented
a return of members, to the Legislature from' the
county of Philadelphia, who made it the duty o?
the Legislature to investigate the whole matter;
and that, after having imposed upon the Legis-
lature this duty, which it could not throw off,
which it must meet and perform, they go to Har-
risburg, cry aloud for blood, and say to the Le-
gislature: " You shall not investigate and decide
the question; we will decide it for you, and, if
you daip resist our decision, we will drive yon
from the capitol!" This, sir, is what I wanfto
i prove; and I «in prove it. I do not want to Hiairt-
I tain the right of either set of candidates to their
seats.
Mr. BEATTY rose to a point of order; and,
Mr. NAYLOR having requested Mr. B. to re-
duce his point of order to writing,
The SPEAKER said he did not perceive that
the immediate remarks of the gentleman were out
of order.
Mr. NAYLOR. Then, Mr. Speaker, I must
return to the place where I was when I was ori-
ginally arrested. I must state facts in order to
show the justice of my conclusions. I do not
desire to waste the time of this House, nor to
trespass upon its rules.
The SPEAKER If the gentleman again fol-
lows the course of remark which he intimates his
intention to do, the Chair must do its duty.
Mr. NAYLOR. In the first place, then, I state
that there were no legal returns from the county
of Philadelphia to the Legislature of Pennsylva-
nia; because, among others, some' of the individ-
uals who raised the disturbances at Harrisburg
have prevented those returns; and, that being the
' case, the Legislature was -obliged, by the con-
