48                                    THE- X30immSSmmAh QLQB1L                    December 20,
Mr  POTTER pledged himself to do so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew the motion.
Mr. POTTER commenced by stating that he
had the pleasure of informing the House he had
every reason to hope that a!l the difficulties that
had unfortunately prevailed m Pennsylvania had
been brought to a peaceable and permanent term-
ination, and that three distinguished patriots,
men who are-------
Mr. BIDDLE called his colleague to order for
making a reference to the proceedings at Harris-
burg.
Mr. POTTER had only made a single allusion
to them, while his other colleague [Mr. Naylor]
had been permitted to go into and dilate upon
their history. Mr. P. 's object was to prevent any
further action on the whole subject. There was
excitement enough now in Pennsylvania without
creating any more; and he was merely stating a
fact to show why it was unnecessary, in his judg-
ment, to refer this subject. As he was saying,
he believed the question was settled in Pennsyl-
vania itself, for there was where it must be ulti-
mately settled, foe they would permit the inter-
ference neither of the National nor of any State
Government, further than the Constitution war-
ranted. He believed everything was at peace in
that State now; while we are discussing the mat-
ter here, and keeping up the excitement. Fie had
just returned from Harrisburg, anda more peace-
able or more orderly community was not to be
found within the bounds of this Union than he
left there. He was satisfied, too, that the rights
of the people were Safe, for they were in hands
who knew them, and, knowing, dare maintain
them. The House of Representatives of Penn-
sylvania is now, he believed, proceeding as quietly
and orderly as ourselves.
With reference to the postmaster at Philadel-
phia, Mr. P. would inform his colleague that he
had been SRIed to Harrisburg by the requisition
of Governor Ritncr, and that he had returned
without one drop of blood having been shed.
Mr. P. concurred with his colleague in the po-
sition that a conspiracy had existed in Pennsyl-
vania—a conspiracy to trample down the rights
of free government, and strike at the foundation
of liberty itself-—a conspiracy to usurp the gov-
ernment of one of the thirteen original Status of
this Union, contrary to the Constitution, contrary
to the laws, and contrary to all the institutions
of our country—a conspiracy for a minority to
fifrasp power over the majority—a conspiracy to
retain, for purposes best known to themselves,
the functions of the government of Pennsylvania
for a short tune. That conspiracy was announced
long since, hut not by the political party to which
his colleague had attributed it. No. It was an-
nounced and proclaimed by the very officer who
had surreptitiously concealed and kept back the
returns to the Legislature of Pennsylvania. Hence,
then, Mr. P. concurred in opinion with his col-
league, that there was a conspiracy, but the gen-
tleman's friends were answerable for it.
Mr. P. defended Governor Wolf for the course
he had pursued in cautioning the custom-house
o/lieers. That gentleman could not but anticipate
excitement, for the public press declared it in
advance—the officers of the State government at
Harrisburg proclaimed it—and his caution was
proper, called for by the probable state of things,
and only what duty required of him. Mr. P.
concluded by renewing the motion to lay on the
table and print; and it was agreed to without a
division.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, from the select com-
mittee thereon, reported, with amendments, the
bill to prohibit duelling in the District of Colum-
bia, and to provide for the punishment thereof.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill making an
appropriation for the protection of the northern
frontier of the United States.
Also, a bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of revolutionary and other pensioners of the
United States, for the year 1839.
Also, a bill for the relief of Chastelain and
others.
At the suggestion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
the House, ny general consent, took up the mo-
tion made by him at the beginning of the session,
to refer so much of the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury as related- to the defalcations of the
late collector at New York to a select committee,
and so much thereof as related to a modification
of the revenue laws to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WISE moved the reference of the former
io the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and proceeded to address the House
tn support of that motion, and also on the subject
generally, going into a history of Swartwout's
and other cases of fraud and peculation that had
occurred under the late and present Administra-
tion. After proceeding for some time, he gave
way, without concluding, to Mr. STANLY, on
whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 20, 1838.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the ad-
ministrators and heirs-at-law of William Terrill;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, presented a
petition of William Dorsey, register of lands in
the northeastern district of Mississippi, asking
compensation for additional clerks; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of Mrs.
Mary W. Thompson, widow of Colonel Alex-
ander Thompson, who fell in an action with the
Seminole Indians, praying for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of Rus-
sell Comstock, praying Congress to purchase and
publish certain discoveries alleged to have been
made by him to promote the preservation and in-
crease of agricultural products, &c; which was
referred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
ordered to ho printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from
the Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying that Congress would adopt
some measures that would increase the propor-
tion of American seamen; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Triplet!, praying for confirmation of title
to a tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of thcGaines-
villcaml Narketa Railroad Company; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. RIVES gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Thomas P. Parson.
Mr. DAVIS gave rrotice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Elisha Eldridge.
Also, a bill for the relief of the Nantucket
Steamboat Company.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PRENTISS, agreeably to notice given,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of the administrator of Joseph Edson;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUBBARD, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a bill allowing equi-
table commissions to agents for persons in whose
favor awards have been made under treaties with
foreign Powers, which awards have been re-
tained in the Treasury in payment of debts due
to the United States; which was read twice, and
referred.
Mr. RIVES, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Andrew Forest; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. K. also, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill to establish the Navy
ration, and for other purposes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE, on leave, and in pursu-
ance of notice given, introduced a bill to abolish
imprisonment for debt in certain cases; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary
Mr. ROANE, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to extend the juris-
diction of the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington over the Potomac bridge, and to authorize
the making of deeds for certain lots in said city;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. R. also, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill for the erection of a
hospital in the city of Washington, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. RUGGLES, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Isaac Hilton-, which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NICHOLAS, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a bill for the relief of
Charles Morgan; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. N. also, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill for the relief of Jean
Baptiste Grainger; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill supplementary to
the act establishing branch mints of the United
States; which was read twice, and referred to the
.Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PULTON, on leave, and in pursuance of
notice given, introduced a bill to authorize the in-
habitants of township eight north, of range thirty-
two, to surrender their school section, and enter
a section in lieu thereof; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. P. also, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill to authorize the loca-
tion of preemption certificates given by the regis-
ter of public lands at Batesville, Arkansas, under
law of 26th May, 1838, on any public lands in
Arkansas; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NILES, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill for the relief of Jabez
L. White and Asa White; which was read twice,
and referred.
Mr. MORRIS asked leave to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote of yesterday, by which the
bill to punish the counterfeiting of certain coins
was passed; which was granted by unanimous
consent.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported the bill to authorize the exam-
ination and payment of the claims of the work-
men on the public buildings, without amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee .on Pen-
sions, to which the subject had been referred,
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Bassett;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the same committee,
reported the following bills, without amendment:
A bill to establish a pension agency in Mont-
pcher, Vermont;
A bill for the relief of John McCloud; and
A bill granting a pension to David Waller.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the act of
the 7ih of July, 1838, " to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam," as to provide that every captain, en-
gineer, pilot, or oilier person employed in navigating any
steamboat or vessel, propelled in whole or in part by steam,
who shall willfully increase and confine the steam of such
boat or vessel, with intent to piope! her at a speed greater
¡ than her ordinary speed, on any pretext whatever, or who
I «ball willfully run such boat or vessel at a speed greater than
her ordinary speed, against or with any other boat or vessel
at a trial of speed, although no explosion or loss of life shall
occur thereby, shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor, and,
on conviction, shall he fined in any sum not exceeding Ave
thousand dollars; and, also, that'said committee inquire
into the expediency of rcquirmgaprinted copy of the above
entitled act, and the amendments that may be made thereto,
to be kept at all times in a public part of the cabin of such
boat or vessel, for the inspection of the passengers.
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution;
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate copies
of all the orders and instructions issued from Washington
city, by heads of Departments and the Postmaster General,
relative to the kind of money and hank nates which might
be paid out on account of the United States or the Post
