1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, William B. Calhoun, Darling-
ton, Davies, Evans, Potts, Ridgnray, and Tillmghast—8.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by
the íío'ise
Mr. WISE desired the Clerk to note the fact
thut he had refused to vote; and he further de-
sired him henceforward never to cal¡ his name on
any vote on the subject of abolition.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition remonstrat-
ing against tíie'ánnexation of Texas to the Union,
and moved its reference to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was laid on
the table, without a division.
The same disposition was made of the other
petitions on this subject.
Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial praying
Congress to open and establish international re-
lations with the Republic of Hayti, and moved
its reference to the Coramitteeon Foreign Aftairs,
with instructions to consider and report thereon.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for a division of the
question.
Mr. ADAMS said he had moved the instruc-
tions because the chairman of that committee
[Mr. Ho ward] had stated that petitions had here-
tofore been referred to that committee, and no
action had ensued upon them; and also because
he had thrown out an intimation that, if referred
to that committee again, nothing more would be
heard of them.
Mr. HOWARD said that was an insinuation
the gentleman had no right to make.
Mr. ADAMS said he had a right to make it,
for the gentleman's language had amounted to
nothing short of a distinct pledge.
Mr. HAYNES called the gentleman to order,
for debating the petition on the day of its pre- j
sentation.                                                              I
The SPEAKER said it must lie over one day,
under the rule, if it gave rise to debate.
Mr. ADAMS said he had no desire to debate
it, but merely to assign a reason for moving the
instructions.
The SPEAKER. That is debating the peti-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, then, having stated to this
House, and to the country, and to the petitioners
that------
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to order on the ground
that the petition had been ordered to lie over till
to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS said he had risen to withdraw
the instructions, for he feared that the lying over
till to-morrow would be equivalent to its post-
ponement till the end of the session.
The instructions being withdrawn, the memo-
rial was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. A. subsequently presented another petition
on the same subject, and moved the instructions,
stating his intention of debating the subject, and
it was ordered to lie over.
Mr. A. also presented a large number of peti-
tions from various States (including one or two
from Ohio county, Virginia,) praying for the ab-
olition of slavery and the slave trade, remon-
strating against the admission of any new slave-
holding State, against the annexation of Texas,
for international relations with Hayti, &c. The
abolition petitions were laid on the table under
Mr. Atherton's resolution, and the others were
disposed of as stated above.
Mr. CUSH1NG, for the purpose, he said, of
economizing the time of the House, would pre-
sent, to-day, but one of the many abolition peti-
tions intrusted to his charge, and would postpone
the others to a future day.
Mr. C. availed himself of that opportunity to
pronounce the resolution ordering those petitions
on the table to be unconstitutional, to protest
.against it, and asked that his protest might be
entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER ruled it to be out of order.
Petitions and memorials were then further pre-
sented by Messrs. TILLINGHAST and CRAN-
STON, of Rhode Island.
Messrs. TOUCEY, WHITTLESEY, HA-
LEY, and HOLT, of Connecticut.
[Mr. Haley presented the petition of Gilbert
Sprague Fisk, praying for a pension for services
rendered and wounds received in the battle at
Stoiiington, in the late war with Great-Britain.
Also, the petition of Samuel Edgcoomb. praying
for an increase of pension in consequence of ser-
vices rendered in the revolutionary war. Also,
the petition of Esther Culver, praying for a pen-
sion in consequence of services rendered by her
husband, Moses Jones, in the war of the Revo-
lution. Also, the petition of Bradford Phillips,
praying for a pension for services rendered and
wounds received on board the ship Madison, on
Lake Ontario, in the late war. Also, the memo-
rial of Edmund Fanning, claiming, in behalf of
the heirs of Nathaniel Fanning, deceased, his
share of the prize money for services rendered on
board the ship commanded by John Paul Jones;
also, that a gold medal be struck and presented
to his widow, as due to the bravery of this praise-
worthy officer, who perished on duty while serv-
ing his country
Mr. Holt presented the following petitions;
The petition of Mrs. Esther Cleaveland, of Can-
terbury, Connecticut, widow of Captain Moses
Cleaveland, who was a captain in the Revolution,
praying for a pension. Also, the petition of Lucy
Strong, daughter and heir of Eliphalet Spafford,
asking a grant of bounty land in consequence of
services rendered in the war of the Revolution.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Bebbins, of Wind-
ham, asking a pension for services rendered the
Government. Also, the memorial of Major
Charles Laraber, who was an officer in the Army
during the late war with Great Britain, and who
lost a limb whilst so engaged, together with his
vouchers, now on the files of the House.]
Messrs. HALL, SLADE, EVERETT, and
ALLEN, of Vermont.
[Mr. Allen presented the petition of Martha
Ingersoll, for a pension; Seth Willey, for a pen-
sion; Patience Smith, for a pension; Lyman King,
for property taken by the Government in the last
war; John Safford and 71 others, of Cambridge,
Vermont, on the subject of slavery; Henry Stow-
ell and 77 others, on the subject of slavery.]
Messrs. FILLMORE, PARKER, KEMBLE,
TAYLOR, GRAY, BEERS, ANDREWS,
VANDERVEER, SPENCER, JONES, DE
GRAFF, GRANT, BRONSON, MARVIN,
RUSSELL, HOFFMAN, MITCHELL, Mc-
CLELLAN,EDWARDS, PUTNAM, NOBLE,
SIBLEY, and PECK, of New York.
[Mr. Grant presented the petition of Portius
F. Parsons, praying that the heirs of Eli Parsons,
deceased, be paid the amount due upon a certifi-
cate given to Eli Parsons, deceased, for $1,800,
for his services and expenses as commissary gen-
eral in the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. Parker presented the petition of O. R.
Bennetand others, praying for the improvement
of the navigation of the Alleghany river; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
ñéis. Also, the memorial of John Martin Baker,
late consul at Rio de Janeiro, asking compensa-
tion for diplomatic services; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. Gray presented the petition of sundry in-
habitants of Chemung county, New York, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Elmira,
via the west end of the town of Chemung and the
head waters of Wynkoop creek, to Van Ettan-
ville, in Cayuga.
Mr. Kemble presented the petition of Sarah
Oakley, for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also,
the petition of Commodore Daniel S. Patterson,
to be refunded certain -moneys expended by his
order; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Also, the petition of Captain
Charles F. Smith and other officers of the Army,
foran equalization of the pay of the Army; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McClellan presented the petition of
Lyman Bristol, for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. Sibley presented the petition of Jacob
Walling and others, for a post route from Co-
hocton to Allen's Hill, in that State.
Mr.' Bronsox presented the petition and papers
of Gilbert Vroman, in behalf of himself and oth-
ers, heirs of Peter Vroman, deceased, praying
.payment for provisions furnished to the United
States in 1S14; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. Also, the petition and papéis
of James Cummings, for a pension: which were
referred lo the Committee on Invalid Pension?
On motion of Mr. Bronson, the petitions and
papers in the following cases were ordered to be
taken from the files and referred, as follows: in
the case of William Butterfield, to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions; in the case of Conrad
Watts, to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions; in the case of William Tryon, to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. Spencer presented the petition of Robert
Cary, for bounty land. Also, the petition of the
Tuscarora nation of Indians in the State of New
York.]
Mr. YORKE, of New Jersey.
Messrs. HENRY, SHEFFER, PLTJMER,
HAMMOND, HUBLEY.McKENN AN ,NAY-
LOR, TOLAND, OGLE, and S. W. MORRIS,
of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Shepfer presented the petition of Adam
Wert, and seventy-two other voters of Adams
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the immediate
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia and the several Territories.
The petitioners ask its reference to a select com-
mittee, &c; it was laid on the table, under the
order of the House.
Mr. Plumer presented a petition very numer-
ously signed, for an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Alleghany river from Pittsburg
to Olean; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. S. W. Morris presented the petition from
citizens of McKean county, for improvement of
the Alleghany river.
Mr. Henry presented the following: Petition
of William Scott, of Beaver county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for a pension on account of extraor-
dinary exposure and loss of health in the service
of the United States in the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Petition of Jonathan Davis, of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, praying for remuneration for
wheat, oats, and hay, taken from him by order of
Lieutenant McDonald, for the use of the Army
in the late war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. Petition of Andrew Logan, of
Scott county, Iowa Territory, praying for a do-
nation of two sections of land, upon certain con-
ditions, to aid him in the manufacture of silk;
which was referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures. Petition of the heirs of Captain Robert
Unee, an officer of the revolutionary war, praying
for commutation — additional evidence offered;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. Petition of Lieutenant William
McMillen, of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, an
officer of the revolutionary war, praying for com-
mutation; which was referred to the Committee oil
Revolutionary Claims—with additional evidence.
Petition of a number of citizens o{ Beaver' áád
Butler counties, praying Congress to abolish sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia. Petition for a national armory at the
falls of Beaver river, in the county of Beaver;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.]
Mr. MILLIGAN, of Delaware.
Messrs. HOWARD, JOHNSON, KENNE-
DY, and JENIFER, of Maryland.
Messrs. BEIRNE, CRAIG. BANKS, MAL-
LO RY,TA LI AFERRÓ, GARLAND, and HOP-
KINS, of Virginia.
[Mr. Mallory presented the petition of John
Cammaek; the petition of the administrators of
B. Laws; the petition of William Jett; the peti-
tion of the heirs of Robert Watkins; the peti-
tion of Sarah Gates; the petition of John Cow-
per; the petition of George Terrill and Jackson
Morton; the petition of the representatives of
William Godwin; the petition of Sarah Ingra-
ham; the petition of Ely Pierce: the petition of
the representatives of James Marshall; which
were severally referred to appropriate commii-
e<Messrs. STANLY, RENCHER, and GRA-
HAM, of North Carolina.
Mr. LEGARE, of South Carolina.
Messrs. HAYNES, GLASCOCK, and DAW-
SON, of Georgia.
[Mr. Dawson presented a memorial from the
agent of the State of Georgia, asking to be paid
the amount of a final-settlement ceitificate, issued
by John IVrcr, Paymaster Genera! and commis-
sioner of ihr Army accounts, on the 18th of*
M..V. I", ".'., f tin' yute of Georaia, for $123,383,
