1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
do the same thing here. The effect had been to
improve the stock of that country to the highest
degree. The same result would be felt here.
Now as to the effect of a salt tax, who was so
ignorant as to judge of the effect of such a tax by
the mere amount levied ? He who would so judge
knew nothing of political economy. The effect
was that the most valuable sun-made salt, which
cost only four cents a bushel, and brought into
the port of New Orleans as ballast, was taxed
double as much as it cost, nearly two hundred
per cent. tax. What further ? Because the duty
must be paid in cash or secured by bonds given
by American citizens as security, the importer
has to throw the salt into the hands of the regra-
ters or monopolizers, who charge the consumer
their own price. The whole business was thrown
into the hands of these regraters, who advanced
the money to pay the duty, and who put the salt
which originally cost four cents a bushel up to
fifty cents. "What was the second effect? It
was to stint the country of its needful supplies.
Prom estimates made some years ago, it appeared
that the importations were ten million bushels,
while there are twenty million sheep in the coun-
try; so that if our sheep received the same sup-
ply that was given to the English sheep, there
would not be one bushel for the use of man. It
was known that our manufacturers of salt would
suffer several of their wells to lie idle, that they
wight make a little, and keep up the price to three
and four times as much as it ought to be. The
effect of this monopoly had been such in Missouri,
that he had known salt to be three dollars for the
fifty pounds weight. At Louisville, as he came
along, the price was $1 50 for fifty pounds weight,
and take notice (said Mr. B.) that that fifty pounds
can be put in the compass of a bushel, while the
bushel of foreign sun-made salt is eighty-four
pounds.
Mr. E. then drew a comparison between the
pure salt, made by solar evaporation, and that
taken from the salt springs, and evaporated by
fire: the first pure arid wholesome, the latter con-
taining putrescent, bitter, and poisonous quali-
ities, which the results of the experiments made by
the ablest chemists had shown could be removed
from the salt by no other means yet discovered
than by solar evaporation. The English, he
contended, had ascet tamed, by their experiments,
that neither beef, bacon, nor butter, could be pre-
served by saltsuch as that made at our manufac-
tories. So much for the effect of this publication
in England.
Now as to the cost of the printing. It was
well known that the expense of printing a docu-
ment was caused altogether by the first copies that
were printed. The additional copies were noth-
ing more than the mere cost of the paper and lamp-
black. He had understood that the publication
of this document would not cost more than sixty
cents a volume; and this expense he thought tri-
fling, commensmate with the immense value of
the information that would be conveyed to the
country.
The Senator from Ohio said that if this was a
valuable work the people would get it through the
means of private enterprise; and almost in the
same breath acknowledged that he had never
heard of it before. Now, how were the people
of the United States to get this volume, when
there was but one copy in the country, and that
was in the library of Congress? The only way
for them to get it was for it to be printed and cir-
culated by order of one of the Houses of Con-
gress.
One of the objects which induced him to move
the printing of these documents was, that they
might be used in support of the bill for the abo-
lition of the salt tax. Now, (said Mr. B.,) refuse
to print them, and there was no estimating the
cost that would be incurred by the speeches that
would be made against abolishing that duty. But
(saidMr. B.)prmtthem, and they will throw such
a light on the subject, that no man will venture to
open his mouth in support of this odious tax.
Aftei some further remarks from Mr. B.,
Mr. KNIGHT made a few observations in
support of the motion, but in too low a tone to be
heard.
Mr. BENTON, in reply, said that it was not
the amount of the tax, but the tax itself, which
puts the article in the hands of the regrater. The
bounties and allowances to the fisheries, in con-
j sideration of the salt tax, were alone $250,000, so
that the outgoing from the Treasury at this mo-
! ment, originating from this tax and dependant
upon it, was nearly as much as the tax itself. He
hoped there was no gentleman who would wish
to keep up this tax on the people of the South and
West, because it put money in the pockets of the
Northeast; for, strange as it might appear that
any tax should be a money-making business, he
| would undertake to make it plain that this tax
was so to some of the people of this Union, and
that there was not, at this moment, so unjustifi-
able a tax in Europe or Asia as this salt tax.
Mr. MORRIS said that the honorable Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had not convinced
him either of the necessity or propriety of printing
this document. It is very apparent that the Sen-
ator is'already possessed of all the information
necessary to show the propriety of repealing the
duty on salt; and why not bring in a bill to repeal
it at once? He was prepared at once to repeal
the duty on salt; and not on salt alone, but on
coal, on breadstuffs. on sugar, and on coarse
woolens; to take the burden of supporting your
Government off of the necessaries, and to impose
it upon tho luxuries of life. We make a parade
of relieving our constituents from the duty on salt,
and at the same time impose on them a duty to
print foreign books. He referred to another doc-
ument that was printed a few years ago, of which
a vast number was circulated to enlighten the
people of this country on the abuses of one of the
Departments of this Government: he meant the
report of the Committee on the Post Office. In
one section of the country the leaves of this doc-
ument were used for wadding for the cannon em-
ployed in celebrating a Democratic victory. In
his neighborhood they were used in wrapping up
tea, coffee, sugar, and other groceries. This was
the proper mode, they said, to circulate such a
document.
We make many professions of economy, and
talk much about the necessity of retrenchment!
Why, sir, when I look around me, and see the
gorgeous drapery over your head, the extravagant
' covering on your floor, the immense expendituie
on the area inclosed by your iron railing, I ask
myself who pays for all this? Why, sir, the peo-
ple.    We are here, sir, in the service of the peo-
ple; and to convince them that we are doing some-
thing for them, every now and then we send them
a document which is printed at their own expense.
Sir, I am one who does not believe in the consti-
tutionality of protecting duties, and  one who
thinks that the expenses of the Government should
be raised from luxuries; and I ask the Senator to
bring in his bill for the repeal of the salt duty,
and it shall have my support.    Is he afraid of
what is termed the compromise act?   I acknowl-
edge the power of no law to restrict our acting for
what we deem the public weal.   Are the rights of
the people compromised '    Are my rights com-
promised ?  No, sir; I come hero a free and inde-
pendent Senator, prepared to pass any law, if I
i can carry a majority with me, that I may deem
necessary for the public good.
•     Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, observed that as he
was called on to vote upon this question he should
give briefly the reasons which would govern his
vote.    He confessed he had heard with some sur-
prise the remarks of the Senator from Ohio, as
he had recollected the manner in which the reso-
lution was introduced, and especially the manner
in   which the Senator from  Missouri called  the
attention of the Senate to it, and stated the ob-
jects he had in view.    The Senator from Ohio, it
1 was true, was not in the Senate at the time, and
| therefore did not hear the remarks which accom-
, panied the motion.    For his part, he was dis-
posed to have all the light on the subject that
: could be obtained, the more so as he resided in a
part of the country where the oppressions of the
salt tax were felt in a higher degree than any
1 other.    He had long been of the opinion that it
: was just as reasonable to tax the light of heaven,
! as to tax salt; and being in favor of an entire
I repeal of the duty, as he ever had been, he was
■ anxious to disseminate as widely as possible such
: information as would bring abouta universal sen-
i timent throughout the country in favor of that
! measure.    With regard to the question as to the
¡ power of the Senate to order the printing of doe-
I uments necessary to elucidate the subjects on
I which they were about to legislate, was too clear
to be disputed. Did any Senator doubt the power
of the body to print documents which were to be
the basis of legislative action ? Surely there was
no doubt as to the power. He did not undertake
to say that they had the right to print books for
the individual use of the members. Indeed he
had never given a vote for printing any such
books-, but here the case was different. It was
proposed to print a document calculated to throw
light on a very important subject, and necessary
not only for their own information, when legis-
lating with regard to it, but highly necessary for
the information of the people at large. Then as
to the question of expediency. He apprehended
that the people did want light on the subject of
this salt tax. He apprehended that but few of
his intelligent constituents were aware of the ex-
tent to which they were oppressed by the tax
they were paying forthe use of this indispensable
article of subsistence, or of the extent to which
the monopoly of it was carried. In the first place,
the works-from whence the domestic salt came,
with which his part of the country was supplied,
were monopolized—were in the hands of a single
man, who worked but one of his many wells, in
order to keep up the price. This was not un-
usual: for he had heard of instances where the
proprietors of these wells were paid by the salt
speculators to keep their wells idle to prevent a
sufficient quantity from being made to bring down
the price.
Mr. BENTON said that it had been proved in
a document laid before the Senate, that salt made
at Holstein was sold as cheap below the Muscle
Shoals, after all the expense of transportation, as
at the place where it was made.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama. Yes, sir; and it is
the custom to sell on higher terms at the manu-
factory than at a distance, where their salt meets
the foreign salt. Then at what rate do we buy
our salt? Ordinarily at $1 50 for a bushel of fifty
pounds weight. And what was the cost of manu-
facturing the article ? We have it from the highest
authority—one of the individuals who manufac-
tures salt—that it can be manufactured at a cost
not exceeding twelve cents per bushel. Then
what was the e<5st of transporting it to Holstein ?
Why, compaiatively nothing.
Mr. C. then made an estimate of the quantity-
consumed in his section of the country, and the
amount of the tax, which, in one single county,
was more than the cost of printing these docu-
ments? Should he then hesitate about incurring
this small expense—small in comparison with the
enormous amount of the tax—when the object
was to disseminate such information as would aid
in the removal of it. For one, he should vote
against rescinding the resolution.
One of the individuals whose evidence was laid
before the Senate, some years ago, said that the
average cost of production of the article was not
more than six and a quarter cents per bushel; and
yet we are to be taxed this enormous amount for
the benefit of speculators and monopolizers, who
always take advantage of the existing state of
tilings, and in some parts of the country have ex-
torted as much its three and four dollars a bushel.
Indeed, he had heard of one instance when eight
dollars per bushel was extorted, it being at that
particular season of the year when the people
were puttingup their year's provisions. Mr. C,
after speakins of the combinations between the
proprietors of the wells and those who sell the
salt, asked what sort of protection was needed by
the manufacturers? Were they not sufficiently
protected by the cost of transportation from the
sea-board across the mountains? It would be a
day of gratulation to the whole country when this
odious tax should be abolished, and he was so
anxious to see it done that he would not hesitate
at the trifling cost of printing the papers which
he thought would aid in accomplishing that de-
sirable object. The cost of the whole publication
would not amount to the cost of the salt tax in
one single county in his State.
Mr. PRESTON said that the argument of the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] amounted to
this: the salt tax is a bad one; and, therefore, Mr.
Blair must have a job of eighteen or twenty thou-
sand-dollars. Now, sir, 1 am as much opposed
to this tax as the honorable Senator is; and when
the proper moment arrives, I will show it; but 1
cannot see the necessity of throwing this job into
the hands of the Government printer.     Wiiat is
