88                                       THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           January 3,
Joel Martin, and  David Barllett; which were
ordeied to lie on the table and be punted.
Mi. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Pubhc Lands,reported without amendment Sen-
ate bill to establish an additional land distiict m
the State of Alabama.
Mr WORD, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill foi the rehef of the hens and legal rep-
resentatives of John Tremble, sen , deceased.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports on the petitions of the citi-
zens of the State of Missoun, playing preemp-
tion upon certain inundated land in that State,
and that they may be pei muted to diam the same.
Also, on the petitions of Samuel Davis, William
Biown, and Maitin H. Aithur. Also, on the
petitions of James Alexander Claik, Challes
McPherson and othcis, and David Eagerly,
which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, moved that
the vote on laying on the table the unfavoiable
report on the petition of David Bagerly, praying
the building of a levee on the south side of the
Red nver, be reconsidered; which was carried.
Mr. G. then moved that the same be referred
back to tht Committee on Public Lands, with
instinotions to inquire into the expediency of
making appropriation for estimates and suiveys,
and the cost thereof; which was agieed to.
On motion of M« CASEY, the Committee on
Public Lands was disrhaiged fiom the fuither
consideration of the petition of the citizens of the
State of Illinois, praying a grant of land to con-
struct loads, &c , and the same was íefened to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. MARTIN, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciaiy, íepoited a bill to amend the act to icoi-
go.ni/c the circuit coutt of the northern distuct of
Mississippi, which was ouleied to be engrossed
for a thud leading to-day
Mr C0RW1N, iiom the same committee, re-
ported without amendment, Senate bill entitled
an act to amend an act entitled " An act more ef-
fectually to piovide for the punishment of ceitam
crimes against the United States, and for other
purposes."
Mi. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims, u ported a bill to authorize the
payment of sí ven y cart,' half-pay, due on account
of the revolutionaiy servicis of Thomas Knowl-
ton
Mi. TALI AFERRÓ, from the same committee,
repoited a bill (or the relief of the heirs of Jona-
than Dye.
Also a bill allowing seven yeais' half-pay to
heirs ot Uavid Gould.
Mi. MAY, fiom the Committee on Private
Land Claims, lepoitid a resolution authorising
that commute* to employ a (leik; which was le-
jected—yeas 41), nays 8"2.
Also, ajomtiesoiution for the íelicfof the hens
of John Rioivn, deceased; which was ordered to
be engtossal for a thud leading to-day
Mi EVERETT, fiom the Committee on In-
dian Ailairs, made an unfavoiable lepoit on the
petition of Nathaniel Taylor; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. MORGAN, fiom the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Smith
Also, a bill forthe íelief of Samuel Edgecomb.
Mi. WHITTLESEY, fiom the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of IchabodBeaid-
sley.
Also, a bill for the relief of S  Barnes; and
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Fiench.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, fiom the same
committee, reported a bill granting a pension to
William Ford.
Also, a bill for the relief of John Glasson.
Also, a bill for the rehef of Samuel Parsons.
Mr. CHILDS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Patrick Allen.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to
William Smith.
Also, a bill granting a pension toWilham Fitz-
gerald.
Also, a bill granting a pension to Eunice San-
deis.
Also, a billgrantmga pension to Martha Strong.
Also, a bill for theielief of the heirs of Charles
Fitzgerald
Mr.WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the íehef of Elijah
Blodget.
Also, a bill for the relief of Thomas Collins.
Also, a bill the íehef of Samuel M. Ash-
buiy.
Also, a bill for the íehef of James Fleming.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Biadbuiy Jepson;
which was ordered toa third reading, engiossed,
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLAN, of Vermont, fiom thesamecom-
mittee, repoited the following:
A bill for the íehef of Robtit Whitlett;
A bill for the relief of Mirón Chapín;
A biil for the relief of Jaied Winslow;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Davis; and
A bill for the relief of I&aac Justis
Mr. HEROD, from the same committee, re-
ported the following:
A bill for the íehef of Josiah Parkei;
A bill for the íehef of Isaac Boyd , and
A bill for theielief of Levi M. Roberts.
Mi. PLUMER, from the same committee, re-
poited a bill foi the relief of Gideon Shtldon.
Mr. FLETCHER, of Vermont, fiom the Com-
mittee on Pitents,ieported, without amendment,
Senate bill forthe íehef of Eiastus Fan banks and
Thiddcus Fairbanks.
Also, without amendment, Senate bill for the
relief of Elisha Town.
On motion of Mi. HOWARD, the Chair waa
authonzed to fill the vacancy on the Committee
on Foieign Allans.
REFERENCE  OF   PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. IIAYNES, the House then
went into committee on the Ficsident's annual
message, (Mr. Adams in the chair )
The question was on the series of resolutions
moved by Mi. Haynes to distiibuto the vanous
poitions of the message among the appiopnate
committer s.
Mr CUSIIMAN, who was entitled to the
floor, addnssed the House for some time in íe-
ply to Messis. Wisl and Pulvtiss.
Mi. DUNCAN then obtamc d the flooi, and on
his motion the committee inse and leponed.
The SPEAKER laid bcfoie the House a state-
ment of the number and compensation of the clerks
in the Post Office Department.
On motion of Mi CONNOR, laid on the table.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, Janumy 3, 1839
Mr. WitiTf., of Tennessee, appealed in his
place m the Senate
The PRESIDENT presented a communication
fiom the War Department, tiansmitting a leport
fiom the Second Auditoi, containing a statement
of the contingent expenses of the Military Acad-
emy; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial prayin"
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the Distiict of Columbia.
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS, of Mississip-
pi, the motion to íeceive was laid upon the table.
Mi McKEAN presented another memorial,
remonstiating against the admittance of any new
State into the Union whose constitution toler-
ated the institution of slaveiy, and also remon-
stiating against the annexation of Texas.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, again raised
the question of leception
The PRESIDENT said there was no question
of reception before the Senate.
Mr KING stated that the rule had been dis-
tinctly settled by the decision of the Senate, and
| did not now admit of a question.   Whenever a
I petition, in which the subject of slavery was m-
i volved, was piesented, the established course had
been for the Chair, and it was its duty, to state
the preliminary question, "Shall the petition be
received'" and when this was done, a motion
had always been made to lay this question of re-
ception on the table;  which being carried, the
matter was ended.   This was the parliamentary
íule; but it was usual for the Piesiding Officer to
dispense with it, and take the ¡eception as for
granted, when the petition related to a matter
about which no objection would be made
The PRESIDENT did not consider it the duty
of the Chair to state the piehminaiy question as
to the reception of petitions, and thought it mat-
tei with which the Chair had nothing to do It
had been the unvaiying rule of the Chair, when
petitions involving the subject of slavery were
presented, to state to the Senate distinctly their
purpoi t, in order that some member present might
raise the question of reception.
Mr. RUGGLES said that, coming fiom the
section of countiy lie did, he feltcompelled to ob-
ject to the couise indicated by the remaiksofthe
Senator from Alabama, [Mi. Kihg j The peti-
tion does not involve the question of domestic
slavery in the States orTe.ntones of this Union,
but was of a very different chaiactei, appertain-
ing to questions connected with the general legis-
lation of the countiy. Though he was very un-
willing that the question of slaveiy should be agi-
tated or discussed in that body, he thought the
present memoual should be received and have a
proper reference.
Mr. McKEAN said that the petition did not
involve the question of the abolition of slavery,
and he supposed it did not come under the general
rule. His intention was to lay it on the table,
and move its reference at a subsequent period,
lie now moved that the petition be leceived; and
on that question he asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr.WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, said that he
undeistood the piayer of the petition to be, that
no new State may be admitted into the Union
whose constitution tolerates slaveiy; that is, (said
1 Mi W ,) one branch of the petition is on the
subject of slavery; therefoie, I move to lay the
question es to Us reception on the table.
Mr. MORRIS wished to obtain the decision of
the Chair on a question of oidei. He wished to
know if, aftei the yeas and nays had been de-
mandid on the question of ¡eception, a motion to
lay the question of reception on the table could
deprive him of the right of recording his vote on
the former question' He had always looked on
this motion to* lay on the table as a violation of
the constitutional rights of a minority of that body
The Constitution, in expiess terms, says that the
yeas and nays shall be called upon the lequisition
of one fifth of the members present, and he pro-
tested against the right—not the right, but the
power—of a majonty to deprive him and the one
fifth of the members of their constitutional right of
recoiding then votes on any question that might be
presented to them. He did not wish to occupy
time in discussing this subject on the pioposition
at present before the Senate, but he would take a
futuie occasion to bring it up in such a manner as
to be enabled to present his views on the subject,
and place himself in a light position before the
country.
The PRESIDENT then stated his decision on
the point of oider. The Chair (he said) now finds,
after a reference to the pailiamentary rules just
pointed out to him by the Senator from Alabama,
that it is his duty, on the piesentation of a peti-
tion, fust to put the piehmmary question, " Shall
the petition be received'" It was the duty of the
Chair always to put this question, except in those
cases where, by universal consent, there would
be no objection made to the reception of the paper
The Chair, in all cases where petitions in refer-
ence to the abolition of slavery in the Distiict of
Columbia were presented, had distinctly stated
to'the Senate the subject involved, in order that
the attention of those members who objected to
then reception might be dnected to them, and
that they might have an opportunity of raising
the question of reception.    The Chair, on  the
! present occasion, acted, as he btlieved, in accord-
ance with his duty, believing that the usual diffi-
culty was not involved, and that, as the petition
related to Texas solely, it was to be received sub
silentio, as had been the rase with other memo-
rials in reference to that subject. The question
nowraisedbytheSenatorfromOhio was,whether
the question can rightfully be taken on the motion
of the Senator from Mississippi, to lay the motion
[ for reception on the table, after the yeas and nays
¡ have been oidired on the question of reception.
j On this question the Chan had no doubt The
question raised by the Senator fiom Mississippi
I was one of those pnvileged questions that it was
