THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
25th Congress, 3d Session
TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1839
VOL'7....No. 7.
allied and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authonze the transfer, on certain conditions, to
the State of Maryland, of the stock held bv the
United States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company
Mr. W., on asking leave, said that on the 9th
of April last, the Senate, upon Ins motion, had
adopted a resolution calling upon the Secretary |
of the Tieasury for mfoimation as to the divi-
dends received, and piesent market value of the
stock held by the United States in various canal
companies. To this call the Secretary of the
Treasury had responded in a statement, showing
that the Government had never leceivtd any div-
idend fiom its stock in tne Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company, that this stock is much below
par, and that it is doubtful whether it can be con-
verted into money at any pnce Mi W said,
as this stock was yielding nothing to the Gov-
ernment, and could not be sold for money, he was
willing to transfer it for a reasonable equivalent
to the State of Maryland. This equivalent was,
that the State of Maryland should cause, within |
a specified peuod, this canal to be completed to
the Ohio nver, and that, when completed, the
canal, throughout its entire distance, should be
forever free for the transportation of any prop- ,
erty, troops, or seamen of the United States, with-
out the payment of any toll or chaige whatever.
This bill, then, involved the eA.eicise of no doubt-
ful or disputed constitutional power, but simply ,
piovided for tne sale for a reasonable equivalent '
of this stock to the State of Maryland                   j
The bill was read twice and refeired to the
Committee on Roads and Canals                             I
RES0LLTIOÍ.S.
Mr ALLEN presented the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted
Resolved, That the Committee on the Distuctof Colum
bid beinstiueted lo mqunt   a id to irport to the ben ue
whether the Binks of the District hive, in ill filings, con
fonmd to the CO iditionsot the act entitled    An act to con
tmue the corpoiate existence of the hanks m the District of
Columbia," approved M iv <tl, 1838,ande prciall} whether
they, or euherof them hive evaded, or attempted to evade,
the conditions of said act   bv Usini,', in  uiv mannei, the
notes or bills of other banks, corporations, or eomp inie-, of
a den< rmnuion less, than that which thej are allowed to
j&e of their own note                                                        j
Mi NORVELL offeied the following resolu-
tion, which was consideicd and adopted
Resohed, That the C nntmtU! on the i'uh ie Lands be
instrueted to nnju ie into tin < \pedienc\ >l aiumn' one
bundled thous md ioie> ot 1 md t > the ^filL oí Mirlnjuí,
the proceeds oí won h shall he aophed io the i oiistiticuon
oí a cinal aiound the tall- ot i?u Main toconmct the
invitation ot la^e iiuion with 1 ike bupenor
BILLS P<\!>isED.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Sarah An-
gelí, and other hens at law of Benjamin King, de-
ceased, was read a thiid time and passed
The bill foi the relief of sundry citizens of Ar
kansas, who lost their impiovcments in conse-
quence of a tieaty with the Choctaws, was read
a thud time and passed
The bill for the suppoit of the Penitentiary of
the Distuctof Columbia was read a thud time
and passed
The bill for the relief of James H Claik was
taken up, and after being discussed for some time,
was laid upon the table, foi the purpose of taking
up the special order of the day.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill for the graduation and reduction of the
price of the public lands came up as the special
Older, the question being on the amendment of-
fered by the Committee on tht Public Lands, un-
der the mstiuctions of the Senate when the recom-
mitment was ordered.
Mi CLAY, of Alabama, offered an amendment
to the amendment, proposing to extend the pi i vi-
le ge of purchasing at the reduced prices to contig-
uous landholdeis.
A debate then ensued, m which Messrs CLAY
of Alabama, CLAY of Kentucky, WALKER,
SMITH of Indiana, and ROANE, took part, and,
without taking any question,
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, The Sen-
ate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 7, 1839
As soon as the Journal had been read,
Mr SLADE wished to know if it would not
be in order for him to call up for consideration a
memorial presented by him on a formei day, re-
lating to the recognition of Hayti
The SPEAKER decided that it would not.
Mr SLADE, intimating that he wasdesirousto
addiess the House on the subject of the memo-
nal, moved that it be taken up for consideration,
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays,
which weie not oideied
Mr CRAIG was opposed to the motion He
wished to know whether it was of moie import
anee to hear a speech ftom the gentleman fiom
Vermont, or to proceed in the regular order for
presenting petitions'
The motion was ¡ejected
The SPEAKER then pioceeded to call the
States for petitions; wheieupon petitions weie
presented by
Messrs. EVANS, ANDERSON, DAVEE,
PARRIS, and ROBINSON, of Maine.
[Mi Davee presented the petition of E. S.
Gieely, of Dover, in the county of Piscataquis,
in the State of Maine, who states that he was
appointed by the county eommissioneis of the
county of Penobscot, by authority of law, to take
the census of Madawaska, a poition of the dis-
puted boundary between this countiy and Gieat
Biitain, that he attempted to perfoim thatsei-
vice, and in doing so was imprisoned by theBnt-
ish authonties foi a gieat length of time, that he
sufTeied greatly nt health and p euniary tesouiccs,
and therefoie now piays Congiess to allow him
such compensation as they may deempiopei The
petition wasiefened to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs ]
Mr  DOWNING, of Florida
Mr CRARY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion for a mail íoute from Orion to Romeo
Mr YELL, of Arkansas
Messrs MILLER and HARRISON, of Mis-
SOUIl
[Mi Milltr presented the petition of William
Sandeis, of Griecu county, Missoun, asking the
passage of a law granting him  the right of pic
emotion to ct nam lands theKin mentioned
Mi H yiuusov picsi nted the petition of John
Mooie, foi eoinpi nsinon foi seivices undeied
dining the Bhck Hawk wir of Jeiemiah Clay,
piaymg the confnmation of a pi i vate claim, of
Htniietta D Keisunt, of St Louis, praying a
remission of duties, ot Richud Biannm.foi com-
pensation foi horses Iostdunng the Bhck Hawk
war ]
Mcssr'  MAY and CASEY, of Illinois
[Ml. Caset ptpsented the petition of sundry
citizens of lidgai county, Illinois, piaymg the
light of pteemption to a certuti section of the
public land m said county, for the use and benefit
of thePansSeminuy which, on his motion, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands and
oideied to be printed ]
Messis. CRABB and CHAPMAN, of Ala-
bama
[Mr. Chapman presented the memonal of Eliza
Howard, piaymg airearages of pension due hei
late husband, Geoige W Howaid, which, on
motion, was lefened to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions 1
Messrs RARIDEN, DUNN, EWING, and
GRAHAM, of Indiana
[Mr. Grvh hi presented the petition of James
Smallwood. of Clark countv. Indiana, praying to
be placed on the pension i oil, or such othei le-
lief as Congress may, m their wisdom, grant;
which was refeired to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions Also, the petition of George Sum-
mers, of Claik county, Indiana, a soldier of the
revolutionary army, praying to be placed on the
pension roll, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions
On motion of Mr G , the claims of Mudv W
Shields, William Thomas, John Gibson, James
W. Anderson, William J Owens, John M.
Paurds, Alfred Huckelbeiry, James Cooper, Wil-
liam Garner, Bazil Powel, Thomas Kelly, James
Hays,( William Patnck, Daniel O Beem, and
Hannibal Duiham, for hoises lost in the service
of the United States, be taken from the files, and
refened to the Committee on Claims
Mi. Raiuden presented a petition for a post
route fiom Cambridge city, Indiana, via Hagers-
town, Franklin, and Rogorsville,toMuncytown,
in Delaware county.
Mr. Duvn presented the petition of George
W Hopkins, jr., and sixty other men, citizens
of Decatur county, Indiana, piaymg for the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia, the
petition of Geoige W Hopkins, jr , and seven-
ty-seven other men of Decatui county, Indiana,
piaymg—1 That the tiaffic in slaves among the
States may be abolished 2 That no new slave
State may be admitted. 3 Protesting against
the admission of Texas. Also, three petitions
of Horace Pease and five other men and six wo-
men, of Salt creek, in Decatur and Franklm coun-
ties, Indiana, on the same subjects.]
Mi. DOTY, Delegate from the Territory of
Wisconsin, presented the petitions of owners
and masters of vessels, for an appropriation for
a haibor at Southport, of the inhabitants of
Racmp, for an appiopnation foi a haibor at Ra-
cine, of inhabitants of Oswego, New York, for
an appropriation foi a harbor at Racine; of mer-
chants and citizens of Buffalo, New Yoik, foi an
appiopnation for a haibor at Racine, of the in-
habitants of Toledo, Ohio, for an appiopnation
fo a harbor at Racine, of the inhabitants of
Ror hesti i, Wisconsin Ttmtoiy, for an appro-
piiation for a haiboi at Racine, of the inhabit-
ants of Milwaukee and its viciniiy, for an ap-
piopnation foi a hmboi at Milwaukee, of the
inhabitants ot MiKvaukei , p'aying that Milwau-
kee mav be mide a poit of entry, of the inhab-
itant of Wisconsin, foi the lmpiovement of the
navigation of the Pekuonica nver, in Wisconsin;
of the inhabitants of Wisconsin, that a post route
may be established fiom Spimgfieid, Wisconsin
Tenitoiy, by Eagle Píame and Foi t Atkinson,
to Madison, of the people of the Biotherton
nation, that then lands may be equally divided
among them bvGovenmu nt, and that they may
be deelaied citizens of th> United States; of the
inhabitants of tin Wisconsin lead mine distuct,
for a ledress of guevances
Mi JOHNSON, of Louisiana, piesented ¡t
mem mal oí Duncan N Ileiinan, cleik of the
United States distuct and cucuit court foi the
eastern distuctof Louisiana, exhibiting chaiges
agunst P K Lawienoe, United States distuct
judge of Louisiana, of negligence, coiruption,
intempeiance,clc
Mi J said, as it was a subject of much im-
pel'arce to the judge", as well as to the State, he
would move to lefei it to a select committee.
Mi THOMAS said he did not conceive that he
would peifoim his duty by permitting this memo-
nal to take such a cotuse He considered the
Committee on the Judicial y a proper tribunal for
the decision of such matters, and that prompt
action would be had theieon
Mr JOHNSON said, with tht assurance that
the memoual would be piomptly acted upon, he
would withdraw the motion
Mr. POPE said it had been unusual to refer
such charges of a specific natuie to a standing
committee He was m favor of a select com-
mittee
Mi JOHNSON then i ene wed his motion for a
select committee, which was agreed to, the num-
ber of membeis to consist of seven
Messis GOODE, COFFIN, HARPER, GID-
DINGS, CORW1N, MORRIS, RIDGWAY,
SIIEPLOR, ALLEN, and S WEARINGEN, of
Ohio
[Mi CorFixr presented the petition of Elizabeth
P Heaton and one bundled and ninety-nine
othe s. wonrn of Columbiana county, Ohio,
pi aymg the abolition of slaveiy and the slave trade
in the District of Columbia, of Jacob Heaton and
