98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
one hundred and fifty-six others, citizens of Co-
lumbiana county, Ohio, praying: for the total and
immediate abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; which were laid on the table; of John
Might, praying an increase of his pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. Harper presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Muskingum, Coshocton, and Knox
counties, Ohio, praying for a mail route from
Zanesville, via Belmeaz Cross Roads, Frayeys-
burg, West Carlisle, and East Union, to Gambia,
Knox county. Also, the petition of Davy Piatt,
of the District of Columbia, praying an increase
of pension.
Mr. Ridgway presented the petition of Fred-
erick Reinhart, a citizen of the kingdom of Bava-
ria, praying for a grant of land from the Congress
of the United States, as a recognition of his ser-
vices in the allied army during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. Swearingen presented the petition of Eliz-
abeth Wilson and one hundred and fifty-four other
women, for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia; a petition of Elizabeth Wilson and
one hundred and six other women, remonstiating
against the annexation of Texas to this Union;
a petition of Andrew Saltsman and eighty-nine
others, citizens of Jefferson county, praying Con-
gress to abolish slavery and the slave trade within
the District of Columbia, and so to regulate com-
merce among (he several States as to prohibit the
traffic in slaves between the States. Also, of one
hundred citizens of Jefferson county, remnnstiat-
ing against the admission of any new States into
this Union, whose constitution tolerates domestic
slavery.]
Messrs. STONE, CARTER, WILLIAMS,
and SPEAKER, of Tennessee.
[Mr. Stone presented the petition of William
Brown, assignee of John Dwiggings, praying
compensation for lands lost, which had been pur-
chased by the Tennessee Land Company; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. Also, the petition of John McCoulhan,
praying compensation for spoliations done his
property by the Cherokee , after having been set-
tled peaceably among them under the authority
of Governor MeMitin; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.|
Messrs.Cl I AMBURS.SOUTHGATE, MUR-
RAY, and MUNEl-'KE, of Kentucky.
Messrs. JACKSON and TOWNS, of Georgia.
Messrs.CAMPBELL,THOMPSON,and LE-
GARE, of South Carolina.
McKsis. GRAHAM and Me.KAY, of North
Carolina.
Mcksi-h. WISE, JIOULDIN, MASON, GAR-
LAND,COLES, BANKS, JOHNSON, CRAIG,
TALIAFERRO, and 1SE1RNE, of Virginia.
Mr. WISE said he was about to present a pe-
tition of rather a unique character. It had been
forwarded to him, and was addressed to the House
of Representatives. It came from one woman and
one man. ile could not say whether or not they
were joined together. «Their names were J. S.
White and Louisa Grosvenor, of Calais, in the
State of Maine. There was a seal upon the paper
also of a singular character. Stamped upon the
wax was the representation of a sheaf of wheat,
sitting on an end in a wheat field. The inscrip-
tion thereon was "you deserve a thrashing."
Mr.W. then went on to say that he enuld not tell
whether it was himself or others who were des-
ignated as deserving " the thrashing." Be that
as it might, the. prayer of the petition was that
the House would rescind its standing resolution
by which all abolition papers are laid upon the
table.
Mr W. then moved, in substance, that the pe-
tition be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, with instructions to report
a resolution rescinding the "Athcrton resolu-
tions:" and more especially that portion of them
by which abolition papers are laid upon the table
on presentation; that the memorials already re-
ceived by the House and laid on the table, be
taken from the files of the House and returned to
the petitioners, and that in future all abolition me-
mos i.Us, of whatever character, be not received by
this House,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; but,
Mr. WISE intimating a desire to address the
House on the subject, the motion to lay on the
table was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER decided, however, that, a de-
bate arising, the resolution would lie over one day
under the rules.   It lies over accordingly.
Messrs. WORTHINGTON, THOMAS, and
KENNEDY, of Maryland.
Messrs. KLINGENSMITH, McKENNAN,
PLUMER, NAYLOR, PETRIKIN, DAVIS,
TOLAND, BEATTY, and BIDDLE, of Penn-
sylvania.
[Mr. Plumer presented a petition for an appro-
priation to improve the Alleghany river; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals. Also, a petition for the establishment
of a steam revenue cutter; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. Petrikin presented the petition of Jacob
Boston, praying fora pension for wounds received
in the service of the United States, at the block-
ade of Tripoli.]
Mr. HALSTEAD, of New Jersey.
Messrs. LOOM IS, GALLUP, MITCHELL,
NOBLE, MARVIN, RUSSELL, McCLEL-
LAN, CAMBRELENG, ANDERSON, VAN-
DERVEER, FOSTER, PRATT, KEMBLE,
TAYLOR, CURTIS, CLARK, BRODHEAD,
MOORE, PUTNAM, HOFFMAN, PECK,
SIBLEY, and FILLMORE, of New York.
[Mr. Pratt presented petitions from the citi-
zens of Cntskill in the county of Green, New
York, for the improvement of the mouth of the
Catskill creek; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition for a mail route from Sherbern to
Oneonta, through Davensport to Sanford, in Del-
aware county, New York; also, one from Potter's
Hollow, in Albany county, to Broom, (through
the center of that town,) in Scohane county.
Mr. Gallup presented the petition of Mrs.
Nancy G. Van Rensselapr, widow of the late
Colonel Henry R. Van Rensselaer, of the New
York line of the revolutionary army, praying for
a pension.
Mr. McClellan presented the petition of
Charles Rohler, of the city of NewYork, asking
remuneration for services performed in the pilot-
age of Government vessels-, which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the peti-
tion of Charles Darling and others, of Hudson,
New York, praying an appropriation for the ben-
efit of the harbor at North Black River Lake, in
Michigan; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. Also, the petition of Abigail Allen,
of Hudson, New York, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Mr. Foster presented a petition from Joanna
Smith, praying fora pension; from Gorham A.
Worth, praying to be discharged from a bond
signed by him as surety forSamuel Edmond; and
from Li'ttis Pond, praying for a pension.
Mr. Curtis presented a memorial from two
hundred and five citizens and voters of the city
of New York, praying for a repeal of four res-
olutions adopted by the House of Represent-
atives on the liith of December last, on motion
of Mr. Atiierton, of New Hampshire, in re-
spect to memorials and petitions relating to sla-
very. Mr. C said he was personally acquainted
with many of the persons whose names appear
on this memorial. They were of the most in-
telligent, substantial, and worthy citizens of
New York. Among them he recognized the name
of William Cullen Bryant, a gentleman whose
fame as an author, and whose learning and
ability as a political writer, are familiar to the
House and the country. Mr. Bryant, as editor
of one of the leading journals of the country, (the
New York Evening Post,) occupies a position of
much power and influence over the public mind.
Mr. C. was here called to order by Mr. Mor-
gan; but upon the declaration of Mr. C. that he
would not occupy the time of the House further
than to state the contents of the petition, which
he had a right to do under the rule, the Speaker
said Mr. C. was in order; and he proceeded to
say,that the petitioners denounced the resolutions
of the 12th of December as false in principle,
anti-republican in their character, utterly subver-
sive of all that is precious in the sacred right of
petition, alarming as a precedent, especially; to
be reprobated for the  unfounded imputation
which the resolutions cast upon the signers of
abolition memorials, in ascribing to them a de-
sign to " overthrow an institution of the several
States," and, above all, (said Mr. C.,) these me-
morialists complain of the resolutions because
they were passed under the spur of the previous
question, without time for consideration, discus-
sion, or debate. Mr. C. moved the reference of
the petition of Mr. Bryant and others to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of William A.
Whitehead and Captain Hunter, in relation to
Indian Key, in Florida, proposed to be made a
port of entry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Also, the petition of Sa-
rah Bagley, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. Also, the petition of William Colgate
& Co.,and others, prayingforthe imposition ofa
duty on starch imported into the United States,
sufficient to counteract the duty now levied upon
imported wheat; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures. Also, the petition of
William Austin and others, for a law providing
forthe continuance of pensions heretofore granted
to persons wounded on board of private armed
vessels during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. Also, the memorial of Joseph L. Smith and
others, citizens of Frederick and Carroll counties,
of Maryland, praying for the recognition of the
independence of Hayti, and the establishment of
the customary political and commercial relations
between the United States and Hayti; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the memorial of John Chambers and others,
citizens of Virginia and Maryland, praying for
the recognition of the Republic of Hayti as an
independent nation, and for the establishment of
political and commercial relations with that Re-
public; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. Brodiiead presented the petition of Peter
W. Short, of New York, for a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.]
Messrs. HALL, ALLAN, FLETCHER, and
EVERETT, of Vermont.
[Mr. Allan presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont, for the grant ofa
tract of land for each of the colleges in that State;
which were referred to the select committee raised
on the subject of the public lands; petition of
seventy-five citizens of Johnson, Vermont, for
the recognition of the Republic of Hayti; petition
of seventy-four males and sixty-four females,
inhabitants of Johnson, Vermont, against the ad-
mission of any new State into the Union whose
constitution tolerates slavery, and against the
annexation of Texas to the Union; petitions of
fifty-eight males and fifty-eight females, inhabit-
ants of Johnson, Vermont, for the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia and the Ter-
ritory of Florida, and to prohibit the traffic in
slavery between the States.
Mr. Fletcher presented the petition of Mary
Peck; which was referred, with the vouchers, to
the Committee of Claims. Also, the resolutions of
the General Assembly of the State of Vermont,
asking for a grant of land to the several colleges
within the State.]
Mr. HEROD presented the petition of Thomas
Bronaugh, praying for a pension on account of
injuries received while in the service of the United
States during the late war; which was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Messrs. TOUCEY, INGHAM, HALEY,
HALL, WHITTLESEY, and HOLT, of Con-
necticut.
[Mr. Ingham presented the following petitions:
Petition of Elizabeth Pratt, fora pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions; petition of children of Daniel Starr,
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions; petition of
inhabitants of Guilford, Connecticut, asking an
appropriation for a light-house; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; petition
of inhabitants of Wolcott, Connecticut, for a mail
route; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads; petition of Col-
onel Robert D. Wainright, of the marine corps,
asking an increase of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; peti-
