1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
tions, he could not consent to give them any cir-
culation. What was the object of the Senator
from Vermont, in wishing to have these resolu-
tions printed? The Senator himself declared that
he did not expect any such thing as action on
those resolutions; and yet he wished to have them
printed. For what? To give encouragement to
these people to send out more memorials to act on
their Legislature, inducing them to interfere with
matters which do not belong to them. If that was
the object of the gentleman—and he trusted and
believed that it was not—he might have some rea-
son for urging the printing of these papers; but,
as he had a great respect for the gentleman, and
believed that he had no such object in view, he
was at a loss to conceive why he persisted in the
motion. He thanked the gentleman for warning
the South of what became their duty under the
present state of excitement on this subject. Sir,
(said Mr. K.,) we will discharge our duty to our-
selves and our constituents, without asking ad-
vice from the Senator from Vermont or from his
Legislature, or the Legislature of any other State.
He had hoped that they would have been spared,
in this body, the agitation of this exciting sub-
ject. He knew that it had taken place elsewhere
in a manner highly disgraceful, but he had confi-
dently expected that this body would escape it,
and that the Senator from Vermont would be the
last man to bring it up. He regretted the neces-
sity of making these few observations, but he was
compelled to do so, because he thought the Sen-
ator from Vermont was forcing this matter be-
yond what was necessary.
Mr. LUMPKIN said his object in rising was
to move that the motion to print be laid upon the
table. But before he submitted that motion, he
would remark that he fully concurred in the re-
marks of the Senators from South Carolina and
Alabama, [Mr. Calhoun and Mr. King,] and
that he felt no disposition to countenance or re-
spect attempts to agitate the question of slavery,
the more because it was brought before the Sen-
ate by the proceedings of a sovereign State. No,
sir, (said Mr. L.,) the agitation of this question
by obscure and ignorant individuals is harmless
and innocent when compared with the proceed-
ings of the Legislature of Vermont. Yet the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Prentiss] admon-
ishes the South to keep cool and quiet, to disre-
gard the efforts of those who are constantly war-
ringagainst their rights and interests. Sir, (said
Mr. L.,) this advice reminds me of a robber,
who, while he has his hand in my pocket, taking
from me that to which he has no just claim,
ceases not to admonish me to be quiet—be easy
 —he will do me no harm. Every lover of this
Union should cease to agitate this question. The
interference of the Abolitionists and their sup-
porters with the domestic concerns of the South
is daily becoming more offensive. These pro-
ceedings are rapidly alienating the affections of
one portion of the Union from the other. We
should circulate nothing from this Senate calcu-
lated to increase excitement and prejudice.
Under this view of the subject, I move to lay the
motion to print on the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Lump-
kin's motion to lay the motion to print on the
table,- and carried—yeas 29, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Brown, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuttenden, Foster, Fulton, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lnmpkm, Memrk, Mouton, Nicholas,
Norveli.Pierce, Preston, Rives, ltoane, Robinson, Smith of
Connecticut, Southard, Tipton, White, Williams of Mis-
sissippi, Wnght, and Young—-20.
NAYS—Wcsirs. Davis, Knight, McKcan, Morris, Pren-
tiss, Robbins, Smith of iilihana, and Switt—8.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was
' On7e?-ei£,That the petition and papers of John Elliott, on
the fties of the last session, be taken therefrom and again
referred to the Committee on Claims.
,  On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial and papers of Henry H.
Pickering, on the files of the last session, be again referred
to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROANE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which had been referred the
bill giving assent of Congress to an act of the
General Assembly of Virginia incorporating the
Falmouth and Alexandria Railroad Company,
reported the same with an amendment.
Mr. R., from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill concerning the estates of
idiots or lunatics and infants, in the District of
Columbia, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill extending the juris-
diction of the corporation of the city, of Wash-
ington over the Potomac bridge, reported the
same with an amendment.
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to explain and amend the
fifth section of the act passed June 30, 1834, for
the better organization of the marine corps of the
United States; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
GENERAL HERNANDEZ.
Mr. BENTON said, that at the last session
the Committee on Claims presented an adverse
report in the case of General Hernandez. He had
now in his hand additional evidence, which es-
tablished, on oath, the occupancy of the property
by the troops of the United States, which he
wished should be referred, in addition to the pa-
pers already on file, to the Committee on Claims.
On this motion a long debate ensued, in which
the merits of this claim,and other similar claims,
was discussed; which resulted in a motion, by
Mr. BAYARD, to rescind a former order of the
Senate postponing the consideration of these
claims until the passage of a general law on the
subject; which was adopted, when,
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and papers relating to the
claims of Gad Humphreys, John J. Bulow, and others, be
again referred to the Committee on Claims.
CONVENTION WITH TEXAS.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
provide for carrying into effect the convention be-
tween Texas«and the United States, and marking
the boundary, coming up for consideration,
Mr. BUCHANAN said that it was necessary
to pass this bill as early as possible. The season
when operations should commence was near at
hand, as the surveyors should be on the line by
the 1st of March next. The bill is an exact tran-
script of the bill which was framed for carrying
into effect the convention respecting the bound-
ary line between this country and Mexico—Texas
now standing; in the place of Mexico. The bill
had been shown to the members of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, who had unanimously ap-
proved of it, and acquiesced m the necessity of
its immediate passage. It had, therefore, in fact,
been referred to the committee and reported on,
and he hoped it would be put upon its passage at
once.
The bill was then read twice, and by unani-
mous consent, ordered to be engrossed fora third
reading, and passed.
MAILS UPON RAILROADS.
An act further to regulate the transmission of
the United States mail upon railroads, was read
the third lime and passed.
* PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the special order, which was the bill to provide
for the reduction and graduation of the price of
the public lands.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Clay, of Alabama, to the amendment which the
Committee on Public Lands reported under in-
structions, to allow persons already settled on,
and cultivating farms, to purchase contiguous
tracts at the reduced price.
After a debate, in which Messrs. MERRICK,
PULTON, and WALKER took part,
Mr. NILES moved to modify the amendment
so as to restrict the rightof entry to persons who j
"own,  reside  upon, and cultivate" adjoining'
lands, instead of " who own" adjoining lands.
This modification being agreed to,
The question was taken, and the amendment
to the amendment was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-rs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay of Ala-
bama, Foster, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, LurnpKm,
Lyon, McKean, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Fierce,
Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana,Tipton,
Walker, William* of Mississippi, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky. Crittenden, Davis, Knight, Mernclt, Morris, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Roane, Bobbins, Boggles, Southard,
Strange, Swift, Wall, Williams of Maine, and Wright-22.
Mr. BUCHANAN, after a few remarks, offered
an amendment to limit the operations of the bill
more strictly to actual settlers, by providing that
patents shall not be issued for entries made under
it until two years thereafter, when proof shall be
made of the actual settlement, under such reguvkt-
i tions as the Secretary of the Treasury slmü pre-
scribe; in default of which the entry shall be void,
and the land revert to the United States.
This amendment was agreed to—ayes 21, noes
not counted.
Mr. BUCHANAN then offered a second
amendment, to limit the quantity to be entered
under the provisions of this bill, by "each actual
settler, to three hundred and twenty acres; which
amendment was also agreed to.
Mr. B. offered another amendment, to limit the
operations under this bill for live years afterits
passage and no longer, except for the purpose of
granting patents to those who have made their
entries, but have not had an opportunity of mak-
ing their proof.
This amendment was also agreed to—ayes 25,
noes not counted.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, then offered two
amendments in lieu of the whole bill; the first of
which authorizes the purchase, by actual settlers,
of such of the public lands as have been in the
market for fifteen years, at the following rates
and in the following quantities, namely: eighty
acres at fifty cents per acre; one hundred and
sixty acres at seventy-five cents per acre; and
three hundred and twenty acres at one dollar per
acre. And the second amendment introduces the
bill formerly brought in by Mr. C. and passed in
1832, and vetoed by President Jackson, to divide
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands among
the States.
Mr. BENTON said that he wished to mark
this as the first step towards the reestablishment
of the old tariff, and he wished to draw the at-
tention of Senators to it. This distribution was
intended to commence in 1840, when the revenue
would be reduced to its lowest point; and the
amount thus distributed will have to be raised by
reviving the old tariff.
The amendment was then ordered to be print-
ed, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 9, 1839.
Mr. EVANS asked that certain communica-
tions on the Speaker's table be presented to the
House; to which objection was made.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports; whereupon,
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Sibrook; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Also, a bill for the relief of Matthew Wiley;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting a pension to
Prances Jones, the widow of John Jones, of the
State of Virginia; which was committed.
Mr. SIBLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to ¡Susannah
Hoagland; which was committed.
Mr. CHILDS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William A. Cudder-
back; which was committed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the petition of Allen
Wardwell; which was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FRY, from the same committee, reported
bills of the following titles; which were severally
read and committed:
A bill granting a pension to Helen Miller;
A bill granting a pension to William Andrews;
A bill granting a pension to Houston Cornell;
and
A bill granting a pension to Stephen Olney.
On motion of Mr. PRY, the Committee on
Revolutionary pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of David
Corson, Mary Page, Frederick Wilheid, and Mar*
tha Green; the latter of which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.                  ' '
Mr. STANLY, from the Committee1 on Invalid
