1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
tm
m SENATE.
Monday, January 14, 1839.
Mr. Cutiibert, of Georgia, Mr. Webster, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Spence, of Maryland,
appeared in their places in the Senate this morn-
ing.
The PRESIDENT presented a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
astatementof the Register of the Treasury, show-
ing the payments made during the year 1838, not
otherwise provided for; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
"War, transmitting a statement of the names and
compensation of the clerks employed in that De-
partment during the year 1838; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report from the Chief Engi-
neer respecting works ofimprovementin harbors;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting the names and compensa-
tion of the clerks employed m that Department
during the year 1838; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Commissioner
of the Patent Office; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
RESOLUTIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BROWN said he rose to present to the
Senate certain resolutions which had been adopted
by the General Assembly of the State of North
Carolina, at their late session, expressive of their
views and opinions in regard to some of the im-
portant measures and questions of public policy
which have been, and now are, pending before
the country. However uncourteous some of the
language was in reference to a late act of this
body, which it had performed in the exercise of
its high constitutional powers, and profoundly as
he regretted that expressions derogating from the
respect due this body were cnbraced m the res-
olutions, yet he could not hesitate, in obedience
to a proper sense of respect to the Legislature of
his State, to offer them, in compliance with the
request contained in one of the resolutions.
''%i was alike due to himself, to his constituents,
arr'ff to the importance of the occasion itself, to
state very explicitly the view he took of the res-
olutions, and the course which high considera-
tions of public duty required that he should pur-
sue in regard to them. He felt the deep respons-
ibility under which he acted, and had given to the
subject that anxious deliberation which its public
importance, and the great questions of public in-
terest involved in it, demanded.
In regard to most of the resolutions, it would
readily be perceived that the opinions expressed
in them directly conflict with the course which he
had heretofore pursued on the measures of public
policy to which they refer, and that a principle is
asserted in one of them, in regard to a question
of constitutional power, entirely at variance with
his vote on the resolution ordering the expunetion
of the condemnatory resolution passed against
President Jackson, for removing the public de-
posits from the late Bank of the United States.
In relation to extravagant expenditure and Exec-
utive patronage, referred to by two others of the
resolutions, his votes would mostabundantly prove
that his whole course had been, since honored
with a seat in that body, to diminish both as far
as it was practicable for him to do so.
Having very briefly adverted to the political
character of the resolutions, the next inquiry
which presents itself for consideration is, whether
they are to be viewed by my honorable colleague
and myself as instructions, or as the mere ex-
pressions of theopinions of the Legislature, leav-
ing to us a discretionary power in exercising our
judgments on the subjects to which they relate.
That they are not to be considered as instructions
the proofs, to his mind, were clear and irresisti-
ble. They do not, on their face, profess to in-
struct, but, on the contrary, that word, or any
other of mandatory import, is omitted with the
most guarded caution; omitted, no doubt, not by
accident, but by design. What could have been
■ the intention for omitting it? The motive clearly
was not to commit the party passing these reso-
lutions' to the doctrine of instructions. When-
ever (said Mr. B.) the General Assembly of
North Carolina has thought proper, on former
occasions, to resort to the great republican prin-
ciple of instruction, it has spoken out in bold,
frank, and unequivocal language. It has, by
directly instructing the Senators representing the
State, taken the responsibility on itself of the vote
which it commanded them to give. A positive
command, by instructions, from the Legislature
of a State to its Senators to give a particular vote,
places the vote under the control of the Legisla-
ture, and is, in effect, the vote of the power com-
manding it; thereby taking from the Senator all
discretion, and consequently relieving him of all
responsibility to the people of the State. The
Legislature, therefore, does not take on itself the
responsibility of the Senator's vote unless it in -
structs him. On the contrary, if it declines to in-
struct him, it declines taking the responsibility
of his vote, and therefore has no right to expect
him to express their opinions when they refuse
to take on themselves the consequences of his
vote to the people of the State. The Legislature
of North Carolina has long since established the
principle that they had the right to instruct; and
so essential has the employment of that word
been considered to the efficacy of resolutions of
instruction, that the Republicans of that State
have invariably employed it on all great occa-
sions when they intended to command the votes
of their Senators.
Mr. B. said, in referring to the Journals of the
Senate, he perceived that the late venerable Mr.
Macon, then a member of this body, had pre-
sented resolutions, passed by the Legislature of
North Carolina, at their session in 1816', instruct-
ing their Senators to endeavor to procure certain
amendments to the Constitution in relation to the
mode of electing President and Vice Presidentof
the United States. The Legislature which adopted
them resolved, in one of the resolutions, " that
our Senators m the Congress of the United States
be instructed, and our Representatives be re-
quested, to endeavor to obtain the said amendment
to the Constitution of the United States." At
the succeeding session of the Legislature of North
Carolina the same resolutions were again adopted,
and again asserted, in the same language, the right
of instruction. That the General Assembly then
considered mandatory language as essential to
instructions is most strikingly obvious, from the
marked distinction between the terms employed
by them in the resolutions to the Senators and
the Representatives' irt Congress. The former
are expressly " instructed," the latter are merely
" requested," to perform their will. It if!, there-
fore, perfectly clear, from the use of the latter
term to the Representatives in Congress, over
whose votes the Legislature never professed to
have any control, that a mere expression of opin-
ion, unaccompanied by instructions never was
viewed by them as obligatory on those to whom
they were addressed. This great right had been
repeatedly since asserted, and exercised in the
same language of command, to their Senators by
successive Legislatures of North Carolina, from
the period just referred to down to its session of
1834, when they reasserted and exercised, in pos-
sitive and unequivocal language, the right of in-
struction on the question of expunging from the
Journals of the Senate of the United States the
resolutions condemnatory of President Jackson.
The long continued practice, therefore, of the
Legislature of that State in regard to instructions,
shows very conclusively that whenever they have
intended to take all discretion from their Senators
in regard to any particular vote, they have ex-
pressly, and in plain language, instructed.
Mr. B. said he held, when resolutions directly
instructing had passed a legislative body, that it
was not competent to go beyond the instructions
themselves to ascertain the meaning of the Legis-
lature; but when instructions were not given, on
the face of the resolutions, that it was competent
to look beyond them to arrive at the intentions of
those passing them. Ho adverted to an amend-
ment offered in both branches of the Legislature,
when the resolutions were before them, propos-
ing to insert the word " instruct," emi which was ■
rejected by the unanimous vote of the friends of
the resolutions, in both instances. This act, in
his opinion, was decisive of the question, and
proved that those who passed them did not intend
to commit themselves, by their acts, to the doe-
trine of instruction.
The resolutions did not merely omit to instruct,
but they contained, on their face, expressions
which constituted a direct attack on that great
fundamental principle of the republican creed.
They declare that act of the Senate of the United
States, expunging from its Journals the condem-
natory resolution against President Jackson, to
have been " an act of party senility, calculated to
degrade the Senate."
Mr. B. said, so far as his own vote had háá
any agency in carrying into effect that just sen-
tence, vindicatory of the Constitution and the
liberties of the people, both of which had been
wantonly assailed in the unauthorized and unjust
sentence against the Chief Magistrate of the na-
tion, that he had acted under resolutions passed
by the Legislature of his State commanding it to
be done. He believed a majority of the State
Legislatures of the Union had also passed similar
instructions to their Senators. If, therefore, the
doctrine of instruction be correct, what power is
there that can rightfully arraign the motives of
those who have only acted in obedience to it, and
carried out the will of those under whose com-
mands they have performed the act required to
be done? To impeach, therefore, the motives of
those, thus acting under instructions, is ft direct
attack on the principle of instruction, ami, in
effect, a denial of the right to instruct.
But in order to have all doubt removed as to
the intention of those who passed them, his lion-'
orable colleague and himself had addressed á re-
spectful communication to the Legislature of their
State, asking to be informed if the resolutions were
to be taken as instructions. We had publicly de-
clared that we would obey or resign, if instructed.
We considered that to have done either, antfer
resolutions not containing instructions, Was not
required by our pledge, and would have been a
manifest dereliction of public duty, under all the
circumstances. AVe desired, then, proper ground
to stand on. If we resigned, we wished to do so
under the great principle of instruction, and not
under resolutions in which it was not recognized.
The Legislature, thus candidly and respectfully
appealed to, have refused in terms not very cour-
teous, to give any further information as to the
question of instruction.
When the issue was thus fairly presented, we
had a right to expect, on every principle of can-
dor, an emphatic expression of opinión, one way"
or the other, in regard to the intentions of the
Legislature on the question of .instruction. If
they had asserted their intention to instruct, I
was prepared,as is known to many of my friends,
instantly to have surrendered to them the public
trust which I hold. They, however,again decline
to assert the principle of instruction, in tffe reso-
lution passed by them, and thus nfford clear and
unquestionable proof that they do not intend to
commit themselves to the doctrine. Which of the
parties had acted in good faith—those addressing
the communication, and soliciting an expression
of opinion on a plain question to which an answer-
was easy, and which they deemed important to'
the public liberty, as well as to the regulation of
their own conduct, or those who had declined to
answer it? He would appeal to the honest and
intelligent judgment of his constituents to decide.
When, therefore, he took into view the circum-
stances which formed a part of the history of the
resolutions—the guarded caution with which the
party passing them avoided committing them-
selves on the record to the right of instruction,
and the open and avowed hostility of some of
those voting for the resolutions to the doctrine of
instruction, the direct attack on that great prin-
ciple itself, on the face of the resolutions, and the
refusal of the Legislature, on a candid appeal
made to them, to asseit the right—the most irre-
sistible proof is afforded, by positive acts, that
they (the Legislature) did not intend to recog-
nize the light of instruction; and if not, on what
principle of honor, or by what right, either moral
or political, can it be expected that they will be
considered and acted on by others as instruc-
tions ?
The resolutions profess to speak the will of the
people. If they were instructions, he admitted
that they would be obligatory in the fullest sense
of the term; but they were not, and did trot pro-
fess to be, and therefore the question, aa respects
