1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sixty-one members having answered to their
names.
Mr TAYLOR then assigned his reasons at
length why he wished to be excused from serving
on the committee. The mam one was that all the
gentlemen of the anti-Administration party were
distinguished lawyers, while Mr. T. was not a
member of that profession.
Mr GRAY sustained the motion, and insisted
that it was but fair and pioper that three distin-
guished lawyers on the other side should also be
selected. He submitted this position to the jus-
tice of the gentleman from Virginia himself, [Mr.
Wise,] and the Opposition p-enerally
Mr SIBLEY inquired of his colleague, who
was himself one of the most distinguished lawyers
of his State, whethei, if elected, he would consent
to serve on the committee >
Mr. GRAY replied that there were twenty, at
least, of the Administration party, eithei of whom
would be acceptable, but he did not choose to
respond to the mteirogatory until the exigency
should, if it ever did, anse
Mr WISE said he was willing to take the
most efficient men of the party, whom he believed
to be independent and conscientious gentlemen,
but he would not select men to play the part of
special pleaders and pettifoggers on that commit-
tee. Mr. W. was willing to take the gentleman
himself
Mr GRAY did not desire it     He again ap-
Eealed to Mr. Wise that, for his own sake, he
aving condemned the Secietaiy of the freasuiy
in advance, to prevent improper imputations, he
should consent to place thiee strong men on the
Administiation side Mr G. denied any dispo-
sition, on the pait of those with whom lie acted
to protract this discussion, foi it only twelve
Whigs had voted foi the thite voted for by the
fi lends of the Administration, the committee might
have been at woik two days ago, while it was
known that many of the latter had voted for the
Whigs
Mi PRENTISS, of Mississippi, quoted the
article in the Globe to show that these excuses
were but cairymg out a cone ited scheme to de-
feat the committee altogether, or have it composed
of all Whigs
Mr P. contended that Mr.TinoR, asa mem-
ber of the medical piofession, was bettei qualified
to seive on the committee than a lawyer, because
they were to examine into the diseases of the body-
pohtic, and apply the knife to us con options He
should not idimt the gentleman'b excuse
Mr. THOMPSON said no bettei selection of
Opposition men could h ive been made than they
had done, and having also a majmity, i was but
commo'i justice that the Administiation paity
should have then own favonte men They should
have men accustomed to the examination of wit-
nesses, accustomed to take pait m the debates in
that House, men m whom the Administiation
paiiy themselvi s had confidence This was noth-
ing moie than what was right and fair
Mr BOULDlNsaid he wished, as he had voted
and should vote, apparently rather unielentingly,
in refusing to excuse his friendb tiom sitting on
this committee, to give his. leasons for u He
said that it had been uiged, veiy contrauly to hib
opinions and feelings, that to choose the commit-
tee by ballot was the best way Mi.B thought
it vv as the woi st lie vv ished it t^ be decided by
the counuy, which was the best He wished,
without compliment or dispaiagement to eithei
the Speakei or to the House, or to the committee,
or to any membei of it, to have it seen by the
countiy, by the fíame of this committee, (looking
only to the putting of it togethei,) whethei it is
bettti to have somebody responsiole or nobody
The woild would have undeistood the committee,
and the fíame of it, in eveiy íespect, and would
have compaied it with committees foimed by the
Speakeis of this and other b idles when the
Speaker had the appointment He wished, piin-
cipally, to say to Ins fi lends that, although he
might seem unkind in íefusing u> excuse them
fiom sitting on this committee, yet they would
find him exceedingly soft in excusing them foi
not sitting, should they think propel not to at-
tend
The debate was further continued by Mr.
MOORE foi excusing, and Mr. GARLAND, of
Louisiana, against it, when
Mr PETRÍKIN obtaining the floor, demanded
the previous question; which -was seconded, and
the main question ordered, nem diss.
Mr. GRENNELL called for the yeas and nays,
which, being ordered, were 102 to 102—a tie; the
Speaker voting in the affirmative, the question was
carried.
So the request of Mr Taylor to be excused
was granted, and he was excused accordingly.
Mr. WAGENER then preferred a request to
the House to excuse him from serving, stating
his reasons therefoi. He regretted exceedingly
that he had been placed in a position that re-
quired him to ask this House to excuse him from
the performance of the duties appertaining to the
situation conferred upon him; at the same time
he assured the House that this determination had
not arisen from any desire in him to embarrass
it. From the encumstances under which he had
been elected, he was satisfied that he could have
taken no other course than that he had adopted
for himself. It would be recollected that after
the three honorable gentlemen weie excused yes
terday, a ballot was taken, and at which ballot
he was not a candidate Three gentlemen of
high legal attainments were generally supported
by the fi lends of the Administiation, and thiee
otheis, fnends of the Administration, and him-
self not of the number, were suppoited by those
opposed to the Administiation On the second
ballot, to his sui prise, a new ticket was concocted
by the Opposition, upon which his name was
placed, and he was elected. Had he been aware
of this anangement befoie the ballot had pio-
ceeded, he should most assuiedly have promptly
and publicly declined. He asked why this change
on the part of the Opposition > Why not adhere
to their first ballot? Or why not, when they
knew from the first ballot the inclination of the
Administration party as to whom they desired,
allow them to elect those individuals, or at least
a majority of them ' Was it magnanimous to
lefuse us tins much' Was it exactly fan to
elect others of the same paity > If the Opposition
cannot support those men whom the Adminis-
tiation paity desue,/ei tkem then elect those ofthetr
own party. This would seem to him to have been
the course that they should have pursued He
did not wish to be undeistood as dictating any
particular couise to those gentlemen, fur'her than
stating what he should have supposed would
have been then pioper course And again, after
they have put upon that committee, as now or-
gani7ed, foui Whigs and two Conservatives, and
all of them lawyeis, too, and still refuse to give
the Administration party their choice—under
these circumstances, he could not do less than
ask to be excused He would ask of them but
to extend the same courtesy to him as to others,
if the House should not, he presumed he must,
however íeluctantly, submit to its mandates. Be-
fore he concluded, he would say one word more
He did not wish to be undeistood as fearing a
siitci and thorough and searching investigation.
No, he was one of those who, evei since chaiges
had been alleged against the Secretary of the
iieasuty, had been anxious to meet them, and
he tiusted and felt they would be met in such
manner as would exoneiate the Secretary of the
Tteasutvfiom any censure, misconduct, oi ne-
glect fiom his partial knowledge of that gen-
tleman, he could not believe that he was corrupt
He never, however, would shrink from any re-
sponsibility imposed upon him by this House, if
done in what he considered an unexceptionable
mannei, nor should he faulter at any time in the
perform mce of his duty, having a single eye to
Ins countiy's good, and to protect the innocent
and expose the guilty
Mi WISE opposed the íequebt, and was foi
lowed on ihe same side by Messrs. JENIFER and
STANLY, who were rephed to by Mr BYNUM
in a caustic speech of some length, which will be
given hereaftei
Mr JOHNSON, of Maryland, having obtained
the floor, addiessed the House in opposition to
excusing Mr W vgl\er, and concluded by mov-,
ing the previous question
Mi. BYNUM earnestly requeued Mr. Johv-¡
son to withdiaw the motion to enable him to íe-
ply to some remaiks wMch fed fiom Mr. Stan-
ly, but he refused
Mr. PARKER moved a call of the House, but
the motion was negatived.
The pievious question was now seconded by
the House, put, and carried, and the main ques-
tion being on excusing Mr. Wagener from serv-
ing on the committee,
Mr. WISE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 102, nays 105.
So the House refused to excuse Mr. Wageneb..
Mr. MARTIN said he was not compelled to
ask of the House to be excusedfrom serving Opon
this committee, for he could avail himself of the
rules of the House to do so. He had abundant
reasons why he could not serve; but would con-
tent himself with stating that he was already a
member of two commtttees of this House, the
duties upon which occupied a considerable por-
tion of his time, and that the great quantity of
business confided to his chaige by his constitu-
ents would preclude the possibility of his leaving
the city to attend to the duties of this investigat-
ing committee without wholly neglecting that,
lie felt it peculiarly his duty, as this is the last
session he should be a member of this House, to
attend strictly to the duties which his constituents
had assigned him Theie was nothing which had
been dictated upon this floor, or charged in the
public prints, that could deter him from assuming
the responsibilities that will be attendant upon a
member of this committee, or that could cause him
to shrink from any othei lesponsibihty that might
be assigned him, if he thought it his duty to do
so. He did not fear denunciation from any quar-
ter, and, if a sense of justice to his constituents
did not require him to devote all the time that is
left of this session to their business, he would not
lay himself liable to the charge of shrinking from
any duty, however unpleasant it might be to his
feelings. He was entitled by the rules to be ex-
cused, and would put it upon that ground, and
excuse himself.
The SPEAKER then stated that there were
two vacancies to be filled m the committee.
A motion was made that the House do now
proceed to ballot for the vacancies on the commit-
tee, which was agreed to.
Mr. GRAY wished to offer a single suggestion;
but he was called to Older, the House having re-
solved now to go into the ballot
Mr HUNTER, of Ohio, said he had voted in
the affiimative on the question of excusing Mr.
Wagener, and moved a reconsideration of the
vote
The SPEAKER said it was not yet morder to
act on that motion.
The House theieupon proceeded to ballot for
two members, to fill the lemaimng vacancies in
the committee.
Mr. GARLAND reported the result; which
was, that the total number of votes cast had been
201, necessary to a choice 101; of which—
IDS
.101
..90
..84
Mr Owens received     .          ......
Mr Foster   .......................
Mr iliiner.......................
Mr Tliomis       ..................
and many other gentlemen smaller numbers.
He also stated that on one ballot there had been
three names As the tellers had no means of as-
certaining which two of the three to count, they
had considered the ballot as blank
The SPEAKER quoted the rule in relation to
blank ballots, and pronounced their decision to be,
in the opinion of the Chan, correct.
No objection was made to it in the House
The SPEAKER thereupon declared Mr. Fos-
ter of New Yoik, and Mr. Owens of Georgia,
to be duly elected.
Mr. HUNTER now renewed his motion to re-
consider the vote by which Mr. Wagener was
not excused from seivmg
Mr WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved the
previous question
Mr EVANS moved to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider the vote, which motion took
oiecedence by the rule
'  Mr  DROMGOOLE moved to adjourn.   Neg-
atived.
Mi WILLIAMSmquiredwhether, should the
motion to lay on the table prevail, Mr. Wacener
would remain a membei of the committee ?
The SPEAKER decided that he would; but
that the House might take up the question to
reconsider at any time hereafter
The SPEAKER having put the question,
M. DUNCAN moved a call of the House, and
asked for the yeas and nays; but the House re-
fused them
