136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
license two iron steamboats building in Europe;
which was referred to the Committee on Com- |
inerce.                                                                      .    I
Mr. WRIGHT presented some documents m i
support of the claim of Captain Charles C. Tup- !
per, of the United States marine corps; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Maine, presented the
petition of David Bump, asking for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. DAVIS presented the credentials of Hon.
Daniel Webster, elected by the Legislature of
Massachusetts a Senator from that State, to serve
for six years from the 4th of March next; which
were read.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Colonel John H. Stone,
deceased; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which had been referred
the petition of the heirs of John Treville, de-
ceased, reported a bill for their relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
unfavorable to the petition of William Smith, was
considered and concurred in.
BILLS   INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, in pursuance of notice giveu, ob-
tained leave, and introduced a bill for the relief
of William H. Robertson, Samuel H. Garrow,
and A. W. Symington; which was read twice,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice given,
asked leave to introduce a bill to abolish the duty
on salt, and to repeal the fishing bounties and al-
lowances dependant upon the same.
Mr. B. addressed the Senate at length in ex-
planation and support of the bill; after which, at
the request of Mr. Davis, it was laid on the table
till to-morrow.
TREATY WITH MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said he roso to ask
leave to introduce a bill to regulate the price of
lands acquired by the treaty with the Miami In-
dians of the (>th of November, 183c!, which was
ratified on yesterday. The bill fixed the mini-
mum price of these lands at $'2 all per acre.
Mr. S. said his position in relation to this bill
might require a single word of explanation, not
so far as the Senate was concerned, as the whole
matter was fresh in the recollection of Senators.
But the State might desire to know why it was
that he had purposed to fix the minimum of these
lands at a higher price than the usual price of the
public lands. He wished merely to satisfy that
inquiry, by saying that these lands were pur-
chased of the Miami Indians, by the treaty that
was ratified on yesterday, at a price that would
require, to remunerate the Government, the price
fixed by the bill. The lands lie on the public
works of the State, and the high price given was
fully justified by the value of the lands. The
price Being the great objection to the purchase,
in the minds of many Senators, he felt disposed,
upon a consultation with his colleague, to remove
that objection by introducing a bill that would
remunerate the Government for the purchase.
He had promised the Senate to do so, and he now
rose to comply with that promise.
The bill was then read twice, by general con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
SURVEY OP THE LAKES.
Mr. NORVELL said, that at the last session
a joint resolution was reported by the Committee
on Commerce, and passed by the Senate without
a dissentient voice, authorizing the President of
the United States to cause a survey of the north-
western lakes to be made. He held in his hands
letters from the Secretary of War, and the chief
of the topographical bureau, recognizing the im-
portance of the contemplated survey; and they
had intimated in a different way, and under cir-
cumstances to which he could not, at this time,
specifically allude, the scientific gentlemen had
been sought for, and their abilities brought into
requisition, with a view to this very interesting
service, as well as with reference to other branches
of the public interest. It was a fact, that no Amer-
ican chart of the lakes existed; no thorough sur-
vey of those inland seas had ever been authorized
or made by this Government. We were indebted
to British charts for all the knowledge we pos-
sessed on the subject, except that derived from
personal observation. It was difficult to obtain
any of these British charts in thiscountry. With
a view to the naval operations which a war would
render necessary upon the lakes, as well as in re-
lation to their commerce and navigation, the sur-
vey so anxiously desired was all-important. Im-
pressed with the necessity of the measure, the
committee had again instructed him to report the
same resolution, without any alteration. As he
hoped and believed that no debate would arise
upon the resolution, he very respectfully moved
that the previous orders of the day be postponed
and that the joint resolution, authorizing the
President of the United States to cause certain
surveys to be made, be now taken up.
The resolution was agreed to, and the joint res-
olution considered, and ordered to a third read-
ing.
PROCEEDS OP PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate whether any, ami if any, how much,
would have been the deficit in thoTreas-ury, if an act enti-
tled "An act to appropiiatefor a limited tune the proceeds
of the sales of the pubiic lands of the United ¡states, and
fot planting land to certain .States," which passed hoth
Houses of 'Congress, had íeceived the approbation of the
President, and been acted upon up to the 1st day of Janu-
ary, IS39.
Mr. BENTON observed that his reason for
offering this resolution was apparent. A resolu-
tion had passed the Senate calling upon the Sec-
retary for information as to the amount that would
have been distributed to each of the States of this
Union under the distribution land bill, which was
vetoed by President Jackson, had that bill become
a law. An answer to that resolution had been
received, by which it appeared that the sum that
would have been distributed was $57,500,000.
Now, he wished also to ascertain what now would
be the deficit in the Treasury had that distribu-
tion taken place.
Mr. NORVELL rose to avail himself of the
opportunity presented by the motion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri to correct a mistake into
which the Commissioner of the General Land
Office had fallen, in the table which he had fur-
nished of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, which were proposed to be distributed
among the several States by the bill of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, f Mr. Clav,] which received
the veto of President Jackson in 1833. The Com-
missioner had stated that certain sums under the
twelve and a half per cent, proposed for the new
States in that bill, and certain specified sums
under the general distribution proposed in it,
would have fallen to the lot of Michigan and Ark-
ansas. If lie remembered rightly, not a cent would
have been received under that bill by either Mich-
igan or Arkansas. They were at that period Ter-
ritories of the United States. No participation
was allowed to them in that bill. It depended
upon the subsequent pleasure of Congress, upon
the passage of another law, whether Michigan or
Arkansas would each have received any portion
of the moneys which were to be distributed, if
that bill had become a law. He had felt it to be
his duty to make this statement for the informa-
tion of his constituents at home.
The resolution was then laid on the table till
to-morrow.
DR. J. C. WHITE.
The bill for the relief of Dr. John Campbell
White, of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland,
was read the third time and passed.
HEIRS OF T. GLASCOCK.
The bill from the House for the relief of the
heirs of Thomas Glascock, deceased, was read
twice and referred.
LANDS IN TENNESSEE.
The bill to amend the act toauthorizethe State
of Tennessee to issue grants and perfect titles to
the lands therein described, &c, was taken up as
the order of the day; and, after some remarks
from Mr. FOSTER, w"as ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading—yeas 34, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden, Cuthbert, I'oster,
Fulton, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Lyon, King, McKean, Mor-
ns, Mouton,Nicholas, Ni|ps,Norvell,J?ieice,Rives,lloane,
Eobbins, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith
of Indiana, Spence, Swift, 'i'allmadge, Tipton, White,
Williams of Mississippi, and Young—34.
NAYS — Messrs. Brown, Strange, and Williams of
Maine—3.
The following bills were severally read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading:
The bill for the relief of the sureties of William
B. Ferguson;
The bill supplementary to the act entitled "An
act to establish branch Mints of the United
States," approved March 3, 1835;
The bill for the relief of Peter Bargy; and
The bill for the relief of Henry Wilson.
After the consideration of executive business,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 24, 1839.
Petitions were, on leave, presented by Messrs.
PARMENTER, STONE, HENRY, BRON-
SON, WORD, RARIDEN, SERGEANT, PUT-
NAM, and TOUCEY.
[Mr. Pakmentek. presented the petition of Sarah
Popkin, for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also,
petition of Joseph D. Annable and others, for a
duty on foreign starch; which was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. Bronson presented the petition of Samuel
Cook and one hundred and ten others, citizens of
Jefferson county, New York, praying for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of Big
Sandy creek, Jefferson county, New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Daniel Read and thirty-three
others, citizens of Jefferson county, New York,
for an appropriation to improve the harbor at
Little Sodus Bay, on Lake Ontario, New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. Stone presented the petition of Jesse Ep-
person, a citizen of Bradley county, Tennessee,
praying compensation for a horse stolen from
him by the Cherokee Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. Henry presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the establishment of a national armory for
the manufacturing of small-arms, at the falls of
Beaver river, in said county; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.]
Mr. MITCHELL moved a suspension of the
rule, lb call for petitions generally, but subse-
quently withdrew it.
Petitions were, on leave, further presented by
Messrs. C. H. WILLIAMS and PETRIKIN.
[Mr. Petrikin presented the petition of Anna
Maria Domback, widow of a revolutionary sol-
dier, for a pension. Also, the petition of Colonel
John H. Schenck, a revolutionary soldier, for
increase of pension. Also, additional documents
to substantiate the claim of Jacob Boston for a
pension; which were referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.]
Mr. HAYNES presented certain joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Georgia, in relation to
the establishment of sundry post routes.
Mr. CHAPMAN presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking that the lands
within that State, lately acquired from the Cher-
okees, may be surveyed at an early period; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of certain citizens of Bentoa
county, Alabama, who lost their improvements
by the location of Indian reservations, asking that
they be allowed to enter other lands in lieu there-
of; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, to which the bill on that subject
I has been committed.   Also, the petition of many
¡citizens of Benton and Cherokee counties, Ala-
| bama, praying that the Territory lately acquired
;'| from the Cherokee Indians may be attached to
¡ the Coosa ¡and district,the register of thatdistrict
to act for the whole district when united, and she
land office from Mardisville, removed to Ladigai
