1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the XJnúei States;
I herewith transmit a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury upon the subject of commissions claimed by
agents or officers emploved by the General Government.
The propriety of new legislation, regulating the whole mat-
ter by express laws, seems very apparent, and is urgently
recommended to the early attention of Congress.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, January 30,1839.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, inclosing estimates of the appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year 1839;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 1, 1839.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a re-
port from the Treasuiy Department, prepared in
obedience to the acts for establishing the Treas-
ury, War, and Navy Departments, on the sub-
ject of the contracts authorized by the Treasuiy
Department, with the expenditures under them,
during the year 1838; which was laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also communicated
a similar repoi t from the Navy Department; which
was disposed of in ¡ike manner.
T,he VICE PRESIDENT also presented a
communication from the Tieasuiy Department,
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate
of the 30th instant, showing what would have
been the deficiency in theTreasuiy, if the bill to
distribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, which was vetoed by Piesident Jackson,
had become a law, which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed
A message was íeceived from the President of
the United States, tiansmitting a repoit from the
Secietaiy of theTieasury on the subject of com-
missions claimed by officers and agents of the
Government, and íecommending the piopnety
of additional legislation, to regulate the whole
matter by expiess laws; which was laid on the
table.
PETITION, ETC.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of the
officers of the United States revenue cutter Rush,
E raying that officers of the revenue service may
e placed on the same footing as to pensions as
the officers of the Navy, which was refeired to
the Committee on Naval Allans.
Mr LINN presented the memoiial of sundry
citizens of St. Louis, asking for an appropriation
for the support of their harbor, which was laid
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LINN, fiom the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill for the relief of
Daniel Marsack, without amendment.
Mr. WALL, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which the petition of EzraThuiber
had been r%feried, leported a bill for his ielief,
which was read, and oidered toa second reading
Mi. MOUTON, from the Committee on Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of the hens of Ma-
dame du Lusser, which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported two bills, without amendment,
that had been referred to that committee.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the letter
from the Comimsbioner of the General Land Of-
fice, on the subject of surveying the public lands
m Illinois, moved that the committee be dis-
charged therefrom, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Finance; which was agreed to
Mr. C, from the samecomrmttee, to which had
been referred the bills from the House for the re-
lief of Jonathan Boone and Robert Murray, re-
ported the same without amendment.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Joseph J.
Bowie.
Mr LINN gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Miguel Eslava
The resolution reported from the joint Library
Committee, relative to the printing of the Madi-
son papers, was considered and adopted.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Mr.
Crittendeh were taken up; and after some re-
marks from Messrs. BENTON, CRITTEN-
DEN, KNIGHT, and SMITH of Indiana, were
amended and adopted.
Mr. CALHOUN offered the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate whether the Gov
eminent of Great Britain has made compensation m the
cases of the brigs Enterprise, Encomium, and Comet, the
first of which was forced by stress of wtather into Port
Hamilton, Bermuda Islands and the other two wrecked on
the Keys of the Bahamas, and the slaves on board forcibly
seized and detained by the local authorities, and if no com
perdition has been made, the reasons why it ha  not been
made, with a copy of the correspondence between the two
Governments, which has taken place since the answer toa
íormer call on the same subject by the benate.
Several bills from the House were read twice,
and referred to appropriate committees.
The amendments of the House to the bill to
renew the patent of Thomas Blanchard, were
considered and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the following bills
were severally taken up and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and, after brief explanations
from Mr. S., were ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:
The bill supplementary to the acts "to provide
for the organization of the Department of Indian
Affairs," and "to regulate the tiade and mtei-
cotirse with Indian tribes," and
The bill to authorize the appointment of three
additional clerks ill the Indian bmeau
On motion of Mr HUBBARD, the bill for the
relief of John J Bulow was taken up, and, aftu
«some remarks fiom Messis HUBBARD, NOR-
VELL, CLAY of Alabama, and STRANGE,
was postponed to Monday next
On motion of Mr WILLI WIS, of Missis-
sippi, the bill to reoiganize the distnct courts of
the State of Mississippi, was taken up, and, after
being amended, on motion of Mi. W., was oi-
dered to be engrossed for a third leading.
On motion of Mr. KNIGHT, the Senate took
up the bill to allow a diawback on foreign hemp,
when manufactuied into cordage and expoited
Mi. BENTON opposed the bill on the ground
that the diawback system ought not to be ex-
tended on articles that had changed their foim by
being manufactured, and because the system was
pioductive of the gieatest abuses He objected,
also, to the bill on the ground that hemp wai
extensively manufactured in the country, and
carried from the West to the North and East,
and that the bill would, therefore, interfere with
our own staple.
Mr KNIGHT made some remarks in favor of
the bill
After some further obseivations fiom Messrs
BENTON, HUBBARD, CLAY of Kentucky,
CALHOUN, and WRIGHT, the bill was oi-
dcrcd to be engrossed foi a third reading
After a short executive session,
On motion of Mr NILES, the bill for the relief
ofJabez S White and Asa White was taken up,
and after some remaiks from Messrs NILES,
and SMITH of Indiana, the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading
Mr YOUNG moved to take up the bill to grant
the State of Indiana a cei tain quantity of land, to
j aid in the construction of certain railroads, for
' the purpose of making it the special order for
Wednesday next, which was agieed to.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the ship
Alleghany and cargo was taken up, and aftei
some remarks from Messi s HUBBARD, KING,
CLAY of Alabama, and BAYARD,
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed to Mon-
day next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frieiv, February 1, 1839.
As soon as the Journal was read,
Mr. CHAMBERS moved that the House take
up the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Natlor on Monday last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
furnish this House with copie  of the charges of Inhuman,
unofficerhke, ungentlemanly, and infamous conduct, pre-
ferred by Charles E Barton, a Passed Midshipman of the
United States Navy, against Captain Jesse D Elliott,
whilst in command of the Mediterranean squadron, together
with all communications in relation to said conduct of said
Captain Elliott, and to said charges, on tile m the Navy De-
partment, and to communicate the reasons, if any, why the
said Elliott has not been ordered to be tried upon said
charges
Mr. C. said this was an important matter, vi-
tally affecting the character of the Navy and the
nation, as well as the present Administration, and
he was not willing that such conduct as was here
alleged should pass unnoticed, and he wanted to
know why it was thus shielded.
Mr. INGHAM was one of those who objected
to the íesolution "yesterday, but he did so merely
on the giound of the language made use of in it.
If the mover would strike out the expressions
"inhuman, infamous," &c, Mr. I. would with-
draw his objection.
After some further conversation between the
above gentlemen and Messis. MALLORY, AD-
AMS, and NAYLOR, the resolution was taken
up.
Mr NAYLOR, at the suggestion of Mr ING-
HAM, struck out all the epithets between the
woids "charges " and " preferred," explaining
that the language was not Ins, but the woids of
the ouginal charge.
DOCUMENTARY HISTORÍ.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked leave to submita joint
resolution authoiiztng the fuither distribution of
the Documental y Histoiy of the Revolution
Objection being made, Mr. P. moved a suspen-
sion of the íuks, upon which motion
Mr CONNOR asked foi the yeas and nays;
but they wtie refused, and the íules were sus-
pended—104 to 29
The it solution having been read twice,
Mi   PETRIKIN moved its engrossment
Mr CAMBRELENG movtd to strike from it
all that related to the disposition of foithcommg
volumes The first volume was paid foi, and so
far a¡> the distribution of that volume went, he had
no objection, but there he would stop.
Mr. ADAMS remaiked that that would be
equivalent to a repeal of the law.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that thatwas Ins
object, and this was the only mode of reaching
it He would not do injustice to Clarke &
Force, but pay them for their contract, or have
the work continued under the direction of persons
to be appointed by Congress, and not permit the
publishers to select the documents to be lepnnted,
and to bt the sole judges of the extent to which
it should go The clause he proposed to strike
out involved an appropriation of upwiids of half
a million of dollars
Mi BIDDLE said he was not prepared to
pledge the faith of the House to the performance
of this work without a little further consideration,
and, thcretoie, he moved to lay the íesolution on
the table, but withdrew the motion at the request
of
Mr THOMAS, who moved to refer the sub-
ject to a sell ct committee.
This motion was debated for some time be-
twetn Messrs THOMAS, PETRIKIN, and
POPE, the last of whom supported Mr. Cambre-
uhg's motion, when
Mi WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, moved the
following instructions*    #
With instructions to inquire into the power of Congress
to rt-pe it the I iw under winch the work is authorized and
contracted to be published, and if in the opinion ot the
committee Congress has the power to repc il the law, to
rtpoi 11 bill for that purpose fir^t m living 11 lir compensa
tion to the undertakers of the woik lor their loss m the
Government not complung with its engagements and con
tí act, and if l ongre-s 1 is not the pouc r tort peal the law,
to direct tint the work shall be otherwise disposed of, in-
stead of giving the same to members of Congress
Mr LOOMIS moved to strike therefrom the
words- '• instead of giving the same to members
of Congress "
Mr PETRIKIN said he had no idea of occu-
pying llit whole day with tint, resolution, and,
theiefoie, he demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes S3,
noes, 34
On the question, "Shall the mam question be
now put'"
