1839.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   IJf
to actual settlers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee, on Public Lands.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorialof the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians, praying to be com-
pensated for certain losses; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of Jo-
seph Loranger, asking compensation for property
lost or destroyed during the war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ROANE presented the memorial of the
Common Council of the town of Alexandria,
District of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. ROANE also presented the petition of the
heirs of Thomas West, late of the revolutionary
army, praying for the commutation due the de-
ceased; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STRANGE presented certain resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of North Carolina, rep-
resenting the scarcity of specie change in that
State, and asking for the passage of a law author-
izing the branch mints to coin silver change.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, wished to make a
single observation on the subject, before it was
passed over. This complaint of the want of sil-
ver change was not confined to North Carolina,
but existed in other places, and was produced by
that disproportionate value between gold and sil-
ver coin which originated in the celebrated gold
bill. The effect of this bill was this: that when
it became necessary to export specie, silver was
exported in preference to gold, because the silver
was more valuable in foreign commies, and
hence, he apprehended, was the scarcity in North
Carolina. He had lately received a communica-
tion on this subject from one of our commercial
northern cities,'which attributed the scarcity of
silver change to this cause.
Mr. STRANGE said that when he offered the
resolutions of the Legislature of North Carolina,
he had not the slightest expectation that they
would have given rise to any debate; but as the
Senator from Kentucky had thought proper to
notice them, for the purpose of introducing no-
tions on the subject of the currency, he felt it
due to himself and his constituents, from whom
these resolutions emanated, to make a brief ro-
Í)ly. He wholly dissented from the position
aid down by the Senator from Kentucky, with
regard to the causes which produced a scarcity
of silver change. It was not exportation which
produced this scarcity, but it arose from the
hoarding of silver by the banks, who issued, in
lieu of it, their small notes. In fact, he did not
believe that silver coins of the lower denomina-
tions were ever exported.
Mi. CLAY, of Kentucky, hoped he might be
permitted, without offense, to make a few ob-
servations on the subject presented by these res-
olutions, particularly as it was one of importance,
to which his attention had been recently directed.
He happened to receive, but a very few days
ago, a communication from an intelligent gentle-
man, in one of our principal seaports, affirming
that the scarcity of silver change was one of the
effects of the passage of the gold bill; because,
by reducing the standard of the gold com, it be-
came less valuable as an article of expoitation
than silver, and, therefore, the latterwas always
exported. Now this was exactly what was pre-
dicted by himself and others, at the time of the
passage of the law, for the adjustment of the
value of the two coins; and the result has proved
the correctness of the prediction. Gold could
not be exported under that law, without disad-
vantage, unless exchange was greatly againstus;
but silver can profitably be exported, and when
exportation becomes necessary, it is of course
made in that species of coin in which it can be
sent abroad without loss. This was exactly in
accordance with the information which he had
just received from an intelligent source, in one
of our large commercial cities.
Mr. N1LES thought the Senator from •Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] was mistaken in the causes to
which he had attributed the scarcity of silver
change, and that he was mistaken in the fact that
a scarcity of change existed in the country at
large. He thought there was no such scarcity;
he knew, in many places,it was abundant. With-
in his own experience, banks had refused to re-
ceive it. This was a convincing proof that there
was abundance of it. It is known to every one
who has inquired into this subject, that silver
change is never exported, because its nominal
value in a foreign market would be lost, and it
could only be disposed of as bullion to be re-
coined, occasioning much loss by the process.
There may be a scarcity of change in some States,
but this is the result of their paper systems. The
hostility of paper to silver is well known; in-
deed, so hostile is it, that where it has the power
even silver fippennybits are driven out of circula-
tion. What was the result in Philadelphia, where
the Mint was located, during the late suspension ?
In that city, which, previous to the suspension,
was thoroughly saturated with silver change,
after the barrier was broken down, and the emis-
sion of shinplasters authorized, no change what-
ever could be procured. In a single night, the
state of things was completely changed. Instead
of an abundance of silver change, there was an
entire absence of it. And a similar result will
always follow a similar cause; and to the exten-
sion of our paper system, the circulation of one
dollar notes and notes for a fractional part of a
dollar may we much more appropriately look for
the scarcity of silver change than the operations
of the gold bill of 1836
Mr. STRANGE said that, upon reflection, he
was entirely satisfied that the Senator from Ken-
tucky was grossly mistaken in the positions laid
down by him. Every man knew that there had
been a great increase of specie in the country,
since the passage of the gold bill. Now this in-
crease could not be altogether in gold, but must
be partly in silver and partly in gold. He was
also satisfied that there could not be the difference
m value, between the gold and silver coinage,
which the Senator from Kentucky supposed, for
he believed that their relative value was as nicely
adjusted as it was possible for human ingenuity
to do it; indeed this was shown to be the case by
the prices current in foreign countries.
The Senator from Kentucky had attributed the
disappearance of silver specie to exportation, and
he attributed it to the hoarding of it by the banks,
and partly by individuals Change was a thing
that was never exported. The country must be
reduced to the lowest ebb before it would suffer
the inconvenience and loss of sending it abroad,
because it must go as mere bullion, to be recoined,
in the countries to which it is sent. Every man
of reason and reflection could see at once the true
cause for this scarcity; and upon the soundest
principles of philosphy, when one good cause
presented itself, it was idle to search for another,
lie would not have troubled the Senate with these
remarks, but for the immediate connection the
subject had with his constituents and himself, and
but for the false position laid down by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
That Senator seemed to have taken North Caro-
lina under his especial charge, and to have felt
himself called upon to take part in the public
struggles within her. When he and his col-
league, some time ago, introduced certain resolu-
tions coming from their State, the Senator took
the unusual course of appearing as the advocate
of one of the political parties of that State, and,
in a lengthened address, assigning his views as
to the complexion of the documentand the course
of the North Carolina Senators on this floor.
And what followed? Why, a garbled statement
of the debate was immediately sent out. in one
of the papers of this city, in advance of the true
statement containing the answers of his colleague
and himself; and no doubt the intended effect
was produced before the contradiction could over-
take the misrepresentation, which was published
in every Whig paper in the State. What was
the case now? These being North Carolina res-
olutions, the Senator from Kentucky, who seems
to take such an interest in that State, rises in his
place and assumes a position in relation to them
which, if uncontradicted, will have an unfavor-
able effect on the public mind. We must (said
Mr. S.) be more fortunate now than usual, li the
contradiction accompanies the assertion.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said he was un-
willing to prolong this discussion, but he would
assure the Senator from North Camlina that he
had not the ¡east inclination to interfere between
him and his constituents.   When the resolutions
from the Legislature "of North Carolina instruct-
ing her Senators were presented, he had offered
some remarks because they adverted to matters
of general interest; and if an incorrect report of
them had gone forth to the world, no one could
regret it more than he did. He would have been
pleased had the discussion been published just
as it occurred in the Senate, but he had no
agency or control of the subject. So much for
that matter. This morning the Senator presents
resolutions on the subject of silver change, and
I, having within a few days received commu-
nications from different sections of the country
on the same subject, think proper to make a few-
remarks: was this interfering between the Sena-
tor and his constituents? He thought not. But
the Senator seems to think that I am mistaken in
the cause to which I attributed the scarcity of sil-
ver change, viz: the unequal valuation of the gold
bill. But did not facts bear out the assertion ?
Look at the importation of specie since the pas-
sage of the gold bill. Is it n ot almost exclusively
in gold? And why? Because of the appreciation
of that metal and the depreciation of silver by that
bill. This affords a greater profit on the import-
ation of gold, and hence there is not a propor-
tionate supply of silver—the metal which fur-
nishes change. So, too, when exchange with for-
eign nations is against us, and it becomes profit-
able to export specie, it is found more advantage-
ous to send silver than gold; and hence a cause
of the scarcity of change in Philadelphia, New
York, and other cities, which are more immedi-
ately subject to be drained of their specie by their
contiguity to our commerce. He did not consider
himself infallible on this subject, but in express-
ing his views or theories on the matter he did not
think he was doing anything improper in an
American citizen or a member of the Senate.
Mr. STRANGE was very unwilling to prolong
this debate, but he had been drawn into it very
unexpectedly and unwillingly. He had assumed
a position, which he felt bound to maintain the
truth and reason of. He said that the Senator
from Kentucky was guilty of a pttitlo principii—
that he had assumed a principle not founded on
fact. This the Senator had denied; but in the
course of his remarks, he had shown a better
reason for the disappearance of silver change than
he had given in the beginning; and if he was
right, there was no reason for its exportation, but
a very good reason for its importation.
The Senatorcould not escape from his position,
for whatever relative difference there was between
gold and silver, paper was still cheaper than either.
He admitted that the number of one dollar notes
was greatly reduced.    But small bills, even as
low as three dollars, were still in circulation to a
great extent, and these, as long as they were per-
mitted to circulate, had the tendency to exclude
Í  change from circulation, and cause it to be hoard-
I ed.    The Senator said that the banks had no in-
I terest in hoarding specie.    But this argument
I   could not stand, for it was their interest to hold
| on to all the specie they could get, so as to circu-
j late their own notes, and this was the true cause
; for the disappearance of change. It was, there-
;i fore, perfectly idle to search for any other cause,
I or to talk about the exportation of the smaller
! coin which never was resorted to. When the
' gold bill was passed it was not to elevate gold,
\ but to bring it to its trim value when compared
| with silver. It was contended that the gold coin
, was above par, and was, consequently, so valu-
! able for exportation that it could not remain in
| the country. The bill was, therefore, passed to
| remedy that evil, and he had no doubt but it had
i effected that object.
¡      Mr. LUMPKIN said he did not intend to enter
j! into a discussion of the relative value of goldand
¡I silver coins, but to express the opinion that the
il object of the Legislature of North Carolina, and
l| the object of the people of the southern Atlantic
'I and southwestern States was to obtain a supply
jj of silver change in place of the odious shinplas-
■ ters which now infested the interior. With proper
legislation, it was obvious that that object could
be effected greatly to the interest of the people,
without any expense to the Government.  It was
! known to all acquainted with mining operations,
I that where gold was found there was a propor-
j tion of sih-er found with it.   Now, under the ex-
II  isting laws, the branch mints were not allowed to
ll coin silver change, though they had had a suffi-
