1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
16S
Mr. H., from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of William Walls, and the petition of
Nicholas Buckner; which was agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked that it be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of George Mc-
Call, and that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorials of Andrew Bean,
widow of James B. Stafford, James Parker,
widow of Samuel Rogers, and Azariah Webb,
severally, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. P., from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of
Thomas McCiellan and James Smith, reported
the same without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation in favor of its passage.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Jesse E. Dow, reported the same with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill to provide
for the location and temporary support of the
Seminole Indians removed from Florida, reported
the same without amendment.
After some remarks from Mr. S. showing the
necessity of the prompt passage of the bill, it was
taken up for consideration, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the act for the
relief of Sarah II. B. Stith, and the act for the
relief of William Saunders and William R. Porter,
sureties of William Estis, reported the same
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that they do not pass.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
the bill for the relief of certain heirs and legal
representatives of James Wilson, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Thomas T. Triplett, reported the
same with an amendment.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the
memorial of John Fulford, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
fiary, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Polly Lining, executrix of Charles Lining,
deceased, who was executor of Edward Blake,
deceased, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. W., from the same committee, to which
«ras referred the hill for the relief of Daniel Ward
and George Fieklin, reported the same without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
Mr. W., from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of a number of mer-
chants of the city of New York, to make the Gov-
ernment liable for costs of suit to the same extent
as individuals, asked to be discharged from the
furtherconsideration thereof; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LINN, on leave, and in pursuance of notice
given, introduced a bill to authorize the Washing-
ton County Turnpike Company of Missouri, to
construct a road over the public lands; which was
read twice and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. STRANGE, on leave, and in pursuance
of notice given, introduced a bill to amend an act
entitled an act to prohibit the importation of slaves
into any port in the jurisdiction of the United
States; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of the Revolutionary and other pensioners of the
United States, was taken up, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Alvarez Fisk, and the
legal representatives of Thomas P. Eskridge; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John J. Bulow, were read a third time and
passed.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. BENTON the bill for the
armed occupation and settlement of Florida was
taken up and discussed by Messrs. BENTON,
PRESTON, and LINN.
After an   executive  session,  the  Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 5, 1839.
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
EVERETT, ADAMS, and the CHAIR, relative
to certain entries on the Journal of yesterday,
after which,
Mr. ADAMS moved to correct the entry rela-
tive to the petition presented yesterday, by Mr.
Moore, from citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, praying Congress to give no countenance or
support to the Abolitionists. The Journal set
forth that Mr. Moore made a brief statement of
the contents of the petition, and that then it was
laid on the table. Mr. A. moved to amend this
entry thus:
" Willie Mr. Moore was making a brief statement of the
contents of t-aid petition, he was called to order by thf
Speaker, who decided that he was not in order; and the
petition was sent to the Cierl;'stable, no order of the Hou-e
being taken thereon."
Mr. A. asked for the yeas and nays on his
motion; hut they were refused.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the gentle-
man so to modify his motion as to make it appear
that Mr. Moore was called to order for depart-
ing from the rules, whereas his amendment would
imply that the gentleman from New York had
been called to order for complying with the rules.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had called the gen-
tleman to order on the very ground that, instead
of making a brief statement, he was addressing
an argument to the House.
Mr. ADAMS would consent to any modifica-
tion, so that the main fact was preserved, viz:
that Mr. Moore was called to order while making
a brief statement.
Mr. TOUCEY moved to amend Mr. Adams's
motion by stating the fact that Mr. Moore was
called to order for entering into the discussion of
the merits of the petition, instead of confining
himself to a brief statement thereof.
Mr. CRAIG believed the present entry on the
Journal to representthe facts as correctly as they
could be; and in order to test the sense of the
House, he moved to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered; and the motion of
Mr. A. was laid on the table without a division.
STATE OF THE  FINANCES.
Mr. HAYNES made an ineffectual motion to
induce the House to go into committee again on
the President's annual message.
Mr. INGHAM then obtained the floor, and
called the attention of the House to the fact, that
about three weeks ago a number of bills relating
to the Navy were reported from the Committee
of the Whole, and now had their place on the
Speaker's table, where they were likely to remain;
for he despaired of reaching them in the regular
order of business, and he therefore moved that
they be now taken up; but the motion was dis-
agreed to.
The unfinished business of the morning was
then resumed, being the motion of Mr. Cambre-
leng to amend a statement appended to the re-
port of the Committee of Ways and Means on
the state of the finances.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Biddle to recommit the report, with instructions
to correct any other errors in the report.
Mr. BRIGGS concluded his remarks in reply
to Mr. Rhett, and in defense of former appro-
priations for works of internal improvement, a
protective tariff, &c.
Mr. MARVIN then moved to amend the in-
structions by adding further instructions to the
Committee of Ways and Means, to report the
usual bills, according to the estimates which have
been furnished in the President's message and
accompanying documents.
Mr. M. then entered into a review of the re-
port generally, condemning especially that part
of it which related to the improvement of har-
bors and rivers, and defended the scheme of
carrying on works of internal improvement by
the Federal Government. He avowed himself
ready to meet that question, both on the ground
of expediency and constitutionality, but his re-
marks were mainly directed in defense of the ap-
propriations for harbors and light-houses on the
northern lakes. Before he concluded, the orders
of the day were called for, to which the House
proceeded.
i              EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
I     The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
I  munication from the Secretary of War, inclosing
| reports  of the Secretary of  the Treasury and
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in answer to a
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
14th ultimo, giving a statement of the number of
; Indians annually removed from the eastern to the
western side of the Mississippi.
Also, a communication from the Secietary of
!; War, in obedience to an act of Congress of the
,| 9d March, 1833, inclosing abstracts of the general
¡J returns of the militia of the United States, and
II  of their arms, accouterments, and ammunition,
11 for the year 1838.
;| Also, a communication from the Postmaster
jl General, in compliance with a resolution of the
Blouse of the 28th ultimo, inclosing a statement
of the number of failures in the ordinary and ex-
press mails, distinguishing between i he said mail
to and from the city of New Orleans, within the
last six months, the causes of the said failures,
and the steps adopted by him to prevent the re-
currence of such failures.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, in reply to a resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives on the (jih July, 1838,
giving information as to what number of addi-
tional clerks was employed by that Department
to answer the various calls for information at that
session.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, in answer to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 28(h ultimo, giving in-
formation as to certain charges alleged to have
been preferred by Samuel Etheridge against Cap-
tain J. D. Elliott; which communications were
severally ordered to lie on the table, and be print-
ed; except the second, which was referred to the
Committee on the Militia.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
A large number of bills from the Senate, on
the Speaker's table, were then taken up, read
twice, and referred to their appropriate standing
committees.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army of the
United States, for the year 1839.
The question pending was on the motion of
Mr. Mason, of Virginia, to increase the clause
for national armories from $300,000 to $360,000.
Mr. CALHOUN, of Massachusetts, was en-,
titled to the floor, but he yielded it to
Mr. THOMPSON, who addressed the House
in a general attack upon the last and present Ad'
ministrations.
The amendment of Mr. Mason was then re-
jected—ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to amend the
bill by adding the following items;
For f-urveying and opening the western fiontier military
road, being the balance of an appropriation earned to the
surplus fund, $53,133 6".
For completing the barracks at Savannah, Genigia, being
the amount expended out of the gencial appropriation for
the quartet master's department, and to enable the ac-
counting officers of the Treasuiv to close the accounts,
f 18,088 83.
For completing the barracks at Fort Severn, Maryland,
being the amount expended oat of the geneial appropria-
tion of the quartermaster's department, and to enable the
accounting otficers of the Treasury to close the accounts,
$9,029 53.
After some inquiries of Mr. GARLAND, of
Louisiana, as to the necessity of the reappropria-
tion, and replies and explanations by Mr. CAM-
BRELENG, the amendments were rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved the fol-
lowing amendment; which was not agreed to:
For completing Fort Livingston, at Grande Terre, m the
State of Louisiana, §¡¡0,000.
