m®.    •■■••■ -i                    THE" G&lWra&K^A&'enL&BR                                 f§Í
entitled 'An-act to establish a criminal court in
the District of Columbia.'"
Sundry amendments proposed by the House
being agreed to, and thus amended, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
A bill to incorporate the Washington City Be-
nevolent Society.
A bill to incorporate the Navy Yard Beneficial
Society of the City of Washington.
A bill to incorporate the Washington Manuel
Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum Society
of the City of Washington.
Mr. JENIFER, at the suggestion (he said) of
a gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.PETRiKiN,]
submitted the following amendment; which was
agreed to: •
And that no power is hereby given, or is intended to be
given, to issue bank notes, or exorcise any banking privi-
leges whatever.
A joint resolution directing the manner in which
certain laws of the District of Columbia should be
executed.
A bill (Senate) making appropriations for the
support of the penitentiary in the District of Co-
lumbia.
A bill to provide a free bridge across the east-
ern branch of the Potomac river, i  the city of
Washington. [The bill appropriates $30,000 for
the construction of the work, besides purchasing
the stock of one of the existing toll bridges.]
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill, and gave his reasons
for the motion at length; in the course of which
he was several times called to order for arguing
the abolition question, and maintaining that the
seat of Government could not be long continued
in the District of Columbia with the existence of
the slave trade therein; assigning this as a reason
against making liberal appropriations for public
works here.
Messrs. RIVES, JENIFER, and C. H. WIL-
LIAMS raised the questions, but they were over-
ruled by
The CHAIRMAN, who decided that the mer-
its or demerits of the slave trade could not be
permitted; and thus far only Mr. Giddings's re-
marks were arrested.
Mr. GIDDINGS again proceeded in the same
course of discussion, in going over the question
of slavery, and said there were those here who
preferred the permanency of slavery to the per-
manency of the Union itself.
Mr. HOWARD again called him to order for
irrelevancy of debate.
The CHAIRMAN required Mr. H. to reduce
liis point to writing.
Mr. HOWARD insisted that, by the rule, he
was not required to do so unless the call to order
was for personality of debate.
The CHAIRMAN adhered to his construction
of the rule.
Mr. HOWARD took an appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. BOULDIN made an earnest appeal to the
committee to dispose of the question, and not
sacrifice all the interests of the District to a dis-
cussion of this kind.
Mr. GLASCOCK, with due deference to the
Chair, said the Chair would have best consulted
its own dignity, and the dignity of the House, by
arresting the gentleman from Ohio in pouring out
his gross calumnies and foul aspersions upon the
citizens of this District.
The decision of the Chair was sustained by
Messrs. ADAMS and McKENNAN, and op-
posed by Messrs. BELL and THOMAS. The
greatest confusion prevailed during this time, a
number of members rising and addressing the
Chair at the same time; but it was finally arrested
by the Chair going behind the point immediately
before the committee, and stating that he had no
hesitation in deciding Mr. Gibdíngs to be out of
order for irrelevancy of debate.
Mr. HOWARD thereupon withdrew his ap-
peal on the preliminary point.
Mr. SLADE then took an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, pronouncing the gentleman
from Ohio out of order; but, after some confusion,
the committeedivided by tellers, and the decision
was affirmed—ayes 103, noes 31.
Mr. ADAMS said.that, as this decision im-
posed anew principle, he wished to know in what
planner it would be reported to the House ?   •
The CHAIRMAN" replied thit no report at all
would be made of it.
Mr. REED" then moved that Mr. Gidbisgs
have leave to proceed in order; but it was refused
without a division.
The question was then taken by tellers, on
striking out the enacting clause, and resulted—
ayes 76, noes 56.
So the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
out; and so ordered to be reported.
A bill to provide for the erection of a new jail
in the city of Washington.
A joint resolution to fix the salary of the phy-
sician of the penitentiary in the District of Co-
lumbia, [permanently, at §600 a year.]
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out the enact-
ing clause; which was disagreed to, and the bill
laid aside.
A bill for the suppression of gaming in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. PETRIKIN complained of the extraor-
dinary power given in tiiis bill to constables to
lay an information and arrest upon mere suspi-
cion, and depicted with great earnestness the re-
sults of passing such a law.
Mr. JENIFER made a general explanation of
its provisions.
Mr. PETRIKIN again reiterated his objections
to the bill, and moved to strike out its enacting
clause.
Mr. BOULDIN said that, though a member of
the committee which reported the bill, it was no
particular favorite of his; but as the people of the
District had asked for it, he had thrown no ob-
stacle in the way.
Mr. NAYLOR said the bill contained only such
provisions as existed in similar bills in all well
regulated cities and municipal communities. It
was high time that gambling shops in this city
were put down, and he knew his colleague to be
as much opposed to them as any man living.
Mr. PETRIKIN was opposed to gambling,
but he was more opposed to tyranny, and he op-
posed this bill because it put an irresponsible
power in the hands of petty officers, who might
oppress the honest citizen.
He withdrew his first motion, and moved to
strike out the fifth, tenth, and twentieth sections
of the bill; but it was disagreed to, and the bill
was laid aside to be reported.
The bill to prohibit the giving or accepting,
within the District of Columbia, of a challenge
to fight a duel, and for the punishment thereof.
Mr. BOULDIN said, as this bill, though not
reported by him or from the committee of which
he had the honor to be chairman, was included
within the operation of the special order for Dis-
trict business, with his perfect assent, (a courtesy
demanded from him by the kindness of the gen-
t!emanfromMassachusetts[Mr. Adams] in yield-
ing the floor for District business last year,) it
might be inferred that he was in favor of its pas-
sage, and if he gave a silent vote against it he
might be misinterpreted. He wished, therefore,
to explain that he should neither vote for nor re-
sist it, because, by the common law, in force here
as well as elsewhere, a man who kills another in
a duel shall suffer an ignominious death, and that
was law enough for him, and not too much, for
it ought in all cases to bo inflicted where, accord-
ing to the principles of tlie common law, the
party is guilty of murder.
Mr. ADAMS, after a few remarks, expressed
himself in favor of the bill in the form which it
passed the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, moved
to insert the word " knowingly" in the provision
respecting the carrying a challenge; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JENIFER offered the following as an
amendment to the bill:
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enadei, That if any member of
the House of Representatives so far forgets himself as to
use offensive language in debate, which shall be decided to
be personal to any member by a vote of the House, tiie of-
fending member shall immediately make an apology to the
member so offended, and to the House.
Mr. J. -was understood to be opposed to the
bill, but if it should be passed, that there should
be some feature that would restrict gentlemen to
decorous language in debate. That there should
be some responsibility attached to those who
might be disposed to take advantage of the law,
and overstep the bound of courtesy and propriety
to which parliaméirtáry debates «heuld *be con 
fined.                                                     .
Mr. TOUCEY hoped the amendment wotihfriot
prevail, and that the gentleman would see the pro-
priety of withdrawing the same, as it was one tíf
a most extraordinary character. He considered
the rules of the House amply sufficient to protect
the members from personal abuse; if they were
not, that the House had the power, under -the
Constitution, to make the rules sufficiently bind-
ing to effect that object.
Mr. ADAMS considered the proposed amend-
ment one of an extraordinary and unconstitu-
tional character, inasmuch as it goes to abridge
the freedom of speech in the House by law. It
would be referring to the judiciary the power by
law to decide upon and judge of the rights and
privileges of this House. He believed that it had
the power, under the Constitution and its own
rules, to regulate the matter as far as proper or
necessary.
Mr. TILLINGHAST was understood to op-
pose the amendment, because it would be incor-
poratinginagenerallaw two principles. Itwould
be restricting the privileges of the members of
the House of Representatives, whilst it would not
operate upon the Senate. He conceived the rules
amply sufficient; if not, it was a subject properly
within the-province of either House to regulate by
such rules.
Mr. JENIFER had no objection that the amend-
ment should be made to operate also upon' the
Senate. His object was to discontinue disorderly
conduct here, which, he thought, might arise un-
der the law, if there be not proper restrictibn
upon the members.                                 '            ;-
Mr. TILLINGHAST would be happy to (See
the principles adopted in the rules for the govern-
ment of the House; but was opposed to incorpo-
rating the same in a general law. He suggested
to the gentleman whether it was not out of place
in this bill; and hoped the matter would be left to
the House, to be regulated by its rules; if not, it
would be better to include both Houses.
Mr. PRENTISS, of Mississippi, stated that
the effect of this amendment would be to make
blackguards of men who might never otherwise
be so. Moreover, forced explanations are de-
grading, while voluntary ones were honorable.
Mr. BOULDIN begged his friend again to re-
member that debate would block out the District
business.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. CRABB moved to strike out the words in
italics in the following paragraph:
" Or shall knowingly carry or deliver an acceptance of
such challenge or message, to fight n duel in or oat 'of tlM
said District."                                                    :,
Mr. C. insisted that the retention of "these
words would make the provision unconstitutional.
The amendment was rejected, and the bill or-
dered to be reported.
The committee then rose, and reported the
various bills and amendments to the House.
Those without amendment were ordered to a
third reading, and the amendments to the others
concurred in except the following:
The anti-dueling bill being taken up,
Mr. CRABB moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
report whether any provision in the first is un-
constitutional.
After some further discussion,
Mr. BOULDIN begged to remind gentlemen
that while they were talking about dueling, they
were murdering the business of the District.
Mr. CRABB withdrew his instructions; and
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, moved
others, in effect, to instruct the committee to re-
port a bill on the subject of dueling, conformable
to the laws of Virginia and Maryland, to operate
in those portions of the District heretofore within
those States.
Mr. H AYNES remarked that that was the ex-
isting law.
Mr. CRABB preferred his own, and renewed
them.
Mr. BOULDIN demanded the previous ques-
tion ; which was carried; and the question being
on the main question, namely, the ordering the
bill to a third reading,
Mr. STANLY moved to ¡ay it on the' table;
which was lost -without a division.-    ■ ' "
Mr. JACKSON, of Naw York, demanded the
