1889. .                         nmm mwiwmmmmmhmm.                              wm
sitkm to the motion arose rather, heweyfirj.from,
the time and manner in which it was attempted
to be effected—for his prejudices/were all «gainst
its continuance—than from any wish .on, his part
to keep up this body. He thought they were
not prepared at this time to cut off so important
an arm of the setvice, at least till they took time
to inquire whether the Navy could get on with-
out it.
Mr. ADAMS expressed his surprise at the
quarter from whence this opposition sprang-—
from the gentleman from Michigan, a State in the
situation of the unfortunate King of Bohemia,
who had not a boat in his dominions. Michigan
cared nothing about a navy, but others did.
This board Mr. A. believed to be absolutely in-
dispensable to the efficiency of the Navy; and to
abolish it would be to cut it m two—to put it
to death. If, however, evils did exist, let them
be investigated by a committee, and let another
plan be caiefully prepared, if the present was
found objectionable. There was another reason
for this attack upon the commissioners. They
were politically obnoxious to the dominant party,
though they had all three fought and bled for
their country. If, however, they were to cutoff
appropriations because abuses existed in, or
were charged against, the Departments for which
they were made, they would have to sponge the
whole out—ay, even those for the pay of Con-
gress itself. He denied the truth of the charges
against the Navy board; they were mere asser-
tions.
Mr. PICKENS was indisposed to abolish this
board without providing a substitute; and he re-
gretted that the late period of the session would
preclude the possibility of devising a proper plan.
He was certainly opposed to the present system;
but this was the first time that he had ever heard
an intimation of the political complexion of the
present commissioners. The great objection to
it was the commingling of responsibility, by
which there existed none at all, and therefore he
prefeired the bureau system. Mr. P. regietted
that the gentleman from Massachusetts should
have made any allusions to the geographical
source from whence the motion first came. The
gentleman from Michigan, representing a frontier
State, surrounded by inland seas, ought to feel
as much interest in the prosperity and efficiency
of the Navy as any member on that floor. Mr.
P.. thought, upon the whole, the subject had bet-
ter be laid over until the next Congress, when
there would be more time to mature a better
plan.
Mr. POPE was disposed to sustain the amend-
ment; but he concurred in the propriety of the
last suggestion of Mr. Pickens.
Mr. WISE said, from an experience of six
years on the Naval Committee in that House, he
was convinced that this board ought to be abol-
ished; for it was the chief cause of the inefficiency
in our naval service. He concurred in the opin-
ion that they had better do nothing now, but call
upon the Secretary of the Navy to report a plan
for the entire reorganization of the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. CAMBRELENG gave notice that to-mor-
row and next day he should ask the House to
continue the consideration of the appropiiation
bills.
The committee then rose and reported; and the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 15,1839.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 12th in-
stant; which was laid on the table, and ordered
tobe printed.
*   PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr, DAVIS presented a remonstrance against
the passage of the bill repealing the duty on salt;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. "WRIGHT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of western New York, praying that wheat
and other grain may be imported freeof duty, for
the purpose of being manufactured into flour and
exported; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, presented aj memo-
rial from citizens of New Orleans, praying redres 
forinjuriea committed by the Mexican Govern-
ment, and protesting against the convention
lately agreed to for arbitrating the differences be-
tween the two Governments; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
Mr. ROANE presented a memorial from
Thomas R. Saun; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. R. also presented a memorial from Wil-
liam Hebb; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial of
Charles Henry Hall, on the subject of the mag-
netic telegraph; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr  WALL, frotadle ©om«u'tt«W«i*he Judi-
ciary, to which Was referred the following MB ,
repotted the same without amendnJWit:' ■  • '
An act to alter and amend the organic law ¿si
the Territories of Wisconsin mi Iowa;
An act to define andestablish the eastern bound-
ary line of the Territory of Iowa;
An act to authorize the election or appointment
of certain officers in the Territory of Iowa, «ttd
for other purposes; ahd ^
An act to amend the act establishing the terrf¿
toria! government of Wisconsin.
Mr. W. also, from the samé committee, to
which was referred an act to approve and confirm
an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, creating certain banks, and
for other purposes, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
refeired to the Committee on finance; which was
agreed to.
Mr. W., from the same committee, asked to' be
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of the Legislative Council of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, praying the alteration of
the southern boundary line of said Territory, aa
there was not time at the present session prop-
erly to investigate and decide on it; which was
agreed to.
Mr. W. also',' from the same committee, to
which was referred the joint resolution request-
ing the President to present to James Rumsey,
jr., a gold medal, reported the same without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
Also, to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Somerville Pinck-
ney; which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolaei, That the Librarian be directed to malee oat and
to report to the Senate, at the commencement of the ft*st
session of the next Congress, a catalogue of all the laws
and of all the legislative and executive journals and docu-
ments' of the several States and Territories, now in the
Library.
Mr. A. said it was necessary to offer some re-
marks explanatory of this resolution. Being upon
the Library Committee, he felt it his duty to
make some inquiry ns to the contents of the
library; and he was very much surprised to learn
that the journals and documents of the ¡States
and Territories of this Union were not to be found
there; and, indeed, but few complete sets of the
laws of the States* and Territories were there.
In a conversation with the librarian, he be-
lieved, he told him that, with the exception of
the State of New York, there was no instance of
a complete set of the public documents of :tbe
Legislature of any State in the Union being in
the library; and in the case of the State of New
York, it only applied to a few years back. His
object in submitting the resolution was to show
the extent of the deficiency, in order to predicate
on it a movement, at the next session, to supply
this unaccountable defect in the national library.
It is a remarkable fact (said Mr. A.) that you
can lay your hand on all the proceedings of the
English Parliament in our library, and yet you
cannot find the journals and public documents
complete of any State in the Union. In making
this statement, his object was to disclose at the
next session the extent of the deficiency, and
upon that disclosure to predicate a demand to
supply it. He believed that in most cases the
journals of the State Legislatures might be found
from the foundation of the State governments.
It could not be a question with the members of
the Senate as to the necessity of having these
documentspreserved to the national library. This
was all he had to say in explanation of the reso-
lution, which, from its nudity,might appear light
and ridiculous.
The resolution was then adopted.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of Asa Arrnington and
others;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bassett;
The bill to fix the compensation of the senior
clerk in the Adjutant General's office;
The bill for the relief of the Nantucket Steam-
boat Company;
The bill for the relief of Elisha Eidridge;
The bill for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands, woo* were deprived of the'benefits
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported the same without amend-
ment:
An act for the relief of Rosaline Prudhomme;
An act far the relief of James Moor;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of the late Robert Farmer, deceased;
An act for the relief of James L. Stokes, and
for other purposes;
An act to authorize the trustees of the town-
ship of Oxford, in the county of Butler, and State
of Ohio, to enter a section of land in lieu of sec-
tion sixteen, in said township, for the use of
schools; and
An act for the relief of Abraham Stipp.
Also, the following with amendments:
An act for the relief of William Moore; and
An act for the relief of Philip Oatlet.
Also, an act for the relief of William B. Live-
say, withoutamendment, and with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred an act
for the relief of the heirs of Colonel Daniel Boone,
reported the same without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. N., regretted that be was selected as the or-
gan of this report, as he was aware of the import-
ance of the services of Colonel Boone, both in the
Revolutionary and Indian wars; but his claims
did not come within any of the rules which the
committee had laid down for their government.
If the Senate, in considering the report, should
come to a different conclusion, he would, with
pleasure, concur with them.
Mi. N., fiom the same committee, reported the
act for the relief of James Maxwell, without
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred the bill
for the relief of Ashbell Mason, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred an act for the
relief of Joseph Pierce, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was íeferred the bill for the re-
lief of John Balch, jr., reported the same with
amendments.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and obtained, leave to
withdraw the petition and papers of Frederick
Gebhardt.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to which was referred the
bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel Francis
Vigo, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. C , from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of the heirs of Captain Henry Conway,
and the petition of Betsey C. Shethar, only child
of John Shethar, deceased, an officer of the Rev-
olution; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic lands, to which was referred the following
bills, reported the same without amendment,
and with a recommendation that they do not
pass:
An act for the relief of William Marbury;
An act for the relief of Amelia Leach; and
An act for the relief of Oliver Welch.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported an
act for the relief of Thomas Todd, without amend-
ment.
