1839.         .                       TIfE CONGRESSIONAL <3IJ BE.                                  fgf
but, before concluding, waived his right to the
floor for the present.
Mr. INGHAM said he had a few words to
say to the amendment, which was, whether the
appropriation to the Commissioners of the Navy
Board should be stricken out ? The proposition,
he contended, was one of an extraordinary char-
acter, and goes totally to abolish that board,
without even the inquiry whether that part of the
service is prepared for such an event. The gen-
tlemen making it, too, do not present any feasi-
ble plan or proper provision for the derangement
which will be consequent upon such change.
The law by which that board was established
was passed in the year 1815, upon the pressing
recommendations of very many distinguished
officers of the Navy, who had seen much service
in the defense of their country, and who were
possessed of great practical knowledge of the
wants of that branch of the service. It was then
urged as of pressing necessity. It was necessary
then, as now, because the Secretary of the Navy
was not possessed of that requisite practical
knowledge of the wants and discipline of the
Navy.
Mr. I. then reviewed the organization of that
department of the British service, and proved that
it had, in such organization, two or three distinct
boards, whose actions undergo the supervision
of the Secretary, and that they were subject to
his control. The great experience of that Govern-
ment found it necessary, having a proper regard
to the character and interest of the Navy, that
such a board should be in operation. But the
principal objection urged to abolish this board
was, that gentlemen could not find where the
responsibilities of that Department were vested.
The law fixes the responsibility where it should
be. This board has certain defined duties to per-
form, subject to the supervision and control of
the Secretary. He had never yet ascertained that
any gentleman was disappointed or found any
difficulty in receiving information; and he had no
doubt, if gentlemen would call upon this board,
that they would promptly receive such as prop-
erly pertains to the board, and so as to the Secre-
tary. But the same argument of irresponsibility
would, with equal plausibility, apply to every
other Department of the Government. He would
ask those who are in favor of such reorganization
as would bring into operation a bureau system,
whether the same grounds of complaint could not,
with equal propriety, be alleged against it? and
whether gentlemen would not then be placed in
the same dilemma? He said it was impossible
for this officer, on the instant, to give full and sat-
isfactory answers to the various points of inquiry
which devolves upon him as Secretary, many of
which may involve a practical knowledge of the
service. It could not be expected that his head
was a storehouse; that he could, at a moment's
warning, give this practical information. So far
as the responsibility is concerned, this board and
the Secretary are jointly responsible, if they are
not individually so, and therefore this charge must
fall to the ground. But there is a division of this
responsibility, as is found in every Department
of the Government—even the Congress itself—
and he asked if gentlemen were prepared to abolish
the whole in consequence?
Some of those who had spoken upon the snb-
¿"ect contended that, since the organization of the
oard, the vessels have been badly constructed.
It was altogether matter of toste and skill. Mr.
I. referred to the frigate United States built pre-
vious to its organization. When that was built it
was universally said that it was the worst sailer
in the Navy; but it was subsequently proved that
its bad sailing was owing to the trimming of the
vessel, and after alterations in that respect, it
proved to be the fastest sailer in the Navy. This
might be the case with many of the vessels con-
structed under the supervision of this board. He
said the House had been favored with much dec-
lamation, but very little evidence. Mr. I. then
referred to the charges made by Mr. Mallort,
that the delay and tardy movements of the ex-
ploring expedition was owing to the management
of this board. He was pleased to find that the
responsibility of that delay had been changed from
the Secretary, which had been so frequently
chargedjggainsi him heretofore.
Mr. MALLORY was understood to say that
he charged the Secretary with the delay, and the
Navy Board with improper construction of the
vessels.
Mr. INGHAM said neither of them was cen-
surable for delay, nor were the Navy Board for the
bad construction of the vessels belonging to this
expedition. They were built under the superin-
tendence of Commodore Jones. He was appointed
to that charge before a vessel was commenced,
and had the entire management of the same. He
trusted that this was the last charge about that
expedition he should hear. The Navy Board, he
contended, had acted in all matters under the con-
trol and general direction of the Secretary, and
never proceeded without consulting him; and, so
far as the charge that they had prevented the
building of the steam vessels authorized by law
being any ground for its abolition, it would also
be good ground to abolish the office of Secretary
of the Navy; and he asked gentlemen if they were
prepared to do that act ?
He. said if the Navy Hoard should be charged
with being incompetent men, that would be a
legitimate cause of inquiry; or, if they had been
negligent in duty, that would be good cause for
inquiry; but the mode proposed by the amend-
ment of the bill would not be the proper way to
try them, because it goes to cut them off without
such inquiry. His own opinion was, that the
whole naval service should be reorganized, but
the House could not strike off this branch with-
out throwing the whole system into confusion.
Mr. PETRIKIN thought, as to the propriety
of abolishing this board at this time, there might
be some doubt, but as to a reorganization of the
whole Department there could be but one opinion.
This board, he contended, had been an incubus
upon the naval service, and whenever any branch
of it should impair the proper operation and use-
fulness of the whole, it should be lopped off. It
had become odious with the people, (for which
there was, no doubt, good ground,) and with him
that was proper cause for reorganization. He
said that the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] who claimed to be the exclusive advo-
cate and conservator of the Navy now, represents
the people of the very State who, during the last
war, declared that it was unbecoming a religious
and moral people to rejoice at the success of our
arms in that very branch of our service.
Mr. P. then inquired why it was that the Naval
Committee had made no report on the necessity
of reorganizing the Navy Department, as they
were instructed to do early in the session?
Mr. INGHAM stated that no such resolution
had been referred to that committee.
Mr. PETRIKIN contended that the resolution
instructing the committee to inquire into the ex-
pediency of abolishing the Navy Board, neces-
sarily involved the reorganization of the whole
Department. Mr. P. detailed a number of ex-
isting abuses in the naval service which required
correction, most of which grew out of the incom-
petency and incapacity of this irresponsible
board. He hoped the amendment would prevail,
if it had no other effect than that of telling these
men that the public were not blind to their con-
duct. He d isclaimed saying a word against them
as men, but only as a body.
Mr. PARMENTER cited the case of the
Charlestown navy-yard asa proof of this board.
Before its establishment, that yard was a chaos
of confusion and disorder; now it would compare
with any in the world. Faults there might be;
imperfections might exist; but these were rather
owing to the crude organization of the board, than
to themselves. The law was wrong. They were
originally intended as advisers to the Secretary
of the Navy, whereas the whole control of the
Navy had been placed under their supervision,
even to the making of contracts for supplies, for
which they could not be supposed, from their pre-
vious occupations, to be qualified. Mr. P. went
on to review the sections of the law, and was un-
derstood to oppose a total abolition of the board,
but to be in favor of some revision of the law.
He also made an argument against the bill to con-
struct a dry dock at New York.
Mr. CRARY remarked that this discussion
had, at least, rendered it evident that something
was %'ery wrong in the organization of this Board
of Navy Commissioners, and even the last gen-
tleman from Massachusetts had made it appear
that it had usurped all the powers belonging ío ¡
that branch of the Government.   This they did '
by mesas of drafting" their own b;f-iftwsj iri other
words, they drafted their own regulations, and
so drafted them as to place the whole- power of
the Navy Department in themselves. Itwás'this
of which he complained, and he felt assured that
if that board was continued, they would ruin' the
Navy. He made no application tó trte men com-
posing it, but to them as a body. Mh"C. then
replied to the remarks of Mr. Adams yesterday,
who made an explanation, that he did not mean
to deny the right of Mr. C. to make the motion
he did.
Mr. BRONSON disclaimed, in submitting; his
amendment, anything like an insidious attempt to
inflict a blow upon the Navy, as had been thrown
out by the gentleman from Massachusetts, But
the contrary. Of the politics of the members of
the board he had never heard a word, till it fell
from the gentleman himself. He had no personal
or political object in view; and, as a proof that it
was not so considered by others, his motion had
been advocated by gentlemen of the Opposition
as well as of his own party. After advocating
his amendment for some time, he gave it as hia
opinion that an overwhelming majority of the
service and of the country, and at least two thirds
of Congress, were in favor of abolishing this
board, and if not done by the present Congress,
it would be by their immediate successors.
Mr. MERCER protested against the incoii- *
gruity of introducing such a proposition as this
in an ordinary appropriation bill, the provisions
of which ought exclusively to be limited to the
expenses of Government. Mr. M. was also op-
posed to the proposed abolition of the board;
though he admitted that many alterations were
needed in the manner in which the Navy Depart-
ment was conducted. Asforthe bureausystém,
the President and Secretary could now establish
it, by directing divisions of dutyamong the three
commissioners, and all the personal responsibility
would follow, for a bureau was nothing more
than pens, ink, paper, and tape.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the committee rose
and reported.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 16, 1839.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
Edward D. Tippet; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WALL presented the merrioria! of the
trustees of the Presbyterian Church of Spring-
field, in the State of New Jersey, asking com-
pensation for the destruction of property durjrfg
the war of the Revolution; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;'arid
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of the Gen-
. eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, request-
ing Congress to pass a law altering the present
mode of issuing titles to land; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from the same, praying the
establishment of a port of entry arid custom-
house at some point on the Missouri river, and
allowing those who trade with Mexico byJand
the privilege of drawback and debenture.
Mr. L. went into a number of interesting de-
tails, showing the importance and former extent
of the trade between this country and the Mexi-
can provinces, and with the Indians of the Oregon
Territory, and its comparative insignificance at
present. The Hudson's Bay Company, from
their great facilities and advantages, were monop-
olizing the whole Indian and Mexican trade, as
they imported their goods free of duty; and they
would soon obtain a dangerous ascendency over
the minds of the Indians. He said that if there
was not prompt action on the part of Congress
on this subject, not only the trade with the Mexi-
can provinces would cease, but that the territory
inhabited by these Indians would be wrested from
us. Mr. L. said he had, some days since, intro-
duced a bill for the occupation of the Oregon
territory, with a view to doing something on
this subject, which he hoped the Senate would
consider and act upon at an early day.
Mr. L. also presented a memorial very numer-
ously signed by the inhabitants of the counties
of Benton, Rives, Polk, Cole, Morgan, and sev-
eral other counties, or parts of counties, in the
