im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
and to reject all applications or propositions for
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Also, the petition of one hundred and six citi-
zens of New London, Connecticut, praying for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia and in the Territory of Florida, and to pro-
hibit the traffic in human beings in the States.
Also, the petition of forty-eight citizens of Wind-
ham county, in Connecticut, praying that Con-
gress will not admit any new State into the Union
whose constitution admits slavery, and to reject
all applications and propositions for the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States. Also, the
petition of a number of citizens of Pomfrct, in
Connecticut, praying for the immediate abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia and in the
Territory of Florida, and to prohibit the trafficin
human beings in the States. Also, the petition
of Mrs. Amy Brown, praying for a pension in
consequence of services rendered by her father,
Nathaniel Adams, in the revolutionary war, and
was slain in battle at Fort Griswold, in Connec-
ticut.
Mr. HARPER presented the petition of John
Jamison and forty-two men, and Rebecca Jami-
son and thirty-one women, of Nashua city, Ohio,
remonstrating against the annexation of Texas.
Also, the petition of John Jamison and thirty-
three males, and Rebecca Jamison and thirty-one
females, of Nashua city, Ohio, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENRY presented the petition of a num-
ber of the citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylva-
nia, for the establishment of a national armory at
the falls of Beaver river, in said county; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Also, the petition of a
number of citizens of Mercer county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, the slave trade between the
States, and to prohibit the admission of any new
State into the Union the constitution of which
tolerates slavery. Also, the petition of a number
of the citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the Territories; also, the
slave trade between the States, and to prohibit
the admission of any new State into the Union
the constitution of which tolerates slavery.
Mr. GRAHAM, of Indiana, presented a peti-
tion signed by George M. Proffit and one hun-
dred and thirty-five others, members of the Legis-
lature of the State of Indiana, also the Governor
and Hoard of Internal Improvement of said Slate,
(certified by the Secretary of State to be genuine,)
praying Congress to appoint competent engineers
to examine the surveys made by the Jt iferson-
ville and New Albany Canal Company, and to
grant such additional aid to said company as may
be deemed proper to carry into effect the object
of said company; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. Also, the petition
of Isaac Dun and ninety-four others, citizens of
States bordering on the Ohio river, praying Con-
gress to appoint competent engineers to examine
the surveys made by the Jelfersonville and New
Albany Canal Company, and that such additional
aid be granted by Congress as may be deemed
proper; which was lefi.rrcd to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Also, the petition of James
Chambers and one hundred and twenty others,
citizens of Washington county, Indiana," praying
Congress to make certain grants to citizens of
the United States who may make settlements and
become permanent residents in the territory of
the United States west of the Rocky Mountains ¡
Mr. DUNN presented the petition of John!
Erebank and forty-eight others, citizens of Indi-'
ana, praying for the abolition of slavery in the |
District of Columbia.                                                  ]
Mr. "i ELL introduced the following memori-
als, petitions', «Sic, from  the Legislature  of the!
State of Arkansas: asking the relinquishment of
the sixteenth section in township eight north, !
range thirty-two west, for the benefit of the gar-
rison at Fort Smith; for an appropriation foAhc ■
Memphis road, and to make Little Rock and Van I
Burea ports of entry; and a petition from sundry
citizens of Aikatisas, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Greenville to Manchester
in Clark comity, Arkansas.
Mr. HARRISON presented petitions and me-
morials of the Legislature of Missouri, asking ,
the passage of a law requiring the Commissioner i
of the General Land Office, or the register of the
land district, to furnish to each purchaser a copy
of the field notes of the land purchased; a me-
morial asking an appropriation to remove ob-
structions at the mouth of the Des Moines river;
a paper from Samuel GIadney,to accompany his
petition for a preemption right; the petition of
sundry citizens of Marion, Clark, and Lewis
counties, praying the establishment of a post
route therein mentioned, together with a remon-
strance against the same by many other citizens
of the same counties; and the petition of Abner
J. Adair, administrator of Wyatt Adkins, for re-
muneration for depredations committed by the
Osage Indians.
Mr. TAYLOR presented the petition of Levi
Carr, of the town of Manlius, New York, for an
invalid pension. Also, the petition of Asa Mer-
rill and ten others, of the same town, and soldiers
of the Revolution, praying for an increase of
pension
Mr. JACKSON, of New York, presented a
petition from sundiy citizens of the port of Sag
Harbor, asking for an appropriation to erect a
light-house on Gardiner's Island, Suffolk county,
New York.
Mr. BICKNELL presented a petition to es-
tablish a post road from Wampsville, in Madison
county, New York, by Lenox Furnace, to Ca-
wasselon creek; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVEE presented the petitions of Cyrus
Packard,  and   thirty-six  others,   of Blanchard,
Maine; of John Shaw and eighty-five others, of
Exeter, Maine; and of Nancy G. Norcross and
three hundred and thirty-seven other women, of
the city of Bangor, Maine, praying Congress not
to admit any new State into the Union whose con-
stitution tolerates slavery, and to reject all appli-
cations for the annexation of Texas to the United
States; and further pray that a select committee
may be appointed before whom the petitioners
may be heard in poison or by counsel.    Also,
the petitions of Cyrus Packard and thirty-seven
others, of Blanchard, Maine; of Susan K. Garn-
sey  and   three  hundred  and  sixty-seven   other
women, of the city of Bangor, Maine, praying
that   Congress  would  immediately abolish  sla-
very in the District of Columbia, and in the Ter-
ritory of Florida, and   to prohibit  the  traffic in
j human beings between the several States; which
i petitions were severally laid upon the table under
i the order of the House of Representatives of the
I ]3th of December, 1838.    Also, the petition of
| John Palmer and others, praying for a new mail
i route from Palmer's Corner, in Cornville, to An-
| son village, Mame; which  was  referred to  the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PARMENTER presented sundry resolu-
tions adopted by one hundred and seventy mem-
bers of the  two branches of the Massachusetts
Legislature, constituting nearly one third of that
body, expresmg their wishes that the Independ-
ent Treasury bill should be passed into a law,
and declining their confidence in the President of
the United States and the national Administration,
! and approbation of their measures and policy;
| which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union.   Mr. P. also presented
| the petition of Francis Tinker and two hundred
j and four others, male and female adults of Ashby,
; in the State of Massachusetts, praying that all
j orders of the House restricting the right of peti-
! tion on any subject may be rescinded. Also, the
! petition of Josiah Kendall  and others, of Dun-
: stable, Massachusetts, for the same object; peti-
| tion  of Micajah Bowers and twelve others, of
Chelmsford, Massachusetts, for the same object;
petition of Benjamin Spalding and thirty cither
men, and Polly F. P. Spalding and thirty-five
otliei women, of Chelmsford, Massachusetts, for
tin  ¡<ame object; petition ofMary S. P. Hayward
and   seventy-eight other women, of Ashby, for
the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, and of the slave trade between the States of
the Union; petition of Elizabeth A. Moulton and
one hundred other women, of Marlboro', for the
same object; petition of Henry Wave, jr., and
one hundred and  three  other citizens of Cam-
bridge, praying that all orders of the House re-
stricting the right of petition may be rescinded;
petition of Lucy Gilmore and one hundred and
thirty-two otheis, of Cambi idge, for the same ob-
ject ; petition  of Isaac H. Bowman and twenty-
four men, and Lucy A. B. Brawner and forty-four
other women, for the same object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented the
petition of T. J. Durant and James Fouzer, of
Louisiana, soliciting a grant of land in the said
State, for the purpose of cultivating thereon the
morus multicaulis, or Chinese mulberry tree,
and raising silk worms, and manufacturing silk;
which was referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. RIDGWAY presented a petition signed
by Slocum Hawland and twenty-five others, re-
spectable citizens of Cayuga county, New York.
They respectfully pray the two branches of Con-
gress immediately to abolish slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, and those
Territories where the same practice exists; and
so to exercise their constitutional powers, vested
in them, " to regulate commerce among the slave
States," as entirely to prohibit the domestic slave
trade; which petition, under the order of the
House of December 12, 1838, was laid on the
table. Also, a petition signed by Slocum Haw-
land and twenty-five other citizens, also from the
same section of New York State, who respect-
fully petition Congress not to admit any new
States to this Union whose constitutions tolerate
domestic slavery, and promptly to reject all pro-
posals for the annexation of Texas to this Union,
from whatever source they may come. That
part of the petition which relates to domestic
slavery was laid on the table, under the rules of
the House of December 12, 1838; and that part
which relates to the annexation of Texas was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, a petition signed by twenty females and
forty-three males, all of age, from Mount Gilead,
Marion county, Ohio. They respectfully ask the
two branches of Congress to exercise their consti-
tutional powers for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia; which was laid on the
table, under the rule of the House of December
12, 1838.
Mr. EVERETT asked leave of the House to
otTer a resolution; which was read to the House
as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay
before Mid House a statement of* the proceedings of his De-
partment, in the execution of the first and second provis-
ions of the 4th article of the treaty of the 1st November,
1837, with the Winnebago Indians, and copies of alt corre-
spondence relating thereto ; and, also, a statement of any
information received relating to anv speculation or alleged
misconduct of any person or persons employed in the exe-
cution of'the said provisions; and copies of all correspond-
ence relating thereto.
Objection being made to its reception at that
time,
Mr. E. moved a suspension of the rules to-en-
able him to do so; but the House refused.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The unfinished business of the morning hour
was then resumed, being the report of the Select
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HARRISON resumed and concludedhia
remarks in reply to Mr. ROBERTSON; when
Mr. PARKER obtained the floor, but gave way
to Mr. CAMBRELENG, on whose motion the
House proceeded to the orders of the day.
Mr. ROBERTSON then submitted a motion
that the above subject be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
be made the special order at half past one o'clock
for to-morrow and next day.
Objection being made, Mr. R. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and nays,
stating that he should consider this a test vote on
the subjpct itself.
Mr. MURRAY said he should vote against
suspending the rules, but that vote was not to
be regarded as an expression of his opinion on
the matter involved.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 02, nays 106.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES LOST.
Mr. TÜRNEY asked the House to take up
and consider the bill to revive the act providing
for the payment of horses lost in the Florida war;
but at the suggestion of the Speaker waived it
tul sundry bills and joint resolutions from the
Senate were taken up, read twice, and referred to
their appropriate committees.
