THE CONGRESSIONAL5 GLOBE...
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WaIThINGTOÑTbTIbLAIR & RIVES.
25th Congress, 3d Session.                                             TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1839.                                                           VOL. 7____No. 13.
Mr. T. then renewed his motion; but it did
not prevail.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked the House to take
up the bill to extend the time of the act author-
izing the issue of Treasury notes till May, and
to issue the unissued balance.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a suspension of
the rules; which prevailed without a division.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and the
question being upon its passage,
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, called the at-
tention of the House to the fact that the Admin-
istration were striving to cany out this system
of paper currency.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that this bill
only authorized the issue of the balance not is-
sued under the act of last session. It was, in
fact, nothing more than to carry out the intention
of that law, which was rendered the more neces-
sary from the suspension of one of the southern
deposit banks, and the loss accruing in the cus-
toms from the shipwreck of the three New York
packets.
Mr. MENEFEE should not oppose the bill,
but its necessity showed the fallacy of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of
the finances.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired if this bill had
been originally introduced at the desire of the
Treasury Department?
Mr. CAMBRELENG, in reply, stated that the
Secretary of the Treasury, at the commencement
of the session, had asked Congress for the pas-
sage of this measure.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
BIDDLE, PICKENS, RHETT, BELL, HAL-
STED, LYON, and POTTER; when
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS demanded the pre-
vious question; but withdrew it at the suggestion
of
Mr. STANLY, who made a few remarks in
opposition to the bill, and, having concluded,
renewed the motion for the previous question,
which was seconded by the House, and the main
question ordered.
Mr. GRAVES moved a call of the House;
which was ordered, and proceeded in for some
;ime; when,
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
ill further proceedings in the same were dis-
pensed with.
The question now recurring upon the passage
of the bill,
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were
-yeas 102, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Andrews, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beers, Beirne, Bicknell, Birdsall, Borden,
Bouldm, Briggs, Brodhead, Bronson, Buchanan, Cambre-
leng, Casey, Chaney, Cleveland, Connor, Crary, Cushman,
Davee, De Graff, Dromgoole, Duncan, Edwards, Evans,
Farrington, Isaac Fletcher, Fry, Gallup, James Garland,
Glascock, Grantland, Gray, Greunell, Haley, Hamer, Har-
rison, Hawkins, Haynes, Ingham, Thomas B. Jackson,
Jabez Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim,
Kemble, Klingcnsmitli, Legare, Leadbetter, Lincoln, Lo-
gan, Looniis, Lyon, James M. Mason, Martm, McKay,
Robert McClellan, Abraham McClellan, Miller, Montgom-
ery, Moore, Morgan, Murray, Noyes, Palmer, Parker, Par-
menter, Parns, Payntcr, Pearce, Pennybacker, Petrikin,
Plumer, Potter, Pratt, John FI. Prentiss,Reed, Reiiy, Rich-
ardson, Ridgway, Rives, Robinson, Saltonstall, Sheffer,
Sheplor, Smart, Sweanngen, Titus, Toueey, Turney, Vail,
Vandervcer, Webster, Whittlesey, Jared W. Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Worthington, and Yell—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ileman Allan, Aycrigg, Bell,
Biddle, Bond, William B. Calhoun, John Calhoon, Carter,
Cheatham, Childs, Clowney, Coles, Corwin, Crabb, Craig,
Cranston, Crockett, Cushing, Davies, Deberry, Dennis,
Dunn, Elmore, Ewmg, Richard Fletcher, Fillmore, Rice
Garland, Giddmgs, Goode, James Graham, William Gra-
ham Graves, Griffin, Halsted, Hawes, Henry, Hoffman,
Robert M. T. Hunter, Jenifer, Henry Johnson, William
C. Johnson, Kennedy, Lewis, Marvin, Sampson Mason,
Maury, May, Maxwell, Menefee, Mercer, Milligan, Mitch-
ell, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Ogle, Peck, Pickens, Potts,
Sergeant S. Prentiss, Putnam, Rariden, Randolph, Ren-
cher, Rhett, Robertson, Russell, Sawyer, Augustine H.
Sheppprd, Shields, Sibley, Stadc, Southgate, Stanly, Stone,
Stratton, Taliaferro, Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Un-
derwood, Albert S. White, John White, Lewis Williams,
13
Sherrard Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Word, and
Yorke—88.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the title of the
same was so amended as to read, " An act to re-
vive and extend" the act authorizing the issue of
Treasury notes.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, the House
then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 19, 1839.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. Reuel Williams, elected by the
Legislature of Maine, a Senator from that State,
for six years, from the 4th of March next; which
were read.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas H. Williams, elected by the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, a Senator from that State,
to supply the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of Hon. James F. Trotter; which were
read.
Mr. W. was then qualified,and took his seat.
MEMORIALS.
Mr. NORVELL presented a memorial from
the Governor of the Territory of Iowa, asking
Congress to authorize the seat of Government of
that Territory to be located on the public lands,
in the county of Johnson, and to make agrantfor
that purpose; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of the
American Society for the Diffusion of Useful
Knowledge, asking Congress to promote the ob-
jects of said society; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of sundry
inhabitants of Charles county, Missouri, who
propose to emigrate to Oregon Territory, and ask-
ing a grant of land therein; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of a number of citizens of
Paducali and McCracken counnes, Kentucky, in relation
to the claim of Francis A. Harrison, on the files oi* the last
session, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial and
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, requesting Congress to make appro-
priations for the completion of the public and
military roads commenced by the United States
in that State while she was in her territorial con-
dition.
In presenting these papers, Mr. N. said that
the Legislature of Michigan had correctly stated
that, in consequence of the commencement of
the roads in question by this Government, a
number of persons had been induced to purchase
and settle on the public lands along the routes of
these roads. The settlers near their lines are, in
fact, very numerous. Their purchases were made
in full confidence that the roads would be fin-
ished. The Legislature justly consider that this
Government was bound to redeem the faith which
it pledged to complete them. Again: the Legisla-
ture of Michigan represent the great importance of
Mackinac as a military post. It was known to be
so by all military gentlemen at all acquainted with
the country. It was situated in a secluded posi-
tion, inaccessible in winter, without any road
leading to it, unless Congress should prosecute
to completion that which they had commenced
at Detroit, seventy miles of which only had been
made. In every view of the subject, it appeared
to him that the request of the Legislature de-
served immediate attention and compliance on
the part of Congress. Without further remarks,
he moved that the memorial and joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals, and printed. And he begged to call the
special attention of that committee to the subject,
so interesting to Michigan, and so important, in
a military point of view, to the nation.
Mr. LYON said he desired to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that, at the last session
of Congress, he had introduced a bill to provide
for the completion of the roads referred to in the
memorial, by giving to the State of Michigan the
usual percentage of the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands in that State, from the time
when her constitution was formed to the time
when she received it under the act supplementary
to the act providing for her admission into the
Union, which was about one year. This was, in
his opinion, the best mode of making provision for
the completion of these roads and closing up all
the works of this description begun by the Gen-
eral Government within the limits of the State.
The bill passed the Senate, but failing to receive
the action of the other branch of Congress, it did
not become a law. He again introduced it, at an
early period of the present session, and hoped for
a more favorable result; but, contrary to what he
thought the people of Michigan had a right to
expect, there was found to be a majority of the
Senate against it, and it was laid on the table.
Though the bill proposed to give to Michigan
precisely what every other new State in the Union
had received, and no more, it was voted down;
and among those whose votes were found recorded
against what appeared to him so reasonable a
proposition, were Senators from some of the new
States which had received, not only what was
asked by the bill, but millions upon millions of
the public money besides, for similar objects.
The bill was defeated, and now something else
must be done. He was determined not to relax
his efforts to effect the object he had in view, so
long as he should retain his seat in the body, and
if he could not do it in one way, he would try
another. He observed a bill on the table to pro-
vide for the completion of certain military roads
in the State of Arkansas, and as that State seemed
to fare rather better than his own, he designed,
at a proper time, to offer an amendment to that
bill, which would provide for the completion of
the military roads in Michigan also.
The motion to refer and print the memorial was
then agreed to.
PORT OF ENTRY AT INDIAN KEY.
Mr. NORVELL said that, a f&w days ago", he
had been induced, by a gentleman in whose word
he supposed he could confide, to presenta memo-
rial from W. A. Whitehead, in reference to the
establishment of a port of entry at Indian Key,
in Florida. It was printed on his motion. He
had subsequently ascertained that the memorial
contained a very gross attack upon another gen-
tleman,(Thomas Jefferson Smith,) of whose char-
acter he entertained a very favorable opinion. He
received the memorial as he was coming into the
Senate, and, in reply to a question propounded by
him on the occasion, he was assured that it was
perfectly respectful in its language. He never
would, knowingly, permit this body to become
the medium of calumny upon the character of any
man. As the only course by which he could rem-
edy the evil of which he had been the unconscious
agent, he moved that the memorialist have leave
to withdraw this memorial from the files of the
Senate, and that the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from its further consideration. The
subject of Indian Key as a port of entry would
still be before the committee upon other memo-
rials and papers.
The motion was unanimously agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported the same without amend-
ment:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Crocker
Sampson;
An act for the relief of Nicholas Plehan;
An act for the relief of'Nathaniel Plumb; and
An act for the relief of Major Tarlton Wood-
son.
