1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The bill to authorize the Washington County
and St. Genevieve Railroad Company, in the
State of Missouri, to construct a road through
the public lands,
were ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to explain and amend the fifth section
of the act passed the 30th of June, 1834, for the
better organization of the United States Marine
Corps, was taken up and discussed by Messrs.
RIVES, and WILLIAMS of Mame; and, with-
out coming to any action thereon,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 21, 1839
As soon as the Journal was read,
The SPEAKER   announced   the unfinished
business of the morning hour.
Mr PRENTISS, of Mississippi, said he rose
to a question of privilege, which would take pre-
cedence over all other business, and he would
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That this House proceed to inquire I. Wheth-
er Alexand* r Di tcan, a member of this House from the
State of Ohio, hi the author of a certain publication orpub-
Iications, under 1ns name, in relation to the proceedings of
this House, and certain members thereof, published in the
Globe newspaper of the 19tll instant 9 Whether, by said
publication or publications, the said Alexander Duncan
has not been guilty of a violation of the privileges of this
House, of an offense against its peace, dignity, and gooá
order, and of such grossly indecent, ungentiemanly, dis-
graceful, and aishonoiable misconduct, as renders him un-
worthy of his seat in this House, and justly liable to expul-
sion from the s<<me
Mr. YELL inquired if he was not entitled to
the floor on the report of the select committee on
the public lands'
The SPEAKER replied that he was, but that
a question of privilege overrode everything else.
Mr. YELL asked the gentleman to postpone
his motion until the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. PRENTISS, of Mississippi, said he could
not consent to do so.   Mr. P. said, that as this
have had an influence upon the minds of many
honest and patriotic men So far fiom having
denied, we have uniformly asserted and main-
tained this right. But after declamation and ar-
gument had been exhausted on both sides of the
question-, after the memorials had been refened
to a select committee during the Twenty-Fourth
Congress, and an elaborate report sent forth to
the American people—we thought it our duty to
take such a course with petitions of this char-
acter as would enable Congiess to proceed with
the consideration of subjects of necessary and
legitimate legislation. The whole question since
that period has been one with regaid to the dis-
position of memorials when received, and no de-
nunciation oi false representations will drive us
from a course demanded alike by a regaidforthe
proper and necessary legislation of Congress, the
rights of the South, and the interests of the whole
country. After the declarations which have come
from high sources during the piesent session, in
both ends of the Capitol, I am encouraged to hope
that the ag.tation of this question in New Eng-
land for political purposes will cease; that theie
will be no more attempts to deceive and excite
the people by inculcating the impression that
then light to petition has been invaded
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi,
the question of reception was laid on the table.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the memorial of
upwards of one thousand citizens of the Stale of
Louisiana, praying for the repeal or modification
of the naturalization laws; which was refeired to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from sun-
dry pilots of the river Delaware and shipmasters
of the port of Philadelphia, in relation to the har
boi of Chester; which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mi. WALL presented a petition of citizens of
the State of New Jersey, praying for the erection
of a light-house at Little Egg harbor; which was
refened to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr YOUNG presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of the town of Burlington, Illinois,
piayingfor the establishment of a new post route,
which was refened to the Committee on thePost
Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported unfavorably on several bills from
the House that had been referred to the same
committee.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the fuither consider-
ation of the petition of Thomas H Perkins, of
Boston, on the ground that there are no docu
ments on the files of this or the other House in
support of the cKim
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the bill making ap-
propriations for the erection of public buildings
in Florida, and the bill to revive and extend the
act authorizing the issue of Treasury notes.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Mississippi, fiom the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to which
was refened an act for the relief of the represent-
atives of Ann Levacher Van Brun, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the petition of Joseph
Shaw, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. HU8BARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which the subject of claims for dep-
redations in Florida had been leferred, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal repiesentatives of
James Williams, deceased, which was read,and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred an act for
the relief of the settlers upon the Salt Lick res-
ervation hi the western district of Tennessee,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred the
following bills, reported the same withoutamend-
ment, and with a recommendation against their
passage:
An act for the relief of Gideon Sheldon;
An act for the relief of the executors of Robert
McFarland; and
An act granting a pension to John F. Wiley.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, re-
ported an act granting a pension to John Clark,
without amendment
DEATH OF EDWARD WIER.
Mr. KING said he rose to presenta resolution
in consequence of the  melancholy death  this |
morning of one of the officers  of  the Senate, .
(Mr. Edwaid Weir.)    But yesterday, (said Mr. I
K.,) he was among us, discharging his duties ap-
parently in good health and spirits—to-day he
had passed that bourn from whence no traveler |
returns      He would  not dwell  on the faithful
services of this officer while he was among us; I
they were well known to the members of this I
body.    He rose simply to present a resolution ¡
that the Senate would attend the funeral of their ¡
deceased officer, at half past three o'clockto-mor-1
row, and that the expenses of his funeral be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The resolution was read, and unanimously
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the Senate
went into executive session, and after a short i
time spent therein, the doors were reopened.       j
Mr BENTON submitted the following resolu- j
tion, which was considered and agreed to:            '
Resohei, That the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General be directed to report to the Senate what
drafts on banks hiving public funds on deposit have been j
protested since the 1st day of January, 1837, the amount
oí public money in deposit in each bank at the time of each
protest, and whethet, m any case, such protests have been
made m violation of special arrangements, and, if so, what
those arrangements weie
OWNERS OF THE ALLEGHANY.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives |
of the owners of the ship Alleghany was ordered
to be laid upon the table—ayes 21, noes 14.
SECURITY OF THE PUBLIC MONEY.          !
The bill for securing the public money in the
hands of collectoi s and agents of the Govei nment,
and the punishment of defaulters, was taken up
on its third reading; and, after some remarks
from Messrs. WEBSTER, HUBBARD, and
WILLIAMS of Maine,
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, submitted a motion
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Finance,
for the purpose of having it amended so as to
embrace the principles of Mr Rives 's substitute;
and, after some remarks from Mr. C. and Mr. I
WRIGHT, the question was taken by yeas and
nays, and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—'Vlewi Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden, Foster,
Knight McKean, Merrick, Prentiss, Rives, Robbms, Rug
gles, teniith of Indiana, Spence, Swilt, Tailmadge, Web-
stei, and White—lb
NAYS—Messrs Allen. Benton, Brown, Ruchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbird, Linn, Lyon, Mor
ns, Motilón Nicholas N.le* Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Rob   I
mson, Sevier, Smith ot i onnecncut, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liams of Maine  Wright, and Youn¿—25
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
TALLMADGE and NILES, and the question
being taken on the passage of the bill, it was de-
cided in the affiimative—yeas 28, nays 15; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown. Buchanan Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert Fulton, Hubbard, King, Lmn, Lyon,
Morn« Mouton, Nicholas, Nile^, Norvell, Pierce, Roano,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Walt,
Walker, William^ of Maine, Williams of Mississippi,
Wright, and Young—38
NA1S—Messrs  Hayard, Clay of Kentuck}, Crittenden,
Davi-  Foster, Knight, McKeui, Merrick, Prentiss, Rnh
bins, lluggles, Smith of Indiana, Swift, Tailmadge, and j
White—lo                                                                       I
On motion of Mr. YOUNG, the title of the bill
was so amended as to read, A bill further to pre-
scribe the duties of collectors of the customs and
othei oificeis and agents in the employment of
the United States, prohibiting the admission of
certain oíFsets m suits against the debtors of the
Government, and to piovide for the punishment
of public defaulters
The bill entitled "A bill in amendment of the
acts respecting the judicial system of the United
States;" and
The bill to authorize the selection of lands for
the benefitot the University of Michigan, instead
of other lands heretofore selected,
The bill to repeal certain acts respecting Navy
pensions, and making fuither provisions in rela- .
tion to Navy pensions, and                                      I
was a very important question, he would move a
call of the House.
The call was ordered nem. diss.
On the fust call of the roll one hundred and
twenty-five membeis answered to their names,
otheis having meanwhile come m, and one hun-
dred and forty-six were announced as being
present.
The doors were then closed, the absentees
again called, and excuses rendered. After some
time,
On motion of Mr. HALSTED, the call was
dispensed with.
The publication in the Globe of the 19th ia-
stant was then read at the Clerk's table.
Mr PRENTISS, of Mississippi, then pro-
ceeded to comment at length upon the language
used by Mr. Duncan, stating that, in doing so,
he should consider the publication as a forgery
and a false libel, and not regard it, for the honor
of the House, as authentic.
Mr. DUNCAN interposed, and said be would
save the trouble of proof. I say, sir, that I am
the author of that publication, and of every word
contained in it.
Mr. PRENTISS, of Mississippi replied, how-
evei, he should still proceed to comment upon
the language as if the avowal had not been made;
and he went on to contend that its use merited
expulsion, or some potent mode of exemplifying
the indignation of the House. Either under the
code of honoi, or the legal code, he was equally
unworthy of a seat there; and Mr. P. argued
both these positions at large
Mr. JENIFER followed on the same side, and
appealed to the advocates of the anti-duthnglaw
to sustain theaflirmative of the proposition befoie
the House; for he insisted that Mr. Duncan's
conduct had rendered him amenable to that law.
Moreover,Mr. J. contended, also, that those who
had certified to the fact of the time occupied by
Mr. Stanly in his reply, were equally guilty, if
their object was the same as Mr. l).'s. In refer-
ence to Mi. S.'s punted speech, he maintained
that the gist of it was uttered on the floor, though
the delivered speech was, in the opinion of him-
self, and thirty or forty members besides, more
violent than the published one
Mr. J inquired if the gentleman from Ohio had
so insulted the gentleman from North Carolina as
