198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
to be evident to every one within hearing, would
not the Chair have called him to order?
Mr. CONNOR, who had temporarily occupied
the chair at the period referred to, explained that
lie had called Mr. Dukc\n to order
Mr. JENIFER as>kcd the gentleman whether
he considered it a personal insult >
Mr. CONNOR had called the gentleman to order
fordisoideiiy language; but whether it was a per-
sonal insult or not did not fall within his consid-
eiation.
Mr. JENIFER having concluded,
Mr. DUNCAN obtained the floor, and ad-
diessed the House at some length in explanation,
going to show that the language used toward lum
fully wauanted his own in letort.
Mr. GRAY, after a few lemaiks, which will be
given with the debate, moved to lay the lesolution
on the table,
Mr. TILLINGHAST demanded the yeas and
nays; which, being oidered, were—yeas S3, nays
91; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs    \datns, lleman Allan, Anduson, An-
drews, Athetton, Banks, lieatty, Beers, Hicknell, Kirdsall,
Bronson, liutlianan, livmiin, Cambrelong, John Campbtll,
Casey, (. h liny. Chapman, Coh s, Connor, Cribb, Crin,
Cushm.ni, i)e Grail, Dionigoole, Elmore, Harrington, Pi>,
Gallup, Glascock, Grant, Gra> , ííi Ithn, Hammond, Hamer,
Hairisoh, Hawkins, Hotst'\,   Holt, Howard,   William II
Hunter,  Robert M    T   Hnntei,  Nuhamel Jones, ketm,
Keuibh, Klinirensmnli, Lewis, Loomis, L}on, Martin, Me
Kay, Roln it MeCIeil m, Abraham McUlelian, .Miller, bam
uel VV Moms, Murray, Owe its, Parker, Parnn liter, Pan is,
Paynter, Peiiiivtutkt r, i'etrikui, Phelps, l'iekeiis, Pluiuer,
Potter. John II  Prentiss, Rivi s, Robertson, Kai\\er, ispen
cer, Swearin en,   i'homas, 'I mis, 'inrne\, Vail,  Vander
veci, Wagenu, W eb=t« r, J uul VV   Williams, tVoitiiing
ton, and i ell—W
NIVS-Messis \li tmder John W Allen, IjengK, Boll,
Huidle, lionet, liugus, William I) Cillioun, John Cilhoon,
William 11 Í miphell. Carter. Cllanibeis,Cheatham, Clark,
Cotlm, Corwin, Lianston, Crockett, Curtis-, dishing. Dar-
lington, Oavvson, I) ivies, Ileberr>, Uunn,Kdwarrts, Uvans,
Even it, UiUiard rletcln r, Fillmore, Kace Garland, Gid
dttiirs, Goode, James Graham, VV ilham Graham, Ilalsted,
Hallan, tl.uper, Hawes, Hollinan, Jenifer, Heniy Johnson,
William C Johnson, Ki lined}, Legare, Lincoln, Mallory,
Marvin, S tnipson Mason, M.uny, Maxwell, McKeriiim,
Menelee, Men 11. Milhgau, Mitchell, Calvarv Morris, Nay-
lor, Novt s. Ogle, Pearct, Pope, Potts, Sergeant S. Pn Miss,
liauden, Randolph, Kidgwaj, Uobmson, lUmisi v, Unssell,
Salloustall, ^< ri?( ant, Shields, riible>, Stuart, Hlr.utou.Tal
htturo, Thompson, '1 ilhrighast, 'Poland, Underwood, Al
berth While, John White, Whitlh sey, Lewis Williams,
Prurrnid Willi tins, Joseph 1. Williams, C hnstoplier II
Williams, Wise, Word, anil Yorke—*)1
So the motion to lay on the table was decided
in the negative; and I he debate wis further con-
tinued by Mcssis. MENEFEE, PRENTISS of
Mississippi, and GRAY.
Mr. PRENTIbS, of Mississippi, offeied a res-
olution, in substance, as a modification of the one
first mtioduccd, " That, as Aiexvndí-r. DrjNctN
had avowed himself the author of the publication
in the Globe, (naming the article,) he be and is
heieby expelled the House."
Mr. LEGARE suggested the propriety of the
gentleman moving it in the form of an inquiry.
Mr. ADAMS said, as an inquiry he might be
prepared to vote for it, but the substitute involved
a question as to the constitutional power of this
House to expel a member
Mi. PRENTISS then, as it did not appear to
meet the approbation of his fi lends, withdrew it.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
PRENTISS of Mississippi, GRAY, WISE, and
PARRtS, who moved to lay the whole subject
on the table, and upon that motion the yeas and
nays wt re oidered.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved a call of the House,
which was not ordered.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table, and decided as
follows:
YP.Asi— Messrs \dains, Anderson, \ndrews, Atherton,
Banks, Be.uty, Beirnt, Bicknell, Birdsall, lioiildin, Bron
son. Bur batían, Cambreleiig. Joiisi Campbell, Cisej , Cha
ney, Chipn.ui, tole , ( ounor, Crary, t'lishuidii, Divee,
De Graff. Dnitugoole, Isaac riuclrer, Fry Gallup Llas-
eock, Grant, Or u,Grifuii, Haley, Hammond. Hamer, Har-
rison, 11 uvkms, Holsi v, Holt, Howard, VV illtain Ü Hunter,
Inaham, Thorn is H Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, Kum, Kenible, Ktingensmith, Loadbetter, Lewis,
Logan, Loomis, Martin, McKay, Robert McClellan, Abra-
ham McUul tn, Montgoim ry, Moore, ¡Samuel \V Morris,
Murrav \olile, Owens, Pihner, Parker, Parmenter, Parris,
Pavnar, Penny backer, Pitnkin, Phelps, Pickens, Plutner,
Joim H. Prentiss. Keilv, Rutiardson, Hives, Robertson,
i? nvvo, Mh íft r rineploi, <peueer, riweannirtn, Taylor,
Thuinis, Titus, !ouce\,Tiiniev. Vul, Wajenir, Webste-,
Week- Jit'd W   \\ ilhains. \\ orllnngtoti, ami V<!1 — 91
N W-7 — Mess.s \hxandei. Hi man \ilan, John VV
Aikn A^ncir, Hell, ijiculle. Bond, Borden Bnggs William
B t albotín John Caluoon, \l illjam H Campbt !l. í trier
Chambers, Cheatham, Childs, Clark, Convm, Cranston,
Crockett, Curtis, Gushing, Darlington, Dawson. Davies,
Dtberry, Di mils, Dunn, Edward , Elmore, Evans, Everett,
Hiving, Richaid Fletcher, Fillmore, Kice Garland, G hidings,
Goode, James Graham, William Graham, Grennell, Hal-
sterl, Harlan, Harper, Henry, Herod, Hoffman, Hopkins,
Jabez Jackson, Jenifer, Henry Johnson, William C. John-
son, Kennedy. Legare, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Samp
son Mason. Maury, May, Maxwell, McKennan, Menelee,
Mercei.MiIhgan, Mitt hell, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Noyes,
Ogle, Pick, Pope, Potts, Sergeant S. Prentiss, Putnam,
Randolph, lienclier, Kidgwav, Kobmson, Eumsey, Russell,
S.tltonstMl, isergeant, Sibley, Slade, Stuart, Stone, Stralton,
Talialerro,Thompson,Tilhngh ist,Toland, Alberts White,
John White, Lewis Williams, Sherrard Williams, Christo-
pher II. Williams, Wise, Word, and Yorke—101
So the House refused to lay it upon the table.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
TOUCEY, WISE, and GRAY.
Mr. THOMPSON obtained the floor, and
moved the following as a substitute for the ori-
ginal resolution:
RcaoUed, That Aie\ander Duncan, a member of tins
House, having avowed bimselt the author of an article pub-
lished in the Globe 01 the 19th instant, grossly libelous of
honorable members of this body, the said Alexander Dun
can be reprimanded by the Speaker in the presence of the
House.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
THOMPSON and GLASCOCK; when,
On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fiiiday, February 22, 1839.
As soon as the Journal was read,
Mr. ROBINSON rose and said: Mr. President,
I present, and ask to have read and printed, two
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois—
the first, that it is not the true policy of the Uni-
ted States to establish an Independent or sub-
Treasury system; the second, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of the
State in Congiess to vote against the adoption of
any such system. With the greatest respect and
most profound deference for the opinion of the
majority of the Legislature whose vote passed
the resolutions, the system they reject, so far at
least as keeping the public money is concerned,
is, in my humble opinion, not only the true, but
the best policy; and it is my firm conviction that
such is the decided opinion of a majority of the
voters of Illinois, and such I take to be their un-
qualified expiession, as evinced last August in
the result of the election fot Govei nor, Lieutenant
Governor, and members to Congress. Yet it is
possible I may be mistaken, and it is not for me
to go behind the instructions; that is an account
those who give them have to settle. If they were
elected to give them, or their constituents are for
thern.they have done right; if neither, the instruct-
ors will be instructed. I have only to add, my po-
litical cieed forbids disregard to the legitimate in-
stitutions from the body whose voice honored me
with a seat here. Their will, not mine, be done,
and upon them rest the responsibility.
The íesoiutions were then read, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. R. observed, whilst up, he would also pre-
sent a pint resolution of the same Legislature,
containing instructions to the Senators and a re-
quest to the Representatives of the State to use
their best exertions to have the Constitution so
amended as, after the 4th of Maich, 1845, no per-
son shall hold the office of President of the Uni-
ted States longer than four years in any term of
eight years; which he also moved be read and
punted.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of a large
number of citizens of Erie county, New York,
ptaying that wheat may be imported from Can-
ada free of duly, for the purpose of being manu-
factured into flour and exported; which was re-
fetred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memonal from William Dickinson, of
the Territory of Wisconsin, asking remuneration
for losses sustained on contracts; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented three petitions from
citizens of Waiien, McLean, and Tazewell coun-
ties, Illinois, praying for the establishment of mail
routes; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr NICHOLAS presented a petition from
Samuel T. Harrison, piaying the refundment of
certain duties, which was refened to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred an act to incorpoiate
the Washington Manual Labor Society, repoi ted
the same without amendment.
Mr. BENTON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary Affans, to which was leferred a resolution
of the Senate malt uctmg them to inquire into the
propriety of making appropriation for defenses
on the northeastern fiontier, reported a bill for
the erection of certain military defenses in the
State of Maine; which was read, and ordered toa
second reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the le-
lief of George G. Johnston, reported it without
amendment, and with a recommendation against
its passage.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was refened a memonal
of Henry Hall Sherwood, on the subject of elec-
tro-magnetism, made arepoit thereon; which was
read, and five thousand extra copies of the report
and memorial ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. KING, on leave, and in pursuance of no-
tice given, introduced a bill for the relief of John
H. Jacobs; which was read a first and second
time, and ordeied to be engrossed for a thud
reading.
The bill to fix the minimum price of lands ac-
quired by Miami treaty of November 6, 1838;
The bill for the relief of Samuel Collins, and
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy;
were ordered to be engrossed for a thud reading.
JAIL IN WASHINGTON.
The bill for the erection of a jail in Washing-
ton county, District of Columbia, was taken up
for consideration, and several amendments pro-
posed by Mr. BAYARD were adopted.
Mr. NILES offered a substitute for the bill;
which, after some remarks from Messrs. BAY-
ARD, NILES, and ALLEN, was rejected—ayes
5, noes 24.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading—ayes 19, noes 14.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were severally read a third
time and passed:
The act to authoiize the selection of lands for
the benefit of the University of Michigan, instead
of other lands heretofore selected, and for other
purposes;
The act to amend the judicial system of the
United States;
The act to repeal certain acts in respect to Navy
pensions, and to make further provision in rela-
tion to Navy pensions;
The act granting to the Washington County
and St. Genevieve Railroad Company the right of
way through the public lands; and
The act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John J. Bulow—ayes 19, noes 16.
JOSEPH M. HERNANDEZ.
The act for the relief of Joseph M. Hernandez
was taken up for consideration; and, after being
discussed by Messrs. NILES, WRIGHT,
CRITTENDEN, and BAYARD, was amended
on motion of Mr. WRIGHT; and it was then
ordered to a third reading.
OPERATIONS OF THE MINT.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Revolved, That the Secretaryof the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate such mlormation as he may possess,
as to the following particulars
1   The amount of com made at the Mint, and the amount
at each of its branches, for one year preceding the first day
of February laot.
2   The amount ol bullion deposited at, or obtained for,
each establishment ior the same time.
3   The expense incurred in carrying on and in sustaining
each establishment during the same time.
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
The bill to prevent the interference of certain
Federal officers in elections was then taken «p,
and Mr. CALHOUN addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was then m-
foimally passed over
