18§&
SHE Cttl^l!ÉS5f¡0«AL ÚLOm.
mM
stated to be cutting timber therein, and ordering
a sufficient military force to proceed forthwith to
the place where these outrages are said to have
been committed, as well to repel foreign invasion
as to pi event illegal acts of her Majesty's subjects,
a draft oí militia fiom two brigades Upon receipt
of that pioelamation, the Governor of Mame or-
dered a reinforcement of five hundred armed men
to sustain the land agent's party in the discharge
of their duty, communicated the proclamation to
the Legislature, with a statement of what had
occuned, and also tiansmittmg a letter received
by him from Lieutenant Governor Harvey, in
which the latter asserted the right of exclusive
jurisdiction over the disputed territory, and in-
forming that he had instructions not to suffer any
interference with the possession or jurisdiction of that
territory, asking that the land agent's party may
be withdrawn, and adding that " he had directed
a strong force of hei Majesty's troops to be in
readiness to suppoit her Majesty's authority, and
protect her Majesty's subjects in the disputed
terntoiy, in the event of that request not being
immediately complied with " The Legislature
approved the Governor's course, and made a
large appropriation to enable him to carry it out.
The Governoi returned an answer to Sn John
Harvey, that he should not comply with his re-
quest, and that the land agent's party would not
be withdiawn, so long as he could find sufficient
force to maintain them there, and one thousand
men have already marched, and no doubt are at
this moment upon the disputed terutory, to sus-
tain the land agent, and to execute the laws of
their State, and, if attacked, may now be pouring
out their blood in defense of then country, and in
maintaining the lights and honoi of their State
The Governor has communicated all to the Pies-
ldent, and we may expect a message to monow,
informing us of the course he may think proper I
to pursue on this momentous question
Having stated the fact's, as Mr  W  believed
them to exist, he submitted to the Senate and to
the nation whethei the government or people of
Maine werejustlychaigeablo with adopting " vei y
hasty measures,"or" levying wai against a Power
in amity with the United States'" As to the idea
of the boundary question being in Maine a party
question, ora game to be won " by the side which
succeeds in dining the ball furthest," it was no
such thing     Although there are political parties
in Maine, they are extinguished upon this great, I
vital, and all-absorbing question of boundary, and )
the maintenance of the rights and honor of the j
State    On this question there is but one voice and
one determination, as well in the government as in i
the people of Maine, and that is, to maintain in-
violate he> whole feminity, and, before yielding to
the haughty demand of the Lieutenant Governor
of New Biunswick to withdiaw her land agent
and the force necessary to sustain him in the ex- ]
ecution of his duties, the best blood of her citi-
zens will be fiecly shed to repel invasion, and to
vindicate the lights of Maine and the honor of I
the nation
Mr "WALKER said that he was not at all sur-
prised at the couise of the paper alluded to on
this subject. It had but followed its instincts in
this matter In the difficulties with the Indians
it had advocated their pietensions in opposition
to the Government, in our difficulties with Prance
it was the French organ, in our dispute with Mex-
ico it was the Mexican organ, and in the piesent
difficulty it was very natural it should be the Brit- j
ish oigan. Whenever we have had difficulties
with a foreign Power, this paper was sure to be '
found advocating foreign mteiests
The PRESIDENT j  o tempore interposed, and ,
said there being no question before the Senate,
the remarks of the Senator were out of order
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, offered ]
some remarks on the subject of the difficulty on
the borders of Maine, and said that, as to the
question of the right of this country to the dis-
puted territory, there was not a shadow of doubt,
but advised calmness and deliberation in the con-
bideiation of the matter.    If, on a full and calm
consideration of the matter, an appeal to arms for ]
the protection and  defense  of our rights was
thought necessary, he would not be found falter- '•
ing.                                                                                 j
CITIZENS IN OREGON.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the bill to provide '
for the protection of the citizens of the United
States residing in the Oregon Territory, or trad-
ing on the Columbia river, was taken up, and,
after some remarks from Mr. L.,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill was re-
feired to the Committee on Foieign Relations
NAVY APPPROPRIATION BILL.
The Navy appropriation bill was then taken
up, and
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Maine, said he had an
amendment to offer;  but the chairman  of the
Naval Committee [Mr. Rives] not being in his
I   seat, he hoped the bill would be permitted to lay
over till to morrow.
Mr  WRIGHT gave notice that he would call
I   it up to-moirow at twelve o'clock
DAVID WALLER.
The bill granting a pension to David Waller
was oideied to be engrossed for a thud reading
CIRCUIT COURT IN THE DISTRICT.
The bill to explain and limit the powers of the
cncuit court of the District  of Columbia, was I,
talan up and ordered to be engiossed—yeas 24, '
nays 10, as follows:                                                     '
YDX*—Messr-   Allen, Benton, Brown, Clav of Ala
btnn, I ulton   Hubbard King, I inn, Lyon, Montón, Niell
ola*. Nib s, Norvill   Pu rce,  Roane    Robinson,  ¿evier,
^inith of ( onnecticut Strange, Will, Williams of Maine, j
Willnnis of Mississippi, Wright, and Young—21                j
NA YS—Messrs tiavird, Clayton D ivis. Foster, Knight, I
Prentiss   Pie^ton, fcwilt, Tailimdgc, and White—10
LAND CLAIMS IN MICHIGAN.                I
The bill to amend an act confirming certain
¡and claims in Michigan was,after some remaiks
fiom Mr LYON, ipad a second time, and oi-
deied to be engiossed for a thud reading
HEIRS OF PHILIP BARBER.                   |
The bill foi the lehef of the legil repiesenta-
tives of Philip Baiber, deceased, was, on motion
of Mr WALKER, aftei  some remaiks, mdefi- i
nitely postponed.
The bill to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the attorreys of peisonsm whose I
favor awaids have been made by the corarais- 1
sioners under the seveial tieaties with foreign j
Powers, was read a second time, and consideicd |.
as in Committee of the Whole, and ordeied to be
engrossed for a third reading.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS.
The bill to revive an act authonzmg certain
soldiers of the late war to sunender the bounty j
lands drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu I
theieof, was, aftei a brief explanation from Mi. I
FULTON, also oidered to be engrossed for aji
thud reading                                                                  \¡
JT. AJND W. BEESON.                             '
The bill for the relief of J and W Beeson and
otheis was also considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and oidered to be engiossed for a]
thud reading
On motion of Mr CLAY, of Alabama, the I
Senate adjourned                                                         I
-------------------------------------                      I
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES          '
Monday, Februmy 25, 1839                     u
The regular business of the day being the call I
for resolutions,
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of calling the commit-
tees for reports, and proceeding with the public
business                                                                         I
!
AMEÍíDJIENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.        |,
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to present the fol-
lowing resolution, which was lead for mfoim- j
ation:                                                                             '
Resohed by the Senate and House of Reprcsentahi es in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of both Houses concuiring
therein,) That the following amendments to the Constltu
lion of the United States be proposed to the «< vcral tames
of the Union, winch, when latlfled by three louiths of the I
Legislatures ot said States, shall become and be a part of |
the Constitution of the United States                                 ,
First  1 rom and alter the 4th day of Julv, 1842, there   I
shall be, throughout the United States, no hereditary «It
very , but, on and after that day, every child born within
the United States, their Territories or jurisdiction, shall be ¡
born free
Second   With the exception of the Territory of Florid l,
there shall henceforth nevi r be admitted into this Union   I
any State, the constitution of which shall tolerate \i ithin
the same the existence oí slavery                                      I
Third   From and after the 4th of July, 1845, there shall
be neither slavery nor slave trade at the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States.
Objection having been made,
Mr A. proceeded to state that he had in his
possession a petition which he desired to present,
and on which these resolutions were founded. It
was a petition from John Jay and foity-three
most respectable citizens of the city of No w York.
[Mr. A. was here interrupted by cries of
"Order'"]                                              '
The SPEAKER having decided that the mo-
tion to suspend the rule must first be disposed of,
Mr. ADAMS did not press the motion fuither
at this time.
The question having been taken on the motion
of Mi   Cambreleng, the rules were suspended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee of
Claims, made a report against the petition of
James Young.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the same committee,
made a report upon the petition of Joseph H.
Walters; and the same was referred to the Secre-
tary of War.
Also, reported bills for the relief of Daniel
Steemod and William P. Rathbone
Mr. CHAMBERS, Irom the same committee,
made a repoit against the petition of William
Thomas.
Mi. CUSHMAN.from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making appropriations for
repairing certain public works.
Mr GIDDINGS, from the committee of
Claims, made a report against the petitions of
John M  Pounds and William H. Spiller.
Also, íeported Senate bill, with amendments,
for the relief of Gad Humphreys, of the Terri-
tory of Florida
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the Committee em
Commerce, reported, withoutamendment,Senate
bill for the relief of Elisha Eldndge.
Also, a bill explanatory of an act entitled " An
act making nppropnations for building light-
houses, light-boats, beacon lights, buoys," and
making smveys for the year 1838, passed 7th
July, 1838
Mi CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, Senate bills
authonzing the relinquishment of the ¡sixteenth
sections granted foi the use of schools, and the
entry of other lands in lieu thereof, and authorize
certain certificates of deposit to be canceled and
reissued, which last mentioned bill was lead the
thud time and passed.
Mi. CHAPMAN, fiom the Committee on Pub*
he Lands, repoited, with amendments, Senate
bill for the relief of certain settlers on the pabilo
lands who were deprived of the benefits of the
act gianting preemption rights, which was ap-
proved on the 19th of May, 1834.
Some debate followed, (duected to the ques-
tion of engrossment oi commitment,) in which
Messrs LINCOLN,CHAPMAN,WILLIAMS
of North Carolmi, and CRABB participated.
When, on motion of Mi WILLIAMS, of
North Carolina, the bill (ayes 82, noes 54) waa
laid on the table
Mr LOOVIIS, from the same committee, re-
ported, with amendment, Senate bill to authorize
John E Metcalfand others to locate certain pre-
emption claims to land in Indiana.
Also, made a repoit on the subject of securing
to actual settle! s on public lands the right of pre-
emption to their own improvements, when offered
for sale, in pieference to others, accompanied by
a bill for that puipose
Also, lepoitcd a bill authonzing the issuing of
land  sciip to satisfy military bounty land war
íants
Mr BOULDIN, from the Committee for the
Distnct of Columbia, íeported, without amend-
ment, Senate bill supplemental to the act gi anting
ceitam city lots to the corpoiation of the Colum-
bia College, for the purposes therein mentioned,
appioved 14th July, 1832
This bill was read the third time and passed.
Mi TOUCEY, fiom the Committee on the
Judicial y, it ported, without amendment, Senate
bill to prevent the abatement of suits and actions
now pending, in which the Bank of Columbia,
in Gcoigttoun, may be a party; which bill was
read the third time and passed
Mr T. also, fiom the same committee, reported
an amendatory bill to authorize the circuit com Is
