1839,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

word, but for the peculiar relation in which he
stood to the question under consideration. He
regarded the question of more importance than it
might at first appear to possess. The proposition
was, in his mind, an insidious one, and wore the
"ear-mark" (to use the language of a friend of
his) of the party, and system of the party, whence
it came; and he would show that it sprung from
the very source from which such a motion should.
The proposition to strike out all appropriations
for the branch mints in the South, he would show,
sprung from one who stood in need of a "straight
jacket" by far more than did those who voted to
establish the mints, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had denounced all who voted for that
bill as such. Now, sir, what does the member
ask by the proposition ? To stop all appropria-
tions for the southern mints, and, consequently,
by this indirect blow, strike them down, after
having;, in the short space of six months, been
established, without giving them the least trial to
test their utility; and this he would have us do
without furnishing one single additional fact more
than was known at their establishment. Not a
single new fact has he presented to justify this
House in striking down those institutions which,
but a few years ago, were established by a vote
of 115 to 60, lacking five only of being two to
one. Does the gentleman think that there is so
much stupidity in this House to do such a thing,
in absence of additional evidence of the impolicy
of the erection of those institutions? Were we
to do it, we should truly deserve the epithets that
the member, iñ his assumed wisdom, has applied
to us. Before we attempt such a thing, why did
not the gentleman make proper calls on the De-
partment for all the information necessary to
justify the voting for such a proposition? Sir,
does he think, by such " lunatics," to adopt such
a proposition, without these necessary and usual
calls? And to require the House to do such an
act, shows much more clearly that he himself
stands more in want of a " straight jacket" than
others.
That this is an insidious attack is evident, in
my mind, beca*use it comes directly from a source
that is the natural enemy to everything that is
connected with a money currency for the use of
the laboring, productive people of this country,
who live by industry and labor, and not by their
corporate pri vilegesand righ ts exclusively to issue
paper in the name of money for the use of the peo-
ple, and often without a particle of intrinsic value
attached to it. It is this stuff tha.t it is wished,
by these privileged orders, to pass instead of
money, and upon their credit and promises, as
often as they choose to break them. It is for
Buch stuff th&t they wish the people to work and
labor, and with which they would buytlie prod-
uce of our industry. This step is one of their
old tricks again; it is a piece of that old craft fam-
ily, that have been the curse of every age, to get
produce and labor without returning for it a val-
uable consideration.
Yes, sir; paper money is the natural enemy of
labor, industry, and every species of produce and
agriculture. Those mints were established for
the especial benefit of the laborer and productive
industry, and to aid in establishing for them, as
far as they could effect it, a currency founded on
a valuable consideration, and not subject to eter-
nal fluctuation and depreciation; and for this
cause alone have they become an "eye sore,"
and are so bitterly denounced by the friends of
this non-productive, non-laboring party, who
have been so long wont to live upon their incor-
porate privileges, and eat the bread of idleness.
Yes, sir; for this reason will those institutions
ever be opposed by the drones of this consump-
tive, non-productive party. The member wants
the laborers who make this gold to go to Phila-
delphia to get their money coined; to pay their
own expenses from the backwoods of North Car-
olina and Georgia, and the whole West and
South, to the great Mecca of the paper currency,
to get the stamp of the holy father before they
can use their money, or be under the necessity of
selling to speculators at from ten to fifteen per
cent.; men sent on there by his holiness, or some
of his stockjobbing junto at the capital of the
holy land. Does the gentleman think that the
honest laborer will not see through all this craft,
and I like to have said folly, for such it is in fact,
as much wisdom as the gentleman may think
there is in it ? By keeping up these mints and
carrying on your coinage among the people, this
gold and silver, much of it, indeed, would be
left with the people who make and use it; but
carry it to Philadelphia, and your bank will do,
what it ever has done, seize on every dollar of it
that it can, and substitute for it its own paper and
promises to pay.
Again, I have no idea of any one place monop-
olizing the coinage of money, or any other thing.
I am against all such exclusive privileges in a
free country; and there are considerations, most
powerful in my mind, of this character, that will
induce me to vote against the novel and unpre-
cedented motion to cut down those institutions.
Let gentlemen alone, and they would have us
to go to this Mecca of paper promises, for our
apparel, our rights—and some would have gone
there for our political opinions, our morals, re-
ligion, and manners even. Sir, we are hardly to
be considered " decent," unless we-have visited
this holy father, and dipped our corrupted hands
in his sacred fountain. No man possesses learn-
ing, or intelligence—is a scholar, or an orator,
unless he has the certificate from this capital of
exclusive privileges. All is vulgar, but what is
sanctioned by their criticism. But it does not
stop here; they have assumed, assumed, sir, even
to decide who are to be considered gentlemen,
and to be worthy of notice. Such is the prepos-
terous arrogance of these advocates of exclusive
privileges. The very idea is not more insulting
than disgusting, as you pursue it.
I am sorry that the conduct of the Governor of j
North Carolina has been quoted by this party,
to justify them in their striking down those in-
stitutions. It was but what might have bee** ex-
pected, however, from the contents of his mes-
sage to the last Legislature.
Sir, it was well calculated to aid and excite the
enemies of that State to strike at her most favor-
ite institution, and prostrate her dearest interest,
as a Democratic republican produclive State. I
protest, however, against his views in relation to
tins subject being taken here as evidence of those
of a majority of that patriotic State. Sir, it was
not the only question that the Governor did not
speak out on before the last election, in which he
succeeded in that State. Yes, sir, it is believed
by many that he purposely concealed his opinions
on many other subjects, until he had succeeded
in his election. Yes, sir, and by this means a
deception was practiced on that too-confiding
people, the like of which never had been before
played on them by any man or set of men; and,
sir, the people of that high and patriotic State
will feel humiliated when they learn, by such a
message, their Governor had become a favorite
and a subject of eulogy by an Antimasonic Abo-
litionist of this House, and that his principles
find favor alone with such, and those who would
give them indirect aid here. Long, long should
that abused people remember the evidences this
day elicited in this House of the conduct and
principles of their Governor. But he has got
from them his all; he never will dare to appear
before them again. Upon this subject I am re-
sponsible, sir, for what i speak, here or elsewhere.
I regret, deeply regret, having the conduct of the
Governor of the State that I represent, in part,
thrown in my teeth here from such a source.
Soon may we expect the conduct of some of the
Abolitionists from the same State thrown at us
here, as evidence against us, as to the triumphant
progress of their blood y and assassin-like schemes
to the South. I feel humbled at such a state of
things, coming from whatever quarter it may.
The member from Pennsylvania has dwelt
much on the " gold humbug," the "gold hum-
bug" used by the Democratic party for mere de-
ception, to gull and dupe and delude the people.
Now, sir, in this the member is guilty of the error
of his whole party. They give the strongest ev-
idence against themselves. If the attempt to place
our currency upon a specie basis, and make it a
permanent one, for the benefit of the productive
and laboring interests, to thwart the views of
speculators, bankers, and stockjobbers—if it all
was a mere " humbug," I say, sir, why these
mighty, these Herculean, these dying struggles,
made in every section of your country, both in
and out of this House, to prevent it ? Why those
indefatigable efforts, here and elsewhere, to th wart
it, to impede it, and strangle it at every step that
is taken on that subject? Do those deathlike ef-
forts alone not give the most palpable and incon-
trovertible contradiction to ail their ideas of its
being a "humbug?" Could anything afford a
more clear demonstration of their belief of its
being no « humbug," than such solicitude and in-
defatigable efforts on their part to resist it? Is
this evidence not clear of the grossest attempt on
their part to practice a deception on the people,
and make them believe what their every act fur-
nishes the most clear demonstration that they <to
not themselves ?
Mr. THOMPSON regarded the establishment
of these mints as an extraordinary piece of legis-
lation. The establishing these branch mints in
the places where located was novel and unprece-
dented. There was no practical necessity for
them; and, as a southern man and patriot, he
deprecated the practice of digging gold from the
bowels of the earth; that it had desolated and
ruined every country that ever undertook to carry
on this species of mining.' Could he prevent it,
he never would have another dollar dug. Mr.
T. concluded at the suggestion of
Mr. HOWARD, who stated to the committee
that a message from the President of the United
States, of an important character, was now in
waiting, and hoped the committee would rise, to
enable the House to receive the same, and have
it referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The committee, at this suggestion, accordingly
rose, and reported progress.
MAINE BOUNDARY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States in
relation to the difficulties on the Maine frontier,
accompanied by voluminous documents from the
Governor of Maine; also, communications from
the Secretary of State to Mr. Fox,.the British
Minister, and his replies thereto.
Mr. HOWARD moved that the message and
accompanying documents be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and be printed; and
that the committee have liberty to sit during the
sittings of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON moved the printing of twen-
ty thousand extra copies; and supported the mo-
tion by a speech, in which he highly commended
the message; and which, together with the rest
of this highly interesting debate, will be given
hereafter.
Mr. PEARCE, of Maryland, briefly replied to
some remarks of Mr. Thompson, which lie con-
sidered as rejecting, in an offensive manner, upon
the House.
Mr. THOMPSON explained.
Mr. EVANS, of Maine, followed in a long and
very animated speech, in which he gave a full his-
tory of the present difficulty in that State frbnvits
origin; stated minutely its present condition; com-
mented with some severity on the neglect which
had been shown by .the General Government to
the oft-repeated representations of that State, in
which the present crisis had been represented as
inevitable; and insisted that it was evident, from
the whole tone of the message, that the urgency
of the case was not appreciated.
Mr. HOWARD remonstrated against thiscrim-
ination of the Government as necessarily leading
to a defensive reply, and thus tending to withdraw
the attention of the House to a collateral subject,
and diverting it from the deeply interesting sub-
ject of the message.
Mr. EVANS proceeded some time longer; and
when he sat down,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved the previous question.
[Loud cries of "No, no!" " Withdrawal with-
draw it!" from all parts of the House.]
Mr. PETRIKIN withdrew his motion.
Mr. ADAMS then addressed the House indors-
ing fully the speech of Mr. Evans, but suggest-
ing a constitutional difficulty in relation to the
advice of the President to the Governor of Maine
to enter into an explanation and accommodation
with the Governor of New Brunswick, &c, as a
thing which the Governor of a State was not au-
thorized to do; and expressed his hope that an
agent of the Government would be appointed to
manage such an arrangement, should it take place,
&c.
Mr. CRARY moved the previous question.
Mr. LINCOLN requested him to withdraw the
motion, but he refused to comply.
