1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
fire-proof building for the use of the General Post
Office Department.
A letter from the Postmaster General, showing
the necessity of this building, having been read,
Mr. THOMAS said that this was not a time
to entei into a debate, and if the occasion justified
it he was not disposed to do so. He would say
that he was satisfied in his own mind that this
building ought to be of marble, large quantities
of which were to be found m Washington county,
Maryland, near the line of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal, m Baltimore county, in the same
State; in Pennsylvania, and in other parts of the
United States. He had taken some pains to as-
certain the character of the marble in Washing-
ton county. Several years ago he had prevailed
upon the Committee on Public Buildings to send
into that county a statuary who bad worked in
the marbles of Italy, to examine these quarries.
That gentleman stated, on his return, that marble
in large quantities could be had in Washington
county, equal, and some of it supenor in quality
to the most celebrated marble of Italy Mr T
had been called upon by a committee of the work-
men now engaged on the Treasury building, and
fiom them he had received information leading
his mind to the conclusion that maible would cost
less than split granite, and no one would deny
but that it would be more beautiful to the eye, in
a public building, than the sandstone used in the
Presidential Mansion and this Capitol. This
being the case, he dcsned to see the building for
the Post office department constructed of marble.
But he did not propose, in this bill, to make it
rmpeiative on the architect to use that matenal
He desired to avoid debate, and, with that view,
pioposed to tiust the President of the United
States in this matter. lie could profit by the
information which had been and could be col-
lected, and would sekct the best material, having
a due regard to economy.
Mi. LINCOLN, as one of the committee, ex-
pressed himself entirely content with the amend-
ment.
Mr. TALIAFERRO moved to amend the
amendment by stnkmgout, in the second section,
all after the words " Be it enacted,"and mseiting
a provision that the principal matenal of which
the exterior walls shall be constructed shall be the
same as that of the Piesident's House, Capitol,
&c, unless a cheaper and more suitable material
can be procured.
After a few words from Mr. McKAY, Mr.
TALIAFERRO withdrew his proposition.
Mr. LINCOLN stated some fact¡> in relation to
the injury done by absoiption in buildings con-
stiucted of freestone
Mr. WISE was opposed to leaving so wide a
discretion in the President, and desned that the
bill should state specifically the material, length,
breadth, cost, &c. He was in favoi of spending
any mount of money on the Capitol, for that was
the people's house. But the public buildings
should be merely fire pioof and capacious; he
wanted no maible palaces, such as the custom
house at New Yoik, to which Mr. W. referred
particularly. He desired that the subject should
be postponed until next session, when more de-
liberate action might be had.
Mr. W. heic took occasion to inquire from the
members of the Committee on the Post Office what
records had been lost and what destroyed at the
burning of the Post Office, &c , for he understood
that the Postmaster General could not or would
not furnish those who weie sued by the Govern-
ment with a statement of their accounts.
Mr. CONNOR íefeircd Mr. Wise to the report
made by the committee, m their investigation at
the time into the circumstances of the fire, and
which report contained an account of the books
saved.
Mr. WISE expressed his gratification that it
was so All he wished as to the public buildings
was, that they should be solid, substantial, and
of Republican simplicity.
Mr. LINCOLN urged the necessity of proceed-
ing immediately with the building, and alluded
to the constant exposure to which all the records
of the Department were hourly exposed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO made a few remarks ad-
dressed to the advantage of fieestoneover granite
on the score of economy.
Mi. WISE asked the gentleman from New
York [Mr Pratt] if there was not reason to be-
lieve that there were at present, or had been
very recently, the grossest frauds practiced by
the disbursing agents of the Government in erect-
ing public buildings here*
'Mr. PRATT said something in reply; but not
a word reached the ear of the reporter.
Mr. WISE íejomed, thatfrauds were going on
at the rate of seven or eight thousand dollars, in-
stead of seven or eight hundred, in buildings now
erecting He was determined, for his own part,
he would not appropriate another dollar until
tnese frauds were examined into. Before he voted
money for this building, he must know the di-
mensions, cost, &c, of the building.
Mr PRATT said, as one of the Committee on
Public Buildings, he had given the subject mature
consideiation. He had acted in the same mannei
as if he were acting for himself. He had con-
sideied the interests of the Government with the
same íeference to economy as if the expenditure
was to be made out of his own private pocket. It
was apparent to all that we needed a post office
building, as well to secure the public archives of
the country fiom the dangers of fire, as to sub-
serve the comfort of the Department, and to se-
cure the public interest. The Government is now
paying foi the building in use more than four
thousand dollars as lent. He considered it be-
neath the dignity of the American people to be
dnven to the necessity of lentmg brick, and even
combustible, buildings to canyon the opeiations
of the Government, and leave its valuable records
to the danger of fire. Prudence, if we have no
feeling of pride upon the subject, dictated a dif-
ferent couise But the only difference of opinion
seemed to be as to the material of which the build-
ing should be constiuctod. He hoped, for the
honor of his country, no mote sandstone would
be built by the Govei nment From his experience,
and fiom information furnished, the building
could be built of more durable matenal, say mar-
ble or gianitt, at much less cost than this sand-
stone, which is of such a nature that, without it
be satuiated with paint, at an enormous expense,
every two or three years, it would crumble into
dust We already see some parts of the Capitol
veiy much impaired by the action of the weather.
But the gieatest objection is that this sandstone
absorbs so much water that the buildings cannot
be kept in a fit condition to preserve the public
records. Therefore, having a view to public econ-
omy, and the duiabihty of this building, I do
hope that maible or granite will be adopted. He
hoped the appropriation would be made imme-
diately, as we have bi ought many mechanics here,
and thought it the duty of the Government to
keep them employed. Some gentleman had called
for an estimate He would furnish the one handed
to the committee by the architect:
2 500 perches of foundation stone, (laid,) at §4 .. §10 000
4,8o0.000 bricks, (laid in wall? and arches,) at $20..    97,000
9,000 tons of granite, at $3   ........         .......    43,000
Working the same, say 60,000 feet, at 30 cents ..   24,000
Setting cut «tone..........        .............     9,000
nagging corridors, S*c , with stone...........     5,000
Extra work on portico and steps ...........     8,000
Put stone work inside     .....................    10,000
Carpenter's work, roof, centering, windows, and
doors.....................................    15,000
Blacksmith's work.........         ..            .      4,000
Plumber's work, coppering roof, &c.............     9,000
Painters and glaziers, and glass..................     4,500
Plasterers'work...........................    10,000
Finishing to sub basement or cellars    ,        .....     2,500
Building privies, inclosing lot, &c ..............     6,000
Contingencies, superintendence, &c..........   21,000
Total...................................8280,000
The debate was further continued (about the
material for the new Post Office) by Messrs.
BANKS, MERCER, and PRATT, when the
amendment was agreed tc.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved a further amendment,
limiting the whole expenditure for the Post Office
building to #150,000
Mr. NAYLOR opposed this amendment as
precipitate.
Mr. PETRIKIN inquired what was the esti-
mate for the whole expense'
Mr. LINCOLN explained, and concluded by
stating that the probable cost would not exceed,
m all, #250,000.
Mr. PETRIKIN thereupon modified his amend-
ment, so as to fix that sum as a maximum
After a remonstrance by Messrs. CAMBRE-
LENG, and JOHNSON of Maryland, against
further delay,
The question was taken; and the- amendment
rejected.
After further conversation between Messrs.
WISE and PRATT,
Mr. RENCHER moved an amendment pro-
viding that no more than one architect should be
employed.
The count being made on its adoption, the com-
mittee was found to be without a quorum.
After various motions, the committee rose, and"
reported that fact to the House.
A call of the House was moved, and negatived
—yeas 53, nays 80, when,
A quoium being present, Mr Ingham resumed
the chau of the Committee of the Whole,
And the amendment of Mr. Rencher was
adopted.
FRONTIER MILITARY WORKS.
On motion of Mr EVANS, the committee took
up a bill for the erection of military works on our
northeastern frontier, (it appiopnates to that ob-
ject $100,000 )
Mi. JOH1NS0N, of Maryland, inquned what
was meant by the phrase " mihtaryworks"mthe
bill'
Mi. MtKAY, chau man of the Committee on
Military Affans, explained the grounds of the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON then went at length into a
speech in favor of the erection of a United States
armory for the founding of cannon, in which he
dwelt with great earnestness on the unprovided
state of our fortifications, and uiged the necessity
of measu res to arm them, as well on the «ea-boara
as on our inland frontiers. He quoted the report
of the Ordnance Buieau, from which it appeared
that one thousand one hundred and seventy-eight
guns were needed to man new forts already erect-
ed, two thousand five bundled and seventy-eight
for works in process of constiuction, seven hun-
dred and eighty-two foi forts now rebuilding,
thiee thousand six hundred and six for other
works, piojected but not yet commenced; making
in all thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty
pieces of ordnance, exclusiveof what were needed
for the Navy.
He then stated the guns now on hand, which
were one thousand heavy cannon and mortars,
not much more than half of which were fit for
use, nine hundred and thirty-five in forts, one
thousand two hundred and nineteen in depot, owe
hundred and fifty under contract to be cast; malt-
ing in all two thousand three hundred and four;
thus leaving a deficit of eleven thousand and sev-
enteen pieces, aside from the Navy and field trams.
He stated the condition of theguns now mount-
ed in our forts, the want of new mortars similar
to those used by the French in the late siege and
demolition of the castle of St Juan d'Ulloa, in
Mexico, and the introduction of similar mortars
into the British service He then quoted the rec-
ommendations of an armory by various Presi-
dents, and urged the measure with much zeal
Mr CAMBRELENG moved for the rising of
the committee, which motion prevailing, the com-
mittee thereupon rose,and reported the bills which
had been acted upon to the House; which,at about
half past eleven, thereupon adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28, 1839
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted a
communication fiom the Secretaiy of War, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
12th instant, in relation to the mode of furnish-
ing supplies for the Indian Department; which
was laid on the table and ordcied to be printed.
Aiso, a communication from the Secretary of
Wai, transmitting a communication fiom the
Commissioner of Indian AlTaiis, íelative to the
number and description of persons employed aa
agents by the Indian Office; which was ¡aid on.
the table andordeied to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
paitment, m answci to a resolution of the Senate
of the 21st instant, which was laid on the table
and oideied to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, m íolation to the operations of the
branch mints; which was laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
