218                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                       February 28,
the purpose of intercepting, seizing, and selling, the timber
which has been cut, is no sufficient satisfaction to the State
of Maine, which may desire to preserve its own timber,
whilst it argues such remissness on the part of the British
authorities over their own people as might well have m
duced the State of Maine to enforce her own laws. If the
committee are right m the view which they have taken of
the airangementbetween the United States and Great lint-
am, there is nothing m it to impair, but, on the contrary,
everything to ratify, the jurisdiction of Maine over that
part of her territory where it had long been familiar; and
the interference of ihe Lieutenant Governor of New Bi uns
wick is a violation of the existing understanding In the
first proceeding ot Maine, the torce sent to arrest or drive
off the numerous and armed bands of trespassers who
were depredating upon the public property, appears to have
been in the nature of a civil process, in execution of the
law of the land. The power ot a ministerial officer, (such
as a sheriff, for example,) to compel obedience to ihe law,
and to summon to his aid a ¡sufficient portion of the" power
of the country" to subdue opposition, is welt known both
to American and British jurisprudence, and is sanctioned
by early laws m the history ot England. The riotous and
desperate character of the marauders upon the Aroostook
is sufficiently manilested by the lact ot their breaking open
an arsenal upon the British tt rritory, m order to supply
themselves with an additional quantity ot arms to enable
them to resist and repel the party which wa^ appioaelung,
under a civil officer, to require submission to Ihe laws.
The proclamation of the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick was issued before any steps were taken by
Maine to sustain the civil by the imhtaiv power, and was
directed against the interference of the ministerial officer ol
the law, acting in strict conformity with what ire believed
to be fundamental principles of Bnti-.li as well as Amen
can law. The first appeal to military force was made by
him, and the subsequent proceeding ot M.nm are defens-
ive merely. The pretension ot the Lieutenant Governor
of New Brunswick excludes theuvil as well astheinih
tary power of Maine ami the Uniti d Man s from infei fering
to preserve order in this neat of the ancient jurisdiction ot
Massachusetts ; and would compel the United St ites and
Maine to rely upon the justice, tin vigilance, 01 the genei-
osity of the Ilriti0h authorities for the miañen mee oí pood
Older and the cnfoicement of the laws, in a country whore
nothing but a naked claim can be said to exist upon the
part of the British Government, it demands oí Mame that
she should divest herself ol a jurisdiction practically estab-
lished nnd ascertained, and transfer it to Great Britain It
demands of the United States that an arrangement, alleged
to have been made between the two Governments, of the
existunee of which the Umti d States are unconscious,
should he summarily carried out, according to the construc-
tion which one of the parties is said to have placed upon
it, and without giving to the other partv an opportunity to
contest such construction. It is difficult, m the opinion of
the committee, to believe that the Government ot Great
Britain maintains such an interpretation of that arrange
roent, and thus converts what was intended for the preser-
vation of friendly teelings into a source of great and instant
discord. But the asseition of the Lit iltenant Governoi of
New Brunswtí k 1ms been twice officially, deliberately, and
publicly made, that he is acting under ihe instructions ol
his Government; a fact of wlm h he and his Goveinuii i,t
can be the only nidges The exei ution of these orders is
incompatible with the honor of the I'mud States Tin
executive branch of the Government has expressed this
opinion, and m this opinion the tonmntfto fully concur
The sudden i xectiiion ot iliese ordeis tniv hi in* on a (nsis
for which as much prepirition ought to be m ufe as the
short tune remaining of the present session of UongressyviH
permit; and tin hill ivhii ii is herewith submitted is intend* d
to accomplish (hat pmpose
The committee refer wnh much pleasure (o the efforts
which Imvi been made tiv the Briu h Mtnt-tci at Wash
ington, evidenced hv the mcmonndlim of a i (inference he
tiveen him and the Secretary of St ite, fo avc rt the cm nts
Which seem tobe appron lung if ihe lamo n.tnt Govi mor
of New Brunswick shall desist ftom anv attempt to take or
hold miitfiry possession of the xx hole of the disputi (| tern
tory, if will he easy to restore things lo their fortín r condi
tmn. ft he shall doti rmine to suspend further mow mi tits
until the decision of the Hinish Govt rnment be known, it
wdf be tor tint Government to si\ what shall he tlu poht
leal relations between the United Stales and Great Hnliin ;
whether the friendship which now so happdv piivulsbc
tween the two nations, for the jiresei vition of which tlu
essential interests of both loudly e ill, slnll lu su<l([en!\ mil
rudely broken by assuming a principle as a ground of actum
to which the United States cannot submit
The commiute cannot hut entettml the hope th it no
precipitate counsels on the pirt of ihe in< utenant Governor
of New Bimiswiek will depme the Governmi nt of Great
lintatu of an opportunity of expi lining, hi fore anv more
serious difficulties shall hive oceiirnt!, orders which be is
believed to have misunderstood In this event, all nlimi
díate difficulties will disappear The insuperable objection
to the military occupation oithe disputed terntori In Grout
Britain requires, in common fairness, that no ittempt ot the
Kind should be made bv Maine or [lie Cnm d "stiles Hav-
ing accomplished her intention of driving off or arrest ng
the trespassers upon the Aroostook, and thus , nfou nig her
laws, Maine will, it is not to be doubled, he satisfied with
this vindication of her sovereignty, and withdraw the mill
tary force which is nowm arms to srt-nin the civil author-
i"y and repel invasion A coicmporimeous cessation of
measures by Maine and New Brunswick will eomprnmit
the honor of neither; aud time will thus be afforded f<u the
British Government to select the position which it intends
to occupy in the relations between it and the United States
ft any motive were necessary to induce Maine to adopt a
course so manifestly proper, it would be found m the prompt
response oi the Executive of the United States to the app< al
raido to it at the present crisis, and the jealous sensibility
which has been manifested lor the protection ofhei rights,
by spreading oyer them the ample powers of the Federal
Union.
The committee ought, perhaps, here to close ¡his report.
But the anxiety which they feel that no measure should be
left unemployed to preserve the peace between the United
States and Great Britain, by removing, not only temporarily
but peimanently, the causes of discontent between them,
induces them to offer another recommendation to the
House. It is, the expiession of an opinion by the House,
sustained by a legislative provision, that a special embassy
should be sent to England, for the purpose of cooperating
with the resident Minister there, m endeavoring to adjust
this long-pending controversy. The precedents for this
measure m our history are numerous and encouraging.
The object of such an embassy is, to express a deep con-
viction on the part of the Government of the extreme ur-
gency of the case, and the absolute necessity of adjusting
existing difficulties. The ordinary forms ol negotiation ap-
pear insufficient to rouse the British Government to the
danger that the two nations may find themselves involved
in war, notwithstanding the desire of the Governments of
both to avoid it, and the step proposed would manifest to
the world, at all events, tint the United States are sincerely
anxious to exert every means in their power to maintain
the most amicable relations with a Government and people,
so eminently entitled to the respect and regard oi every
civilized nation on the globe
The committee are conscious that some of the provisions
of the bill herewith reported would more properly have
email itid from some of the other committees of the House,
upon whose jurisdiction they are reluctant to encroach ;
but the lew days which lemain of this ses-ion would not
h ive permuted any delay, with a view of referring these
subjects to other committees, with the slightest hope of ob-
taining any action on the part of the House. They submit
the whole matter, therefore, as the result of their anxious
refh c tions, to the better judgment of the House
The following bill was also reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations:
A bill giving to the President of the United States additional
powers for the defense ot the United States, in ceitam
eases, against invasion, ^nd for oth< i puiposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rc¡  esentahves
I   of the Cmlcd states of ¿linei lea in Congress assembled, That
the I'n sltii ut of the IJnilid States be. and he hen by is,
authorized to resistan} attempt on the part of Great Britain   |
to enforce, by arms, her claim to exclusive jurisdiction over
that pan of the State ol Maine which is in dispute between ¡
lile United States and Great Brit un ; anil, for that purpose,
to employ the nav d and nnlitaiy forces of the United States
and such portions ol the militia as he may deem it advisable
to call into sor\i< e
See. 2. Jlnd be it furthei enacted, That, m the event of
actual invasion of the terntoiy ot the Unitt d States by any
foteign Power, or of imminent danger of such invasion dis
covi ml, in his opinion, to exist, before Congress can he
convened to act upon the subiect, the President ot the Uni-
ted Mates be, and he hereby is, authoiized, in addition to
tlu present military establishment ot the United States, to
raise a provstonu! lolce, to he enlisted tor live years, or
during the continuance of hostilities with any foreign Pow-
ei, not exceeding one regiment ol diagoons, one regiment
of artillery, two regiments of riflemen, and sixteen regum nts
of luluntiy, to be orgam/.ed, III all lespccts, like the eono-
sponding r< gum nts now in service, and, also, to appoint
not ixinding one in ijor general, four brigadiers gfneral,
and not exeweding one suigeon and one assistant surgeon 1
for each new n gum ill, the icgimental general, and med- I
li al othci rs to be subpet lo the same liyvs and rules, and
to he entitled lo the same hi ni Ills, of ev< ry kind, Willi the   I
like coips and otliee'is now in servue; and it shall be the   j
dutj ol the Presidio! to dlsi barge the troops whnh may be
i.ustii by virtue ot this at t, ivhenevi r the occasion for them,
I ns ilefim d hv this act, shall cease to exist.
I     Si <. ,1   And be it /mtlier minted, Tli.lt, in the event of
I cithet ol the contingent íes provided in the first section of
this a< t, tin IVsidcutof ihe Urnti d States shall be author-
i/id to eoiuph le ihe public ann< d vessels now authorized
i bv liyv, and to equip, nun, and unploy in actual service all
lili naval lorei oi the United States.
¡'     Sli   4  ¿hid I r. it /urt/ier enacted, That the sum of---------
, millions of doll trs is hereby appiopnated and placed at his
I   disposal loi the puipost ot < xt ruling the piovisions ot this   !
j ael, to provide for which the ftecrctarv ot the Treasury is !
authoii/id to borrow money on the credit of the United I
Stati s, and to cause to be issued certificates ot slock signed 1
1 b) flic lit gisti i of the Treasury lor the sum to be borrow ed i
or ait) p ti t ¡hen of, and the s UnL to be sold upon the best j
terms that may he offered, after public notice lor proposals !
lor tlie same Piourieil, That no engigement or contract1,
shall  be i ntered  into, yvhich shall  preclude the United;'
I Vitt s ¡ion! leimbiirsing any sum or sums thus borrowed, i
j aitirtho expiration ot hve years from the 1st of January M
next, and tlia' the rate ot interest shall not exceed five per , ¡
<eiil , payable semi-annually.                                                   lj
I tei ' . o. And be it f in titer enai ted, Thatthe«umof $18,000 l>
be .mil the saint is hereby appropriated, out of any money ,i
m tin 'lrtdsuivnot otherwise appiopnated, for outfit and '\
1 si! try ot a spt cial Minister to Great Britain 1'joiuted, I
1 he Pie-ideiitot the United States shall deem it expedient j
lo appoint tin same                                                          |
I Mr. HO WARD said, in view of the condition '\
I of the public business, and the little time leftjt
them, he hoped, at piesent, anything like a gen- 'I
eral debate would be abstained from. His object ¡'
j was to have the bill referred to a Committee of,'
the whole on the state of the Union, and malee it j
the special order for to-moirow at ten o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS asked the committee to agree to 1
a small amendment m the leport. The report!
affirmed that the British Government had taken I
the ground of an agi cement that they should hold
exclusive jurisdiction over the disputed territory, j
Noxv, he did not andei stand that the British Gov- ¡1
ernment had taken that ground.    The provincial 11
governor had undoubtedly taken that ground, and
tested his defense upon it. If, therefore, in the
course of the negotiation upon this subject, there
was found clear and demonstrated proof that no
such agreement ever has been passed, which he
was well assured of, then the Governor of New
Brunswick had put himself, and, as far as possi-
ble, the Government of his country in the wrong
from the very first moment.
Mr. EVANS interposed. He said it was true
thatSir John Harvey asserts the existence of that
agreement as the basis upon which he proceeds
but then he adds that he acts by the express
commands of his Government, and that he holds
posttive orders from which he is not at liberty to
depart.
Mr. ADAMS so understood it; but that order
from his Government xvas founded upon his own
construction of what those orders were. Now,
the reason why he wished this alteiation made
was this: the Governor of New Brunswick had
assumed that ground for his Government. Mr.
A. said he had assumed it on his own responsi-
bility. The Governor affirmed that he had such
oiders, and that it was upon them that he acted.
Now, Mr. A. infeued, and was willing to leave
it to the British Government, and he was con-
vinced such xvould ultimately bo its declaration,
that Sir John Harvey had misunderstood his
orders; and it will say, " We do not assume, and
have not assumed, that principle." If, when
these matteis come before the British Govern-
ment, they should find a report of this House,
(on which was based the action of this House,)
assuming that that Government has taken the
ground which their subordinate officer affirms
they have taken, then they will so far redeem
that ground of right as to say to us, " Your pro-
ceedings have been too precipitate; you have as-
sumed that what our subordinate officer did,
under his own construction of his orders, was
our act." Now, the first and most important
thing in any controversy has in this case been
assumed by the Governor of New Brunswick, in
putting his own country in the wrong. Sir, I
want to keep them there; I want to give his Gov-
ernment an oppoitunity to say, "This gentle-
man, acting with the best intentions, and with an
ardent zeal" in my service, which I approve, has
mistaken the import of the orders I gave." if
you assume to make the British Government re-
sponsible beforehand for an assertion which an
inferior officer alone has made,but for which his
Govei nment is not yet responsible, then I say you
weaken the ground of right, to maintain which
this nation should go to death and destruction.
I repeat, that from the moment this correspond-
ence appeared, and from the moment that the
Governor of New Brunswick assumed this al-
leged agreement as a justification for his orders
and conduct, as he construes his oideis, I have
considered the case of the United States as tri-
umphant in advance; it has the right; and, with-
out quoting exactly what was said on another
occasion by one of the greatest observers of the
affaiis of mankind,
" Thrice is he armM that hath his quarrel just,"
I will say tin ice thtee times is he armed who hath
his quarrel just. The Governor of New Bruns-
wick, bythe position which he has assumed, has,
in fact, conceded the whole caus<- of quarrel be-
tween the two nations It will turn out, it must
turn out, that the British Govei nment can.bring
no proof of such an agreement; and they, having
no such proof to allege in the face of the world,
will say, " Our officer misunderstood our instruc-
tions; wc never assumed the principle; we disavow
it; and we are prepared to settle this quarrei on the
grounds of right and justice."
All I xvish to suggest to the committee and to
the House is, that a small alteration should be
made, that a word or two m the passages in which
it is affiimed that the British Government has
assumed this principle should be effaced, so as
not to make the British Government responsible
for the construction putupon their oiders,and to
give them an opportunity to disavow the con-
struction which their officer has set up.
Mr. LEGARE said he concuried in the views
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ad\xis,] and the more so because he (Mr. L.)
had the honor to urge the same views strenuously
in the committee this morning.    It was not from
