183$. %             ________Mfi CONGRESSIONAL gLOJÍE.                           .     ill
mere oversight that these words had been' in-
serted. His opinion had been thajt the. commit-
tee should take pains to separate the military
officer of New Brunswick from the Government
of Great Britain. He had said in committee,
and he had repeated here, that he did not think
the British Government ever thought of giving
such orders. He regarded it as impossible, look-
ing to the circumstances in Which Can'ada was
placed, that the Government of Great Britain
could, in this sudden, vtolent,and, he would add,
insolent manner, undertake to disturb our peace;
but (Mr. L. was understood to add) the com-
mittee were of opinion that this idea was not
involved.
Mr. HOWARDquoted the language of the par-
ticular passages of the report referred to by Mr.
Adams, (the precise words of which the reporter
is unable to give, not having the document before
him.) Mr. H. was desirous to make any amend-
ment to the report which might be considered
proper. We have not before us (said he) the
orders of the Governor of New Brunswick. He is
a very high officer, and intrusted with very great
power. The whole power of the British forces
throughout the Cañadas is understood tobe placed
at his disposal. He is therefore an officer whom
we should presume to be high in the confidence
of his Government; and, when we found him re-
asserting the same principle with which he Had
set ouf, we came to the conclusion that he Had
intelligence enough to understand his own orders,'
and that we were justified in supposing that such
were his orders, having no reason to judge other-
wise.
Mr. H. then alluded to the language of the letter
of Mr. Pox, in reference to the claim to exclusive
jurisdiction, as being a sufficient indication of the
interpretation put upon this matter by the British
Government; which language, added to the decla-
ration of this high functionary, the Governor of
New Brunswick, was the ground on which the
committee had proceeded.
Mr. H. would cheerfully agree, so far as he
was concerned, to any alteration which could
properly be made on the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, because he (Mr. H.)
felt assured that on the leading features of the
controversy they both thought alike. He was
gjad of that gentleman's supportin any cause, es-
pecially in such a cause as this. The report was
now in possession of the House; and if the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] would
take it and suggest any modification which might
seem proper to him, he (Mr. H.) would, for his
own part, cheerfully accept them, provided they
did not affect the essential parts of the report.
.Mr. ADAMS said he had not the slightest ob-
jection to any part of the report, except the few
words to which he had alluded, (and which he
specifically pointed out.) He reiterated his wish
that the British Government should be left at lib-
erty to disavow the act of the Governor of New
Brunswick, and to say that he misunderstood his
orders. Such Mr. A. believed to be the fact. He
believed, and there were undoubted evidences,
that not only the Governor of New Brunswick,
but the British Minister here, (the conduct of
which latter gentleman, in taking upon himself a
great responsibility to prevent impending extrem-
ities, Mr. A. regarded as of the most high and
honorable character,) had the impression fixed in
the strongest manner upon his mind that such an
agreement existed. (In proof of this position
Mr. A. alluded to the language quoted by Mr.
Howard from Mr, Fox's letter.) And yet, when
the existence of such an agreement was denied,
as it ought to be.in the most positive and explicit
terms, by the Secretary of State, the British Min-
ister, instead of producing evidence of that agree-
ment, said he would refer it to his Government.
If there was such an agreement, was it not in the
power of the Provincial Governor or the British
Minister here to haye produced it? And if it
had been produced, we must undoubtedly have
changed our ground. But from that very fact, Mr.
A. believed that both the Minister and the Gov-
ernor had misunderstood the matter, and had
imputed to their Government that which never
was intended, and he wished that, in every pro-
ceeding here, this House should do the British
Government the justice to suppose that their offi-
cers, both military and diplomatic, had misun-
derstood their views on this subject, and that the
Government would at once disavow what had
been imputed to them.
Mr. EVANS suggested, as an easy mode of
making any alterations that mightj.be advisable,
that the report should be printed under the su-
perintendence of the committee.
¡Mr. HOWARD accepted the suggestion, and
modified his motion accordingly.
And thereupon the bill and report were re-
ferred to the -Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, were made the special order
of the day for to-morrow, (Friday,) at eleven
o'clock, to take precedence oyer all other busi-
ness, and were ordered to be printed under the
superintendence of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved the
printing of twenty thousand extra copies of the
President's message, bill, report, documents, &c.
Mr. BRONSON had no objection to the print-
ing of any reasonable number, if it could be done
in reasonable time; but he understood they could
not be furnished till some time in October or No-
vember next.
Mr. LOOMIS said that by any time they
could be furnished they would be stale, and he
would move ten thousand.
Mr. JOHNSON thought they would be print-
ed in a few days; buthe accepted the amendment,
and, as modified, the motion was agreed to.
DEFENSE OF THE   COUNTRY.
Mr. BRONSON moved that the House go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order to consider the three following
bills:
House bill (No. 1097) making appropriations
for the defense of the northern and western fron-
tier;
House bill (No. 1169) for the erection of cer-
tain military works on the northeast frontier of
the United States; and
House bill (No. 1032) to provide for the estab-
lishment of a national foundery.
Mr. B., in support of the motion, said that, at
the present moment, the foregoing bills, relating
exclusively to the defense of the country, were
of the utmost importance, and he hoped the
House would agree to consider them.
The motion was disagreed to.
CENSUS  OF THE UNITED STATES.
The House then again went into committee,
(Mr. Sergeant in the chair,) and
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana,
the committee look up the bill pending for the
taking of the next census.
The bill having been read,
Mr. G. moved two additional sections;'which
were agreed to.
Various amendments were offered, and some
progress had been made in the bill, when, the
hour of three having arrived,
The House took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. THOMAS having moved a resolution for
the compensation of the investigating committee
in a manner corresponding to preceding practice
on that subject; which was agreed to—
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, made a statement in exculpation of that
committee for having refused to allow a certain
account presented to them by the chairman of the
investigating committee. The account amounted
to «2,726, for thirteen days' services in New
York.
The committee then returned to the consider-
ation of the
CENSUS BILL.
Mr. LOOMIS moved an amendment, proposing
to add certain items to the returns of the marshals
relating to the ages of unmarried persons. It
excited no little merriment in the committee, and
was rejected.
Mr. WISE made explanations in reply to those
of Mr. Morkis, and in defense of the investi-
gating committee.
Mr. McICAY moved to amend the bill by sub-
stituting the 1st of June for the 1st of January,
as the period for commencing the census. He
advocated the amendment at some length.
It was opposed by Mr. GARLAND, and ad-
vocated by Mr. TÍLLINGHAST, and negatived.
Mr. SLADE moved, art amendment proposing
a minute classification of the colored populatioa
as to age, &c; but it was rejected without a
count.
Mr. ADAMS insisted that the time heretofore
fixed for taking the census was too short, and
suggested to Mr. Garland to strike out six
months and insert twelve.
«Mr. GARLAND assented to the grounds of
Mr. Adams's objection, and moved to insert ten
months; which was agreed to.
Mr. G, proposed to increase the compensation,
of marshals employed in taking the census to $2
per hundred names.
Mr. DA VIES proposed $1 50; but it was neg-
atived, and the amendment of Mr. Garland was
agreed to,
Mr. GARLAND then moved to fill the blanks
in the compensation to marshals in the manner
following:
In Maine, #400; Massachusetts, |450; Rhode
Island, $250; Vermont, $400; Connecticut, #350;
New York, (southern district,) §450; (northern
district,) $450; New Jersey, $350;. Pennsylvania,
(eastern district,) $400; (western district,) $400;
Delaware, $225; Maryland, $450; Virginia, (east-
ern district,) $400; (western district,) $400; Ken-
tucky, $450; North Carolina, $450; South Caro-
lina, $450; Georgia, $450; Tennessee, (eastern,^
$275; (western,) $275; (middle,) $275; Ohio,
$500; Indiana, $450; Illinois, $300; Mississippi,
(northern,) $200; (southern,) $200; Louisiana,
$200; Alabama, (northern,) $200; (southern and
middle,) $300; District of Columbia, #150; Mich-
igan, $250; Arkansas, $250; Florida, (five dis-
tricts, $50 each,; Wisconsin, $250; Iowa, $2501
Mr. ADAMS suggested that a larger number
of copies of the returns should be printed, (the1
bill proposed one thousand copies,) and moved
five thousand. He supported the motion by dwell-
ing on the importance of the document, and tho
propriety of preserving it as an historical monu-
ment of the condition of the country.
Mr. NAYLOR suggested ten thousand copies.
Mr. ADAMS, after some hesitation, assented
to this, and modified his motion accordingly; and
it was finally agreed that ten thousand copies be
printed.
Mr. GRAVES objected to the allowance pro-
posed for the marshals of Tennessee, and moved
to reduce it to $175 for each of the three districts.
On this motion he went at larg_e into a speech on
the general politics of the country, and especially
the practice of levying a percentage oh the sala-
ries of officeholders, to be applied to electioneering
purposes, in confirmation of his views on this
subject, he quoted the printed report of the inves-
tigating committee on the Swartwout defalcation,,
and showed that certain officers of the^customs
in New York were in the habit of paying such
percentage, which was collected from them by a
Mr. Vandcrpoel, who had a list of the officers for
that purpose. He was interrupted in the reading
by
Mr. TAYLOR and Mr. RIVES, on a question
of order; but the Chair, after an explanation by
Mr. G., declared that that gentleman was not
strictly out of order until he assumed the course
of certain members of that committee, which was
certainly irrelevant and out of order.
Mr. GRAVES having referred to the case of a
postmaster in Mr. Foster's district, who was a
convicted counterfeiter, who had fled from Mas-
sachusetts, and whose bad character had been
expressly stated to the head of the Post Office
Department, but who was still continued in office,
and was a zealous partisan of the Administration,
Mr. GRANT (who comes from the same dis-
trict with Mr. Foster) warmly disclaimed all
knowledge of such a case, and with still greater
warmth complained of Mr. Graves for pronounc-
ing a derogatory opinion respecting the capacity of
Mr. Gillett, (who was formerly a member from
New York,) to fill any office. Mr. G. pro-
nounced a very high euiogium on the character
of Mr. Gillett in all respects.
The discussion between these two gentlemen
was continued in a somewhat sharp tone for
some time, and was terminated by Mr. EVER-
ETT, who called both to order.
The CHAIRMAN supported Mr. E., and de-
cided the dispute to be out of order.
The question 'was put on Mr.. Graves's
amendment, and it was negatived.
