220
THE CONaüESSÍONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND, the compen-
sation of the Tennessee marshals was fixed at
#200.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
CUMBFRLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr. GRANT, the House then
went into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Briggs m the chain )
and took up the bill for the continuance of the
Cumbeiland road through the States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri—ayes 70, noes 55.
The bill having been read,
Mr. McKENNAN offered an amendment ap-
propriating |20,000 for the erection of guaid
fences on that portion of the road lying east of the
Ohio, and $500 for widening a certain turn m the
road on the side of Laurel Hill
The amendment was rejected
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to ap-
propriate $80,000 for the extension of the road
from the Monocaey to Rockville, in Maryland.
This also was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
It was negatived—ayes 54, noes 70.
Mr. YELL moved to amend the bill by appro-
pi latmg §65,000 foi a road from Memphis to Little
Rock, m Aikmisas
Mr. ELMORE moved to amend the bill by
striking out the clause which provides that the
cost of the road be reimbursed out of the two per
cent. fund.
On this motion a highly animated debate arose,
in which Messrs ELMORE, MASON of Ohio,
THOMPSON, THOMAS, DAWSON, ROB-
ERTSON, GARLAND of Louisiana, and HER-
OD participated, when, at about ten o'clock, the
committee rose (ayes 63, noes CO) and reported
progress.
The census bill was read the third time by its
title, and passed.
On motion of Mr ELMORE, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE
Friday, Mmchl, 1839
The PRESIDENT mo tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretaiy of the Troasuiy,
made in compliance with a íesolution of the Sen-
ate of the 22d instant, calling foi information on
the subject of the coinage, deposits for coinage,
and the expenses of the Mint and its branches,
which was oideied to be punted
MEMORIAL, ETC
Mi MOUTON presented the memorial of
Pieiec and Patrick Shannon, praying permission
to impoit free of duly the materials necessary
for the construction of an lion steamboat, which
was ordeud to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mi LYON presented the proceedings and a
memorial adopted at a meeting of the citizens of
Saganaw, praying mi appi opt ration to complete
the military road from Dttioit to Saginaw river,
winch were laid on the table
Mi. WEBSTER said that he had m his pos-
session a number of petitions for the abolition of
slavery, which had been sent to him and his col
league, [Mi Davis] In some of these they were
asked to piocure their refeience to a select com-
mittee, but at this late period, even if the motion
prevailed, there would not be sufficient time to
give the subject propei attention The opinions
of himself and colleague weie well known, both
as to the constitutional power of Congress on this
subject, and as to the great and undoubted right
of petiuon, and their opinions were unchanged
He moved that the petitions be íeeeivtd.
On motion of Mr CLA.Y, of Alabama, the
motion to receive was laid on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to which had been referred
the following, asked to be discharged fiom the
further consideration thereof, which was agreed
to;
Memorial of the American Silk Society;
Petiüon of Thomas J Durant and J Towser,
Memorial of Charles Pleischman, and
Memonal of Russel Comstock.
On motion of Mi. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Finance have leave to
¡sit during the hours of the session of the Senate
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, it was
Ordered, That fifty thousand copies of the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, submitted to the Senate on
the 4th of July last, be printed for the use of the Senate.
ARM? APPROPRIATION BILL.
The act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year 1839, and the other acts
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading yes-
terday, were severally read the third time and
passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted the
following communication fiom the Postmaster
General:
Post Office Department, February 27,1839
Sir Just as ray messenger was about to start for the
Capitol with several communications, including my reply
to the resolution of the Senate adopted on the 12th instant,
I received their resolution oí this day, asking why the in-
formation then called for has not been communicated.
In reply, I have the honor to state, that the only reason
I liave to give why it has not been before communicated is
that it was not ready
Very respectfully, your obedipnt servant,
AMOS KENDALL.
Hon. R M Johnson,
Vice President and President of the Senate,
Mr SEVIER moved that the letter be referred
to the President of the United States, with a re-
quest that he dismiss the Postmaster General for
an insult to the Senate of the United States
A debate ensued, in which Messrs SEVIER,
FOSTER, TALLMADGE, CRITTENDEN,
WEBSTER, BUCHANAN, SMITH of Con-
necticut, WALKER, BENTON, ALLEN, CAL-
HOUN, LINN, and NILES, participated, at the
conclusion of which,
Mr SEVIER modified his motion as follows:
Resolved, That the letter of the Postmaster General to
the President of the Senate, stating that the only reason
why he had not sent an answer to a previous resolution
wis, because it was not reidy, is considered by the Senate
as disrespectful to this body.
Resoh ed, That said letter, with the resolution to which
it purports to be an answer, bi laid before the President of
the United Stitis for such action as he may deem proper
The question was taken on the resolutions sep-
arately, and the first was adopted—ayes 38, noes
8; the second—ayes 31, noes 15
So the resolutions were adopted
After passing a number of private bills, the
Senate took a recess until five o'clock
EVENING SESSION
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie submitted the
following communication from the President of
the United States.
To the Senate oj the I nited Slates
I hive re< eived the resolution of the Senite of this daj',
upon the sub)i et ot a coinmume ition mide to you by the
Postmaster General on the 27th ultimo, and Invt the satis-
t iction of Hying heton the senate the act ompinying letter
tinm that officer, in which In fully di claims any intended
disrespect to the Senate in the communication referred to
M. VAN BURUN.
March l, 1839
Posr Offh i- Department, March 1,1839
Sir in n ference to tile resolution of the Senate adopted
this d t>, and !>} you jiist communicated to me, expressing
th< opinion that a communication made by me on tfie 27th
ultimo, in reply to their resolution of the same date, was
disrespectful to that body, I h ive only to say that no disre-
spect was intended or left
1 h< ir r< volution ol the 12th ultimo, calling for the names
of removed postmaster* designated no specific time within
which thi information would be wanted, and as it did not
appear to look to anv le.psliuvi  oi exi cutive action on
their part   the neei ssity of gre it expedition in preparing
md communicating them, to the delay ot other pressing
milters, was not ippn ci ited bv me so highly as it appears
to hive ¡K en by the Senite, or as perhaps it ought to have
been     \nd is the repl> to the resolution of the 12th wis
aire ulv in the h índs of the mcssengi r, ind would act om
I   pany the reply to tint of the 2/tll showing tiiat no disposi
I tion existid to withhold the information called for, it did
, not occur to me that an) detail  d explanation why it had
I not been sooik r sent was necessary, or would be expected
Hence it «ill be  perceived that the letter complained of
wis written h istily  (the m< ssenger having been, in fict,
detained until it could be written md recorded ) and but
for the hurry ot the moment, not allowing time tor consid-
eration, I should probablv h ive given the more full expla-
nation contained in this letter
\er> respectfully, your obedient servant,
AMOS KEND4.LL.
The Committee on Finance, to which had been
¡eferred the bill making appropriations for the
suppoit of the Government for the year 1839,
reported the same with several amendments.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
An act making appropriations for the Army
for the year 1839 was taken up, and after several
amendments had been offered and decided on,
Mr. BENTON offered an amendment appro-
priating $740,000 for putting certain old fortifica-
tions in a state of efficiency, and for completing
new works which are not yet finished.
This amendment was supported by Messrs.
BENTON and DAVIS, and opposed by Mr.
CALHOUN; and on taking the question, it was
lost—yeas 14, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Davis, Fulton, Knight, Nicholas, Robbins, Ruggles,
Walker, Wall, Webster, and Williams of Mame—14
NA VS—Messrs Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Kentucky,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Foster, Hubbard, Lyon, McKean,
Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Preston, Koane, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Swift, White, Williams of
Mississippi, Wright, and Young—23.
After several amendments, the bill was ordered
to a third reading.                              «
FRONTIER PROTECTION.
An act making appropriations for the protec-
tion of the northern and northwestern frontier
! was taken up, and after being considered as in
I Committee of the Whole, was ordered to be
I engrossed for a third reading, read the third time
and passed.
INDIAN  HOSTILITIES.
1 Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
[ nance, to which had been referred a bill from the
House, making an appropriation forthe suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities for the year 1839, report-
ed the same with an amendment, which was con-
sidered and adopted.
Mr CLAY, of Alabama, offered an amendment
i making an appropriation for property taken
by officers of the Government in the campaign
against the Creek Indians, which he advocated at
some length, as a measure of long deferredjustice
to many citizens whose property had been appro-
priated to the use of the Government. The
amendment was rejected—ayes 11, noes 26
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and afterwards read the third time
and passed.
BILLS   PASSED.
¡ Thefollowmg bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
An act giving to the President of the United
States additional powers in defense of the United
States, in case of invasion, and for other purposes,
An act to alter and amend the organic law of
the Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa;
I     An act to establish and define the eastern bound-
ary line of the Territory of Iowa;
An act toauthonze the election and appomt-
I ment of certain officers in the Territory of Iowa
and for other purposes;
An act to amend an act entitled an act regulat-
ing the pay and emoluments of brevet officers, ap-
pioved Apul 1G, 1818, and
An act for the relief of Captain John Vannettm
and his company for their services during the late
war.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate then went into executive session;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1839, was taken up for consideration, and
I after several amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance had been concurred m, the
i amendment of the committee proposing to strike
out the following section, was considered:
•' Tor the balance due on account of the first volume of
j the Documentary History ot the United States, $5,602 , and
the Secretary of State is hereby authorized to deliver to the
Secietary of the Senate forty copies of said work, and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives three hundred and
j sixty eight copies of said work, to be distributed to eieh of
the members of tin Senate and House of Representatives
ot the Twenty Third, Twenty Fourth, and Twenty-riftti
I Congresses, who are not entitled to receive the same under
j former resolutions or acts of Congress
I Mr WEBSTER hoped that the Senate would
i not strike out this appropriation It was, in his
I opinion, a very small matter, and too unimportant
to be wasting the time of the Senate on at this
I late period of the session The House had thought
I proper to make this appiopnation to fulfill the
I obligations of a contract enteied into by this
