1839.
Tail.' CONGRESSIONAL' QL&I&.
Government, and he thought the proper way was
to agree to it, and not to hazard the loss of the
bill and ¡the consequent stopping of the Govern-
ment bjfaelaying the passage of it. #If -gentle-
men would persist in consuming time, and were
determined to higgle with the House on this ap-
propriation of $5,000, he had warned them of the
consequences, and they must take the responsi-
bility.
Mr. WRIGHT said: If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts thinks I am not aware of my responsi-
bility, or that I fear to meet it, he does not know
me. Mr. W. thought the time was come when
the Senate should make a stand upon this subject,
and said the responsibility of defeating this bill,
if it was lost, would rest with those who had in-
corporated this provision into it. Mr. W. went
on at some length in opposition to the practice of
appropriating money for the purchase of books,
and distributing them among themselves, and
trusted that the Senate would not countenance it
any longer.
After some remarks from Mr. EENTON in
favor of the amendment, the question was taken
on the recommendation of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced there
■was not a quorum in attendance.
Mr. SEVIER moved that there be a call of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER said the Senator
from Arkansas might reach his object by moving
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to summon
the absent Senators, and if they refused attend-
ing, the Presiding Officer might issue his warran t,
and have them brought before the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER modified his motion accord-
ingly.
Several Senators requested Mr. S. to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. WALKER hoped that the Senator from
Arkansas would persist in it. The only Senators
who were invalids and whose healths were en-
dangered by the protracted sittings of that body,
were in their seats attending to their public duties,
while a majority of the Senate, who had not the
plea of ii'ness to offer as an excuse for their ab-
sence, were in their beds. He hoped the motion
would be persisted in, and that Senators, if other
motives could not induce them to do so, would be
compelled by order of the body to attend to the
public business.
After some conversation the motion was with-
drawn, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1, 1839.
Mr. GRAY asked leave to submit a resolution
giving the pages and messengers of the House an
extra allowance of $250 over and above their pay
for their three months' services.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, objected.
The SPEAKER, however, said the unfinished
business must first be disposed of. This was the
report from the select committee on Virginia
bounty warrants, the reading of which was not
concluded yesterday.
Mr. GRAY said lie hoped it would be passed
over for the present,
Mr. BRIGGS sjjould object, because, if passed
over this morning, it would not be reached again,
and the object of the committee be defeated.
The reading of the report was resumed, and
various ineffectual efforts were made to dispense
with it; but it again occupied the whole morning
hour without being brought to a conclusion.
Mr. BOULDIN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, on leave, reported, without
amendment, Senate joint resolu^on authorizing
the opening of an alley and the execution of cer-
tain deeds in the city of Washington.
Also, Senate bill, without amendment, to ex-
tend the jurisdiction of the corporation of the city
of Washington over the Potomac bridge.
Also, Senate bill to incorporate Georgetown
College, in the District of Columbia.
The above bills and resolution were severally
read the third time and passed.
Mr. EWING moved to suspend the special
order for one hour, to go into committee on the
Cumberland road bill.
[Cries of" No!" "No !" from all parts of the
Hall.]
The motion was rejected by a large majority.
Mr. GRAVES asked the House tt> take up the
resolution submitted by him some time since, in
relation to the alleged defalcation of Charles J.
Ingersoll, late district attorney at Philadelphia;
but it was objected to.
Mr. MERCER moved a suspension of the
special order for half an hour, to enable the com-
mittees to report; but the motion was rejected.
Mr. GRANT asked leave to make an explana-
tion in relation to the debate between himself and
Mr. Graves last night; but it was refused.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following executive communications were
received, and ordered to lie on the table:
A message from the President of the United
States, in obedience to a resolution of the House
of the 18th January last, calling for a copy of a
dispatch from Mr. Stevenson, our Minister at
London, on the subject of the tobacco trade.
A communication from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting copies of his accounts
settled by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, forthe third and fourth quarters of 1837, and
the first and second quarters of 1838.
A letter from the Secretary of War, in obedi-
ence to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 19th ultimo, calling for a statement
of the proceedings of his Department in the exe-
cution of the first and second provisions of the
fourth article of the treaty of the 1st November,
1837, with the Winnebago Indians.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and one of the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the 16th ultimo,
calling for information in reference to the treaty
with the Pottawatomie Indians of the 25th, 26th,
and 27th of October, 1832.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting reports from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and Second Auditor, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 28th
of January last, in relation to the execution of
the treaties of 1832 and 1834, with the Chickasaw
Indians, and the treaty of 1830, with the Choc-
taws.
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance, as far as practicable,
with the resolution of the House of the 31st De-
cember last, in relation to the condition of the
banks in Wisconsin.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION.
The House then, in pursuance of the special
order, went into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union (Mr. Lincoln in thechair)
on the " bill giving to the President of the Uni-
ted States additional powers for the defense of
the United States, in certain cases, against inva-
sion,and for other purposes."
After some conversation as to the order of pro-
ceeding, Mr. PICKENS giving notice of his in-
tention to move to strike out the second section
of the bill,
Mr. ROBERTSON suggested a modification
of the first section, so as not to assume that Great
Britain "set up a claim" to exclusive jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. MENEFEE wished the phraseology made
so clear that the Executive should resist an occu-
pation of this territory, either on the part of the
Government of Great Britain, directing and act-
ing on her own responsibility, or through her
provincial authorities.
Mr. CRAIG saw no necessity for making any
distinction.
Mr. BIDDLE said he was not prepared to vote
for any part of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS saw no necessity for Mr. Rob-
ertson's amendment. The case did not apply
as it did yesterday to the report, because it was
there asserted that an "agreement'" was set up
by Great Britain. Now there was a "claim.
She set up a claim, and so did we.
Mr. ROBERTSON immediately withdrew his
amendment.                   *
Mr. HOWARD could see no necessity of
drawing the distinction indicated by Mr. Men-
efee.
Mr. MENEFEE still thought provision ought
to be made to meet both cases.
Mr. NAYLOR, to meet this objection, and ob-
viate all confusion or dífiículty that might here-
after arise, moved to insert afier " Great Britain"
the words " or her provincial authorities."
Mr. KENNEDY approved entirely of the prin-
ciples of the report, and should support the bill
as it had been brought in by Mr. Howard. He
then went on to read a number of extracts from
the dispatches of Sir Charles Vaughan, etc.', to
show that Great Britain did set up a pretension
to exclusive jurisdiction pending the controversy,
and added that he had no doubt, from the tenor
of these documents, that Sir John Harvey had
received specific instructions and orders to assert
and maintain that jurisdiction. Mr. K. said he
should move the printing of this with the other
documents.
Mr. ELMORE inquired if these papers had
been communicated to our Government?
Mr. KENNEDY replied that they had not.
Mr. ELMORE. Then, it is a private paper,
with which we have nothing to do.
Mr. LEGARE was of a different opinion, in
spite of these documents, and did not believe any
such specific orders had been received by the Pro-
vincial Governor from the British Ministry. The
amendment of Mr. Naylor he considered as en-
tirely unnecessary.
Mr. BIDDLE agreed with Mr. Adams that it
was desirable we should keep ourselves right, and
therefore he was indisposed to run into collateral
questions; for he was one of those who believed
this question would have to be settled with arms.
He desired, therefore, that with such a Power as
Great Britain we should use nothing like bravado,
set up nothing like a bugbear. The mere unan-
imity of that House would have no effect upon
a proud nation like that. This course had been
tried towards Mexico, and she had treated us
with contempt in return. These experiments
would achieve nothing.
Mr. HOWARD explained. Two years ago,
in the Committee on Foreign Affairs, he had again
and again given it as his opinion that the pacific
course afterwards adopted would be ineffectual.
He was for a different policy.
Mr. BIDDLE had adduced this as an illustra-
tion, and because the same course seemed now
about to be adopted. If we did go to war, he
hoped it would not terminate as the last did, by
leaving the question in suspension. If, however,
we went to war, it should always be on such a
question as should unite our whole people; upon
which they would think and dwell night and
morning; upon which they could rally. Was the
present such a question ? It was not. Even in
view of all the atrocities of the late war, when
our whole coast was plundered, and hundreds of
families reduced to ruin; when our commerce was
almostannihilated, our seamen forcibly taken and
made to serve against their country, with the pop-
ular cry of" free trade and sailors'rights," what
was the scene exhibited ? So far from that gen-
eral unanimity indispensable to success, one half
the country was almost in friendly alliance with
the enemy, and the pulpit poured its blessings
upon them as the main pillar of religion.
Mr. B. then went on to show that the present
was not such a question as warranted our hurry-
ing ourselves into a long and sanguinary war,
and he cited a speech of Mr. Evans, made a year
ago, to prove that this mere question of jurisdic-
tion was viewed as a matter of very small im-
portance by the State of Maine; and if she, who
was directly interested, had made a light matter
of it, why should we be now called upon to issue
a declaration of war thereon ? for he regarded the
step now about to be taken as equivalent to a
declaration of war. Mr. B. went on at length to
demonstrate that exaggerated importance had
been'given to this question all at once, and in-
sisted that acquiescence in the jurisdiction of
Great Britain over the disputed territory had been
yielded from 1-824 down by the General Govern-
ment, and distinctlyreeognizedbythe Legislature
of Massachusetts. To sustain this position he
cited a variety of documents. To go to warnow
upon the new question involved, would be to go
to war for the shadow after having abandoned
the substance. It was one upon which the peo-
ple of this country could never be rallied; but if
the President came there, and told them that all
negotiation was at an end, and that there was no
resort left but to arms, then he was prepared to
go into it even to the ruin of himself and those
