1839.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   231
evening without exciting much attention in the
Senate, and he himself assented to its passage,
without being acquainted with its details. The
truth was, he looked towards the seat of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who he understood intended to
oppose this bill, and not seeing him there, he
supposed thathis objections were removed. Since
the passage of the bill, however, he had exam-
ined some of its details, and he was convinced
that had they been understood, it could not have
passed the Senate, it allowed this corporation
to take charge of any unprotected orphan found
in this city, and work him til! twenty-one years
of age, or bind him out toanyother person. The
bill also took the control of these orphans from
the chancery court, and left them there without
any remedy, wholly at the disposal of this cor-
poration, whether well treated or not—a thing
unheard of in the legislation of any civilized
country. He did not use too harsh a term when
he said, that this bill authorized the corporation
to catch every unprotected orphan in the District,
and hold them in servitude. The bill was de-
grading to this unfortunate class of persons, and
was opposed to principles that had been deemed
sacred for ages. By the laws of the country
from which we have derived our jurisprudence,
the care of these orphans is confided to one of
their highest judicial tribunals; but this bill takes
the orphan fiom the courts, and turns him over,
without appeal, to an irresponsible corporation.
Mr. ALLEN thanked his friend from Alabama
for calling the attention of the Senate to this sub-
ject. Tiie principle of the bill was simply this:
it was to incorporate a few citizens of the District
to take charge of all the unfortunate orphan chil-
dren found within its limits, and to work them
till of age. The bill did not impose on the corpo-
ration the obligation of teaching these children
trades, or, in fact, of teaching them anything at
all. The whole of the unfortunate orphan chil-
dren of this Disttict who have no ont to protect
them are to be turned over to this corporation, to
be worked as slaves till they are twenty-one years
of age. And this was not all; this corporation
was to have the power of transferring the services
of these children to any one they pleased; and no
court whatever would have the power of releasing
them from servitude. He would undertake to say
that, if the whole history of the civilized world
was searched into, a paiallel to this bill could not
be found. It was odious for its injustice, odious
for its cruelty, and odious for its rapacity; and
the whole of this odious principle was covered up
in a mass of words. It was very imposing, too,
in its title, being called, or rather miscalled, an
oiphiin asylum. If there was anything true on
earth, it was that governments should be the pro-
tectors of the poor, the fatherless, and the needy;
and here you propose to turn over the most un-
fortunate of these to a heartless corporation to be
worked as slaves. Mr. A. contended that, though
Congress, as the local Legislature of the District,
had the guardianship of these orphans, it had no
right to transfer them to a corporation. Nothing
■could be.said to justify this bill.
Mr. WALL made a few remarks in defense of
the bill, contending that it was not liable to the
ejections of the Senators from Ohio and Alabama,
and went into a history of the rise and progress
of the institution, which, he said, was founded in
motives of benevolence.
After some remarks from Mr. CLAY, of Ala-
bama,
The question was taken on the reconsideration;
which was agreed to.
The bill was then laid on the table.
CIVIL   AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, stating that they had non-con-
curred in the. amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
1839. The amendments were—first, to strike
out the provision that the printing of the Execu-
tive Departments should be done by contract;
and the second was, striking out the provision
for distributing copies of the Documentary His-
tory of the United States to the members of the
Senate and House of Representatives.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the Senate insist,
and that a conference with the House be asked;
which was agreed to.
Numerous bills from the House were acted on;
after which the Senate took a recess until six
o'clock.                        _______
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the committee of confer-
ence appointed to consider the disagreement of
the two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the general appropriation bill, reported that
the managers appointed to conduct the conference
on the part of the Senate and the managers on the
part of the House, had agreed to recommend to
their respective Houses to adopt the following
course; That the Senate should recede from so
much of its amendment as provides for the man-
ner of executing the printing for the Executive
Departments, with an amendment providing that
the printing shall be executed in the city of Wash-
ington; and that the Senate insist on so much of
their amendment as relates to the distribution of
the Clarke and Force papers to members of the
Senate, leaving it in the power of the House to
make the distribution to its own members, while
any such distribution to members of the Senate
is prohibited.
Mr. BENTON said he never would agree to
this report, and he demanded the yeas and nays
on concurring in it. This system of distributing
books had grown up to an enormous abuse,
indeed the most enormous abuse in our Govern-
ment. He would oppose it to the last; and if the
appropriation bill was lost in consequence, and
the Government stopped, why let the responsi-
bility rest on those who would incur the risk for
the sake of securing to themselves three or four
hundred dollars' worth of books.
Mr. WRIGHT asked that the questions on
concurring with the recommendations of the com-
mittee of conference be taken separately; which
was accordingly ordered.
Mr. TALLMADGE inquired whether the bill
would be lost, m case neither of the two Houses
would agree to recede from the ground taken by
them?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore answered that
that question was not before the Senate; but it
was obvious that if one House should insist on
its amendments, and the other should insist on its
disagreement, and no compromise could be effect-
ed, the hill would be lost.
Mr.TALLMADGEobscrved that if tho House
of Representatives saw ñt to vote for a distribu-
tion of books to its menibeis, he would be willing
to let them take the responsibility, and settle the
matter with their constituents. He would, there-
fore, vote for concurring with the recommenda-
tions of tho committee of conference.
Mr. NORVELL said that if any principle was
involved, it applied as well to the distribution to
the members of the House as of the Senate. He
should, therefore, vote against concurring in the
report.
Mr. WALKER was for concurring with the
committee. If that was not done, the result
would be that the whole bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government would be lost. The Government,
throughout all its departments, legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial, would be brought to a close;
and that, too, at a period of all others the most
unfortunate. Other Senators might think it would
be less dangerous to lose this bill than to suffer
members of the House to vote themselves a few
books. He hoped the Senator from Michigan
would reconsider his determination, and let the
report of the committee be concurred in.
Mr. BENTON said that the consequence of the
Senate adhering to the resolution it had taken on
the subject of the distribution of these books,
might be the loss of the bill now pending; and as
that bill contained the appropriations necessary
for keeping the Government inaction, gentlemen
were a great deal alarmed at the danger of the
Government being stopped. Then on whom
would the responsibility rest? It will rest on
those who have personal interests in these books;
and those members, therefore, who are to receive
these books ought not to be permitted to vote
on this question, in which they are personally
interested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore here stated that
the discussion was not in order; that, by the joint ¡
rules, when a committee of conference was.asked |
for by one House, and assented li by the other, i
the report of the conferees, together with all the
papers, should first be presented to the House
that assented to the conference, tinder this ruW,
therefore, the report and papers were sent by the
Secretary to the House of Representatives.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, stating that the House had con-
curred m the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the amendments to the general appropri-
| ation bill, and resolved that the bill do pass ac-
[ cordingly.
|     The question was then taken on concurring in
1 that part of the recommendation of the committee
| of conference as relates to the printing of the Ex-
j ecutive Departments, and carried.
;     The question then recurring on concurring in
: that part of the report which relates to the distri-
j bution of the Clarke and Force documents,
I     Mr. BENTON warmly opposed concurring in
¡ the agreement.   He objected to itbecause it made
a distinction between the two Houses—allowing
a distribution of books to the members of the
House, while it refused a distribution of books
to the Senate.    He objected to it because a dis-
tribution of books to either House was wrong in
principle.    Some gentlemen seemed to fear that
if the Senate insisted on its amendment, the ap-
propriation bill would be lost, and the wheels of
Government stopped;  but could they suppose
there was  any member  of either House who
would be willing to break up this Government
for the sake of retaining his share of these books,
which were not worth more than §330 at the price
they cost the Government, and which, if sold to
! Mr. Templeman, or any other bookseller, would
| not bring the half or quarter of that sum.    Now,
he was determined, as far as it depended on him,
i to put it to the test whether any member of Con-
gress would be willing to putan end to this Gov-
| eminent for the sake of retaining $330 worth of
. these books.
Mr. B. heie enlarged on the growing evils of
' this system of distributing books to members of
' Congress; and in illustration, alluded to the man-
i ner m which another proposition to distribute
books had been   run  through  the  Senate  last
night.    A resolution was offered by a Senator
; from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] to distrib-
' lite among the members two volumes  relating
,' to the land laws.    He had given full notice of his
; opposition to this resolution,and his intention to
; oppose it when it came up for consideration. Yet,
; in the course of a fatiguing session of eighteen
! hours, he had been absent from his seat but a few
moments, and in those few moments this distribu-
¡ tion was galloped through.    It was presented to
! the Senate while he  (Mr. B.) was in his seat;
! objected to by him; then withdrawn; take.n up
, in his absence, and hastily run through.   This
| book-making concern was one of the most cry-
¡ ing abuses in our system.   There was no end to
] it; it ran round in a continued circle.    In the first
! place, a sufficient number of books are ordered to
! supply the menibeis of a Congress.    At the en-
i suing session the new members are to be sup-
plied; and this is easily done, and in the follow-
ing  manner: some  of the  members  who   had
already received  copies may sell them  to  Mr.
Templeman, and he sells them at a small ad-
, vanee to the publishers, and they are furnished
to the new members at Government price as new
i books, who, in their turn, sell them toMr.Tem-
i pieman, and the process goes on ad infinitum, so
I that the original fifteen hundred copies may sup-
; ply fifteen thousand members, the Government,
! at every revolution of the circle, paying the full
i price.    He hoped the Senate woii'd insist on its
j amendment, and let the people of the country see
; what members of Congress were willing to break
I up the Government to hold on to the books they
j had voted to themselves.
I Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, said he had never
j voted for a purchase or distribution of books in
I his life. He was opposed to the whole matter,
and thought it a most serious abuse. He would
not, however, incur the hazard of such serious
embarrassment as would result to theGovernment
from the loss of the appropriation bill. He would,
therefore, vote for agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference, and let the members of
the House take the responsibility of voting books
for themselves.
The question was then taken on agreeing with
thp report of the committee of conference, and
