1839.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
The amendment of the Senate providing for the
Seneca treaty was non-concurred in.
Mr. EVERETT moved to non-concur in the
section repealing the second section of the act of
1830, which authorizes the President to exchange
lands owned by Indians east of the Mississippi,
who wish to emigrate, for lands west of the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BELL fully concurred in the amendment,
which would have the effect of preventing the
multiplying of Indian treaties, and put an end to
making these interminable Indian treaties.
M r. EVERETT withdrew his objection, though
he could not flatter himself that the amendment
would arrest the evil.
The amendment was agreed to; and all the
amendments of the Senate having been acted on,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved an ad-
ditional clause to authorize the President of the
United States to accept the services of volunteers,
not to exceed five thousand in number, for Flor-
ida, and that------ dollars be appropriated there-
for.
The CHAIRMAN, however,ruled the amend-
ment out of order, on the ground that it was an
appropriation for which there was no existing
law.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the com-
mittee then rose, and reported the above bill and
amendments to the House.
The report of the committee on all the amend-
ments was concurred in, and the bill sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. RARIDENthen moved that the House go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Cumberland road bill; upon
which motion                                                       ^
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays;
which, being ordered, were taken.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWSON rose and called the attention of
the House to the fact that names were recorded
who were not in the city. Among these were
Messrs. Thompson, Worthington, and Mason
of Ohio; all of whom had left the city, and all
voted in the affirmative. Tliese votes, it was as-
certained, if counted, would take up the bill; if
omitted, the majority would be in the negative.
TheSPEAKERsuggested that the roll be called
again, and the difficulty put an end to.
Mr. McKENNAN objected to this.
The vote was then announced—yeas 74, nays
77.                                                            *
So the House refused to go into committee on
the bill.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
On motion of Mr. RENCHER, the House
took up the joint resolution from the Senate to
authorize the purchase of the Pea Patch Island
in the Delaware river, and for other purposes,
which, having been read twice, was committed;
and Mr. R. moved that the House go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
thereon; which was agreed to.
The House accordingly went into committee,
(Mr. Howard in the chair,) and the above joint
lesolution was taken up and discussed by Messrs.
MILLIGAN and HARLAN, when the latter
gentleman moved so to amend it as to substitute
the " President of the United States" for the
"Secretary of War," and to limit the price to
$50,000, subject to the approval of Congress.
After a few words from Mr. KEMBLE, the
first amendment was disagreed to—ayes 5], noes
not counted.
The second amendment was discussed hy
Messrs HOFFMAN, POPE, MERCER, NAY-
LOR, McKAY, GRAVES, and CURTIS, when
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
to limit the sum to $25,000.
This proposition was also discussed by the
mover and Messrs. THOMAS, HARRISON,
KEMBLE, PETRIKIN, GRAVES, CAMBRE-
LENG, and BELL, when it was rejected.
Mr THOMAS then moved to strike out
$50,000, and leave the sum indefinite, subject to
the ratification or approval of Congress; which
was disagreed to—ayes 45, noes not counted.
Mr. Harlan's amendment was then agreed to,
without a division.
The resolution was then laid aside to be re-
potted.
LAW OF PATENTS.
The committee then took up the Senate bill
entitled " An act in addition to the act to promote
the progress of the useful arts;" but, before much
progress was made in it,
On motion of Mr. BELL, the committee rose,
and reported the joint resolution, leaving the bill
in committee.
The House concurred in the amendment to the
joint resolution—ayes 83, noes not counted.
Mr. McKAY moved a further amendment;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN renewed his first amendment,
but it was rejected without a division. •
The resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
On the question of going into committee again
on the bill on patents,
Mr. BOrjLDIN moved to include the bill pro-
viding for the building of a jail in the District of
Columbia; which was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS moved the Florida occupation
bill; which was rejected.
Mr. BELL moved the bill to continue the Choc-
taw commission; which was rejected.
The House then went into committee, and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill amendatory
of the law organizing the Patent Office.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out the pro-
vision for a board of examiners; which was re-
jected.
Several other amendments were submitted and
rejected.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to strike out the en-
acting clause; and upon that motion, proceeded
to state, his objections to several provisions of the
bill, then withdrawing the motion.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
JAIL IN WASHINGTON.
The committee then took up the amendments
of the Senate to the bill providing for the erection
of a new jail in the city of Washington; and they
being agreed to, the committee rose and reported
the two foregoing bills to the House.
The first bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
The House then concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill to provide for the construc-
tion of a new jail in the city of Washington.
SIXTH CENSUS.
The House concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to provide for taking the
sixth census.
ARMY  BILL.
The House took up the Senate's amendments
to the Armv appropriation bill; and, on motion of
Mr. CAMBRELENG, concurred   therein, the :¡
House receding therefrom.                                        ¡I
II
INDIAN BILL.                                      \,
The amendments of the Senate to this bill were , I
taken up.                                                                       l|
The House, in the morning, had disagreed to !|
several of the amendments, but insisted upon one i!
of them.                                                                        ¡1
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House ;
now receded from their disagreement; and thus ,
the bill was finally passed.                                           i I
SELMA AND TENNESSEE RAILROAD.         |i
Mr. LEWIS moved that the House go into !'
committee upon several bills granting the right of 11
way to certain railroad companies.                          I;
Mr. BELL moved to include the bill to continue j|
the Choctaw commission; which Mr. LEivib nc-¡¡
cepted as a modification of his motion; which was ; i
then agreed to, only so far as regards the Selma ¡,
and Tennessee Railroad Company.                         j:
The House then went into committee on various ! j
bills.                                                                              {;
The bill for the benefit of the Selma and Ten- j'
nessee Railroad Company, granting them right
of preemption toalternate sections, with six years
credit, was taken up, and
Mr. LINCOLN v/as proceeding to oppose it;
when
Mr.  CASEY  suggested  that  the  gentleman
move that the committee rise; for if this bill was j
to be debated, nothing more could be done.           !
Mr. LINCOLN accordingly made the motion, jj
but held it suspended for suggestions, and then ;i
renewing it, the motion prevailed.                           "•
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. GRAVES moved that the Tennessee land
bill be taken up.
Objections were made all over the House, and
Mr. G. moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, de-
manded the yeas and nays; which being ordered,
were—yeas 81, nays 49.
So the rules were not suspended, requiring two
thirds.
COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the bill to change the times of holding the Fed-
eral courts in Louisiana was taken out of Com-
mittee of the Whole, broughtintothe House, and
put on its third reading.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved an amendment in
reference to the courts in New York; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BRONSON moved a further amendment;
which was agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
The amendment of the Senate to the joint res-
olution for the purchase of Pea Patch Island was
concurred in by the House receding from so much
of its amendment as the Senate disagreed to—
ayes 109, noes not counted.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. CUSHMAN offered the usual resolution
for ajoint committee to wait on the President of
the United States, and inform him that the two
Houses were ready to adjourn.
Mr. WISE said he should object, for the House
had not completed its business.
The resolution was agreed to without a divi-
sion.
PAY OF SAILING MASTERS.
Mr. WISE moved to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill to
increase the pay of the sailing masters of the
Navy. [Cries of " No!" " No!" intermingled
with others of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
The motion was disagreed to.
PAY TO A CLERK.
Mr. WISE asked leave to submit a resolution
to pay the clerk of the select committee on defal-
cations certain extra compensation for his ser-
vices.
Objection being made,
Mr. W. moved a suspension of the rules; and
the tellers having announced—ayes 77, noes 45,
(not two thirds.)
Mr. W. called for the yeas and nays; but they
were refused; and the motion to suspend was re-
jected without a division.
Mr. S. W. MORRIS asked leave, as a member
of the Committee of Accounts, to make a state-
ment in relation to this matter; but it was refused.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
On'motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the usual order
was adopted, to send a message to the Senate noti-
fying that body that the House, having concluded
the business before it, was ready to adjourn.
EXTRA PAY TO CLERKS, ETC.
Several resolutions were offered again to give
the clerks, messengers, stable-keeper, &c, extra
pay; but they were all rejected.
PUBLIC DEFAULTERS.
Mr. HARLAN moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to submit a resolution that
the Secretary of the Treasury prepare a state-
ment of the defaulters from 1829, and that it be
printed during the recess.
Mr. H. asked for the yeas and nays on his mo-
tion; which being ordered, were—yeas G4, nays
33.
So the rules were not suspended.
MADISON PAPERS.
The House concurred in the resolution of the
Senate to suspend the lGth and 17th joint rules
of the House, so as to pass a joint resolution to
provide for the distribution, in part, of the Mad-
ison papers.
The joint resolution was soon after received,
and, having been read twice,
Mr. WISE briefly supported it.
