1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Everett, Mr, C
25th Cong....3d Sess.     Defalcation
I have lately traveled in Kentucky, and speak
from the knowledge of ray own senses. I have
lately received an authentic return of the annual
manufactures of Massachusetts, and speak upon
unimpeachable authority. Kentucky and Massa-
chusetts are the two States of this Union which
have profited most by the military victories and
the civil administration of Geneial Jackson; they
are the two States of this Union which owe most
to his arms and to his policy, they aie the two
States of this Union which should be bound to
him by the strongest ties of giatitude and affec-
tion. The agriculturist of Kentucky is now on
the high road to wealth; his prosperity reposes
upon a solid and imperishable basis. His cattle,
his mules, his horses, his hemp, all wanted in the
South, command the highest price, fill his coffers
with vast sums of money, and reflect upon his
lands an unprecedented value. It is no longer the
illusions of the high tariff; it is no longei the illu-
sions of the "golden fleece," two thousand dol-
íais for a sheep, intrinsically worth twenty shil-
lings, and now sunk to that price; it is no longer
the deceptive dream of these ephemeral illusions '
which tickled and beguiled the Kentuckian before
Jackson's administration, but it is now the solid
basis of the cotton cultivation in the South, and
free trade in Europe, upon which his prosperity
reposes. Let him cultivate the cotton-growei, and
cherish free trade abroad, and never again fall into
the illusions of high tariff and national bank, and
never again will he see his crops rotting on his
hands, his property sinking to no price, his cur-
rency depreciated one half, and piles of property
laws, tender laws, relief laws, and stay laws in-
terposed between the hapless debtor and the mer-
ciless creditor. So much for Kentucky, and equal
with hers, and resting, in good part, upon the
same basis, is the prosperity of Massachusetts
The cotton-grower of the South takes a part of all
that she has to spare. Prom " brushes, brooms,
and baskets, and buttons of all kinds," up to her
eighteen millions of dollars worth of manufactures
in shoes, boots, and leather; her seventeen mil-
lions of manufactures of cotton; her ten millions
of manufactures of wool; her nine millions and a
half of fish and oil; her two millions of ready-made
clothing, stocks, and suspenders; her two millions
and a half of nails, brads, and tacks; her million
and a half of soap and candles; her million and a
half of paper-, her million and a quarter of rum,
her million of refined sugar; her two millions of
straw bonnets and palm leaf hats; and many other
articles " too tedwusto enumerate,"but amounting,
in conjunction with those enumerated, to eighty-
six millions of dollars per annum. From all these
she sends a part to the cotton-grower, and doubt-
less gets a better part of the crop than the grower
himself receives; an advantage which is the fair
and legitimate fruit of industry, conducted by
skill, guarded by economy, and diversified by
enterprise. It was the last year of President
Jackson's administration—the year ending the
31st day of March, 1837—which presented this
magnificent result of Massachusetts manufactur-
ing industry; I say manufacturing, for the pro-
ceeds of her commerce and agriculture are not in-
cluded; and this grand result will forever stand as
a proof of the prosperity of the country under the
sagacious policy of that illustrious statesman.
Sir, it was no part of my intention to make a
eulogy upon General Jackson. The time is coming
when history, and poetry, and sculpture, and
painting, and the living voices of endless genera-
tions will do him that service. I make no genera!
eulogy. I have spoken to a single point, to show
from one example the beneficent nature of his
policy, and the universality of its happy influence
upon all parts of our country, and upon all the
pursuits of its industry. I have spoken to a single
point, and have not exhausted that one, for to this
same cotton region we are indebted for the hundred
millions of gold and silver which has sustained
the country and the Government in the late shock,
and which hereafter are to render the people inde-
pendent of the rise and fall of banks, and safe
from the shocks and explosions of the paper sys-
tem. What I have said has been forced out of me
by attacks, as wanton as they are incessant, upon
the hero-patriot who is entitled to repose, now
that he has withdrawn from the world and given
an example of the manner in which an ex-Presi-
dent of the United States should spend the evening
of his days, and close up the career of his life.
THE SWARTWOUT DEFALCATION.
■, etc.               Ho. of Reps.
been taken for his own use exclusively. He was
much mistaken if some portion of it would not be
traced to speculations in the Morris Canal and
Banking Company—that vortex into which so
much capital had been drawn. It would be the
duty of the committee to look into these matters,
and to ascertain whether some portion of this
money may not have been loaned to others, con-
cerned with Mr. Swart%vout, and may not yet be
recovered I care very little, sir, as to the mode
in which the committee may be appointed, because
I feel assured that however appointed it will make
a searching investigation into this and every other
defalcation, and that the committee will discharge
its duty justly and honorably, wherever or who-
ever it may strike, whether the Department, the
defaulters, or their associates in peculation. But,
sir, I do not wish such a committee to be appoint-
ed m the dark—in a mode which shuns responsi-
bility I wish it appointed in the usual manner;
that the Speaker may be held responsible, as he
is to the House and to the country, for the ap-
pointment of a committee to which this impoitant
inquiry may be confided, one which will neither
" whitewash" the Tieasury Department, nor vin-
dicate and justify the defalcation of Mr. Swart-
wout and the participation of his associates, if any
such should be found.
Mr MASON, of Virginia, would respectfully
ask the gentleman from New York, whether he
expected the American people, when they found
thíá. the money which had been collected from
them for the public service had been squandered
by public agents and applied to their private uses,
would be satisfied with vague declarations from
him that the fraud had been committed by men of
this or that political creed' Did he cherish the
opinion that the Conservatives in that House
were, he would not say to be deterred, but to be
in the least affected in their course by the opinion
of that gentleman, or of the public press, that the
defaulters were Conservatives * For one, acting
as he did with a small party, known at home as
Democratic Republicans, whatever name they
might bear here or elsewhere, he would say to
that gentleman that they should be satisfied with
nothing shoitof an exact, minute, elaborate in-
quiry, not into the political opinions of the delin-
quents—though others might drag m that consid-
eration in order to serve a purpose—but into the
extent and nature of the peculations which had
taken place, and into the insufficiency oí that
Treasuiy machinery, which ought long ago to
have detected the fraud; as well as into those
legislative provisions which it was proper to
adopt, in order to guard against a like oceurrenfce
in future. If the gentleman had the information—
and he alone could possess it—that there -were
others connected with the Morns Canal and
Banking Company, who participated in the pecu-
lation or in its fruits,all that would,by the inqui-
ry, be brought fully to light. Let the House, let
the country, have the facts. Nothing less would
satisfy them.
The gentleman from New York had insinuated
that it was a very remaikable thing that a Con-
servative should desire to be placed at the head of
an investigating committee to look into these de-
falcations Thus the gentleman attempted to
parry the attack of one of his colleagues, {Mr.
Wise,] by throwing out insinuations against an-
other of his colleagues, who had not yet opened
his mouth. The gentleman was assailed by a
gentleman sitting on one side of the House, and,
by way of a reply, he made an attack upon an-
other gentleman in quite a different quarter. How-
ever, his colleague [Mr Garland] was well able
to take his own part. As one who should vote
for theappomtmentof a committee by ballot, Mr.
M. cared not of what political complexion the
peculators might be; the American people dis-
claimed the idea that public trusts were only to be
confided to thos« who were of one particular way
of thinking m politics. He had said he should
vote for a committee appointed by ballot. It was
not needful that he should disclaim the belief'
that a proper committee would not be appointed
by the presiding officer of the House, if he should
be intrusted wuh that duty, for he entertained no
such belief; but he would vouch for it  that the
partisan press in opposition to the Administra 
DEBATE IN THE HOUSE,
January 8,1838.                               '
The resolution of Mr. Cambrelenc, for a Select i
Committee to investigate the defalcation of Samuel
Swartwout,   having  come up  as the unfinished
business, together with the amendment thereto
proposed by Mr. Wise—
Mr Wise modified his amendment by adopting
a resolution offeied some days since by Mr. Gar-
land, of Virginia, in the following words:
"Resolved, That a select committee be appointed,
' to consist of nine members, to be appointed by
' ballot, whose duty it shall De to inquire into the
' causes and extent of the late defalcations of the
' custom-house at New York and other places, ¡
' the length of time they have existed, the correct- j
' ness of the íeturns which have been made by j
' the collectors, and naval and other ofliceis, and
'the deposit banks respectively, and all such facts
1 connected   with  said  defalcations as   may be
' deemed material to develop their true character.
" Be it further resolved, That said committee be
' required to inquire into, and make report of, any
' defalcations among the collectors, receivers, and
' disbursers of the public money, which may now
1 exist, who are the defaulters; the amount of de-
' falcations, the length of time they have existed, ¡
* and the causes which led to them, and that said
' committee have power to send for peisons and ,
' papers "                                                                      '
Mr EVERETT said that, as it would be neces-
sary, if any investigation was to take place this
session, that it should be entered on withoutdelay,
he hoped the resolution would be voted on at once,
and he demanded the yeas and nays
Mr. CAMBRELENG accepted the modification
proposed  by Mr   Garland, except so much a<!
related to the mode of appointing the committee.
While up he would take the opportunity to notice
some remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise.]   That gentleman expressed surprise j
that he (Mr. C ) had not included the defalcations
of Mr. Price and General Gratiot in his motion '
for inquiry.    He did not for the obvious reason i
that he was not aware of them.    If the gentleman ¡
from Virginia had consulted his colleague, [Mr  I
Mercer,] he could have informed him that he
(Mr C ) had subsequently proposed to him to
include both these cases    The gentleman might
make the inquiry as broad as he pleased,  he was
himself disposed to give latitude for the most ex-
tensive examination.   The gentleman from Vir- .
gmia had also ascribed to the motion he had of- I
fered a design to "whitewash" the Secretary of
the Treasury.    He was surprised at this charge,
when he had expressly declared, in submitting
the motion, that he had no desire whatever to serve
as a member of the committee, and that nothing
short of an order of the House would compel him
to do so.   If there was any " whitewashing " to i
be done, he should have no share m it    The gen- '
tleman had further imputed to the Speaker a de-
sign to pack the committee for the purpose of pro-
tecting the Secretary of the Treasury.    If (said
Mr. C.) there is any weight m such suspicions, i
what is the attitude of the gentleman's colleague' ,
[Mr. Garland ]    He moves that a committee be 1
appointed by ballot, to inquire into the most stu-
pendous fraud that has ever been committed, and j
that, too, by one of his own political friends—
a notorious Conservative—a uniform and bitter
enemy of the present Chief Magistrate before and .
since his original appointment.    Before he was
appointed I remonstrated against it, in a letter to
the President, and then predicted his defalcation.
But, sir, Mr. Swartwout is not the onlyGonseiv-
ative friend whom the gentleman from Virginia,
as I apprehend, will find involved in this defalca-
tion. One of the most important duties to be per-
formed  by this  committee will  be  to  ascertain i
whether other Conservatives did not participate in
the fruits of this fraud. He did not believe that this
large amount, near a million and a half, had ever
