183&..]
APPENDIX TO THE GOWGRESSIOffA-L GK>BE.
33.
25th Cong.,..3i> Sess.
Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Cushing.
Ho. of Reps.
purity of its purposes and spirit. What a spectacle
was now presented, when the particular organ of
the Administration himself [Mr. Camb^eleng]
came to the House to ask for a committee to in-
vestigate facts of extraordinary official corrup-
tion happening under that Administration. Its
friends it would seem, were driven, by the irre-
sistible impulse of circumstances, no longer to
resist investigation. They could not withstand
the astounding exposures which had risen up in
judgment against them. Accordingly they put
on the attitude of fairness, and proposed inquiry.
But wlwt inquiry? It was of secondary conse-
quence what were the defaults of individuals.
There, was nothing to examine in the specific case
of .Swartwout. All the facts were proved and
established. There they were, authenticated upon
the official papers of the Treasury! All that re-
mained of that case was trivial in itself, and little
worthy of the special agency of a select commit-
tee of the House. It was material to inquire what
other defaulters there were, not yet detected, that
the Treasury might be saved from further losses,
it was materia! to look into the dishoner which
such acts brought on the country. And it was
material to see whether the defalcations, of which
this one was but a specimen, and which reflected
so much discredit on the country, did not devolve
indelible disgrace upon the Administration under
which- they happened. These were the pinching
points in the relations of a case of official enormity
unheard of in the annals of the nation.
But did the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cambreíeng] himself propose investigation of
these the true objects of such investigations? Not
at all. But now, since such further inquiry had
been proposed to the friends of the Administration,
a change had come over the spirit of their dream.
They begin to shrink from the consequences of
the ascertained facts, and of a due inquiry into
all the relations of those facts. But here the facts
are, gross as a mountain, open, palpable. And
" what trick, what device, what starting hole is
there to escape from this open and apparent
shame ?" The House now begins to see what
this.(Jew8 is. It is clear what the train of thought
is, passing through the mind of the gentleman
from New York. It has been hinted before.
Swartwout, we are told, is a Conservative, and
opposed to the Administration; and thus gentle-
men seek to shift from their shoulders the pres-
ent load of ignominy. The answer is obvious.
Whether he be a Conservative or not, his default
happened by the fault of the Administration, its
gross neglect to make due examination, its want
of ordinary care, if nothing worse, by reason of
which these peculations had run through a space
of years, and had swollen from hundreds to hun-
dreds of thousands. It mattered not, therefore,
what party Swartwout belonged to, Whig or
Tory, Conservative or Destructive; still, for his
peculation the Administration was responsible be-
fore God and man. But was it not amusing
enough to hear the gentleman from New York
throwing off this Swartwout case upon the Oppo-
sition? Was it not notorious that that individual
was one of the special pets of Andrew Jackson—
appointed as his particular friend—appointed as a
memorial of their ancient association in Burr's
conspiracy—appointed because of his distin-
guished services as an electioneering partisan,
actively instrumental in behalf of the late Presi-
dent? And had not his defalcations gone on for
seven or eight years before Swartwout wavered
in his allegiance to the powers that be? Under
these circumstances, it was absurd—it was more,
it was superlatively ridiculous—to say that the
Whigs, the wicked Whigs, the cunning Whigs,
were laboring to screen one of themselves. No
such thing. This device will not avail the Ad-
ministration. Vainly will they say, with Lady
Macbeth, "Out, damned spot!" It will not out.
They are steeped in guilt to the very elbows.
There is not water enough in the deep sea to wash
them clean of the indelible proofs of their cor-
ruption.
And again: Is Swartwout the only peculator
before the House ? To pass ov«r the lesser names
of Boyd and the rest, is there not William M.
Price, thecrack orator of Tammany Hall, the pe-
culiar party adviser of Mr. Van Buren ia the city
No. 3
of New York, the special friend there of the gen-
tleman himself, [Mr. Cambreleng,] the man to
bring up to the polls the thousand of the faithful
of New York in solid columns in his behalf? Do
these artful Whigs desire to screen him? They
cannot screen Swartwout without screening Price.
They are par nobile fratrum—Arcades ambo. They
have risen together, and fallen together, and to-
gether they are linked for good and for evil.
But the gentleman from New York seems to
think that the appointment of a committee, by
ballot, is to screen the guilty. Was there ever
anything more absurd ? How to screen the
guilty? Why, such a mode of appointment is
working in the dark, forsooth. In the dark!
What? Here, in the face of Heaven, and of
this bright sun, and these assembled crowds
of spectators gazing upon us, is a vote here an
act performed in the dark ? Preposterous!
Whether by ballot or viva voce, (and Mr. C. said
he was indifferent which,) such a mode of ap-
pointment was not in the dark. An appointment
by the Speaker, in his private apartment, alone,
with no eye on him but God's, that, and that
alone, was an appointment in the dark. But
again: Early in the session, when this defalcation
was first discussed, here or elsewhere, we heard
something of a "President's committee." The
Richmond Enquirer told us there was to be a
"President's committee." This is what the
country does not want. It wants no President's
committee, but a people's committee; and such a
committee the House means to have; one todo
its duty, not to the President, but to the country.
Strike where it may, such a committee there
ought to be; one to probe corruption to the very
bottom; to penetrate the very vitals of guilt; to
denounce punishment on the wrongdoer, whoever
he be, high or low, friend or foe, and wherever a
blow may be advantageously struck. It can be
done. It will be done. Such a committee must
do its duty to the nation, whose eyes would be
upon it with sleepless jealousy. Its members
will have to take heed to themselves, and explore
all the crooked ways of corruption, and unearth
the guilty, without fear, favor, or affection. He
thatlinches in the hour of trial will be lashed into
the path of duty by the whips of general indigna-
tion, and, if he fails, will become a mark for the
linger of scorn to the end of time. Therefore it
is that there should be a choice of the committee
by the House; not (said Mr. C.) that I mean any
imputation on the integrity of the Speaker, but
because the influences of party should be excluded
from the question, and ample regard be had to j
the appointment of a committee of investigation,
in the most solemn form recognized by the House,
with the stamp of its immediate power and au-
thority upon it, that it may so far as possible
have the confidence of the country, and its report
go forth to the world as the voice of the people's
House of Representatives.
Mr. PICKENS inquired of the Chair whether
it was a rule of the House, as lately established,
that the election vivavoce applied to committees of
the House.
The CHAIR replied in the negative. It ap-
plied to officers of the House alone.
Mr. PICKENS. I am in favor of the most
unlimited and unrestricted investigation the case
demands. My only objection is to a change in
the mode of choosing committees. It is the
established practice of the House for the Chair to
appoint them. The reason of this, I suppose,
has been to enable the House to act with energy
and decision. It is impossible, in practice, to
bring so numerous a body to act, otherwise, with
any decision. Especially is this the case in the
short session. Yet, although I am opposed to
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia, on
principles of expediency and policy, and though
l^believe the difficulty of the inquiry to be so
great that it cannot be gotten through with this
session, yet I will vote for the resolution, because
gentlemen who are clamorous for an investiga-
tion, wish the resolution to pass in that form. I
will give them all they ask. Let them probe cor-
ruption to the very bottom. I will not shield the
guilty. I will hold up defaulters to the sun in the
heavens, a'nd let the flies blow on them, and let
the world gwe at the corruption that covers them.
The gentlemen shall have justice done, so far as
my vote can go.
I should not now trouble the House had I not
been referred to by several gentlemen who have
been up. What! do gentlemen suppose that,
because I choose to support an Administration
because it supports the principles of the Consti-
tution, my mouth is to be shut w'hen corrup-
tion is to be exposed ? If they do, they have
greatly mistaken me. Neither the smiles of party
favor, nor the pitiful denunciations of party ma-
lignity, shall ever deter me from treading the path
of honor and virtue. I do believe that there has
existed most shameful corruption in the country.
Take your committee, and go and Search it out,
and purge the country from the contamination.
But when you attribute this defalcation and that
defalcation to this or that peculiar system of
managing the public finances, I enter my protest'
against all such deductions. As well might you
attempt to make God responsible for sin because
he has breathed life into human beings. Noy's'r;
whatever gentlemen may charge upon the Sub-
Treasury scheme, I believe that much of this rob-,
bery is chargeable on the legislation of this body.
You have thrown millions upon millions' into the'
keeping of the Treasury, and human naturVis*
not always able to withstand the force of tempta-
tion. I did not vote for these measures. In 1835-
the House voted to place $3,OGO,0O&, in one' grosW.
sum, in the hands of the Executive, to be üí$jp{fg£&
of, at his discretion, in the public service,.wititóuf
specifying a single object to which ítrsh,oulá M
applied. Thank God, no man can say thatÍ sus-
tained such proceedings. The gentleman ¡ras
quoted Shakspeare. I will say to him, " Thtfa
canst not say" I did it." I will not screen"any
man from investigation. I go for the strictest re-
sponsibility of every officer of Government to thia
House. These principles have always governed1
me; and no temptation shall seduce me to depart
from them. Let no one suppose I shall abandon
them for party considerations. I scorn it. I wilt
express my sentiments here with the mostperfeet
freedom. No party ties shall bind me down on
questions of corruption. Take your committee.
You shall have my vote. Take it. But still f
believe the thing will prove a failure. I desir*'
that the examination be full and prompt. I should-
think that a committee, if appointed by the fJbair,
ought to have upon it a majority of those srhoaré
heartily in favor of the inquiry. But genflémert
desire another mode of raising the cbmmit'téé, and
they shall have it. As to the poor, miserable p'arfcV*
tactics about whether the defaulter has "tí'eérOt
Whig, or a Conservative, or a friend of the 'Ad-
ministration, it is to me not a matter of the siighf-
est interest. I would not turn on my heel tó sav^
the President himself, if he is justly chargeable.
Again, I say, take my vote.
Mr. WISE next rose and said he was glad he
had got the floor at last. He wanted it, that he
might reply to the remarks of the gentleman frórÁ
New York over the way, [Mr. Cambrelen o;] but
first he would say a few words in answer to what;
had judt fallen from the gentleman from South
Carolina.
The question now is only whether this investi-
gation shall be made bona fide. An investigation
is proposed; the Administration itself proposes it;
and if you will give them only such a sort of inves-
tigation as they seek, verily they will go for it.
But the question now is, and it is emphatically tin
question, whether fhe investigating committee shall
be appointed by Mr. Speaker, or by this House;
whether it shall be appointed here by ballot, or in
the secresy of the Speaker's chamber. And what
is the rule > Does its spirit and letter contemplate
that committees shall he appointed by the Chair
alone? No; it says, indeed, that they shall be
appointed by theSpeaker,tmiess the House determ-
ine otherwise, " in which case they shall be ap-
pointed by ballot." The rule obviously contem-
plates and provides for the occurrence of cases in
which there will be a necessity that the House
take the matter into their own hands. Sir, I wilt
put a case: supposing there should arise a timé in!
this country, when we have a corrupt Executive?
in the White House, and a gentleman presMiá^
over this House to which orders from such Bxiea-
tivo are kw.   We may suppose sacli a case, i.pre-
