34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 8,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Defalcation of Samuel Swartivout—Mr. Cushing.
Ho. of Reps.
sume, and suppose further, that through the thou-
sands of post offices and the hundreds of land
offices the Executive has exerted a powerful pat-
ronage, and given office to his partisans who are
wastefully and shamelessly squandering and plun-
dering the public money, anu that, when inquiry
is moved into these abuses, the Executive has a
tool there, (pointing to the Chair,) there may still
perhaps be honest men enough on this floor to be
disposed to probe the corruption of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. PICKENS here inquired whether the gen-
tleman intended to allude to him.
Mr. WISE.    Not at all; the supposed case had
no reference to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina; the case referred to a state of things when
the Administration had its devoted friend in the
chair of this House.    Mr. Speaker, is not such a
case supposable?    Would it be so very strange
a thing in these times?    Is it not at least a pos-
sible case ?    Sir, I will not go back to the commit-
tees of 1836 and 1837, nor remind you and this
House in  what  manner   you  appointed  them.
There is now a minority of this House in opposi-
tion to the Administration; but at the same time,
there isa majority opposed to your fine Admims- j
tration scheme of a Sub-Treasury, and who are ■
for probing the corruptions which have grown up i
under a system which, though thrice rejected, the ¡
President is determined to force on the country. ¡j
Is the Speaker with that majority?   And if nut, :;
what sort of probing shall we have from a com- J J
mittee of his naming ?                                                 J |
Again:  My friend from South Carolina tells : I
us, in tone and spirit of past time, that you will j l
not catch him screening plunderers; no, sir, not ¡|
fly-blowing can  harden  him  to their distress. ¡¡
Well, sir, this is the tone I was wont to hear j'
echoing through this Hall when the gentleman ¡
stood side by side with me, and went heart and j
hand for a bona fide investigation of abuses.   Yet ¡
the honorable gentleman will allow me to say that i
he seems  to  grant the  investigation   somewhat !
grudgingly,    tie says, " take your committee !" i
"take my vote," " take it," if you will have it—
«'take it."    Sir,  I  should rather have expected .
him to ask that vote from others, than thus to !
grant it as if extorted.    " Take it," is language I |
should rather have expected from the gentleman i
from New York, [Mr. Cambrelenq.]    But, sir, ;
all this is easily explained.    It all arises from the j
peculiar position  my friend  occupies.    Ho  de- I
nounces the Whigs as a pitiful, disappointed fac- I
won; yet, permit me to say, he stands with those I
who seem to be very much like a disappointed ¡i
faction themselves.    I am glad, however, thatthe ¡I
gentleman and his friends are at least not with the i j
Administration.    He cares not a farthing on what I i
party the blow shall fall; he would not turn on |j
his heel to save the President.   Indeed!   Hasaji
change corne over the spirit of his dream ?   Does
he begin to distrust the sincerity of that party for
whose embrace he left his old friends ?    I expected
it would be so.    And I congratulate my friend
and the country that it is so.
Again: My friend from South Carolina says,
and saya truly, that the defalcations are not to be
attributed to this system or lo that. No, sir, it is
neither to a Bank of the United States, nor to the
State banks, nor to the Sub-Treasury, that you j
are to attribute these enormous corruptions. No. !
Have what system you may, if you put its admin-
istration into the hands of w:ck«5 and incompetent
rulers, the plan must fail of doing any good. That
has been proved by the course of this Administra-
tion. The defalcation of Swartvvout commenced
under the United States Bank system; it went on
under the system of pet banks; and it reached its
consummation under the Sub-Treasury system,
which is now in full operation " notwithstanding
any lamentations, here or elsewhere." Is there,
then, no remedy? Yes, there is one, and only one:
the remedy is a general turn out: that, and that
alone, is our only hope of salvation.
Again: My friend and myself differ materially
in another point. He blames the appropriations
of Congress for this corruption. To that there is
an nnswer, pat and plain. Were these moneys,
which Swartwout stole, ever in the Treasury?
Never, Then they were not appropriated out of
ths Treasury.   No, sir.   Appropriations by this
House had nothing to do with it. They were
custom-house bonds and other securities, stolen
in transitu, before they ever got into the Treasury.
So far from being appropriated, they were never
even deposited. How, then, can my honorable
friend say that our appropriations are to blame for
the theft ?
But I come now, Mr. Speaker, to reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cambreleng.] I asked him before, why he did
not include the case of Price in his motion for in-
quiry; and he now tells me, in reply, that it would
have been wonderful if he had, because the depart-
ure of Mr. Price was not then heard of. Indeed,
sir! Mr. Price embarked on the 6th; the news
immediately reached the Treasury by his letter;
and the gentleman's resolution was offered on the
10th.
Mr. CAMBRELENG here explained. The
case of Swartwout had been mentioned in the
President's message. The moment it was an-
nounced, he had offered his resolution. Price's
letter was published in the newspapers.
Mr. WISE. I refer the gentleman to the Jour-
nal. There is the entry. His resolution was moved
on the 10th.
Mr. CAMBRELENG. Was it not on the 8ib
Mr. WISE.    No, sir; it was on the 10th,
Mr. CAMBRELENG. 1 thought it bod been
earlier.
Mr. WISE. No, sir, no earlier. William
Price, the coorator of the gentleman from New
York, who preceded him at Tammany-------
Mr. CAMBRELENG. I refer the gentleman
to his colleague who sits near me, [Mr. Mercer,]
whether I did not suggest to him to include the
cose of Price.
Mr. WISE. Oh ho! You did !—ah !—well!
Then the gentleman did know of Price's case, else
how could he have suggested to my colleague to
include it?
Mr. MERCER said it was very true that the
honorable gentleman had made to him such a sug-
gestion. Intending himself to offer a resolution id
almost the same words with that which had sub-
sequently been offered by his honorable colleague
on the other side, [Mr Garland,] Mr. M. had
submitted it to the gentleman from New York,
who said he was willing to accept all of it but the
clause providing for the appointment of the inves-
tigating committee by ballot,
_ Mr. WISE. Well, sir. The matter stands pre-
cisely in statu quo. The gentleman did know of
Price's defalcation, though hehas just said, for the
second time, that he did not. There is no escaping.
The gentleman knew it, but did not include it in
his resolution. Why ? Mr. Price is agood, gen-
uine, full-blooded Locofoco. Swartwout was a
Conservative. Swartwout's case must be ex-
amined—nothing said about Price's. Sir, Mr.
Price followed the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Cameiieleng,]
upon the hustings at Tammany, and harangued
the mob there assembled to convince them that
the Sub-Treasury was the best scheme in the
world for keeping the public money, in which I
doubt not he was very sincere. Sir, they were
ccorators, co-plotters; but, as God would have it,
both of them—doubling teams as they did—both
of them were defeated—ay, sir, put to the rout.
But, sir, the honorable gentleman is very indig-
nant about this charge of whitewashing; and, to
prove that the committee was not to be a white-
washing committee, he reminds me that he desired
not to be put upon it. Sir, I know he did not
desire to be put on that committee. No, sir; the
Administration has other uses for that gentleman.
He is worked sufficiently by being put at thehead
of the Committee of Ways and Means. But the
gentleman well knew that, though he was not to
be at the head of the whitewashing, there were
other gentlemen strong in spirit and ardent in zeal
who stood ready to serve the party in any way.
I did say, and I here repeat, that, judging of the
future from the past, if this committee of inquiry
shall be appointed by that Speaker, (pointing to the
Chair,) it will be a whitewashing committee.
My colleague [Mr. Mason] wants the commit-
tee appointed by ballot, in order to avoid impu-
tations on the Speaker; I want it appointed by
ballot, to avoid the Speaker himself.   To avoid
imputations! After the experience I have had, my
colleague would not talk in such holiday terms
about avoiding imputations on the impartiality of
the Chair. We had two investigating commit-
tees in 1837-'38. I was at thehead of one, and my
colleague, who sits on this side of the House, [Mr.
Garland,] was at the head of the other. Well,
sir, and how were they constituted? As I said
lately, the committee was size-Ires. Every throw
of the dice was still size-Ires. Sir, not only had Í
to play with a stocked pack, but the dice were
loaded. Sir, can the people play against this Ad-
ministration with false cards and false dice? No,
sir. If I play again, it must be with gentlemen,
and at an honorable game. Further: if I catch a
rogue cheating me of my money, T will punish
him; and never will I play with that man again.
The gentleman from New York goes for the
"ordinary course." Ay, for the ordinary course.
And so does the Secretary of the Treasury, who,
through his agent here, the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Coshman,] told the House that
he was very willing for an investigation provided
the committee was appointed in the usual mode.
Mr, CUSHMAN rose to explain amidst cries
of" No!" " No '." He had stated that, in regard
to the mode of Appointing the committee, the
Secretary had made no allusioo at all.
Mr. WISE. Oh, no, sir; none at all. But his
friend, the honorable gentleman from New Hamp-
shire (without, of coarse, the least conference or
understanding with the Secretary) is willing an
investigation should take place, provided the com-
mittee is appointed in the usual mode. Well, sir,
and what is the " usual mode?" I may say, the
universal mode?   Why, sir, it is size-ires.
The gentleman from New York said, or insinu-
ated, that the Conservatives here wished to white-
wash their friend,Mr. Swartwout. Why,sir, who
is Samuel Swartwout? Who appointed him? Sir,
it was the Greatest and Best. 1 would inquire of
the honorable gentleman whether this was his cer-
tificate of recommendation, (pointing to a book in
his hand.) There is a book in the Library which
bears the title of "Burr's Trial,"and the man who
appointed Mr. Swartvvout collector of New York
was a wimes3 on that trial, and knew all the facts
as well ¡f not better, than any other man. Per-
haps ha knew, too, that Aaron Burr gave Samuel
Swartwout a letter of introduction to General Wil-
kinson.    I will read it:
"Philadelphia, July 25, 1805.
"Dear Sir: Mr, Swartwout, the brother of
' Colonel S., of New York, being on his way down
< the Mississippi, and presuming that he may pass
' you at some post on the river, has requested of
'me a letter of introduction, which I gave with
' pleasure, as he is a most amiable young man, and
'highly respectable from his character and con-
• ¡lections. I pray you to afford him any friendly
' offices which his situation may require, and beg
' you to pardon the trouble which this may give
'you.                                                      *
"With entire respect, your friend and obedient
'servant,                                             A. BURR.
" His Excellency General Wilkin sos."
Ay, sir, the same Swartwout, that "amiable
young man," was thebearerin the sameenvelope
of all of Burr's treasonable plots. Swartwout was
saved from prosecution himself only by coming out
in a manly manner as a witness against the con-
spirators. This man—thus tainted—thus marked
with the plague spot of treason—this Levi the
son of Alpheus, was appointed to sit at the receipt
of customs in the great commercial metropolis; and
the party approved it. Yet they themselves now-
come forward and tell us that this traitor to his
country commenced his work of spoliation from
the very commencement of his term of office, and
continued it for several years, and never ceased tilt
his term expired; and yet the Government never
suspected him ! And now we are to be told that
he wa3 " a Conservative!"
Sir, i will put to the gentleman and to the
House a case in simple equations—in the rule of
three: If Samuel Swartwout, who was a Conserva-
tive, and so but half a genuine Locofoco, stole a
million and a quarter, how much would he have
stolen had he been full-blooded ? 1 suppose at
least two millions and a half.   It seems, however,
