1839.)                          _____APPENDS* ¿PO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         43
35thCong....3d Sf.ss.
Dry Socks—Mr. Thompson.
,.i,H0..X)S';B!EI,S 
debate, and if there is the slightest ground for hope
that the proposition can succeed, 1 shall move to
amend the bill by making an appropriation for a
navy-yard at Beaufort, North Carolina.
My principal object is to call attention to the
confessions of my colleague, [Mr. C. Shepard,]
who is now emphatically " on the other side."
He said, sir, among other things, that when ap-
propriations were made for the North, all parties
went "in mass,in solid column." Now, sir, the
politicians in my part of the world, who belong to
the Administration, charge the Whigs with all the
extravagant expenditures. I hope that chai ge will
no longer be made, as one of their own party now
confesses the contrary.
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that I heard other re-
marks from my colleague, which I must be al-
lowed to say, are in bad taste from a member of
Congress from North Carolina. They sound
strangely in my ears, coming from my colleague,
who has heretofore, I thought, entertained more
liberal views. I disapprove of this eternal thun-
dering, on this floor, from certain southern mem-
bers, against what they are pleased to call the
" miserable local appropriations" of one section.
We have other causes which, if not removed,
must inevitably tend to array one portion of the
Confederacy against the other. It may be, and
probably is, true that our northern brethren are
more attentive,to their interests than we are; that
they understand better than we what Sam Slick
calls " ciphering;" but, sir, let us do them jus-
tice upon this subject of appropriating money.
As far as my experience goes, I have never known
any northern man oppose an appropriation for
the southern country, because it was the south-
ern country. Unquestionably, too, millions of
public money may have been wasted in building
harbors, clearing out creeks, and improving
streams, which nature never intended to be navi-
gable. Much of this has been done in the last
eight years. A large portion of this may have
been spent at the North; but why was it spent
there? Why have we of the South had so little
public money expended for our advantage? My
colleague knows the reason. It has been the
policy of many of our " economical Democrats,"
as they call themselves, not only to refuse to aek
far, to demand, any appropriations, but to refuse
to take them when they were offered. If we
please, we can admire the consistency of this class
of politicians, who, no doubt, were honest in the
constitutional opinions they entertained in de-
clining to allow the General Government to make
improvements within their States. But then it
comes with an ill grace from us to censure others
for the consequences of our own conduct.
Mr. Chairman, I am a southern man. I thank
my God that I am. Next to learning the Lord's
Prayer and the Ten Commandments, I was taught
to venerate the character, protect the interests,
and defend the honor of North Carolina. I still
cherish the recollections of these early lessons.
They " grow with my growth, and strengthen
with my strength." And, sir, I regard it as a
duty I owe to my State and my country to avoid
creating sectional feelings. In doing so, we for-
get the advice of the Father of his Country, and
the dignity which becomes the representatives of
sovereign States.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Pickens,] who has just taken his seat, habitually
indulges in declamation of this kind. He has
just put forth a shower of denunciatory epithets
against what he calls " miserable local appropria-
tions." I would ask the gentleman what kind of
appropriations he sanctions. If I am not mis-
taken, we made an appropriation last session for
some work near Charleston. This was sustained,
and properly, by the arguments of gentlemen
from that State. Does he call this " local appro-
priation?" ' And what appropriations will that
gentleman approve of if he objects to local appro-
priations?
I regret, sir, to have been forced to object to the
opinions of my colleague. But I have been un-
accustomed to healing from North Carolina the
avowal of feelings and opinions which inevitably
tend to alienate one portion of our country from
the other.
Mr. THOMPSON said that there could be no
more just exponent of the times we live in, and
the mode of doing business in this body, than the
extreme anxiety of gentlemen to rush this bill
through the House after an hour's discussion, and
with an almost total ignorance of every important
fact involved. We are asked to make a beginning
in an appropriation which will require two millions
to complete the work, without estimates of any
sort, without any reasons showing its necessity,
or, if necessary at all, that the points proposed
are the most advantageous. Why this " indecent
haste" to expend millions, and, what makes it
worse, with a bankrupt Treasury? He had not
offered his amendment for the paltry purpose of
defeating the measure. He disdained to resort to
such tricks. But he believed, nay, he did not hesi-
tate to say that he would prove, beyond the possi-
bility of refutation, that the interests of the country
demanded a dry-dock at Pensacola more than at
New York and Philadelphia both put together.
What, sir, is the chief use of a dry-dock ? Not for
building, but for repairing vessels. We have now
a dry-dock at Norfolk and one at Boston, and it is
proposed to have another at New York, to which
he did not object. But what earthly use can there
be for another at Philadelphia, when there is one
on either side of that place within one hundred
miles? Is not that enough, in all conscience, and
more especially when there is not, from the capes
of the Chesapeake to the Sabine, a single point at
which even a long-boat can be repaired? As to
building ships, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Sergeant] tells you that the largest ship
ever built in America, the Pennsylvania, was built
at Philadelphia, as a proof of the ship-building
capabilities of that place, and as an argument for
the establishment of a dry-dock there. To his
mind (Mr. T. said) it proved precisely the reverse
of the latter proposition. If such a ship as the
Pennsylvania was built without a dry-dock, it
was the must conclusive proof that one was
not necessary for the employment of the ship-
building talents of Philadelphia. A dry-dock is
not needed for building ships; and surely, when
there are two within a hundred miles of Philadel-
phia, another is not needed for repairing them.
But at Pensacola the case is different, for the
slightest injury to a ship on the southern Atlantic
coast, or on the Gulf, cannot be repaired nearer
than Norfolk. This in time of peace; but, in the
event of war, what would be our condition ? Why,
sir, that, at the very point which must inevitably
be the seat of that war, and where our ships must
be required, there is no place to repair them in
fifteen hundred miles. Naval stations for repair-
ing vessels should be located where they are most
likely to be required. Where, for example, are
the dry-docks of France? Not at Bordeaux, the
great commercial metropolis, but at Brest, Toulon,
and Cherbourg. Where are those of England?
Not at Liverpool or London, but at Portsmouth
and Chatham.
At what point would an enemy be most apt to
strike? Most certainly at the Gulf of Mexico.
If for no other reason, because the possession of
the debouch of the Mississippi would give the
command of the commerce of five sixths of the
Union—more important than the possession of i
New York and Philadelphia both. And where
else but in the West Indies (in that immediate
neighborhood) can any foreign nation congregate
their fleet3 previous to an attack? Besides, the
immense value of the commerce of those islands
makes that the most important theater of naval
conflicts. With a view to these most important
considerations he would say that, cost what it
might, Pensacola, or some other point on the gulf,
should be made an important naval station. If
nature had not done all that was necessary, let
art assist at whatever cost. But is such the case ?
No, sir; far from it. He did not hesitate to say
that no place on our whole coast presented such
advantages; and that in favor of no single point
was there such an accumulation of testimony as
that which exists as to Pensacola. A 'nte ^ec-
retary of the Navy, Mr. Southard, with that
enlarged and enlightened patriotism which has j
illustrated his whole public life, long since urged \ I
this subject upon Congress.   He says in a report ¡|
to Congress: " The whole country from the 41-
' leghany to the Gulf, is interested in the establish
' ment of a naval station at Pensacola, , Wi^t
' whatever nation we maybe a* .war, the principal
'theater will be the Gulf,of Mexico, and t6«
< object of attack the commerce of the Alisáis*
' sippi."
The board of engineers, with the, undivided
authority of that body, say, " situated as Pensa-
' cola is, with respect to the country on, either
' hand, the immense regions behind it, its. rare
' properties as a harbor become of inappreciable
1 value. First. It is accessible to the largest class
' of sloops and frigates. Second. Its bar is near
' the coast. Third. It is perfectly land locked.
1 Fourth. It has excellent facilities for building,
' repairing, and launching, and for docks and 4ock-
« yards. Fifth. Abundance of good water. Sixth.
' It is perfectly defensible." Commodore Dallas
says: " The bar is twenty-three feet at low water,
' and only twenty-seven is required for the largest
• ships. There will be no difficulty in deepening
' to any required extent. But to the seven depth
' of feet nothing can be more practicable." Com-
modore Ridgely uses almost the very samejarj-
guage, to which is added the testimony of Rogeys,
Bainbridge, Warrington, Kearney, Bidttle^WQoJ-
sey, Ballard, Clarkson, Slidell—of almost every
officer who has given glory to our Navy, «nd>f
one of a very different sort, the illustrious her,o,qf
Charleston harbor. Every officer of both, the land
and the naval service, without one exception, con-
curs in its importance as a station, as well ás the
perfect practicability of making it one. 'Why wiji
gentlemen then continue to say, give us inforD|to
tion and we will vote the appropriation? * Wfiaí
do they want? What can be added to what we
already have? What else can be furnished? Do
gentlemen, not relying upon the opinion of these
able men, skilled in this department, desire the data
upon which to judge themselves? Let them look
into the reports of the late Secretary Southard,
and of the various naval officers who have been
on that station, and they will find them. They
will find a bar now twenty-three feet deep, at low
water, and, what is of more consequence, a bar
that has not changed half an inch in one hundred
and twenty years. By a survey made by the
French Government in 1730, the depth is .precisely
whatitnowis, A cannon sunk on the bar thirty
years ago has been recently found not in the slight-
est degree imbedded. The bar is now deep erí^íígh
for all vessels except of the very largistsize, aijd
maybe, with perfect ease, dredged to any r/e°q.uired
depth—to sixty feet, if needed.             *          "'   '"
The valley of the Mississippi, too, furníslés
every single article that is needed in ship-b(iil3irjg,
iron, copper, lead, zinc, hemp, live-oák, every-
thing necessary in ship-building—and, I might
add, everything (in the remarkable language of
Talleyrand to Bonaparte, when remonstrating
against the cession of Louisiana) that is needed
by civilized man. And are we to be told that
these materials for ship-building must all be sent
round to northern navy-yards, to be worked up
by northern mechanics, and not only that, but
we are to have no naval station on our whole ex-
tended southern and Gulf coast, no place in time
of war for a naval station; none in less than fifteen
hundred miles, where the ships, so absolutely
necessary for our protection, may be repaired?
And this, too, is refused us at the very moment
that gentlemen ask us to add two more to the
dry-docks already accessible in the North. That
Philadelphia, with two already within a hundred
miles, is too remote; but that fifteen hundred
miles is not too far for southern fleets to be taken
for repairs? In 1825, the President was directed
to purchase a site, erect buildings, and establish
a naval station at Pensacola. Has anything ef-
fectual, as yet, been done? In 1836, by collecting
together a set of the most revolting facts, showing
the grossest neglect, not only of southern, but of
national interests, I wrung from the House a small
appropriation for these great objects; yet scarcely
any of that small appropriation has, as yet, been
expended. Am I, sir, (said Mr. T.,)are the peo-
ple of the South, to be silenced by the miserable
excuse that there was some dispute about the title
to the ground owned by the Government?"   Why
