1939.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hi-
25th Cong....3b Sess.
Graduation Bill—Mr. Young, of Illinois.
' SÍSATE.'
cultivation; the erection of colleges and other insti-
tutions of learning for the education of our youth;
by giving the right of preemption to actual settlers;
by reducing the price from time to time, as the
best lands are taken up; and in the end, and in a
reasonable time, by a sunender of the unsalable
iunds unconditionally to the States in which they
he.
These, Mr. President, are some of the reasons,
apart from the power to tax these lands, which
induce most of us from the West to oppose the
gilded scheme of distributions among the States,
which has been presented to the Senate under such
an alluring aspect, that scarcely the new States
themselves could resist the temptation. In my
judgment, sir, it is far better for the new States
that the avails of the public lands should come
into the common fund, and be applied to the com-
mon purposes of the whole Union; and if we must
continue to beg for favors and indulgences to our
citizens, let us rather apply to Congress, as we
have done, than be thrown upon either the charity
or liberality of the Legislatures of the States.
But, sir, I have one more matter in relation to
the preemption bill of the last session, of which I
intended to speak, and I shall be-done with that
part of the subject. Towards 'the close of the de-
bate, and just before the vote upon'the engross-
ment for the third and last reading was taken, the
honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Prentiss]
proposed the following amendment by way of
addition to the bill:
" Nor shall any person have any right, or be
' entitled to a patent, under, or by virtue of this
1 act, without paying, in addition to the statute
'minimum price, at least one half of the real value
' of the ¡and above that price, not including im-
' provements, to be ascertained by three judicious
'and disinterested appraisers, under oath, to be
' appointed by the register of the land office in the
' district where the land is situated."
On the yeas and nays being demanded, the fol-
lowing was the vote:
"For the amendment: Messrs. Clay of Ken-
' tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Merrick,
' Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Southard, and Spence
'-^lO.
"Against it: Messrs. Allen, ronton, Brown,
' Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Cutbbert, Pulton,
' Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mou-
' ton, Nicholas, Ñiles, Nprveli, Pierce, Robinson,
' Sevier,Smith of indiana, Tipton, Walker, Web-
' ster. White, Williams, Wright, and Young—
'27."
Here, Mr. President, was a direct proposition
to compel the settler to pay an increased price
over and above the price of $1 25 per acre as the
price of his preemption, according to avalué to
be assessed at the time of entry, or to submit to
the alternative of being turned away from his
home, for the benefit of some fortunate speculator
who might be willing to pay an increased price
for his improvement; and for this proposition,also,
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.Ci,AY]
voted. Is this not hostility to western interests?
I would ask the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, and the honorable Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Prentiss,] who brought it forward, as well
as those by whom it was advocated, if these
lands are valuable, who made them so ? Were
they thus valuable in theirwilduncultivated state,
or have they been made so by the labor and en-
terprise of those who went upon them and incor-
porated their labor with the soil? And, sir,upon
this subject, again allow me to recur to the hon-
orable Senator's Richmond speech, for argumenta
much better, and conveyed in language far more
eloquent and convincing than any at my com-
mand. The honorable Senator, [Mr. Clat,]
when speaking of the difference between land in
its wild and improved state, said:
"Land, before it is improved, may be com-
' pared to the raw material, with its improvements,
' to a fabricated article. A farm with all its fields,
' its houses, orchards, gardens, lawns, and shrub-
' beries, no more resembles the same land in its
1 native state, before these various improvements
' are put upon it, than a piece of Brussels lace
' does the flax out of which it is wrought.   And
' wbuid it not be monstrous to say to the innocent
' possessor and manufacturer of a raw material,
' that he should surrender the article, uncompen-
* sated for his labor and expense?"
In respect to the rule which hecontended should
prevail as to the value of the land, he further said:
"Not to go into other codes, what is the pro-
' vision made by the laws of our common ances-
' tors in the Colony of Virginia, when its condi-
' tion bore a faint resemblance to that of Ken-
' tucky?" Here Mr. Clay quoted several laws
of the Colony of Virginia, passed nearly two cen-
turies ago, providing that the true owner should
compensate the seator of land. Hecontended that
they were more unfavorable to the true owner
than the laws of Kentucky, because the first of
them compensated even the squatter; none of them
gave rents; and, although all of them secured to
the true owner the election to take the land and
improvements, upon paying the value of seating,
to be assessed by a jury, or the value of the land
without the improvements; the land to be valued
at the time of seating, not that of assessment.
Here, then, Mr. President, we have a practical
illustration of the true rule of assessment, fur-
nished by the experience of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and backed by the high authority
of the colonial laws of Virginia, from whom we
derive the greater part of this vast public domain,
some of which were passed near two centuries
ago. And yet the Senator votes for the proposi-
tion to compel the settlers of the new States to
pay according to an assessment to be made at the
time of the entry, and not according to the value
at the time they first went upon the land. So
much, sir, for the preemption bill of the last ses-
sion, and of the misrepresentation of the honor-
able Senator's course in regard to it, and other
kindred measures.
I come now, sir, to submit a few remarks in
reference to the bill underdiscussion. Ithas been
said that the provisions of the bill propose to un-
settle our whole land system. What does it pro-
pose, sir? Simply to reduce the price of such lands
as have been in" market at private entry for five
years, and remain unsold, to one dollar per acre;
and such as have been in market for ten years and
upwards, under the like circumstances, to seventy-
five cents per acre; and the Operation of the bill
limited to five years. How does this unsettle the
land system ? Was not the price of the public
lands reduced from two dollars to one dollar and
twenty-five cents, the present minimum price of
the Government in 1820; and has this reduction
tended to weaken and destroy the system? Surely
not. On the contrary, it has been found, upon
experience, beneficial, in a high degree, to all the
parties concerned—both the Government here, and
the people who have purchased at the reduced
price. How, then, does the proposition now sub-
mitted, for a still further reduction, differ in princi-
ple from the reduction which took place at the
time that I have mentioned? Sir, such has been
the policy of all the States, as far as I have under-
stood, having waste lands within their limits, and
such, in my opinion, is the just policy of theGen-
eral Government towards the new States. As,for
example, in the State of Illinois, a large tract of
land, known as the " Gallatin county Saline Re-
serve," was ceded to the State for the purpose of
encouraging the manufacture of salt. In process
of time many of the works were abandoned by
the lessees of the State as unprofitable, and much
of the land became unnecessary for the purpose of
the grant. In this condition of things the Legis-
lature of the State applied to Congress for its as-
sent to the sale of a large portion of these lands,
(fifty thousand acres,) and consent was given with-
out any restriction as to the price for which, they
should besotd. Some of them were good, nonel
believe first rate, but by far the greater proportion
was of inferior quality. Well, sir, what is the
result? Jt was in the first instance, I believe, of-
fered at a dollar per acre, and a part of it wentoff;
then at seventy-five cents, when the next best por-
tions were sold, and the residue again became
unsalable; and now by the law of 1833 the price is
reduced to fifty cents per acre, and still a consider-
able part remains undisposed of, and must await
another reduction.    How is it in. Kentucky, the
Senator's [Mr. Chittenden's] ewn State? Some
years ago, Mr. President, i had occasion to visit
that part of Kentucky which lies south of the Ten-
nessee river, where the State at that time owned a
considerable quantity of the unsettled lands, which
were then in market, as I was' informed, at fifty
cents per acre, and that in Commonwealth paper,
which was depreciated so as only to be worth
about two for one; making the cash value of the
land but twenty-five cents per acre; .and to-day 1
was informed by a gentleman from that part of the
country that the present minimum price was but
twelve and a half cents peraere-^fedueed in a few
years, Mr. President, from fifty cems to but one
fourth of that sum. I mention thesecases to show,
sir, what the policy of the. States has been in re-
spect to their waste lands that have been soma
time in market. Sir, it is their policy to sell them
that they may be settled; that they may be taxed
to support the Government; and that the coantfy
may be cultivated and improved; for, in propor-
tion to private wealth is the wealth of a State, and
its condition as to revenue improved and benefited.
Of all the attributes of sovereignty, Mr. President,
none is so essential to the well-being of a-State.as
the taxing power; for, without money, sir, the
wheels of Government must stop; the Govern-
ment itself would stop and come to an end. Is it
right, therefore, thai large tracts of land in the new
States should be either kept out of inarket or held
up at prices which they could not command, in-a
reasonable time, purely as a matter of revenue?
No, sir, it is the right of the new States, arid the
duty of the old, to see that these lands are. settled,
to see that no impediment is thrown in thetw&y OÉ
their prosperity, if that be the tendency, under any
pretext whatever.                                                 -    -.
Sir, much has been said of the parental care of
the old States in providing and maintaining this
excellent land system for the benefit of the íiew
States,and of theimmense emigration to the West,
within a recent period, under its benign influence.
Sir, I have nothing to object to the system; I agree
that it is a very good one, as good a one, perhaps,
as could have been devised; but that Wastiotall
that created this immense rush to our borders.
No, sir, the panics have done much within a few
years past to add to that emigration. What was
the process, sir ? Why, Mr. President, I .have
either read it in the newspapers, or have been in-
formed in some other way, that during some of
these panics at the East and North,, thousandsjof
laborers have been dismissed from .employment
by the wealthy manufacturers in a week,, somer
times in a day—turned out of house and toonae to
beg for bread foe themselves and their suffering
families. Yes, sir, hardy, industrious laborers, who
were in the habit of working day by day for their
bread, Were in this way suddenly made beggars.
Well, Mr. President, they must do something;
they turn their eyes to the West; the next you
hear of them is at Buffalo, crowding your steam-
boats to overflowing, and bound for Detroit, and
from thence many of them to Chicago, in.Illinois.
Yes, sir, in this way thousands find their way to
our borders, and the next thing you hear of your
manufacturer of the East, he is an independent
squatter of the West, comfortably settled down
upon the public lands, and talking about preemp-
tions.
ft has been said, Mr. President, that the quan-
tity of refuse and unsalable lands in the new
States has been greatly exaggerated. It may be
so, sir. I will only speak for Illinois what Í know,
Mr. President, from long experience and personal
observation. Many of the lands intended to be
embraced by this bill, Mr. President, (I admit
there are exceptions,) are either too poor and ¡in-
productive to be desirable for cultivation, or are,
from other causes, unfit for present use, and there-
fore unsalable at the present minimum price of
the Government. Such, sir, are large waste tracts
of prairie ¡and, remote from timber, and landp
that are subject to occasional inundations, or are
otherwise too wet for successful cultivation. I
will give you an instance, sir. One of my col-
leagues of the other House [Mr. Casey] told me
this morning that a case bad been brought before
the Illinois Assembly, now sitting, to induce action
here, for sectioniziog a township of land, em the
