58                                             AgPSfiMX T ,TU#!E03IGft«SS,M>NA^.©t¿0BE                                 [January 8,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Qrqduation BUI'—Air. Clay, of Alabama-
SENATE*
EmbarrassriveryaroutKl which the exterior town-
ship lines only had been run by the Government
surveys , and the land returned a  sub|eU to in-
undation, and consequently unfit for cultivation.,
ea that it might be occupied, and in some way
rendered productive!. Now,sir, will any man say,
although,ibis may be rich bottom land, that it is
worth, the pnce- for which the public lands are
ordinarily sold? Surely noi, sir; for although it
ttiay be reclaimed to a considerable extent for a
variety of purposes, still money and labor must
be expended to render it thus valuable for any
prarpose whatever-. So it is with prairie laads in
general that are distant fi ona timber. Ifyouex-
p-ect to sell them,yoa must reduce the pi ice, so
as to nfford the inducement to purchase to sneh as
aremot able to buy the better lands, and would be
willing to encounter the inconveniences attending
these renrote srtuations on account of the differ-
ence; m the price. And, sir, one reduction should
follow another within reasonable periods until the
Whole is disposed of.
But we are told, Mr. President, that we have
had ample donations for the establishment and
maintenance of institutions of learning, colleges,
seminaries, and .common schools, for the purpose
of constructing roads and canals, for our seats of
government, and many other purposes, and we are
emphatically asked what we have given in return
foasall these advantages. I will anwer, Mr. Pres-
ident, as to some things, that Illinois, at least, has
given in return in the first place she exempted
from taxation, for thiee years, several millions of
abres which had been patented as bounties to the
soldiers of the late war, and in the second all the
lands for five years, amounting to many millions
more than have been sold since the lsi day of.
January:, 1819 Our tax tin a quarter section of
lani.m Í41tnws,Mr. President, is two dolíais and
forty cents for ordinary purposes, and one dollar
and íwtwty cents for thaapsmng and repairing of
roads, making three dollars, and sixty cents in the
whole, or each one hundred and sixty acres, of
land. Now, sir, let an y pian make the calculation,
andAe wiH find that this would amount to <ip in-
coasidarabte sum. Bat, sit, appeals have been
made to the old States, to the Senators from Vir-
ginia and Pennsylvania, here in their places, to
resist the monstrous pretensions of the new States,
that "we of the old States are required to submit
to." Sir, I trust that these appeals will not have
the effect of arraying; the old States against us, but
that they will agree with us, that it is the right of
the new States, as well as it is the duty of the old,
to gee that these lands are disposed of, and settled
in a reasonable time, and that no impediment is
thrown in the way of the occupation of the lands
wuhm our limits, and the cultivation and improve-
ment, by our hardy and enterprising citizens, of
the whole country, good, bad, and indifferent,
upon such terms as shall be just, liberal, and
equitable, to ail the parties concerned.
Still, Mr. President, I am willing to do the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Clav] the justice to
say, that with all his opposition to our land meas-
ures, and harsh expressions towards oui citizens,
to say the least of them, that he has rendered im-
portant services to the West. Yes, sir, he has
for many years stood forwaid a prominent advo-
cate for that great western measure, (the Cumber-
land road,) in which we of the West are so much
interested, and Í give him full neditforit I have
seen the monument on this side of Wheeling, said
to have beer  erected in commemoration of these
services, and 1 hope it may long stand there I,
at least, will not be among those to pull it down.
I only regret, sir, that some of out southern
friends, agreeing with us on most other questions
of national policy, cannot find it within then
constitutional competency so to act on thib all-
impoitant question to many of the States, as to |
build up similar monuments to their memory and
their fame, that should endure as long as this
" GRFAT   HlOIIttAY   <W   THE   West," which   W«S I
co fimenced under the au&pices of Mr Jefferson, I
and continued down to the present day, ur der the
successue administrations of Madison, Monroe,
.Adam , Jackson, and the present incumbent, Mr
Vi i liuien, ->haU stand itself as a monument, in '
t.ie estimation of the admiring beholder, to the ,
memory of thtjse distinguished personages 1 have
mentioned, and all those Who shall stand firmly
by it to ttoe end, in> the^day ef its trial and it 
difficulty.                                     ¡
These, Mr. President, are w.y view  in. regard
to the feelings and interest? of the people 1 repre-
sent, in respeet to this important measure, of the
reduction of the price of the public lands And
as to their patriotism under all circumstances,
whether we shall succeied or not, I will only add.,
in the language of a worthy 'predecessor, who
once occupied this seat, [the lamented Kane,) that
" if that time shall ever come, which God forbid,
' when the sun of your liberty must set, it will
* set in the West, unsullied by a single act upon
' your borders to sever this great and happy Con-
' federacy."
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, said he must beg the
indulgence of the Senate to enable him to place
himaelf regtm m eiirm.   Th,e Senator fiom Ken-
tucky Who last addressed us, [Mr. CrittenoeiJ
(he said,) had entirely misconceived him, as he
seemed to-suppose that he (Mr. C ) had imputed
hostility on the part of the, people of Kentucky
towards those of the new States.   Nothing could
be further fiom him.   He said he had never im-
puted, nor intended to be understood as imputing,
any unkind  feeling whatever on the part of the
Senator's constituents towaids his own, or the
inhabitants of any of the other States interested
in the passage of this bill    On the contrary, (Mr
0. said,) he had the best feelings towards the mass
of the people of Kentucky, whom he had ever
regarded as distinguished for thejr intelligence,
patriotism, courage, and liberality.   Nor have 1
imputed hostility to ¿he Senator from Kentucky
[Mr-, Critteisdisn] who last addressed us, nor to
any other Senator, merely because he may have
opposed or voted against this and other measures
of interest to the new States     No, sir, far be it
fiom me to regard as an enemy any honorable
member of either House, merely because he may
differ jn opinion, with me on any subject, or vote
against and oppose, by any fair and ordinary
means, such measures as I mayappiove and sup-
port.    Nor do i regard the honorable Senator's
colleague [Mr, Clay, of Kentucky] as " hostis
humumt generis "   I know his colleague is not an
enemy of the iiliole human race     I know full well
he is fiiendiy to some classes of men, and that
however unfriendly he may be to the settlers on
the public land, oi to the humble cultivator of the
soil, however opposed to this measure, and, so
far as I am able to judge, to all other measures,
favorable to the new States, he is, nevertheless,
the friend of certain privileged classes, the friend
of banksand banking corporations,and the friend
of manufacturers, monopolists, and speculators
While other Senators had opposed this and some
other measures interesting to the new States, the
honorable Senatoi's  colleague,   [Mr.  Clav,  of
Kentucky,] so far as he lecollected, had opposed
all such measures indiscriminately     His opposi-
tion had been universal, active, persevering, and
untiring    Ha knew no measure desirable to the
new States which he had not opposed.
j     But, sir, (said Mr. C ,) let us go back to the
I real question involved in the motion to amend—
Í it is simply whethel you will permit the settler
I now in the new States, who owns and cultivates
- adjoining lanas, to enter the inferior  lands em-
biaced by the bill, at the reduced prices'   In ref-
I erence to this question, the honorable Senator
[Mi   CRiTTfiNDtN] says, as did his honorable col-
j league yesterday, that he can see no reason for
j giving such a preference to a man living in the
new States, any more than to  those in the old
States, and that be will never agiee to it.   And,
pray, Mr. Piesident, whose fault is itthatany such
disctimmation whatever is to be made'   There
was no such feature in the ong'nal bill.   Under
its provisions, the right of entry at the reduced
prices was open to all the enizens of the United
States, nay, sir, open to all the wotld   As we have
stated, over and over again, the friends of the bill
sought notonly to givehomes on leasonableterms
to all who stood in need of them, but to fill up the
new States with an honebt, hardy, and industrious
population,    i he provisions of the bill, as origin-
ally brought forward, were calculated to effectuate
both these objects- But, sir, the Senatoi 's col-
league, [Mr. Clav, of Kentucky,] not content
with these broad and liberal provisions, moved its
recommitment, with instructions to confine the
privilege of purchasing at the reduced prices to
actual settlers, as well as to limit the quantity,
agreeing, however, finally to leave the restriction
as to quantity blank Well, su, the committee,
in strict conformity with the instructions, reported
the bill with such limitations, but, thought proper
to propose to amend the report, by extending the
privilege also-to the owners and cultivators of ad-
joining lands. "The Senator was foi confinmgthe
prjvilege to actual settlers alone, which was cer-
tainly a discrimination in favor of that clash, but
thje moment the Committee propose to extend the
privilege to another class—owners and cultivators
of adjoimng lands—he cries out against the dis-
crimination as odious and unjust, and appeals to
the Senators from Virginia and Pennsylvania by
name, and to those of the old States geneially, to
join him in resisting and defeating the, prqpqsj..;
Hon ' ltwill do very weW forthajtSenatoi to pro-
pose and urge a disuactiqp in favor o¡f pne class,
but it is monstrous for the committee to move to
embrace another class Í
Sir, is there no reason for giving the pioposed
privilege of entry, at the reduced prices, to those
who are now settled in the new Spates, and own-
ing and cultivating lands adjoining? He thought
there was He asked, were not this class pioneers
in the settlement and improvement of the country'
Had they not gone into the wilderness, and en-
countered all the hardships and privations inva-
riably incident to such enterprises' Had they
not, he asked, in many instances, also encoun-
tered the dangers of the savage tomahawk and
scalping knife' Ifes, (he said",) they had done all
this, and they had opened roads, built bridges,
erected churches, and school-houses, and had thus
facilitated and acceleiated fije sales of the public
domain, and could the gentleman see no merit in
these Services, and no reason to extend the priv-
ilege of entering a limited quantity Of the refuse
lands to complete the settlements they had begun'
But, sir, the Senator says it w<U be extending a
privilege to the wealthy planter of the southwest—
the man of laige possessions Although, in some
instances, men of this description might profit
under the piovision, he would beg the gentleman"
to recollect that it was not the good fortune of all
to be wealthy in that quarter There were poor
men, and those of moderate property theie, as
well as elsewhere. He wished it were otherwise,
and that eveiy one of his constituents possessed,
at least, a competency, Hesaid there weremany
men in the new States whose means had been too
limned to purchase more than a quarter section,
or in some instances eighty acres;, that the fami-
lies pf such settleia had increased in numbeis and
wants, and now H was necessary to cijHivate the
whole of the original purchase Would Senators
refuse to such an individual the privilege of ex-
tending his possessions, at the reduced puces,
when neither the settler, nor any one else, ha.d
considered the ad)omiBg land worth§1 25, though
it had been subject to entry at that price foi five,
or, perhaps, foi ten, fifteen,or twenty years' He
could not thmk so till the vote was given,
But, sir, (said Mr. C ,) the Senator fiom Ken-
tucky füitheet from me [Mr Clay] complains
that the committee did not conform tp the jn,(,tiuc-
tions, by reporting a limit to the quantity to be
entered under the bill This, sir, is a strange
objection Although the Senator proposed a lim-
itation, in theürst instance, did he not agree to
strike it out, and leave a blank' And is there
not a restriction in the original bill to one section '
Certainly there is, and the committee, deeming
that the proper limitation, reported the bill back
without changing it. Would the Senator have
had the comm.ttee to perpetrate a tautology, by
repeating, in the amendment reported, the precise
limitation uhich was already m the bill' If he
would, he Was certainly very unreasonable Then,
su, after all, theie is nothing so mons rous or
inconsistent in the report of the committee The
amendment tbey propose is a fair subject foi the
deubeiation of the Senate If they approve it, as
we hope and believe they will, they will give it
