60                                              APPEPíBlX *K> *Í E CONeRESglONALireLOBE.                            [January.17,
25th Gong....3d Sess.
from Kentucky. Could they do it indirectly 'with
any more propriety í Would it be more allow-
able or excusable for Congress to caus> the money
to be handed over to the State authorities, under
an express injunction to apply it to the same un-
constitutional objects? or would it alter the case
to anticipate or intercept the receipt of the money
into the Treasury of the United States, by a law
for its transfer to the States in advance ? No, sir;
certainly no man will be- so disingenuous as to
attempt to escape or evade the restraints of the
Constitution by any such quibble. If Congress
could not appropriate the money directly to the
purposes of education, of internal improvement,
or the colonization of free persons of color, they
could riot do it indirectly, through the agency of
the States; the one would be an infraction of the
Constitution as palpable as the other. Nor does
the Constitution maike any distinction between
the revenue derived from the sale of the public
lands and that derived from other sources. It is
all a. cbmmon fund, a common treasure, for na-
tional and general purposes, and for State and
local purposes.
*' I will hers take occasion to say, (s&jd Mr.C,)
that I am opposed to a distribution of the funds of
the nation amongst the States in every form yet
proposed, or of which I can conceive. Hence, (he
salid,) he would be opposed to a distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands amongst the States,
with or without the specification of the objects to
which they were to be applied, because he believed
-Congress possessed no power to make such a dis-
tribution, and because the tendency of such a
;policy would be to destroy the independent char-
acter of the States, and to concentrate all power in
this Government.
Under such views as he had expressed, Mr. C.
said h'e could never agree that the bill, which was
intended to distribute the net proceeds of the pub-
lic land aniongst the several States, was favorable
in its bearings upon the interests of the new States
or in i(£ probable effects upon the Government of
the Union. Whilst it would, have been mosthighly
injurious to the peculiar interests of the new States,
its inevitable tendency was to corrupt and degrade
all the States, and through the unrestrained distri-
bution of money amongst them, by this Govern-
ment, to augment its already great powers to an
'illimitable and ruinous extent.
Mr. TIPTON observed that he did not rise to
prolong the debate; but as his position On a
former occasion did not seem to be understood, he
thought it right to make a brief explanation. He
would just state how it happened that he made
any remarks with regard to the speech of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, which he did not hear. When
the preemption bill was under discussion at the
last session, he was absent for a short' time in a
committee room, preparing a bill, and when he re-
turned to his seat in the Senate, the Senator from
Kentucky was reading from a newspaper. He
(Mr. T.) inquired of a friend what was going on,
and was told the Senator from Kentucky was read-
ing a newspaper published in Indiana, and he has
been saying harsh things of your constituents.
The next day he took an opportunity to reply to
the remarks made by the Senator from Kentucky;
defending the squatters on the public lands, and
quoted the words which he was informed the Sen-
ator from Kentucky had used. A few days after
this the Senator from Kentucky called his atten-
tion to a report of his (Mr. T.'s) speech, as pub-
lished in the newspapers, and stated that he did
not use the words there attributed to him. He
repeated words which he said he used on the occa-
sion referred to. I adopted his own words, and
they were published in the pamphlet copy of my
speech. If these are the words now quoted by
the Senator from Illinois — and I believe they
are—they are the very words furnished by the
member from Kentucky. He surely has no just
grounds to complain of these words being now re-
peated. Now, from what had been said to-day, it
might be inferred that I used words in my speech
which I retracted next day; but the fact is, that I
had nothing to do with the correction, but to tell
the truth. When a thing was said or done here,
) have do other object than to let the truth go to
the people concerning it.
Graduation BUI—Mr. Biickamn.
GRADUATION-BILL.
REMARKS OF HON.. JAMES BUCHANAN;
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In Senate, January 17,, 1839,
On the amendment proposed by Mr. Clay, of
Kentucky,.,!  reduce the price of the Public
Lands which had been subject to private entry
for fifteen years, in favor of actual settlers, in
limited quantities, at fifty, seventy-five, and one
hundred cents per acre, and to distribute the pro-
ceeds of all the PublicLands among the several
States, after the 1st day of July, 1840.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it was very far from his
intention, on the present occasion, to follow the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] throughout
the whole course of his argument. • He had risen
more for the purpose of defining his own position
in relation to this question, than of attempting to
enlighten the opinions of other Senators.
. He could not help congratulating the country
and the Senate that the Senator from Kentucky
had just expressed his concurrence in opinion with
the illustrious individual at the Hermitage, in re-
gard to the propriety of selling small tracts of the
public lands to actual settlers at reduced prices.
When two such high authorities united, he sup-
posed the question might almost be considered as
settled.   The extremes had met in favor of this
principle; and, in his opinion, a wiser, more just,
or more politic principle in regard to the disposi-
tion of the public lands could not be established,
provided it were confined within safe and proper
limits.    From his very first entrance into public
life up till the present moment, he had ever enter-
tained the opinion, that the man who first went
into the wilderness and felled the forest ought to
be regarded with peculiar favor.   Such a man,
who, by the sweat of his brow, had provided a
home for himself and his family, would rear up
children endowed with thefrank and manly virtues
which were the firmest support of republican insti-
tutions.   Whilst encouraging such actual settlers,
we were acting in the best manner to promote our
interests as proprietors of the public land.   Every
improvement made by an actual settler added value
to all the surrounding lands, and enabled the Gov-
ernment to sell them the more speedily at the
standard price.
Peculiar reasons now existed why we should
encourage the settlement of the country on the ex-
treme western-limits of the States and Territory
beyond the Mississippi. It had been our policy to
remove all the Indians from the States, and settle
them immediately beyond our  extreme western
frontier. There these wailike, restless,and discon-
tented savages were brought together in great num-
bers.    Now what stronger barrier could we raise
against, their hostile incursions, than to people this
frontier with a bold and hardy race of actual set-
I tiers, accustomed to the toils and perils of the re-
[ mote wilderness ? Such a population might prevent
j war, and if war should come, would save us the
| effusion of much human blood, and millions of
¡ money, in conducting it.   The-wisest nations of
| antiquity had always acted upon the same princi-
ple. It was the policy of the Romans to send mili-
tary colonies to their frontiers, to be a barrier
against the incursions of the barbarians.
Whilst these were His fixed convictions, he could
not forget the interest of his own immediate con-
stituents in the public lands; and if this bill pro-
posed, as the bill of the last session had done, to
graduate the price of the public lands in favor of
all persons, it should again have encountered his
opposition.   But it was now strictly confined to
actual settlers; and no actual settler could acquire
a patent under it to more than half a section of
land, and not even to that, until he had established,
by clear proof, that he had settled, improved, and
cultivated it, according to the terms and spirit of
the law, although he was obliged to pay the pur-
chase-money in advance. In favor of such a settler,
the bill reduced the price of that portion of the
1 public land which had been in the market and re-
| mained unsold for more than five years, from $1 25
', to §1 per acre; and such of this land as had re-
! mained unsold for more than ten years, to seventy-
I five cents per acre. In order that we might fairly test
Senate.
the practical operation of this measure before we
made it a permanent law of the land, the bill had
been amended, on his motion, so as to limit it to
the period of five years. Before the expiration of
this term the subject would again be brought be-
fore Congress, and we could then act with all the
lights of experience. He could not vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, because he thought that it.went too far in
reducing the price of any portion of the public
lands to fifty cents per acre, although it might have
been fifteen years in market without finding a pur-
chaser. It was too long a stride to go down at
once from $1 25 to fifty cents per acre.
The bill, amended as it has been, will prevent
fraud in the most effectual manner, because self-
interest will present no temptation to the commis-
sion of fraud. It had often been urged, as an
argument against the preemption system, that
speculators under it hired- individuals to become
settlers upon lands before they were offered at
public sale; that the choicest and most valuable
tracts were granted to those individuals as actual
settlers at the minimum price, instead of being
exposed to public sale, and were then immediately
conveyed to the speculators. He did not doubt
that, in some cases, such had been the fact. In
regard to the actual settlers for whom this bill
provides, no such objection could exist. No spec-
ulator would be such a fool as to incur the ex-
pense of employing an individual to make an
actual settlement on a tract of three hundred and
twenty acres of land, for the purpose of procuring
it at one dollar per acre, arid then wait for the
title until the settlement had actually been made,
when he could go at any moment to the land
office, and obtain a title for it immediately at
P 25 per- acre. The difference of price would
only be $80 on a half section which hadiremained
unsold for five years, and $160 if it had remained
unsold for ten years. The cost of employing an
individual to make a settlement would be greater,
in either case, than the reduction of price. Be-
sides, the speculator always pounces upon th«
best portions of the land immediately after it ii
brought into market. He seeks not the lands for
whom no person was found as a purchaser during
periods of five and ten years. This provision,
then, will be almost exclusively confined to poor
men, who are not able to pay the present price:
for a quarter or a half quarter section of land, and
who are willing to provide themselves a hom«
upon the less valuable public lands, at a small re-
duction from the present prices. It opens no dooi
for speculation and fraud.
Now, sir, if we were to judge from the discus-
sion upon this question, we might consider it one
of vast importance, calculated in its consequences
to shake the whole land system of the country;
but view it as truth presents it, and we find
it to be a very small affair. What is this land
system as it at present exists? The public lands
are surveyed, and are then exposed to public
■sale; but these sales have ever been, so managed
that they have brought but a fraction more than
the minimum price of $ 1 25 per acre. After these
public sales, all the residue of the land is subject
to be entered at any time,.by any individual, at
$1 25 per acre; and there are now more than
seventy millions of acres in this condition. The
best lands are always the first selected; whilst
their settlement and improvement give additional
value to those which remain of an inferior quality.
These inferior lands in succession come into de-
mand, and are Bold at the same rate. This prog-
ress, however, has been so slow, that, notwith-
standing the rage for speculation which existed
for some years previous to the late suspension of
specie payments, we still have on hand more than
seventy millions of acres subject to private entry.
This bill will only operate upon such of these
lands as have been in market for five or for ten
years, without finding a purchaser; and, in its
present form, can produce but little effect, one
way or the other, upon the public revenue.
On this land system, for a number of years
past, the principle of preemption has been in-
grafted, which means nothing more than that the
pioneers of civilization, who- go into the wilder-
ness in advance of the public sales, shall be per-
