g2                                            .&F*MÑB€X TO fffi &Cm#JiESSIONÁL GLOBE.                              [January 9,
#5th Gong....3d Sess.
after the most ample examination: and considera-
tion". -It wa'snot to have been anticipated by those
who then" so ardently and feelingly supported the
righ'ts:and interests of the settlers in the new States,
that they should again, at this session, haVéto en-
counter such determined opposition. This discus-
sion had shed much light upon the subject,hut he
thought, instead of proving that the measure was
inexpedient, it had proved it to be one- of great
national importance. He did not, however, pretend
tb:bfarne Senators for the course which they felt it
to be their duty to pursue. He feared that many
Senators believed that those who represented the
new States on that floor, were constantly endeav-
oring to impose upon Congress, and to get hold of
the public lands, without being willing to pay a
just'and adequate consideration for them. The
violent opposition which all measures having for
their object a relaxation of the rigid terms,imposed
by existing íéíwa upon the enterprising portion of
oiir 'population¡ Who are seeking homes in the new
Stares, and ifrhich had greatly retarded the saleand
settlement of the public lands," had convinced him
that the true situation of those lands which' have
been offered for sale is not understood by the peo-
ple of the old States, and that the Senators from
the hew States aresuspected of attempting to prac-
tice deception upon Congress in all the measures
which it is their duty to bring forward upon this
subject.
1 Mr. F. did not believe that a single Senator
coúlfl be found who would be willing to oppose
the bill under consideration, if lie really believed
that its provisions would operate exclusively upon
refuse lands, such lands as were in reality not
Worth, in their wild state, the minimum price of
the public lands; and yet such was the true state
of'the fiase, at least in the southwest, in regard to
lands which had been for 'some years in the mar-
ket. He-would not deny that millions of acres of
lands, which had been offered for sale for a num-
'ber1 Of years, had sold within the last three years
at the "minimum price. The document, so conclu-
sive as it was thought to be in refutation of the
argument that the lands in market ought to be re-
duced irj price, after'buving failed to find a pur-
chaser for- a number of years, presented this
morning by the Senator from Maryland, and
which went to prove that, evrn within the last
year, three fourths of the land that had been sold
was laud which had been some'time in market
could, as he thought, be very easily explained.
It win the íesult of'the Innd mania of 1835-'36.
During those years, such was the spirit of spec-
ulation in the public lands that all the new States
were thoroughly explored and examined; indi-
viduals were employed, who went in companies
through ail the public lands that were open to
entry; and every foot of land of any value was
marked and noted, and scarcely an acre which the
speculators supposed would, even in some years
tocóme, bring over $1 25, was permitted to re-
main unentered. So generally was this the case
throughout the southwest, and particularly in the
cotton region, that he felt confident that of the
lands .already in the market in all that region, a
very few hundred acres indeed could now be
found that would be considered worth $1 25 per
acre, This' universal sweep of all the valuable
lands in the southwestern States had extended
(he said) also over the northwestern States; and
the only difference was, that the remaining lands
in those States were, perhaps, not so entirely
sterile and valueless as those remaining in the
southwestern States. All our valuable cotton
lands have been taken up, and all that now re-
mained weVe such lands as would be valuable only
for timber or fuel, or for range. The provision of
the bill then under consideration, and which was
intended to authorize the present landholders of
the new States to enter lands adjoining their
plantations, would be highly valuable to the cit-
izens of the State from which he came. There
were vast prairies, fit only for grazing purposes,
and uplands covered with timber, but without fer-
tility, and vast tracts of mountainous and broken
country, with here and there a few acres of second
or third rate soil; and then, again, extensive sandy
pine barrens, or impenetrable swamps, all of them
covered a portion of the year, and many of them
*GmdúañbnBül-—Mr. Fulton.
throughout the year, with water: - These lands
could never be settled; they would never sell at
any price, atleast the great body of them. When,
however, they adjoined good landsj as was in
some instances the case, the owners of improve-
ments would be willing to purchase, at a reduced
price, such- portions of them as they might And
useful for various purposes connected with their
agricultural pursuits.                                   «
It wasfrom a hope of making a portion of these
lands subject to taxation, and in that way aid hi
the support of our State government, that he was
anxious to have the inducement held out to the
citizens of" his State to become the owners of- a
portion: of such lands as he had described. He
felt convinced that in the State of Arkansas, of
the lands that had been for a time in market, all
the cotton lands had been appropriated. Indeed,
he knew that many of the speculators in land had
purchased up, in their eagerness to appropriate
all the good lands, hundreds of sections of very
inferior quality; and he had heard that manyof
them were now anxious to sell, even for less than
they had themselves paid for the land. He was
sure that those speculators who had purchased
hundreds of thousands of acres—as many had
done since 1834, and who, in some instances,
entered many sections lying together—must have
bought a fair proportion of inferior lands; at least
such, he thought, could not fail to be the case in
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Missouri, and
Arkansas. This attempt of the land speculators
to purchase up all the valuable public lands in the
market, is what has caused so many millions of
acres of lands that were subject to sale to be pur-
chased; and it is owing to the same circumstance
that, even during the last year, a larger proportion
of the public lands already in' market Were sbld,
than of those then just offered for sale.- He
honestly believed that throughout the southwest
nearly every acre of good land had been purchased
up, and was now in the hands of speculators. He
thought he had fairly accounted, and in away,
too, which was calculated to satisfy the Senate,
that of the lands now in market, nearly all must
he really and truly refuse lands; for the apparently
strange circumstance which the docurh'ent exhibited
that morning had presented, namely, that a greater
portion of lands which had remained unnoticed
for years, had been recently sold, than of those
lands which had just come into market. He would
add another view. The speculators and their ex-
plorers were the only persons who had a knowledge
of the whole country; and they cared not to make
their purchases when the lands were first offered
for sale, unless, indeed, they were then filling up
and settling. It was only when they began to
settle rapidly that the speculators come forward
and make their entries, founded upon the knowl-
edge they obtained of the quality of Whole tracts
of country, in this way, sometimes, valuable
lands were permitted to remain unentered for a
few years. This, however, was not the case to
any extent in the cotton region. Their good lands
were so much sought for, and there was so large
a proportion of the lands that were unfit for culti-
vation, that nearly every acre of good land'was
bought when first brought into market. He ad-
mitted that this might'not be the case to the same
| extent in the northwestern States and Territories;
| but if it were true that some good lands already in
market in that quarter yet remained unsold, was
J that a reason why the southwesternStates should
| be doomed to suffer, or be deprived of a popula-
tion who might be induced to remain or remove
into those States, if their inferior or refuse lands
could be purchased at a reduced and proper price?
He, therefore, thought that time was now a fair
test of the value of the lands in market.
The limitation as to quantity proposed by the
bill, completely cut off all inducement to specula-
tion. Wo man would avail himself of the pro-
visions of this act as a means of investing his
capital. It will be confined in its operation almost
exclusively'to individuals who are making new
settlements for themselves, or who wish to acquire
a title to lands adjoining their present possessions.
It is argued that a portion of the wild lands now
considered of little value, will be, in time, from
the progress of improvement, worth at least the
. Senate.
minimum price. Admit this may be true to some
extent, yet is it fair for this ttosernment to keep
down the prosperity of the new State£,;by holding
up her public lands until the citizens of, the new
States, by their labor and expenditures, havt
added to their value, so as to bring up to. them the
price at which alone she is willing to sell them ?
Why will this policy be persisted in, when, if
these very lands were now sold at reduced prices-,
the interest on the amount obtained for them would
bring them up nearly to the minimum price, pro-
vided they were not sold in ten or fifteen years ?
He said that without great expense, and the
.employment of a.host of agents, it would be diffi-
cult to ascertain the true value of each tract of the
public lands; and although the length of timethat
a tract had been, in market, might, not be in all
instances a certain test of its value, yet.he thought
it as fair a one as a just Government, anxious for
the welfare of her people, ought to desire. .,Xf it
faired in some instances, it would, prove corsee* in
hundreds of others; and, considering the serious
objections which existed to the establishment of
any other criterion, he could not bent think that'it
was as satisfactory as we ought to desire. . ■ ¡
It was said that not more than two or three
millions of acres were required annually for agri-
! cultural purposes; that we nave seventy millions
I already in market, and over two hundred millions
¡ yet to come into market within our organized
Í States and Territories; and that the reason why
! the lands offered have not been sold,.is because
j they are not needed by our population. This ar-
[ gument is altogether delusive. If the valuable
lands in the new States could have been acquired
upon the same terms as uhey are obtained for in
other countries, the present population of theijew
States would have been doubled atJeast. Who (he
asked) would be. willing to remain upon worn oat
lands, if he could possess himself of fresh land, at
such a rate as to justify the expense of removing
some hundreds of miles to a new countryi - The
flourishing republic now springing up upon the
southern border of Arkansas would not, have
drawn off such a population of native Americans,
! if the public lands could have been obtained upon
the same terms in their own country. The very
fact that so many American citizens had sought a
home in that country, proved that the policy main-
tained so rigidly by this Government had pre-
vented the settlement of an equal number of acres
within the States of the Confederacy. It had
forced thousands of valuable citizens to expatriate
themselves. At least as much more land as those
citizens required, and are now the owners of in
Texas, could have been disposed of, if the terms
of sale had been such as to have induced them to
settle in their own country, instead of seeking a
home-in a foreign land. The population to the
south and southwest had reached their limits; and,
unless some inducement is held out to American
citizens, who find it necessary to leave their old
homes to settle in those States,they will-continue
to seek homes in foreign countries. So long, also,
as the best' lands "aré to be purchased at $1 25
per aere, the inferior-lands will ftot' sell.at all
at that price. Tñe effect, therefore,' of holding
them up at the same price is, in fact, to prevent
their being sold, and made- subject to taxation;
it prevents them from being settled > opon at
all; deprives the new States of a population which
they would otherwise obtain, calculatedto aid in
advancing their prosperity, adding to their re-
sources, and increasing their means of cawying on
improvements, and leading directly to the devel-
opment of their riches and glory."   •
From the strenuous opposition which- has been
made to this bill, it would be considered by most
persons who Were unacquainted with' the subject,
that the object of the Senators from the new States
was to obtain the public lands for nothing; whereas
the ultimate reduction to seventy-five cents per
acre was not so great as that made upon the sales
of all the public lands when the minimum price
was fixed attwo dollars. "What is the present cri-
terion by which all the pubfie lands are set down
to be worth only $1 25 per acre? Simply the fact
of their failing to sell for more than that sum at
public auction. ' May not all the arguments used
against the graduation of the price of the refuse
