78                                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             [January 30,
25th Cong....3d Sess.        Salt Duties, Fishing Bounties, and Allowance?—Mr. J. C. Calhoun.
Senate.
THE SALT DUTY.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN C. CALHOUN,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In Senate, January 30, 1839,
On Mr. Benton's motion for leave to mtioduce a
bill for the repeal of the Salt duty and the Fish-
ing bounties.
Mi. CALHOUN said he felt perfectly indiffer-
ent as to tue fate of this motion. It was impossi-
ble for the proposed measure to pass at this time;
and the only question was, whether it should be
voted down at this incipient stage, or at some sub-
sequent one, after it had assumed the form of a
bill. The only difference was this: if it was re-
jected now, the further consumption of the time
of the Senate would be saved, but, on the con-
trary, if leave was granted, two or three days
more would be spent in discussion, when it would
be rejected by a large majority Theie were at
all times many who, from courtesy or other mo-
tives, would vote for leave to introduce, but who
were at the same time opposed to the measuie.
He had at one time intended to vote for leave him-
self, but as the Senator fiom Maine, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] who had taken the lead against the meas-
uie, had indicated hia intention to vote against the
motion, he would íoüow him as his leader on this
occasion.
He had asserted that the measure could not suc-
ceed, on the ground that the objections to acting on j
the subject at this time weie overwhelming If
there was no other, it was all sufficient that the '
duty on salt, under the compromise act,was going
off as fast as the wants of the Treasury and the in-
terests of commerce would permit. It is already
reduced to about six or seven cents the bushel, and
would be reduced the next thiee years to about
two cents. In the mean time, the Treasury will
need all its means to meet its engagements, and
the inteiests ot commerce would be nijuiiously
affected to make the reduction more rapid than it
will be. All changes in the rates of duties ought
to be made gradually, even when it tended to
lighten the buiden.
Mr. C. said that he was far from thinking that
the time already spent in the discussion ot this
motion was lost. It had made developments im-
portant to be known by those whom iieiepiesented,
some of which were highly favorable to their future
prospenty and qjiet, and others of an opposite
chaiactei Ot the foimer, he heard with pleasure
the very sensible and manly remarks of the Sena-
tor from Mame nearest to him, [Mr. Williams J
He took the truegiound. He asked no protection
torthegieat mteiest oí navigation, in which his
constituents are so vitally mteiested, and, he would
add, the whole Union. All he wanted was fan-
play. Take off your protection on a on, on hemp,
on salt beef and pork, and other oppressive duties,
which bear down oui navigation, and you may
take oft your bounties, was his manly language to
the mover of thisiesolution; and he deal ly showed
that the gi eat interest which he defended would be
the gainer by the change. Mr C. said, 1 will up-
hold him m a piousion so perfectly íeasonable
and just, and, for one, will not assent that the
bounties shall be repealed, whatevei my opinion
maybe m the abstract as to their propnety, till
the burden is removed. The same principle by
which he was impelled to resist oppression, im-
pelled him, with equal force, to uphold what ísjust
and reasonable, and here we have a staking illus-
tration of the greatimpropnety of acting on th e tariff
by separate and detached items, as is pioposed on
this occasion. It is almost the inevitable conse-
quence of such a course, that, while one interest is
benefited, another is oppressed. On this account,
he was adverse to touching the subject till the
whole system of duties was brought regularly un-
der leview, as it must be at the next, or the suc-
ceeding session, under the comptomise act In the
mean time, he cunsideied the great navigating ln-
frett of the countiy. wh < h was so essential to
the pio«ipprity ar d defense of oil others, among
the mest deposed -it present He n s staitled
n look.ng over an able document fiom the chau-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, of
the other House, just kid on our table, at the
rapid encroachment of foreign navigation on our
own In 1826 the domestic stood to the foreign
tonnage as 942,206 to 305,654; and in 1837 (the
short space of ten or eleven years) they stood as
1,299,720 to 765,703. At this rate, the foreign
will soon exceed our own tonnage in our own
ports. This relative falling ofl claimed immediate
and serious investigation, and the application of
some efficient remedy. Without pretending to any
particular knowledge of the subject, he did not
doubt that one of the most powerful causes in pro-
ducing this unfavorable íesult, was the expanded
—no, that was not strong enough—the bloated
state of our currency, which, by raising prices
far beyond what they ought to be, was weighing
so heavily on the prostrate energy of the country,
and especially on all those branches of industry
which, like navigation, had to compete abroad
with nations that had a less expanded and a
sounder currency. This he believed to be the
main cause; and next to it he placed the oppres-
sive protective duties, now foitunately going off
under the compromise act, which so gieatly en-
hanced the price of ship-building, the rigging, and
supplying vessels, as well as the wages of seamen
Against this oppiessive load our foreign naviga-
tion had no competition. It had to meet the
competition of other nations on the broad ocean,
weighed down with the enormous duties on non,
hemp, cordage, and almost every other article that*
entered into theconstruction, the ngging, and sup-
ply of vessels, without a particle of protection to
lighten the burden, just as our great staple inter-
est, the cotton, rice, and tobacco, had to meet the
competition of all the world in the foreign markets
with the like burden, without protection, or the
probability of protection. And for what was this
oppressive load laid on these, the great sources of
national opulence and prosperity > To protect
certain branches of industry, which were dignified
with the name of home industry, against foreign
competition—not on the broad ocean, not abroad
in foreign markets, but at home, and at their own
doors. We who had to go abroad and contend
with all the world, were weighed down with an
oppressive bond, that other branches should have
a monopoly at home1 And yet there are those,
if we may judge fiom what we have heard in this
discussion, who not only denounce the act by
which this load is going off, but are ready to re-
new the protective system with all Us injustice and
oppression.
But against the voice of such he (Mr. C ) was
happy to heai that of the Senator fiom Pennsyl-
vania furthest from him, [Mr. Bochanav ] He
took high and correct ground. He opposed this
motion because it violated the compromise That
Senator has done no more than justice to thatact.
It terminated honmably and fairly, without the
sacrifice of any interest, one of the most danger-
ous controversies that evti distuibed the Union,
oi endangered its existence—not the danger of a
dissolution of the Union, as we leain fiom the
Senator, was anticipated abroad The danger lay
in a different direction. Dissolution is not the
only mode by which oui Union may be destroyed.
It is a Fedetal Union, a Union of sovereign States,
and can be as effectually and much more easily
destioyed by conso/uiadoii than by dissolution He
who knows the history of our race, and the work-
ing of the human breast, best understands the
great and almost insuperable difficulties m the
way of dissolution. Theie is scaicelyan instance
on record of any people, speaking the same lan-
guage, and having the same Government and
laws, that have ever dissolved their political con-
nection through internal causes or struggles. He
excluded, of course, colonies throwing off the con-
tml of the paient countiy, or a partition of king-
doms by monaichs. The constant struggle is to
enlaige and not to divide; and thsre neither is,
noi ever has been, the least danger that our Union
would terminate in dissolution But the danger
on the opposite side is imminent, as was foreseen
from the fast by our wisest statesmen and most
ardent patnoLs, and never wrs tl at danger moie
menacing than when the gallant and patriotic
State he íepiescnted gave the blow that led to the
compromise. That blow was not to destroy but
to save the Union; not for disunion but against
consolidation; and most effectual did ltprove. It
brought the protective system to the ground, never
to rise again; that system which has brought such
innumeiable disasters on the country, and which
had well nigh terminated our Union m consolida-
tion, and, with it, the establishment of despotic
power. At its very basis laid the assumption of
a power, which, if it had been established, would
have made thisaGoveinment of unlimited power,
and, of course, a consolidated Government It
assumed that duties and taxes might be laid not
only for revenue, for which purpose only the
power was granted, but that they might be per-
verted to the purpose of encouraging one pursuit
and discouraging another; that is, that the rev-
enue power might be converted into a penal and
rewaiding power—the power of rewarding one
class of industry and punishing another. Who
does not see that the assumption of such a power,
on the part of this Government, would give it un-
limited contiol over all the pursuits and business
of life, and the entire mdusti y and prosperity of
the country
Acting on this false and dangerous assumption,
the piotective system had been introduced, and
pushed to the most extravagant extent, under the
act of 1828. Under its baleful influence, the great
staple interest of the South, and that of the navi-
gation of the East were paralyzed, while certain
others were made to flouush. To effect this, mil-
lions on millions were taken from the people and
poured into the public Treasury, where it consti-
tuted a vast fund for extravagance and unconsti-
tutional expenditures, corrupting the community,
and extending the power and patronage of the
Government beyond the limits consistent with our
free institutions. This vast patronage, concen-
trated in the handsof the Executive, had rendered
that department all-powerful, and was thereby
rapidly leading the way to the consolidation, not
of the whole power of the Legislature m this Gov-
ernment, but the whole power of the Government
in that department. It was against such a sys-
tem, producing such consequences, that the blow
was struck, bravely and magnanimously struck,
that led to the compromise act, that this motion is
intended to disturb. It was successful It Was
dnected at the root of the evil It has stopped
the excessive flow into the Treasury, and, fol-
lowed up by the deposit act of 1836, it has
emptied it of Us corrupting mass. He saw clearly
that reform, with an overflowing Treasury, was
impossible, especially when that overflow con-
sisted of bank notes. It was impossible to arrest
a taste, or limit patronage, until the means which
sustained them were exhausted That gieat ob-
ject is now effected, and retrenchment, economy,
and reform must follow, or woe to those in power;
and, when they gam the ascendency, then will
the blow which was dealt against consolidation,
and for the Union and.our free institutions, have
effected the great and patnotic purpose intended
by those who directed it, and of whom J shall
ever be proud of having been one The protect-
ive system, which has been trie cause of all the
mischief, has fallen prostrate befoie it in the dust.
He who undertakes to levive its putrid carcase
will pensh in the attempt.
He (Mr C ) was happy to hear the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] pvow his in-
tention to cairy out the compromise act to its full
extent, and that he was prepared, on a readjust-
ment of the duties under Us provisions, to restrict
them to revenue simply, as is provided by the act
limiting the protection to manufactuies to such
incidental protection as was consistent with rev-
enue, butm no case exceeding twenty per cent to
which the highest duties would be reduced in 1842.
This was going back to the original principle which
governed in the first imposition of duties on im-
ports, and he was happy to hear the avowal
coming from the quarter it did, and in which he
trusted the Senator uttered the voice of the power-
ful State he represented There were but two
principles on which their readjustment could take
place, unless the Government should have the
madness of going back to the protective policy,
which he did not apprehend.   The one was that
