m                                              .1BEENMX TO f BE COWGSTESSIONAl, GLOBE.                        •     [January 5,
■ 25th Cong....3d Sess.
that that bank has again become the fiscal agent
of the Government; that this connection, origin-
atingfrom executive power, unregulated by law,
'Will result in the eslablislimeiil of a national bank
without tive action of Congress. That I do not state
the charge too strong, 1 will refer to the published
speech of the Senator, revised no doubt by him-
self. " These questions acquire a still graver
■ ' character and deeper interest from the significant
' speculations, indulged on the appearance of Mr.
' Biddle's letter, by certain leadingjournals known
«tobe friendly to the bank, and supposed to be
-' more or less conversant with its views. One of
' them, commenting on the letter of the president of
' the bank, says, ' the bank will no doubt, in the
* course of a short time, by an insensible process,
' become the iscal agent of the Government.' An-
* other, with reference to the same letter, says, 'it
« wHlbeia' serious, and not improbable spectacle, if
' wesee, tfetsoHghtheinstrumentality of concurring
«ebretMnstances, a   national  bank reestablished
* without the action of Congress.' " This grave
charge is first introduced in the name, and on the
authority, of journals friendly to the bank, and
of course hostile to the Administration. This is
most excellent authority for any one, even a neu-
tral, to decide, not only on theacts, but the future
-purposes, of the Administration. It is,however,
indorsed and reaffirmed by the Senator, who re-
peats with emphasis, " a national bank reeslab-
' lished witlioutthe authority of Congress.' What is
« easier or simpler than to do it by the insensible
' process already commenced!    Let the Execu-
* tive, atitsown will and pleasure,,adopt the Penn-
* sylvania Bank of the United States as the fiscal
« agent and depository of the Government; let it
* join the weight of the public revenues to the
1 &lready*normous capital of that institution-, let
* it superadd the credit arising from the connection
* with the Government to the extensive and per-
' vading operations in which the bank is engaged
* throughout the Union, and have you not a na-
' tional ionic reestablished to all intents and pur-
1 poses—méstablishectioilhoiit the concurrence of Con-
1 gress, and in despite of its authority ? And would
' it not be a national bank of the most dangerous
' and worst possible kind, created by the fiat of
*  the Executive alone, and allied with the Exeeu-
' tive, and dependent on the Executive?" The
Senator goes much further than the bank journal-
ists; they only assert the fact, or rather insin-
uate, that a national bank, by an " insensible pro-
cess," may be reestablished without the action of
Congress; but he describes the process by which
this result is to be brought about. Who can read
this glowing picture and not feel that the country
is in great danger? The magnitude of the evil
no one will deny. This, sir, is a very grave accu-
sation; no less than a design on the part of the
Executive to supersede the authority of Congress,
opon a subject of the deepest interest to the coun-
try.
Weil, sir, on what foundation does it rest? Is
it supported by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury? Has Mr. Woodbury furnished evi-
dence against himself of having conspired with
Mr. Btddle to establish a national bank without
law? This would certainly be very extraordinary.
It is apparent that this frightful picture of danger,
wrought up with so much art, is a mere creation
of the imagination—that it has no foundation in
fact, derived either from the report or any other
source, la it not surprising and lamentable that ]
any gentleman on this floor should take up the |
mere insinuations of Opposition presses, and make
them the basis of such grave charges against the
Government? Even Mr. Biddle, the Senator's
own witness, bears testimony against him. He
entirely puts down this charge. He admits that
he has found it necessary to assume the powers of
Government, or, at least, to fall back into his old
position of a national bank, to carry the country
through the late crisis, to sustain American credit
at home and abroad, to protect chartered rights,
maintain thepubUc faith,and restore and regulate
the currency. But having accomplished all this,
he abdicates, retires, and throws off the cares of
empire. He has no longer any controversy with
the Government, and is resolved hereafter that his
Bank shall be confined to its appropriate sphere
of action, as a mere State institution.   If the
JJmied\.States Bdrik Bonis—'Mr. Niles.
Senator will place no confidence in the statements
of the Secretary of the Treasury, ought he to dis-
credit his own witness ? Shall he be permitted to
use Mr. Biddle as a witness against the Adminis-
tration, and thrust him aside when his testimony
is in their favor? Or is the testimony of the Op-
position journals, on a subject of this kind, held in
higher estimation than that of Mr. Biddle? But
as.totally unfounded as is this imaginary coalition
and conspiracy between the Executive and the
Bank of the United States, the Senator really ap-
pears to believe it, and, in the emphatic language
of a British statesman on a memorable occasion,
declares, " In the name of my country I forbid the
bans."
I am somewhat surprised, sir, at the allusion to
the memorable coalition between Mr. Fox and
Lord North, which was so unnatural and prepos-
terous as to have shocked'honest men of all parties
in England. It appears to me that what we wit-
nessed the other day, when the Senator openly
took his stand with the enemies of the Adminis-
tration, the old opponents of Democracy, that that
was a case-bearing a much nearer resemblance to
the odious coalition to which he had referred. But,
however, under other circumstances, I might have
regretted the occurrence, after what I have wit-
nessed, I, for one, have no dispositon to forbid the
bans.
Mr. President, the next accusation which I will
notice is, that the Executive does not desire the
establishment of the Sub-Treasury system, but
that his real object is to restore the State bank
deposit system, unregulated by Zato, and subject
entirely to executive discretion. " The practice of
the Executive," says the Senator in his published
speech, " even while professing to have adopted
1 the Sub-Treasury system, affords the most com-
' plete recognition of the superior value and advant-
' ages of banks as depositories and fiscal agents.
' They deprecate, it is true, a connection with
1 banks; but it is a legal connection, sanctioned and
' regulated by law, it seems, which they deprecate,
' not one depending on executive discretion. Not
'only the practice of the Administration, but the
' express language, both of the President and Sec-
' retary of the Treasury, recognize the high, and,
1 in the present condition of the commercial world,
'almost the indispensable utility of bank agency
' in the fiscal operations of the Government; but
' they are for leaving the employment of banks to
' theioiiiand discretion of the administrators of the
' Government." Sir, a more grave and serious
charge than this could not well be made against
the executive oificers of the Government. What
is it but to denounce the President and his Cab-
inet, or at least the Secretary of the Treasury,
as attempting to practice a base fraud upon the
country. TheAdministration preachonethingand
practice another. "The Sub-Treasury scheme,
' although still recommended, and earnestly rec-
' ommended in name, and intended possibly to be
' pressed in fact, is virtually abandoned in argu-
' ment." The people of the United States aretold
by a Senator in his place, that although the Pres-
ident has, on three occasions, in his most solemn
official communications, recommeuded the entire
separation of the fiscal concerns of the Govern-
ment from all banks, and has earnestly, and with
great ability, urged upon Congress the adoption of
that measure—that although the Secretary of the
Treasury, in three official reports on the finances,
has urged the adoption of the same measure, and
attempted to show its practicability, safety, util-
ity, and beneficial influence—notwithstanding all
this, the Senator now declares to the country,
that neither the President nor Secretary meant
any such thing; that they did not desire the meas-
ure to be adopted, and were only attempting to
deceive and cheat the people by a false issue, as
j their real purpose was to use the State banks, and
• they only wished to get rid of the restraints of
law.
Could anything add to the extraordinary charac-
ter of this charge, it would be the fact that it comes
from one who, during the last session of Con-
gress, repeatedly expressed his astonishment at the
pertinacity with which this measure was pressed
upon Congress. The language of the gentleman,
and others among his present friends, all must re-
member.   They were really astonished at the per- 1
Senate.
severance.and obstinacy of the Executive and hia
supporters in adhering to this measure. In their
eyes, we seemed -all to be perfectly infatuated,
reckless of consequences, blind to what was taking
place around us, and totally regardless of public
opinion, which-everywhere, it was said, had de-
clared against it, and yet the same determination
was manifested to carry it through. It must be
forced upon the country against the known will of
the people, and at the sacrifice of the most import-
ant interests of the country. Such was the lan-
guage of honorable Senators a few months ago,
who now tell us that the Administration is not
Bincere in pressing the Independent Treasury plan,
and only wishes to avoid all legal restraints in the
use of-the banks as fiscal agents. Were gentle-
men sincere then ? If so, what ought to be thoughS
of their present declarations? But, sir, this charge
of deception and imposition, practiced upon the
country, cannot be confined to the Executive; it
must apply equally to the supporters of that meas-
ure in Congress. We must all have been parties
to this fraud, and equaily guilty with the Presi-
dent.
Well, sir, on what authority is this grave charge
preferred against the Executive and his support-
ers in Congress. Two circumstances are referred
to: the practice of the Treasury, and a single re-
mark of the President in his message, and a sug-
gestion of the Secretary in his report. What the
practice of the Treasury has been the past year,
we have already examined. The Secretary has
placed the avails of the bonds, and other payments
made by the Bank of the United States, in that
Bank, on special deposit, to be drawn out as the
public service might require. This has been the
only connection between that bank and the Treas-
ury. It has employed four deposit banks, under
the act of 1836, which was obligatory upon the
Secretary; and he has made temporary special de-
posits in sixteen other banks, at points where no
other depositories were provided by law, and
where the safety of the revenue or convenience of
the service required it. From these facts, it is
argued that the Administration, in conducting the
finances, practiced upon the bank-deposit system,
and thereby gave its. sanction to it. This is a
strange argument, truly. The President proposes
a change of the financial system, and the estab-
lishment of other depositories than banks. This
measure the Opposition in the House defeat, and
then turn round and charge the Administration
with having no confidence in the Independent
Treasury plan, because they have been compelled
to conduct the finances partially, at least, upon the
old system. Who ever contended that the bank-
deposit system could be entirely dispensed with,
without providing some depositories and financial
agents as a substitute for the banks ?
But although no substitute was provided, the
concerns of the Treasury have been conducted the
past year with very little employment of banks.
With the exception of the four employed under the
act of 1836, and those all at unimportant points,
no banks have been employed, either as general
depositories or as fiscal agents. They have been
used only occasionally and temporarily for keep-
ing the public funds, where other safe depositories
could not be found. Instead, therefore, of the
practice of the Treasury the past year being an
argument against the Independent Treasury, it is
the strongest possible argument in favor of that
measure; and instead of its proving that the Ad-
ministration have no confidence in the measure,
and have virtually abandoned it, it demonstrates
its practicability and safety.
So much for the praciices of the Treasury. And
now for the declarations of the President and Sec-
retary, showing that they have abandoned the In-
dependent Treasury plan. The President says
that "an appropriate and occasional use wouid
' still be made of the banks by the Treasury, as
' is done by others, whenever convenience would
' require it. But neither party should be forced
' into a species of vassalage—a constant, necessary
' and dependent connection." Is this abandoning
the Independent Treasury? Who ever supposed
or contended that an occasional use would not be
made of banks, under any system, for particular
.services? This is altogether a different thing from
the Treasury's being made entirely dependent on
