IS39.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. or Reps.
growing conflict between the new and the old
Slates? Would it prevent the public domain from
being converted into a fund to make Presidents,
tmd to be squandered away in the struggle? And,'
finally, would it substantially, and more effectually
than any other measure, secure to the Union the
benefit uf the public lands lying within the new
States? It is the conviction that it is better calcu-
lated to secure these important results, than any
other measure that can be devised, which has in-
duced me to present it for consideration; and it is
on that issue, exclusively, I intend to rest its fate.
All I ask is a calm and impattial investigation,
confidently believing it will bear the test, and will-
ing to abide the result. Without attempting to
enter on such an investigation now—for which I
have not the necessary information, and, if I had,
it would not suit the occasion—I propose to limit
myself to a few very brief remarks in support of
my conviction.
That a measure, such as I have suggested, if it
should be adopted with the hearty consent of the
new States, would arrest the growing conflict be-
tween them and the old, and take the public lands
ut of the vortex of the presidential contest, must
oe obvious on a little reflection. Itwouldremove
the cause of conflict, the only effectual mode of
pi eventing the threatened danger. Transfer the
iands, and the administration of them, on just and
liberal terms, to the States, and close our land
offices within their limits, and you will, at once,
place the States beyond the reach of the action of
the Government, and influence of executive con-
trol, and would thereby leave both the new and
old, as far as the land question is concerned, free
from all improper bias in the election of the Chief
Magistrate. The only point of conflict that could
possibly remain between them m reference to the
lands, would be as to the conditions of the cession-,
but it may be easily shown, that if the terms
¡should be libera! and satisfactory in the first in-
stance, to the new States, as I have proposed, that
they would neither have thedisposition nor the in-
terest to disturb the compact; or if they should,
the hazard of losing the lands in consequence
would be far less than it would be should the pres-
ent system be continued. But there may be some
who may admit this to be true, and yet object that
the advantages which I anticipate from the meas-
ure would be purchased, on the part of the old
States, at too great a sacrifice. It would be pre-
mature to undertake to answer this objection be-
fore it is ascertained what portion of the proceeds
should be left to the States, and what paid over to
the Government; and this cannot be done till after
a laborious investigation, as has been stated. All
I maintain at presentís, that the portion allotted to
the States should be not only just and liberal, but
such as would interest them in preserving the ar-
rangement. Thus far it would be obviously the
interest of both parties, as has been shown. In
the mean time, I have suggested an equal division
of the proceeds, under the belief that it would be
satisfactory to the new States, and probably not
far from the division which a rigid investigation
would establish.
But of one thing I feel assured, that, when the
subject is fully examined, it will be ascertained
that an apportionment of the proceeds may be
fixed on which will give to the Government a sum
per acre as large, or not much less, on all the
lands which might thereafter be disposed of, as it
has received for what has been disposed of since
the present price was fixed; and which would
leave, at the same time, to the States a liberal and
satisfactory allowance. If this should prove to
be the fact, the interest of all parties, even in a
pecuniary point of view, would be reconciled.
But that would be taking too narrow a view of
this important subject. To determine correctly
the true interests of the parties in this arrange-
ment, we must raise our eyes above pecuniary
considerations, to the far more interesting view—
the political bearing of the measure. Thus viewed,
the gain to both, and to the whole Union, would
be incalculable. The new States would gain the
ownership and administration of their whole do-
main—a gain not more essential to their own
independence than to the convenience of their
citizens, who would thereby have their claims,
connected with the public lands, adjusted by their
own Legislature, instead of being dragged to a
No. 7
great distance from home to await the tardy and
uncertain action of Congress. But their greatest
gam would be, that they would be elevated to an
equality with the other States in all respects, and
exempted from the controlling influence of the
Government arising from a widely-expanded sys-
tem of land offices.
To the Union the gain would be not less im-
portant. Congress would be relieved from an
immense and increasing mass of business, which
now consumes at least one third of its time, and
be left free to turn its attention to other subjects
of deep interest, which it is now compelled to
neglect. The sessions would begreatly shortened—
a matter of importance, not only in a pecuniary,
but still more in a political point of view. But
these, though important, are but minor advant-
ages. There are others immeasurably greater.
It would close our land offices in the new States,
and, with them, the door to the vast patronage
and influence which they place in the hands of
the Executive. Who can estimate this advantage?
Who is there, that has a particle of patriotism or
love of republican institutions, who would not
rejoice at the reduction of such immense patronage,
made not only without injury, but with advantage,
to the public? When we add to this that it would
remove all causes of conflict between the old and
new States; that it would withdraw from the
presidential contest the public lands, that prolific
source of corruption in the hands of the profligate;
and, finally, that it would save oar vast and noble
domain itself from being squandered in the struggle,
it is hardly in the power of calculation to estimate
the advantages that would result.
Having now suggested what I believe to be the
proper policy to be pursued in relation to the pub-
lic lands within the new States, and hastily traced
the advantages of the measure I have suggested
for consideration, the next question is, have we
the right to dispose of the lands in the manner pro-
posed ? I would not have supposed that there could
have been a doubt on this point, had not the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] raised it
on this,as well as on aformeroccasion. The Con-
stitution gives to Congress, expressly, the right to
dispose of the public lands; and why may they
not dispose of them to the States as well as to indi-
viduals? I can see no reason, and never have
heard one assigned. We are in the daily habit of
making grants to the States for public purposes;
and if we may grant, may we not also sell or dis-
pose of them, as 1 have proposed? The lands be-
long to the States, in their confederate character,
as has been stated; and Congress is the trustee to
dispose of them for the common benefit. They
are bound, in the fulfillmentof the trust, to dispose
of them to the best advantage; and if the disposi-
tion proposed be the best for all concerned, Con-
gress has not only the right to make it, but would
be bound by the trust so to do.
Entertaining these views, it may be asked why
I have not brought forward the measure this ses-
sion? My answer is, there is not time, at the
present short session, to digest and carry through
a measure of so much importance, and involving
so many and such conflicting interests. But 1
pledge myself, if present at the next session, to
introduce it at an early day, and to use my best
efforts to press it to a decision. If I can prevent
it, no other measure relating to the public lands
shall take precedence of it.
I have now presented my views as to the policy
which ought to be adopted in reference to the pub-
lic lands within the new States; and it now remains,
in conclusion, to assign my reason for voting
against the engrossment of this bill.
Believing that nothing shortof a radical change
of policy, such as that proposed, can arrest the
evils apprehended from the present system, I am
of the opinion, that until some permanent reme-
dy can be applied, the proper course is'to vote
against all partial and temporary expedients like
the present; and I shall, in conformity to that
opinion, give my vote against this bill. I believe
it to be the course, not only the best calculated to
insure, in the end, the application of a permanent
and efficient remedy, but also to prevent, in the
intermediate period, the mischiefs naturally result-
ing from the present system. But in addition to
these general reasons, there are others against this
particular measure, sufficient to induce me to vote
against it.   Passing others by, I shaHonly notice
one.
This bill is pressed on the Senate, on the
ground, among other reasons, that it is a financial
measure. It is stated that the Treasury is de-
ficit, and that one of the effects of the reduction of
the price of the public lands would be a present
increase of the revenue from that source. I am
not prepared to say whether such would be the
fact, not having examined the- point sufficiently to
form an opinion; but if it should be so, it would
to me constitute an objection, instead of a recom-
mendation. It is admitted that the increase of the
revenue would be temporary, and be followed in
a short time by a corresponding reduction. Now,
if 1 am not mistaken, the income of this and the
ensuing year will, without further addition to the
revenue, be sufficient to meet the expenditures,
with due economy, and timely and judicious re-
trenchment. The pinch will be in the two sub-
sequent years—1841 and 1842—when six tenths
of the entire reduction under the compromise act
will take place. The difficulty will be in passing
through those two years, and this bill, considered
as a measure of revenue, instead of passing now,
ought to be postponed until then. Its passage at
this time would but increase the difficulty two
years hence. Whatever it might add to the in-
come of this and the next year, would serve but
to increase their expenditures to the same extent.
Experience has taught us that our expenditures
increase with our income, and that if there be
money in the Treasury, it will be spent, regard-
less of consequences. The result would be that,
instead of aiding the Government to meet the
fiscal crisis of 1841 and 1842, by increasing it 
income then, it would compel it to meet it under
the great disadvantage of increased expenditures
with diminished means. Under this belief, if
there were no other objections, I would feel my-
self compelled to vote against the bill.
SWARTWOUT'S DEFALCATION.
DEFERRED HOUSE DEBATE.
January 19, 1839.
The SPEAKER having stated that the busi-
ness first in order was the motion of Mr. Taylor,
(who on the preceding day had been elected to fill
one of the vacancies in the.committee,) that he be
also excused from serving on said committee—
Mr. TAYLOR rose and said that Be félfit in-
cumbent upon him to state the reasons why he
had preferred thisrequest.andhethoughtiiesboulá"
be able to assign such reasons as would be satis-
factory to the House.
It is possible (Mr. T. continued) that i may be
subjected to the charge made yesterday, of a de-
sign to delay and procrastinate the organization
of the committee. If I know myself—if I know
my own heart—such a design is furthest from my
thoughts. It enters not into the reasons which
have induced me to ask tobe excused. I have
felt anxious to have a committee appointed. It is
due to the Administration, it is due to the country.
I desire that the committee may be organized as
early as practicable, and I have so expressed my-
self from the commencement of these proceedings.
I hope, therefore, I shall not be charged with de-
signedly delaying its organization. A. majority
of the committee has been selected from the op-
ponents of the Administration, who appear to
have a majority in this House upon this question.
They have selected the committee to suit their
own peculiar views, and have placed upon it six
men upon their side of high legal attainments.
And as they seem disposed to place upon it three
Administration men, i ask whether it is not due
to themselves, to the Administration, to the coun-
try, and to the cause of justice, that these should
be, also, gentlemen of high legal attainments?
The duties of this committee will be not only
onerous, but complicated; and if I rightly appre-
hend the nature of those duties, a general knowl-
edge of law, and experience in the investigation
of matters involving legal principles and proceed-
ings, will be best calculated to aid in this investi-
gation. An acquaintance, also, with the interna!
regulations of the Treasury Department, the de-
tails of its business, the duties of the different
