98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
25th Cong....3d Sess.         Defalcation of Samuel Swartwout—Mr. Wise, Mr. Taylor, etc.
Ho. or Reps.
officers, &c, as well as some acquaintance with the
internal regulations of the custom-house, would
perhaps be of essential aid in the investigation of
this case with facility. Now, I presume it is
well understood that ray profession and habits
have been in a different channel. Í make no pre-
tensions to any particular acquaintance with the
general principles of law, and particularly as ap-
plicable to the examination and cross-examination
of witnesses; neither has my position on any com-
mittee of this House necessarily led me to much
intercourse with the Departments, and the details
of business there. My position on the Committee
on Invalid Pensions may have been from the im-
pression that my professional experience might
render me more useful there than on some other
committee. In the selection of committees, refer-
ence is usually had to the peculiar qualifications
for the appropriate duties of the different commit-
tees; and it would hardly be expected of the
Speaker that he would place on the Judiciary
Committee .farmers, mechanics, &c, men who
have not those legal acquirements necessary to
the investigation of the appropriate business of
that committee, however well qualified they might
be for the general discharge of their duties in this
House. And if the standing committees were ap-
pointed by the House, the same rule would doubt-
less prevail. In matters of this kind I have no
pride to gratify, and hesitate not to say that I
have not those legal qualifications that I appre-
hend, from the nature of this investigation, will
be best calculated to aid in the discharge of the
duties of the committee.
1 will now for a moment allude to the position
assumed by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
"Wise,] in relation to this matter. That gentle-
man is, I suppose, to be considered aa the head
of the committee. He has pledged himself to the
House and to the nation to convict the Secretary
of the Treasury of corruption.
Mr. WISE asked leave to explain. I pledged
myself (he said) that if you would give me a com-
mitteeto inquire into thegroundsof impeachment,
and make it an efficient committee, I would show
that the Secretary of the Treasury had so grossly
violated hia duty as to render himself liable to
impeachment. But this committee proposes to
inquire simply into the causes of the defalcations,
the names of the defaulters, the extent to which
the public moneys have been taken. This is
another inquiry entirely, and my resolution lies
there on the Speaker's table.
Mr. TAYLOR resumed.    Well, sir, I stand
corrected.    I will take, then, the general position
which the gentleman occupies towards the Ad-
ministration, and particularly towards the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.   The relative position which
he now occupies towards the Secretary of the
Treasury is, that if he had a committee he would
furnish matter for impeachment.    Having, then,
upon the committee now raised, a majority of
those who  it may  be supposed will  meet  his
views, and cooperate with him, I would ask the
gentleman, and the party with whom he acts, if
it is not due to the Secretary, to the Administra-
tion, and to a fair and impartial investigation, that
there should be three, constituting the minority of
the committee, whose peculiar professional educa-
tion and experience in conducting matters of this
sort would insure justice in the premises?   I im-
pute no improper motive to  the gentleman.    I
speak of the natural impulses of the human heart;
and I say, with the opinions which he has more I
than once expressed; with the convictions which I
he admitted yesterday; and with the natural pre- j
judice of party feeling added, he is liable, in spite !
of himself, to be partial in conducting this investí- ¡
gation.   It is in the human heart to be so.   Stand-!
mg there as he does, I again ask whether there
ought not to be on this committee three friends of !
the Administration of those professional qualifi- '
cations and experience best calculated to insure a
fair and impartial investigation ?
The gentleman from Virginia said yesterday
that the course pursued on this floor, by asking ,
to be excused, indicated to him a determination ;
either to avoid or delay the organization of the j
committee, or to compel them to accept some ,
picked men of the party, who, by their skill and i
qualifications, might delay or embarrass theoper- !
ations of the committee.   After all this, I must'
say, if I have been elected by the votes of the Op-
position members of this House, for reasons indi-
cated in those remarks, self-respect would compel
me to decline the honor of serving.
In conclusion, I will say that I am at present
chairman of a committee, the duties of which are
important; aud I have also other important duties
to perform, connected with my situation as a mem-
ber of this House; and but for these reasons which
I have offered, I should not have appealed to the
House to extend to me that courtesy which has
been granted toothers.
Mr. GRAY said he had not heretofore taken
any part in this debate, nor was it his desire to do
so. He was, however, disposed to join in the
request which his colleague [Mr. Taylor] had
made to be excused from serving on this commit-
tee, as it seemed to him that his reasons were con-
clusive. He has said that the duties which the
committee will have to perform are of a nature
peculiar to the legal profession. He has said,
and said truly, that the gentlemen elected from
the anti-Administration party are all lawyers of
distinguished abilities. He has also said that his
profession is not that of a lawyer, and that he has
not, by profession or practice, been led to the in-
vestigation of rights and wrongs to such an ex-
tent as would fit him to be placed in competition
with gentlemen whose education and practice had
fitted them for this peculiar service in a greater
degree than any other duty which they might
have to perform in Congress. I do not pretend
that the rules of evidence, studied by lawyers, are
to be strictly observed in eliciting facts; but I do
say that a knowledge of those rules, and the prac-
tice of years under them, give to those who have
the theory and practice, upon this or any other
investigating committee whose duty is to inves-
tigate the conduct of officers whose duties are pre-
scribed by law, a decided advantage. The great-
est adroitness exercised by lawyers is frequently
exhibited in the examination of dishonest wit-
nesses. I am not about to say that the committee,
taken from the ranks of the enemies of the Ad-
ministration, are so dishonest as to require watch-
ing, but these are times when party feelings run
high, our prejudices are strong, we honestly come
to different conclusions without prejudice; but
when party prejudice beclouds our judgment, then
are we more apt to differ, and then it is the duty
of the committee to reason with each other. They
may differ upon the construction of a statute pre-
scribing a duty, the performance of which it may
be their business to inquire into. Ought they,
then, to select my colleague to reason upon a
question of law? In the duties that devolve upon
us here, I would, in almost ninety-nine cases out
of a hundred, submit to his superior judgment.
I would not ask a lawyer a question of physic, or
think a physician a fit person to determine law
matters. I have a question to submit to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] in regard to
his remarks in a former stage of this debate. If
1 misunderstood him, 1 hope he will setme right.
I understood him at the onset of the debate, when
the resolution for a committee was under consider-
ation, to say that he could, on the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself, convict the
Secretary of a gross violation of duty, and of
negligence, before any twelve impartial men of
his own party.
Mr. WISE explained. I said, and I now re-
peat, and have published what I said, and the
evidence upon which I founded it, that upon docu-
ment 297, showing the correspondence of the
Secretary of the Treasury with the receivers and
collectors of the public raoney, and the report of
the commissioners appointed to examine those offi-
cers, the Secretary of the Treasury had been guilty
of a gross violation of duty and of law, and that,
in my opinion, there was evidence enough to con-
vict him of a corrupt intent.
Mr. GRAY resumed. I understood the gen-
tleman right, then; and in the remarks I am about
to make, I beg to be understood as differing from
him entirely. 1 attribute to him no improper
motive, and repeat what I have before said, that
our prejudices often mislead our judgments. I
use his statements to show that it is due to him
that three persons, the choice of the friends of the
Administration, should be placed upon the com-
mittee, with the six first chosen who are opposed
to the Administration, at least so far as this ques-
tion is concerned.
Mr. MASON, of Ohio, rose to a point of order,
as to the relevancy of this discussion.
The SPEAKER declared that Mr. Gray was in
order.
Mr. GRAY resumed. My object in referring
to the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] was to show that it was important for
him that he should consult the wishes of the friends
of the Administration in the choice of the three
Administration men to be placed upon the com-
mittee. I submit it to him, and his political and
personal friends, whether it may not furnish him
with an argument with which to repel the imputa-
tions that may hereafter (in case the doings of the
committee should reflect upon the Secretary of the
Treasury) be cast upon him of prejudging the
case. His opinion formed and expressed against
the Secretary of the Treasury is strong. It may
be said of him hereafter that he carried with him
into the committee-room opinions founded upon a
record of the Secretary'sown showing-, and will it
not then be said that he was prejudiced and had
prejudged the case? I repeat my assertion, it is
due to thegentleman from Virginia, to his personal
and political friends, that the Administration party
should select their own men, that he may here-
after, if charged with having prejudged the case,
be able to reply that he was confronted by three
men of the Administration party chosen at the
suggestion of the party.
Mr. WISE asked leave to say a word. The
gentleman (said Mr. W.) does not argue this
matter fairly. In the first place, I have to submit
it to his candor and sense of fair dealing, whether
it is proper and fair, at the very outset of this
investigation, to attribute to me the character of
prosecutor, instead of the character of inquirer?
I will, at the same time, admit all that a senf; of
justice requires me to admit. Does the gentle-
man ask me if I have charged the Secretary with
gross neglect of duty? I say, yes; it would be
impossible to contradict it, for I have published
it. Does the gentleman ask me if I have an in-
tuitive, holy horror of the party that would tol-
erate these things ? I answer, yes. I, sir, for the
very reason the gentleman has assigned, would
take the best and most efficient men of the party;
but I would pick men whom I believe to be
independent and conscientious; gentlemen who
would not resort to useless cross-examinations,
special pleading, and county court pettifogging,
to hinder and obstruct a fair investigation, and
thus prevent us from making a report before the
end of the session. Give us such men, and I
think the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gray]
is, himself, one of that number. I will take him.
1 had respect for the intelligence, the honor, and
the integrity of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Taylor,] and therefore voted for him, the
highest compliment I could pay to his intelligence
and character.
Mr. GRAY resumed. The House will per-
ceive that I am not dealing with the motives of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] nor
do I wish to pursue an unfair course of argument.
As matters now stand, such imputations will be
made, and the course I suggest is to save the
gentleman from such imputations, or furnish him
with a reply to them when they are made. It is
due to the Administration, and is as important to
the gentleman from Virginia as the Administra-
tion, for the reasons I have stated, that three such
men as the Administration may select from among
the most sound and distinguished lawyers of the
party should be put upon the committee.
Mr. SIBLEY rose, and suggested that there
were in the New York delegation eminent law-
yers, and that his colleague [Mr. Gray] is one
among the number. Mr. S. therefore inquired
of his colleague, if he [Mr. Gray] was elected, if
he would serve on the committee?
Mr. GRAY resumed, and replied to his col-
league [Mr. Sibley] that inasmuch as he could not
respond to the compliment, he must decline an-
swering the question, and proceed. The gentle-
man from Virginia seems to suppose that if such
lawyers as the friends of the Administration should
select should be put upon the committee, the time
of the committee would be uselessly wasted by
them in examining and cross-examining witnesses
