1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
101
25th Cong....3d Sess.       United States Bank Bonds—Mr. Rives, Mr. Wright, Mr. Niks.
Senate 
was that other proof The comments of opposi-
tion newspapers upon Mr. Biddle's letter! The
remarks and inferences of the Baltimore Chroni-
cle upon that singular production ' Mr. W. was
not disposed to extend remark upon such a case,
based upon such evidence, and coming from
such a quarter He would, therefore, only add,
that such never had been, and such nevei should
be, the standard by which he would judge his
friends. Neither the President, nor the Secretary
of the Treasury, should ever receive condemna-
tion from him upon such authouty If they
were to be convicted of a design to fasten upon the
country a national bank of any chaiacter, he mu&t
ieam the fact from better authouty than the Balti-
more Chronicle, or the comments of any other Op-
position newspaper, before he should subscribe to
the veidict.
A single other position of the Senator should
receive a passing notice, and Mr W. would come
to a conclusion A chaige had been preferred
against the Piesident, of the gravest character,
thawn fiom the face of his late message It was
said that he had made an arrogant and unconsti-
tutional recommendation, calculated to sink Con-
gress from its high estate to the feet of the Execu
tive, that, in thatrecommendation, the disposition
to render the executive superior and paiamount
to the legislative powei of tne Government was
conclusively manifested. What was the specific
c'arge from which this grave mfeienee was so
confidently drawn ' It was that the Piesident had
recommended thata committee of Congress, to be
appointed by the body, should examine, at inter
vals, the boohs, accounts, and money in the hands
of the oiKcers charged with the collection, safe-
keeping, and disbursement of the public moneys,
as such committee had been author z°d by the
chattel of the late Bank of the united States, when
it was the deposi'oiy of the public money, to ex-
amine us accounts. Poi what purpose did the
President propose this examination ' The Sena
tor says, that the committee might make repoit
thereof to the President, that a committee of Con-
gress might be made the servants of the Executive,
and might be brought to the foot of the throne to
give an account of their doings, instead of making
« leport to the two Houses of Congress, of which
they themselves would be a component part, and
which, as independent representatives of the peo-
ple, or the States, they could do without humili-
ation or disgrace
Mi W would appeal to the Senator himself to
say if this was a fair oi candid statement of the
recommendation of the Piesident? D d it convey
to the Senate, to this audience, to the country, a
true idea of the message, and of the views and
wishes of the Piesident as communicated in it5
He did not charge the Senatoi with intended un-
fairness or want of candor With his intention
he had nothing to do, but his inquiry went to the
fact Was the representation of the Senator fair
•md candid in fact? Let the message itself answer.
This is its language:
" When the late Bank of the United States was
•mcorpoiated, and made the depository of the
* public moneys, a right was reserved to Congress
' to inspect, at its pleasui e, by a committee of that
' body, the books and the proceedings of the bank
* in one of the States whose banking institutions
' are supposed to rank amongst the first in point
4 of stability, they are subjected to constant exam-
'mation by commissionerb appointed for that pur-
4 pose, and much of the success of its banking
' system is attributed to this watchful supervision
'The same course has also, m view of its bene-
■•ficial operation, been adopted by an adjoining
' State, favorably known for the care it has always
'bestowed upon whatever relates to its financial
4 concerns   I submitto your-consideration whether
* a committee of Congress might not be profitably
'employed in inspecting, at such intervals as might
'be deemed proper, the affairs and accoun's of
'offcers intrusted with the custody of the public
' moneys The frequent performance of this duty
'might be made obligatoiy on the committee in
' respect to *hose officers who have large sums in
' their possession, and left discretional y in respect
'to others They might report to the Executive
'such defalcations as were found to exist, with a
' view to a prompt removal from ofSee unless the
'default was satisfactorily accounted for, and
' report, also, to Congress, at the commencement
' of each session, the result of their examinations
' and pi oceedmgs. It does appear to me that, with
' a subjection of this class of public officers to the
' geneial supervision of the Executive, to the exam-
' ¡nations by a committee of Congress at periods
' of which they should have no previous notice,
' and to prosecution and punishment as for felony
' for every breach of trust, the safe-keeping of the
' public moneys, under the system proposed, might
' be placed on a surer foundation than it has ever
' occupied since the establishment of the Govern-
' ment "
Has the criticism of the gentleman presented
this recommendation, oi rather suggestion, fairly
and candidly' For what purpose does the Pres-
ident suggest that this committee should report to
him, and whatdoes he suggest should be leported
to him' "They might íeport to the Executive
such defalcations as were found to exist," says
the message, and for what? " With a view to a
piompt removal from office " But what further
are the committee to do' "And report, also, to
Congiess, at the commencement of eacn session,"
what' "Theiesult of their examinations and
pioceedings " Is here an attempt to evade the
Legislature, and draw power to the Executive'
The power of removal from office rests with the
President by the Constitution, and it is only to
advise him when the exercise of that power is re-
quired for the safety of the public money that a
íeport to him from the committee of examination
is suggested Is that an attempt to degrade the
legislative powei and bring it into subserviency to
the executive' Does it manifest a disposition to
bung down Congress fiom its high estate' Who
 ould hold a committee of Congress blameless
which should find a defalcation such as is con-
templated in the message, and should not imme-
diately report the defaulting officer to the Pres-
ident, " with a view to a prompt íemoval from
ofnce"of the delinquent' Would a single Sen-
atoi who heard him hold a committee guiltless
which should omit this plain public duty ' Was
it then a crime in the President to suggest the per-
formance of it' Oi was it an offense against Con-
gress to mention, as proper, what all were com-
pelled to admit would be an imperious obligation '
He could not anticipate such a conclusion from
such premises Was it, then, fair oi candid to
have commented with such severity upon the sug-
gestion, and not to have stated the object of the
leport proposed to be made to the President, or
the fact that a full and perfect repoit to Congress
was also recommended ' He could not so con-
sider it
Had the remarks which had fallen from the
Senator proceeded from one of the gentlemen de-
claredly in the opposition, his sui prise would have
been less They did not always, in the warmth
of debate, and acting under feelings of general
political hostility, feel bound to give their oppo-
nents an opportunity to be heard before they be-
stowed censures, nor did they always find it suit-
able to then purposes to state the whole case upon
which to found the mfeiences they might wish to
diaw But from a Senators andinginthe relation
to the Administration wmch he had supposed the
gen leman from Virginia did, he had expected
fairness and canjoi, at least, that if a judgment
of condemnation must be rendered, it would be
after, and not befoie, an opportunity had been af-
forded to present the facts upon which it must
rest, and thata statement of the whole case would
be spread upon the record.
He had, however, doubtless mistaken the posi-
tion of the Senator He remembered that some
peison had, during the summer past, defined the
condition of a ceriam political party of the coun-
try to be that of " ar> armed neutrality," in refer-
ence to the two great contending parties of the
day Of this party, he believed the Senator called
himself a member, and from his speech of this
day it was plain that he (Mr. W ) must have
been mistaken as to the true definition of an
" aimed neutrality " He had supposed it indi-
cated a íelation purely defensive, but he must
suppose, from the example the Senator had pre-
sen ed, that ¡t was one wholly offensive, that it
was exclusively belligerent, and authorized offen-
sive war upon all parties In this sense, all cause
for his surprise and disappointment was removed
But if there was anything of neutrality in the
relation in which the Senator had placed himself
to day towards the party to which he belonged,
it was surely an armed neutrality at the best
To these remarks Mr Rives replied at sonne
length, and Mr. WRIGHT rejoined in a very few-
words, and substantially as follows: He did not
wish to protract this debate, and he found it so
impossible to make himself understood by the hon-
orable Senatoi [Mr. Rives] that he should not at-
tempt to answer him further. He would further
assure the gentleman and the Senate, that he
should rot permit himself, in any degree, to par-
take of the heat and passion which had character-
ized the last remarks to which they had listened.
He lose for a single purpose, to correct a single
error Tne Senator had represented Mr. W.as
menacing him with executive displeasure, as at-
tempting to terrify him by the dread of executive
censures. He had done no such thing, nor had
he, to his knowledge, said anything from which
such an inference could be possibly drawn. The
Senate were the witnesses of what he had said, and
he appealed to them, individually and collectively,
to say if the language he had used was possibly
susceptible of any such interpretation. He would
go further, and cay that no intention to use lan-
guage of that character had existed m lus mind,
and he could not think he bad made expressions
so foreign fiom his feeimgs and intentions He
was not authorized to speak of executive displeas-
ure or to wield executive censures, nor had he
attempted to do either.
A single other remark. If the inference which
might follow from the last remark of the Senator
was intended for him, he repelled and spumed it.
Mr RIVLS rose as Mr Weight was resuming
his seat, and inquired to what remaik of his Mr
Wright alluded, saying he did not know what
allusion was intended.
Mr WRIGEiT said he understood the Senator
to have closed with the words, " I am no vassal
of the President Let the Senator from New
York understand that."
Mr RIVES, turning from Mr. Wright, and
addiessing the Senate, said, I am not a vassal of
the President, or any one else, and I wish that
understood everywhere
Mr NJLES remarked that the war, among
neutrals, had become so warm, at least on one
side, that it might be dangerous for him, being a.
quiet, peaceable man, to interfere, even for the
purpose of moderating the fierceness of the con-
flict. He certainly felt obliged to the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Rives] for introducing these
lesolutions, he desired, as muchas the Senator,
a full investigation of the conduct of the officers of
the Treasury m the management of the finances.
The inquiries were all very proper, at any rate,
he had no objection to any of them, or any otheis
which the Senatoi may choose to make. If there
has been any illegal or improper connection be-
tween the Tieasury and the Bank of the United
States, oi any other banks, he would be one of the
last to justify it He would not, however, imitate
the Senator's example of condemning the Secretary
fiist, and then inquire into his conduct. This was
not in accordance with his notions of justice and
propuety, although, perhaps, it may be with
those of this new school of politicians, belonging
to the " armed neutiality."
Mr N said he should vote for the resolutions,
and could assure the honorable Senator that he
would have voted for them without the eloquent
and very temperate speech by which they had
been sustained He thought well of the resolu-
tions, and would not stop to inquire what the
motives or object of the mover might be, it was
to be presumed that they were purely patriotic,
and having reference solely to the public interest.
And he was sorry he could not say as much of
the Senator's speech, but it did appear to him
that that was not exactly m the right tone, it was
a little too warm for a neutral, and especially as
the occasion seems to have been sought by the
Senator
The substance of it also appeared to him to be
somewhat objectionable. Resolutions are offered
proposing certain inquiries touching the conduct
of t*>e Secretaiy of the Treasury, ard on the con-
sideration of these resolutions the Senator makes
a speech full of crimination, condemning the Sec-
