1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Public Defaulters—Mr. Duncan.
Ho. of Reps.
their country This appeal, sir, under other cir-
cumstances, might have been commendable; it
might have been worthy of the Senator, and hon-
orable to the noble Commonwealth he represents.
But under what circumstances was it made' It
was the conclusion of a speech uncalled for by
the occasion, mtempeiate in Us tone, and through-
cut characterized by unfounded and unsupported
charges and criminations against the Administra-
tion and all its supporters.
If a professed friend (said Mr N.) should meet
me m the street, and after abusing me with hard
words, beat me over the head with his cane, and
then say to me, "Sir, let us now be friends, these
'strifes and contentions not only render us un-
* happy, but they are annoying to the whole com-
*  mumty; let us elevate our feelings above these
•low and base passions." In such a case, I
should be a little inclined to doubt the sincerity oí
the eloquent appeal made to my more elevated
feelings.
Who has betrayed any warmth of party feeling
in this debate, or during the present session, un-
less it be the Senator himself
He speaks of the high and exalted consider-
ations by which he is actuated, rising above the
mists of party, and looking only to the great in-
terests oí the country Of the Senator's motives,
aims, and purposes, he had nothing to say, but
he wished the gentleman to understand, that how-
ever pure, disinterested, or elevated they may be,
they are not more so than those of the Senators
to whom he addressed his appeal
We are called on to abandon the ruinous Sub-
Treasury scheme, and are told that it has been
condemned by the country. Is the Senator quite
sure he is not mistaken > Occupying the position
he does, at the head of an armed neutrality, he
may not have been the most impartial obseiverof
passing events. Sir, a greater mistake was never
made. No nnpaitial observer can have mistaken
the elections of the past year. They have spoken
a language which cannot well be misunderstood.
The financial question has been before the country;
it has been discussed, examined, and is becoming
understood. The people have looked at it, not
in its details, but at the great principle of the en-
tire disconnection of the finances of the Govern-
ment from those of the banks, who desire to use
the public money for their own benefit; and they
are satisfied that it is founded in right and justice.
That is enough for them, they wish to look no
further. Whether it will mjuie the banks or not,
is of no consequence with them; if satisfied the
measure is right and just, they desire to see it ear-
ned out. The mass of the people are honest, and
they love justice above all things The only
difficulty has been that the subject was not suffi-
ciently undeistood. That difficulty is passing
away. The people now understand this question,
they have examined it, and decided upon it. It
is no longer in the power of all the combined
talents in these Halls, however great, to mistiry
this subject or hood wink the people. They have
considered it well, and the elections have an-
nounced their verdict; their voice has been heaid
from the mountains to the valleys, and from the
lakes to the Atlantic, it is the voice of approba-
tion. If this question could this day be fairly
submitted to the direct action of the people, at
least two thirds of the electois in the United
States would be found in its favor. And yet we
are called on to abandon the measure on the
ground that it has been condemned by tne people,
and told that it is a mere party measure To
abandon it,.sir, would be to betray our trusts, to
betray the people, to disregard their known will,
to trample apon their rights Yet this is the way
the Senator invokes us to elevate our minds above
the low, selfish, and groveling purposes of party.
Mr. K. said he foi bore to notice various other
matters touched upon by the Senator, as his prin-
cipal object m rising was, to call the attention of
the Senate and the country to the new positions
which are assumed. Sir, the alarming evils which
have so long threatened the rum of the country,
have suddenly disappeared, and that without any
change of policy on the part of the Administra-
tion, for to regard the negotiation of a bond to the
Bark of the united States as constituting a change,
would be trifling with the subject. The bank
war, which had so long afflicted  the country,
bringing so many evils in its train, is at last term-
inated. The day of panics is gone, and we may
now expect quiet and prosperity. The Sub-Treas-
ury bill is in practical operation, and we have
escaped that great and alamrng peril, a Treasury
bank. We have also got rid of the half-way
house, and nothing now remains but the armed
neutrality, and that ever fertile theme of declama-
tion, executive influence. That, sir, still remains,
and will remain as long as this Government en-
dures It has been, now is, and will continue to
be, a subject about which many great, good, and
just men will entertain apprehensions of danger
to our institutions; and they will eloquently and
earnestly warn the people against this danger. In
his opinion, this was not the weak point in our
political fortress; it was not the place where the
first breach would be made But whilst many
honest and good men will point to this source of
danger, and ra'se their warning voices against the
increase of executive power, there will at all times
be ether men, who will declaim eloquently and
earnestly against the abuses and the increase of
executive power, executive patronage, and ex-
ecutive influence, for other and far diffeient motives
and purposes
PUBLIC  DEFALCATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. DUNCAN,
OP OHIO,
In the Hoosf of Representatives,
January 17,1839,
On the Resolution providing foi the appointment
of a Committee to inquiie into the defalcations
of Samuel Swaitwout
Mr DUNCAN said he had been anxious to
obtain the floor for some days, to participate in
the discussion of this resoluunn, but he had not
succeeded m his attempts to catch the Speaker's
attention, and al'hough he sometimes feit disap-
pointed, at the moment, that he was notpeimitted
to do somethirg towards arresting the unbroken
torrent of abuse which has been daily and hourly
poured upon the heads of the Administration,
from the first day of the session to this time, yet
he felt pleased that his rights were deferred till
now. The unbounded range which the debate
has taken, and the unlimited privilege tolerated by
the Chair to those who had entered the discussion,
by which eveiy subject of the political or human
character, proper and improper to be talked of,
here or elsewhere, has been drawn into the vortex
ot discussion,and all attempted to be made to bear
upon this Administration, to its prejudice, and to
the destruction of the confidence of the people in
it, whose Administration it is, I say that 1 do
not regret that 1 have been deferred until now, be-
cause the course and spiead the debate has taken
gives me a wider space to move in I trust, sir,
although I shall deviate in many of the remarks I
shall make trom the real question, I shall rot l>°
considered out of order, providtd my temarks go
to reply to the lemntks of those who hi've pre-
ceded me in this discussion, for I hold, sir, that
when remarks aie made, in discussion, un'avor-
able in their chaiacter to the reputation of the
Administration, or any individual, whether in a
public or private station, even if the remarks be
out of ordei, yet, sir, it is light that they should
be answered, at all times, when justice and tiuth
require it, withouL regaid to the question or meas-
ure immediately under consideration
Sir, in the remarks I am about to make, I shall
feel bound to answer many charges against the
Administration and the Republican party, made
during this debate. 1 am aware that many of
those charges were made m open violation of Older
and the rules that regulate debate in this House
And it may be said it is equally out of order to
answer charges, propositions, orarguments, which
are themselves out of ordei This may be true m
the general, bat never ought to prevail at ihe ex-
pense ofjustioe or leputatnn I hope, then, sir,
that I shall be permitted, without interruption, to
respond to the charges to which I allude, and to
indulge me in this hope will be an exercise of no
more liberality than has been extended to those
who have made them. That much I have a right
to look for.   That much I will expect.
As to the object of the resolution, I presume
there is but one opinion. All will agree that
Swartwout's defalcations, and the defalcations of
many other officers in this Government, ought to
be exposed; so ought all persons, public and pn-
vate, who either connive at them, or by whose
neglect they may have been permitted to occur.
I, however, am not aware that any substantial
benefit can grow out of the investigation no  pro-
posed to be made The objects desired to be at-
tained by the investigation, seem to me to be in
possession of the House and the country; that is,
that the Government has been defrauded out of
near a million and a quarter of money, and that
the Conservative-Whig scoundrel, Samuel Swart-
wout, has done it, and has placed himself far on
the other side of your investigation. Ifanmvesti-
gation can be made without additional expense
and loss to the Government, or if any portion of
the money can be found, or if there are others
within our jurisdiction may who have been engaged
in this stupendous fraud, and who may be brought
to punishment by the proposed investigation,! am
willing and anxious for it; but I protest against
the mode proposed of raising the committee who
shall make this investigation It is proposed to
have this committee appointed by the House. I
object to any innovation upon the usual mode It
is the province of the Speaker to appoint com-
mittees, unless otherwise ordered by the House.
1 have some objections to " otherwise ordering"
the appointment of this committee. First, because
it will be a reflection upon the Speaker, whose
character and reputation is identified with the
character, reputation, and honorof this body; and
whose official course, while it continues as hon-
orable, able, impartial, and dignified as ithasbeen,
merits the esteem of this House, and will have the
confidence of the country. Second, because I be-
lieve that greater discrimination, and less party
partiality, will be exercised in the choice of the
committee if selected by the Speaker, than will be
exercised by the House Third, because there is
less responsibility attached in the appointment by
the House than by the Speaker If by the House,
the committee is responsible If by the Speaker,
we have the responsibility of the Speaker and the
committee.
It has been intimated that, should the cornmtt-
tee be appointed by the Speaker, it will be a
"whitewashing" committee. Sir, I object to the
appointment of the committee by the House, be-
cause the Whigs and their "friends and allies,"
the Conservatives, have the ascendency in this
House, and a majority of that committee will
consist of Whigs and Conservatives Swartwout
was a Conservative-Whig. I am confident every
efibit will be used by the committee to whitewash
the black frauds and corrupt iniquities of Swart-
wout, and blackwash the Administration I ob-
ject also to the appointment of the committee by
the House, because a part of that committee may
consist of members who have formed and ex-
pressed an opinion unfavorable to the Secretary
of the Tieasury in relation to the defalcations of
Swart out, whom I consider wholly unfit for a
place on that committee It would be as dis-
graiefut for this House to place such a member
on that comm'*tee as it would be dishonoiable fol-
ium to serve on it But should the House determ-
ine tha* this investigation shall go on, and that
the House shall appoint the committee, I hope
that it will not be by ballot, as pioposed, but that
it will be appointed viva voce, so that the coontry
may undeistand and see who is responsible for
the character of the committee I hope in this
business there will be no dodging I hope every
man will "toe the mark," and show his hand.
We act for ourcountiy, and not for ourselves.
Those we repiesent have a right to know what
we do 1 say, if this committee is to be appointed
by the House, let it be done viva voce. Come out,
gentlemen, and show your hands I hope we
will see no skulking behind the "cotton bags "
Mr Speakei, we have been tossed and rolled
upon the waves of party and the billows of fac-
tion foi some days, yes, some weeks And so
high has run the sea by party tempest, that we
have been n danger of losing sight of that har-
bor in which the vessel of State was destined to
ride by the framers of the Constitution. There
is danger of losing sight of those principles which
must be considered funda-menta!, and which must
