JG4
APPEHQI& TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Januaiy It,
25th Gong....3d Sess.
Public Defaulters—Mr. Duncan.
Ho. of Reps.
continue to be the basis of our Government so
long as it is of a republican character.
Ihere is no better method of perpetuating our
free institutions than a frequent recurrence to first
principles, and a strict adherence to the letter Qf
tne Constitution; nothing short of these can se-
cure either perpetuity to the Government, or hap-
piness to the people. I believe that ours is a Gov-
ernment of the people, and its principles íecogmze
the right of the people to govern themselves, either
by themselves, or by their representatives, legisla-
tive and executive. The principle of self-govern-
ment embraces and implies the capacity for self-
government, and the right and the capacity for
self government implies and involves the right to
instruct those whom the people may select to rep-
resent them in the law-making power, as well as
those who may be appointed to execute the laws.
Indeed, we may say that public opinion is the law
in this country. No law can be executed contrary
to the popular will, although it may have all the
legislative and judicial sanction necessary to its ex-
istence; yet obedience and submission to all laws,
while they exist, are the moral and political duties
of every citizen But, sir, oneof the highest duties
we as Representatives owe, or can owe, to those
we represent, is to sustain those measures which
are the choice of the people, and the stiongest evi-
dence that we can have that a given measure is
popular with the people, and that it is our duty to
carry .that measure out, so far as it depends upon
our official powers, is that we have been elected to
office with reference to that measure. When an
Administration is elected by the people, upon po-
litical questions involving their interest, the vote
which is given in that election is an expression of
the people in favor of or against it, (as the ease
may be.) The men who are elected are but the
instruments m the hands of the people to carry out
the policy involved in those questions. The coi-
rectness of these propositions will not bé openly
denied by any, but they have been obliquely and,
covertly denied by the whole Opposition of this
House. It is done indirectly, by malting the broad
and unqualified assertion, that the uiiii of the peo-
ple is not manifested in the official existence of
this Admimsiration, that the people have been
blindly led into error by designing demagogues,
and that the result of the elections is no evidence
of what may be the wish or will of the people". Sir,
this is carrying out a fundamental principle of the
Federal party, so i ecogmzed and practiced upon by
that party fiom the commencement of our Gov-
ernment to this time, vi/: that there is too much
want of integrity, intelligence, stability, and moral
rectitude with the common people for self govern-
ment. Su, 1 will, before I take my seat, say more
on this subject. I will dismiss it at this time with
the only declaration which the baseness of the
charge will admit of, and on behall of the Ameri-
can people, I feaiiessly pronounce the charge a
base slander upon their intelligence, and their
moral and political integrity
But, sir, have the principles laid down in this
discussion by gentlemen of the Opposition corre-
sponded with these fundamental principles ' Have
they not broken over every barner that has been
erected for the pieservation of those rights and
punciples, which have cost so much' Whatteims
of reproach have not been used in denouncing this
Admmistiation.andallits leading measures' Sn,
I repeat, I have ever heard that a want of confi-
dence m the intelligence, capacity, stability, and
moral firmness m the common people for self gov-
ernment, constitutes a leading feature in the prin-
ciples of the austocrats m othei countries, and the
Federalists in this, but 1 have never seen that prin-
ciple so manifest, and so plainly developed, as it
has been in this discussion These denunciations
are unwarrantable and indefensible in a political
sense, and revolutionary in their nature and tend-
encies. If ever there was an Administiation of
the people since the formation of our Government,
or it there ever will be to Us final dissolution, it is
this Administration. If there ever were, or ever
will be, measures which were, or are to he, con
sidered the measuie of the people, the leading
measures of this Administiation are so The chief
oiiiceis of theAdmimstrationhave been elected by
t le people with a full knowledge of their merits,
their prnciples, and their capacities for the eleva-
ted stations in which they have been placed.
The leading measures of this Administration
are the measures of the people; all the prominent
recommendations contained in the President's
Message involve the same principles which have
received the decision and the sanction of the peo-
ple, after mature discussion and enlightened delib-
eration; and now to denounce them in the unmeas-
ured terms of reproach and defamation, as well
the Administration as the measures themselves, is
to deny, in direct terms, as well the capacity of the
people to select then political representatives, as
their capacity to judge of the fitness or unfitness of
such measures as directly involve thetr highest and
their deepest interests, and perfectly in character
with the fact, that a want of confidence in the in-
tegrity and intelligence of the people constitutes
a prominent and fundamental principle of the Fed-
eral or aristocratic party in this country.
The President recognizes the fact, that our po-
litical institutions are becoming more and more
under the control of the people, and that the
growth of intelligence is equal to the duties of their
protection and preservation. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr Bell] denies this, and refers to
the " mob " in Pennsylvania, as an evidence that
such is not the fact, but that we are in a state of
dtsmder. And, sir, I affirm that our political in-
stitutions, and all the pure principles thereupon
depending, aie m a high state of preservation and
durability; and for the truth of my affirmation, I
refer to the "mob" in Pennsylvania, and let me
say, that I look upon the proceedings of the De-
mocracy ("rabble " as they have here been called)
of Pennsylvania, as a most valuable evidence that
there is enough of the revolutionary spirit of '76
yet existing to repel any attempt at usurpation
of power not recognized by the institutions of our
country. The attempt at usurpation by the Bank
Federalists of Pennsylvania, was an attempt to
establish power, in violation of the Constitution,
as well of the United States as of the State of
Pennsylvania It was an attempt at disorganiza-
tion, a prostration of our free institutions, and an
effort to trample in the dust the elective franchise.
The woikers of such iniquity will only be known
hereafter in infamy, and ought to be marked by
the frown and indignation of every patriot and
friend to his country It is to be hoped that the
Constitution and oui free institutions, whenever
and wherever assailed, and attempted to be pros-
trated, as they were by the hired bank minions
of Pennsylvania, may find, such a democracy for
their protection as that which rallied to their stand-
ard at Harnsbuig. Such being the case, we have
nothing to fear from all the political demagogues,
bank vassals, and stock jobbmggamblers that may
anay themselves against the country and the Con-
stitution.
Ihe gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
complains that the President and Secretary recom-
mend economy, and, because this recommendation
is piesented to the public in each executive docu-
ment, the people are thereby deceived, and says
that such frauds upon "the credulity of the people
ought to be stopped," that is to say, the President
and heads of the Departments ought not to recom-
mend economy in the administration of the Govern-
ment I have no doubt, sn, but what these execu-
tive recommendations of economy greatly annoy
the Federal pai ty, whose un remitting object seems
to be to bankrupt this Government, if there is no
other way to breakdown this Administiation, and
piostrate the Democratic party Yes, sir, I have
no doubt but that a recommendation from the
President and Secretary to Congress, to be liberal,
magnificent, and even extravagant, in public ex-
penditures, would have been much more accepta-
ble to the gentleman and some more of his party
Such a recommendation could have been used
much more conveniently for Whig President
making, tnan an economical recommendation,and
would have been much more m characterwith the
votes of the gentleman's party, which tne Journals
display
Sir, it has ever b<"en a caidinal point with the
Democracy, and with every Democratic Adminis-
tiation, to confine the public expenditures to the
absolute wants of tne Government Such a policy
is not only indispensable to the purposes of econ-
omy, but indispensable to keep the Government
within the limits necessary to secure and perpet-
uate liberty to the people
There is nothing that can so much endanger the
free institutions oí a country and the freedom of
its citizens as a rich and powerful Government.
If the people be rich and happy, the Government
must be pool, ¡f the Government be rich and
powerful, the people will be poor and weak, for
the simple reasons that all nch Governments are
made so by the wealth of the people, and what-
ever is taken from them to enrich the Government
must make them proportionately poor; and in
proportion to the wealth of the Government, so
will it be powerful; and m proportion to its power,
so will the people be weak. If the Government
is the master, the people will be slaves; for both
cannot be rich, both cannot be powerful, nor can
both be masters. I hope there is no friend to his
country of this Congress, or of any other Con-
gress to come, in all time, who will hesitate to
carry out the President's recommendation of econ-
omy in the expenditures of the Government. I
say I hope this recommendation may be unani-
mously sustained; but I fear such will Mot be the
case. We have a party here (the party opposed
to the Administration) who seem to owe it as a
duty to their principles and their party, to oppose
every measure that is recommended by the Execu-
tive Department, or brought forward by H3 sup-
porters. It is enough that the Administration
recommends a measure to rally in one concert
howl the whole pack of Oppositionists. The Ex-
ecutive and the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mend economy, present an estimate of the probable
wants of the Government, but various works of
a public nature (and many of them unconstitu-
tional) are authorized by Congress, and appro-
priations directed to carry them on, to more than
twice the amount of the estimates; and if the
means of the Government happen to fall short, then
we have a general Federal yelp of extravagance,
extravagance, profligacy, and ruin, by the very
party—yes, by the very men—who have been the
means of involving the Government and bank-
rupting the Treasury by unconstitutional and ex-
travagant appropriations; and these are the men
who preach economy to the people with their lips,
but practice extravagance in their hearts
Mr. Speaker, I entered upon this discussion
with great diffidence; not but what truth, facts,
and argument are on our side, but because it is
impossible to know where to find our enemy.
They are as inaccessible as the Seminóles of
Florida, who skulk beyond the swamps and
within the dense hammocks, or the Circassians,
who secure themselves in and upon the inaccessi-
ble Caucasus of Asia. Was it not for one fea-
ture in the principles ard conduct of the modern
Whigs, they would be impervious to defeat, they
would be ¡ike brigands; they would eat, drink,
and sleep with the apparent sociability of a friend
with those who are the constant subjects of their
plunder I say if it were not for one feature in
their political conduct; that is, never ceasing hos-
tility to the principles of Democracy; that is a
paramount object, and before which everything
else, moral, political, or religious,must give way.
That is the link which unites them as close as the
Siamese twins Our enemies have no name, or,
perhaps, they have so many names that little ad-
vantage could be deuved from advertising them.
The number of aliases necessary to designate them
would swell the price of an advertisement above
their value I believe that all honest men regard
a frequent change of one's name as an evidence of
base dishonesty and fraud. If you hear of a man
giving himself the name of A B at one of your
neighboring towns, C D at another, and at another
E F, you will surely come to the conclusion that
he is a horse-thief, a robber, or something of the
kind So in a political sense, suspicions would
justly be entertained of the political honesty and
integrity of a paity who are perpetually changing
their names with the return of every general and
nnpoitant election There is no man sufficiently
watchful of his political rights, who will not look
upon such a party with jealousy and great sus-
picion. Woi are the Federalists more prolific of
names than they are m principles. They have a
new code of punciples for each election that is
presented Whenever it is recessaiy to rally
upon a given election of general mteiest, they
baptize themselves with a new name, and make
such principles and maxims their watchwords as
