112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSI     AL GLOBE.
[January 29,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
selves to be carried so far as to oppose a measure
favorable to the interests of that section of the
country, that was no sufficient reason why those
interests should now be abandoned. He trusted
that they would receive from Congress the same
consideration as other interests of equal ímport-
tance, and they ought to expect no more.
Mr N. said he could not agree with the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] that the
policy of this Government had changed the pur-
suits Of the people of the eastern States, and
driven them from commerce, navigation, and the
fisheries, into manufacturers. Their navigation
and fishing interests had at times, no doubt, suf-
fered, but from causes beyond the control of this
Government. It was not the embargo, non-
intercourse laws, or other restrictive measures,
th*t depressed these interests, but the condition
of the great Powers of Europe, and their hostile
measures towards all neutral commerce. But the
cojs mercial and fishing interests of the eastern
State  have not declined, but are now in their full
vigor  and one of these interests, the whale fish-
ery, has increased amazingly since the war
Manufactures have not been established upon
the decline of commerce and navigation, nor in
consequence of the alleged unfriendly policy of
this Government towards those interests The
war, which cut off our supply of foreign goods,
gave the first powerful stimulus to manufactures,
and fiom that time they have passed through
various vicissitudes, but had generally been ad-
vancing until they had reached their present con-
ditio  The policy o1- measures of this Govern-
ment have had no agency in changing the pursuits
of the eastern States The policy of the Gov-
ernment never has, and he trusted never would
be able to produce such results. It has long been
£t practice with a certain class to attach an undue
tsiportance to the measures of the Government
Bpófl private, pursuits. It is confined, however,
to em injurious-influence, as little 19 said about
the policy of the Government having any bene-
fiei l «Sect upon any pitvate interests or pursuits
Eat the practice is to charge all miscarriages and
failures m business to the policy of the Govern-
ment, which is either unfriendly to commerce,
opposed to the manufacturing mteiests, or hostile
to bank  and credit. This is nil a mistake.
Fortunately the policy of this Government cannot
essentially afiect any of the gieat mteiests of the
country, and what they moat require is stability
in oui legislation
Mr President, I cannot forbear (sHid Mr. N )
to notice the closing remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr Davis,] which appealed to
me to be uncalled for b) the subject or the occa-
sion, and to have been delivered m a tone and
manner which I should not have expected fiom
that,quarter. He had listened to the gentleman's
speech with interest and instruction, and was
sorry that, in discussing a subject no way con-
nected with politics, the Senator should have in-
dulged in contemptuous and offensive language
concerning the late Administration. The Senator
sneenngly asked what the late Administration had
done to advance the interests of the people of the
eastern States, and answered the question by
saying that the people of New England were in-
debted for their prosperity to their own enterprise
and exertions, and the blessings of Providence,
alone', «md that they ought, perhaps, to esteem
themselves fortunate that the bounties of Provi-
dence had not been vetoed by the late President
It, may be true, sir, that the people of those
States, like those of every other section of the
Union, are-essentially indebted for the measure of
prosperity they have enjoyed to their own enter-
prise and industry. But the language of the Sen-
ator evidently implied that the policy of the late
Administration had been hostile to the interests of
the eastern States. This declaration, made in a
very offensive manner, he regarded as less injuri-
ous to the late Administration than reproachful to
the people of New England. What is it but to
impeach their intelligence, and to eltarge them totift
being %gn&rant of their own vnterestsl Sir, a major-
ity of that people—four States out of six—were
the supporters of that Administration for several
years before it terminated
Genera! Jackson, sir, entered upon the discharge
Salt Duty—Mr. Niks.
of his high and responsible duties, with strong and
pervading prejudices against him in all the east-
ern States, and his Administration closed with the
confidence and support of four of those States.
And yet we are told that his policy was hostile to
their interests, and that the only obligution they
owe to it is, that the late President "did not veto
the bounties of Providence " Such remarks Mr
N. could not but regard as highly injurious to the
intelligence and good sense of the people of those
States; and it was to defend them, rather than the
late Administration, that he referred to the sub-
ject. Mr. N. said that the Administration of
President Jackson required no defense from him.
As the passions and prejudices by which it had
been so fiercely assailed, springing from the in-
terests and conflicts of party, had already, to
some extent, passed away, its merits and its faults
began to be viewed through a clearer medium.
The wisdom of its policy and measures; the firm-
ness with which they were adhered to, the energy
with which they were carried out, the bold and
disinterested patriotism with which difficulties the
most appalling were met and overcome, the fear-
lessness with which responsibility was assumed
when occasion required it, and whatever else pre-
eminently chaiactenzed that Administration, he
was willing to leave to the judgment of posterity,
and the futuie historian Po that judgment all ¡
mu^t submit, and from it there can be no appeal. J
But, sir, Í will defend my own constituents and
the people of the other States leferred to from the
charge of having approved and supported an Ad-
minstration whose policy was hostile to their in-
terests What are the peculiar interests of the
eastern States' They are commerce,navigation,
the fisheries and manufactures. And wnat do
these interests require from the hand of this Gov-
ernment, more than ptotealion and freedom from
all unnecessary lestramts and burdensi And have
they not enjoyed these? Have they not enjoyed
them in an eminent degree? At what period,
during our entire history, has the navigation and
foieign commerce of this "country enjoyed more
perfect security ' When has our flag been more
respected upon every sea, and by all nations' Even
the savages of the isles of the Pacific have been
taught to respect it. What other period of equal
extent is there, since the establishment of this
Government,, when the merchants have not been
heie with their petitions, asking for protection and
secunty in some branch of our diversified foreign
tiade, or for indemnity for aggressions committed
upon their rights ' During what other period of
eight years, have we not witnessed meetings m
our commercial towns, complaining in language
loud and deep of the Government for neglecting
to afford to our commerce that entire secunty and
safety to which they considered it entitled'
He would not say that the unexampled security
which our navigation, fisheries, and foreign com-
merce had enjoyed, was entirely owing to the
policy or energy of the late Administration It
was in part, no doubt, to be attributed to the gen- j
eral peace in Europe, and the condition of other
commercial nations Yet much wasundoubtedly
to be ascribed to that frank and honest policy
which, in our intercourse with other Powers, de-
manded " nothing but what was clearly right, and
yielded to nothing that was wrong " But, sir,
the commercial community are indebted to the late
Administration for something more than entire
protection 111 their diversified puisuits It has
done for them what no preceding Administration
was able to accomplish. It obtained for their ben-
efit indemnity and satisfaction for claims growing
out of aggressions upon commercial rights, many
of which had remained unredressed for more than
a quarter of a century. With France, Denmark,
Naples, and Spain, conventions were concluded,
securing indemnities to our merchants, as the
awards of reluctant and tardy justice, and yet we
are told that the class who has been chiefly bene-
fited by these measures, are indebted to the late
Administration for nothing but the foi bearance of
the President to veto the bounties of Providence.
But, sir, there are other measures of the late
Administration which have been beneficial to the
people of the eastern States, in common with
those of other parts of the Union All parties now
seem disposed to regard the Administration of 1
Senate.
Mr. Jefferson as fortunate and distinguished above
every other. But in what did its greatest meut
consist' It was in correcting the errors, and ar-
resting the mistaken and dangerous poucy of the
preceding Administration, which threatened the
consolidation of the system. In his own emphatic
language, it consisted in "anestmg the anti Re-
' publican tendencies, and bringing the Govern-
1 ment back to its Republican text, and thereby
' saving the Constitution at its last gasp " As to
his own schemes, with the exception of the ac-
quisition of the immense territory of Louisiana,
few of them were eminently important or suc-
cessful, and some of them entirely failed. Let it
not be supposed that in saying this I am deioga-
tmg from the reputation of that illustrious man.
Visionary, scheming men, and ambitious and self-
ish politicians, with mistaken and narrow views
of the public interest, may become projectors of
splendid schemes, or the authors of novel and
dangerous measures; but it requires a higher order
of intellect, sounder judgment, and more practical
and statesmanlike views, to perceive the danger
and tendency of such schemes and measures m
their bearing on the national interests or the polit-
ical rights of the States and the people; and great
sagacity, wisdom, and fiimness, to arrest their
operation, and provide an effectual remedy for
evils springing from erroneous legislation or mis-
taken policy It was m the sagacity, wisdom,
and firmness displayed by Mr Jefferson in arrest-
ing the tendencies to consolidation and other errors
of the preceding Administration, that has given to
his own a large share of its celebrity.
And in this respect we also find the greatest
merit in the administration of President Jackson.
He too, sir, anested the anti-Republican tenden-
cies of the pol cy of the preceding Administration.
He overthrew the American system, falsely so
called, which hada more direct and irresistible
tendency to consolidation than any or all other
measures since the establishment of this Govern-
ment What was it but a system of high tax-
ation, and enlarged,lfnot unconstitutional expend-
ltuie' Had not this policy been anested, it
would have fixed upon the country, for all time to
come, a system of high taxation, which would have
gone on increasing fiom year to year—which
would grow with its growth, and strengthen with
its strength, until the people of this country, like
those of Engljnd, would have been borne down
by an intolerable weight of taxation.—until indus-
try was oppressed and robbed of half its earnings.
Mr N. said he would notice one other measure
of the late Administration, which, however it might
be regarded by the Senator from Massachusetts,
was, in his judgment, eminently important and
beneficial to the people of the whole Union, and
to none more than those of the eastern States.
He alluded to the veto of the bill for renewing the
charter of the late Bank of the United States, and
the firm and determined resistance of the audacious
efforts of that powerful institution to coerce the
people into a compliance with its selfish purposes.
¡sir, this was the great measure of that Adminis-
tration. By an incautious course of legislation,
both State and Federal, the moneyed power of the
country, sufficiently dangerous under any circum-
stances, had become consolidated, strengthened,
and rendered a thousand times more formidable
by legislative grants and monopolies. Whilst this
papei-money system was dally extending, and
connecting itself with all the great interests of the
country, there seemed to be a strange insensibility
on the part of the people to the danger and the
magnitude of the evil Some alarming crisis or
bold measure was necessary to arouse theiratten-
tion. Under these circumstances, and at a fearful
risk to himself—at the hazard of his reelection—
President Jackson "assumed the responsibility,"
thiew himself into the deadly breach, and arrest-
ed the onward course of this fearful monopoly and
consolidation of the associated moneyed power.
This was an act which no other man would have
performed; a fearful responsibility which no
other Chief Magistrate would have assumed.
Nothing short of that indomitable mind, that in-
vincible honesty and firmness, and that courage
and determination in the support of what he be-
lieved to be the true interest of the country, which
characterized the late Piesident, could have been
