1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
íáí
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Bonds of United States Bank—Mr. Wright.
Sen.
ATE*
power, and the power of the giant institution
over which he presided, from one to three months
before the period of which he speaks?—before
that " way" was opened which enabled the State
national bank to come in, by a forbearance of its
debts and an accommodating compromise as to
the manner of their payment.
Sir, I am ready to relieve you from this course
of remark, and to dismissfrom my consideration
such testimony, coming from such a source.
I am also most happy, Mr. President, to be
able to assure you that 1 will very soon relieve
the Senate from a continuance of any remarks
upon this subject. One or two brief topics re-
main to be considered, and I have done, at least
for the present.
In the course of the debate -which the subjects
under consideration have excited, my peculiar
personal attention has been called to the lan-
guage used in the law authorizing the sale of the
bonds of this bank. That language is, that the
bonds shall be sold for " money in hand," and
I believe 1 was the draughtsman of that law. I
have, upon a previous occasion, and when thus
called upon, stated to the Senate my best recol-
lections as to my intention in the use of the terms
quoted. I had not then made a recent examina-
tion of the law, and I spoke from memory whol-
ly. I now find no cause to change what I then
said, that it was my intention the bonds should be
sold for cash, if sold at all, but I find that the dis-
position of that " cash," intended by the com-
mittee, was fully explained on the face of the
bill, and that I am now only called upon to read
to the Senate the second section of that law, as
it was reported and passed, to make this point
perfectly intelligible to all who hear me. That
section is in these words:
" And be it further enacted, That all money received
upon the sale of the said bonds shall be immediately paid
into the Treasuiy of the United states, or placed to the
credit of the Treasurer thereof, in some proper depository,
in the same manner that other moneys, received from dues
to the Government, are, by law, directed to be paid into
tile Treasury.'*
It will be recollected that but one bond was
sold, and, in reference to that, how was the money
paid? I have already read to the Senate, from the
documents appended to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, the certificate of the bank, show-
ing that the proceeds of this bond were placed in
that institution, " in special deposit," to thecredit
of the Treasurer of the United States. Was that
bank, then, a " proper depository " in a legal
sense, and within the meaning of the law above
quoted? We have seen that there were no general
deposit banks under the law of 1836, or banks
which could be selected under that law, to answer
the purposes of the Treasury. We have also seen
that neither the law nor the practice of the Treas-
ury Department authorized the Secretary to trans-
fer money to the hands of individual officers of
the Government for the mere purpose of safe-
keeping. Hence the Secretary has been compelled
to select banks as special depositories, without
reference to the deposit law, in cases where money
comes into the Treasury, as in the case under con-
sideration, not in the ordinary course of collec-
tion, but without passing through the hands of
an authorized collecting officer. The authority
of the Secretary to select and use these banks for
these purposes, is the same which authorized the
use of banks by the Treasury Department from
the commencement of the Government, under the
Constitution, and the organization of such De-
partment, up to the charter of the late Bank of the
United States in 1816, and from the removal of
the public deposits from that bank in 1833, until
the passage of the deposit law in 1836. In his
selections, under this authority, there are no re-
strictions of law upon the officer; and if, there-
fore, depositories so selected are, in a legal sense,
" proper depositories," then I am unable to dis-
cover why this bank was not as proper a depos-
itory of the proceeds of those bonds, within the
meaningof the second section of the law for their
sale, above quoted, as any other bank which the
Secretary could have selected would have been.
Some objections have been made that the Sec-
retary of (he Treasury has, in his annual report,
coniouiided, by the use of language, the character
of the deposits made in the various banks, on
public account, and rendered it difficult to tell in
what condition the public money is, or how it is,
in fact, kept. I have taken some pains to inform
myself upon these points, and the inferences
which I had drawn from the reading of the annual
report, have been confirmed by the explanations
of the Secretary. The terms "general deposit"
are used by him in reference to those moneys de-
posited in banks selected under the deposit law of
1836. The terms " special deposit" are mostly
used in their technical sense, as a deposit of the
specific thing, the identical money, or currency,
delivered to the bank for safe-keeping; and the
terms " deposit to the special credit of the Treas-
urer," are used to denote such deposits as are
neither "general" nor "special," within the
technical meaning of the other terms, but as are
made in banks selected by the Secretary, under
his general powers, before referred to, and are
placed there subject to the drafts of the Treasurer,
with a notice, and distinct understandings that
they are to be drawn for at an early day, and
are not, therefore, to be used by the institution
holding them for the general purposes of banking.
The remarks of the Secretary upon these points,
in the report under consideration, give substan-
tially these explanations.    They are as follows:
"The arrangements made with the banks that hold special
deposits, or deposits to the special credit of the Treasurer,
have been regarded as temporary in their nature or charac-
ter, and have, in most cases, therefore, been informal. It
having been expected that Congress would, atan early day,
adopt some general system, that could be carried into prac-
tieat effect, on the subject of keeping the public money,
and comparatively few collections havmgbeen made, except
in Treasury notes and Treasury drafts, since the suspension
of specie payments, tilt within the last three months, tiie
Department has deemed it most respectful to Congress to
ab&tam from adopting any uniform and permanent arrange-
ment on the subject ofdeposits in banks notseiected under
the general deposit act, but to use them, for the present at
least, only as necessity should require.1'
And again:
" In cases of deposits in bank, made specially, the money
has, m some instances, been placed m specie, in boxes,
iastcned up, and not to be withdrawn by the receiver or
others without the draft of the Treasurer on him, payable
at the bank where the special deposit was made. In other
cases, it has been placed m specie, or bills of specie-paying
banks, to the credit of the Treasurer, sometimes as in
* special deposit,' and sometimes as <m deposit to his spe-
cial credit,' and allowing the bank to have entire charge of
it afterwards."
From this language of the Secretary, as well
as from the facts in the case of the bonds, it is
inferrable that deposits, in their inception special,
in the bank sense of that term, have been subse-
quently changed in their character, by making
such deposits the basis of drafts by the Treasu-
rer, which were paid by the bank on presentment
as drafts upon general deposits are usually paid.
Indeed, the Secretary tells us in his annual report
that " this system of special deposits, or of de-
posits to the credit of the Treasurer, has, from
convenience, and indeed almost from necessity,
not generally corresponded with the usual forms
of special deposits."
It is quite possible that the Secretary of the
Treasury has not, upon all occasions, in refer-
ence to these matters, used the language techni-
cally appropriate to the occasion; and it is equally
possible that he may have committed errors of
judgment in the multiplicity of his arduous and
most perplexing duties, but when the trying pe-
riod through which the country has passed under
his administration of the Treasury Department
shall be remembered and appreciated, I desire to
be no more confident of anything than I am of the
fact that he will have no cause to complain of the
verdict which an intelligent and patriotic and
grateful people will render upon his public ser-
vices. None of us here, Mr. President, can have
failed to see that it is much easier to find fault
than so to act, in a responsible public trust, as
not to deserve censure, much more so as not to
receive it, whether deserved or not. It now
seems to be fashionable to complain of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but we should be willing to
do justice even to a political adversary; and none
will, none can, deny that Mr. Woodbury has
managed the finances of the country through one
of the most difficult periods in our national exist-
ence, with a degree of success before altogether
unknown under similar embarrassments. Sir,
we have had similar embarrassments before, and
with what result? We had a suspension of spe-
cie payments by the banks in 1814, not as gen-
eral as that of 1837, and when and how were
specie payments restored? After a continuance
of three years, by the aid of a national bank.
When and how have these payments now been
restored ? After a continuance of one single year,
and principally, as I verily believe, by a sound
and firm administration of the national finances;
by a rigid and unyielding adherence, in all na-
tional receipts and payments, to that standard of
value erected by our glorious Constitution, and
which, if not scrupulously observed by the Gov-
ernment in times of pecuniary trouble, cannot
be continued as a standard of value for the
country.
I know, Mr. President, there have been many'
patriotic and good men who have sincerely be-
lieved, during the late derangements in our cur-
rency, that specie payments could never be re-
sumed by the State banking institutions, and the
currency reestablished at the proper constitutional
standard, without the aid of another national
bank. 1 have been one of those who have uni-
formly believed that, if the operations of the na-
tional Treasury were not suffered to be brought
down by the general depreciation, but were kept
up to the standard of gold and silver, the whole cir-
culating medium would speedily be raised tothat
level; while I have as firmly believed, if that
standard for the public Treasury was surren-
dered, there would be an end of anything like a
fixed and permanent standard of value, until finan-
cial embarrassment, commercial suffering, and
universal derangement in every department of
business, should drive the whole people to calliti
the aid of some artificial power to assist in erect-
ing it. The soundness of the former opinion is
now demonstrated. The standard of currency for
the Treasury has been preserved at the constitu-
tional elevation through the whole of our late
troubles; and the consequence has been that, with-
out any other aid, a universal resumption of
specie payments has taken place within little more
than one year, and business is reviving, at least
as rapidly as can consist with firm and enduring
health. For all these great and good results, as
well as for the great success with which the Treas-
ury has been managed and its wants supplied,
during these severe embarrassments, I speak the
solemn convictions of my judgment when I say
that no man in the country deserves more credit
than the present Secretary of the Treasury; and
when the political prejudices and party conflicts
of the day shall have passed away, I verily be-
lieve that history will accord to that faithful and
laborious officer even greater praise than I attempt
to bestow upon him.
Mr. Wright having concluded, Mr. Rives re-
plied at length; after which,
Mr. WPJGHT said: Before I proceed to notice
the arguments of the honorable Senator, you must
permit me, Mr. President, to make a single allu-
sion to his opening observations, and it is the only
remark of its character which I intend to make in
the course of my brief reply. I heard with un-
feigned pleasure the declaration of the Senator,
that it would give him sincere gratification if the
conduct of the Executive officers, in the transac-
tions alluded to, could be fully justified. Butfor
that remark I should have been constrained, from
the matter and manner of the argument, to sup-
pose that the honorable gentleman entertained a
real desire to convict them of impropriety of in-
tention and action. His declaration, however,
deserves full credit, and such are not his feelings.
He complains that I have not answered his ar-
guments, or met the issues tendered by him upon
former occasions. I supposed I had said all which
I could usefully say upon the whole matter, but
I will now reply to some of his positions of to-day,
even at the risk of repeating, substantially, what
I have already said; and I take this occasion to
promise the Senate, after its extended indulgence
to me already, I will not be tedious in the per-
formance of this undertaking.
The gentleman's first and principal point is,
that the sale of the bond of 1839 to the bank was
illegal, because it was practically sold upon cred-
it, when the law authorizing the sale required, in
express terms, that it should be made for" money
in hand."
To this I have simply to reply (hat we have
seen what were the terms and conditions of the
sale, and that one of them was the payment of the
whole purchase-money on the 1st day of August,
by placing tiie amount in special deposit in the
bank to the credit of the Treasurer of the United
States. We have also seen among the documents,
