1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1Í3
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Swartwout Defalcation—Mr. Bynum.
Ho. .«# ItBPSi
With me, sir, lie is. The honorable gentleman'
has made repeated appeals to me upon this point,
as chairman of the Committee on Finance of this
body, and I cheerfully admit that the vigilance
of Ins researches, and the minuteness of his in-
quiries may have shown him much better quali-
fied for the head of that committee than myself;
but I candidly tell him and the Senate, that in
the discharge of my duties in the position I hold,
the statements of the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment, as to the condition of the Treasury,
have been authority to me, so far as facts and
figures are concerned. Until the facts and figures,
therefore, coming from that quarter, shall be
shown to be erroneous, 1 recognize no right to
call upon me to sustain their accuracy.
The Senator further says the issues of Treas-
ury notes were not made by the Secretary in the
most advantageous manner, that a rate of interest
might have been given to them which would have
enabled the Department to command specie for
them in the market, and would have induced cap-
italists to hold them as investments until they
became redeemable by the law, and, therefore,
ceased to bear interest; and he contends that the
Secretary ought not, therefore, to be permitted to
urge his apprehension that the new Treasury
notes would come in for redemption, in the way
of payments upon the public dues, as causing a
necessity for the sale of this bond. It is not for
me to contend that the Secretary of the Treasury
is all-wise as a financier, or that the issue of these
Treasury notes in some other form and manner
might not have afforded to the Treasury greater
temporary relief. It is enough for my purpose,
that the Secretary acted in good faith and accord-
ing to his best judgment, and issued the notes in
the manner which he believed best calculated to
afford to the Treasury and tothe country the re-
lief intended by the law; that they were issued,
were out, and were returning upon the Treasury
for redemption, in the shape of payments of the
revenue, at the time the law passed authorizing
the sale of these bonds. The necessity from this
quarter did, therefore, in fact exist, and the ex-
perience of the Department, by the payment by
the bank of the first bond, paid in 1837, almost
■wholly in Treasury drafts and other like Govern-
ment liabilities, enabled the Secretary to judge
with certainty of the extent of the necessity grow-
ing out of this consideration. Had he then rested
quietly until these bonds reached maturity de-
pending upon their proceeds for money to meet
the public disbursements, and then met payments
in unavailable Treasury notes, notes which could
not be reissued for any purpose, what would
have been thought and said of his financial skill
or official faithfulness? Or, if he had sat down
and mourned over the fact that the notes had not
been originally issued in some different manner,
would thathavesupplied his exhausted Treasury ?
A further complaint of the honorable Sena-
tor is, that the proceeds of the draft upon the
Pennsylvania bank for $300,000, transmitted by
the Bank of Kentucky, in part payment of its
debt to the Government, were permitted to re-
main on deposit in the former institution, until
they were required for disbursement; and he
asks, with great emphasis, why was not this sum
transferred to some oiher depository? Why not
to the Bank of America, at New York? Why
not to any place other than this bank, to which
the Secretary and his political friends had been
so hostile? I am not aware, Mr. President, that
I can say anything which I have not already said
upon this subject. I have already shown that
this money was as valuable to the Treasury, as
convenient for its use, and as safe, where it was
left, as it could have been made in any other de-
pository; and, in the face of these facts, if it were
perfectly respectful, I would answer the gentle-
man's queries by asking him, why should the
Secretary have transferred this money, until re-
quired for disbursement > For what public inter-
est or object? Had he transferred it, was there
any possible reason he could have assigned for
the act other than his own hostility and that of
his political party to this bank ? And would the
Senator from Virginia have advised the Secre-
tary to put.hiraself upon such a defense, for such
an act, either before this body or the country?
I am here compelled, Mr. President, to make
a remark in self-explanation and justification, and
I am sorry to find that, in this debate especially,
the most precise and clear definitions are rendered
constantly necessary. The gentleman says in
my former remarks I termed this Pennsylvania
bank " a proper depository," and he repeats the
phrase with an evident design to carry the impli-
cation that its use by me was the manifestation
of a change of feeling on my part towards the in-
stitution. Sir, the gentleman could not have failed
to notice that 1 was speaking of the second sec-
tion of the law authorizing the sale of these bonds,
in which the terms" proper depository "are used;
that I was examining the legal power and right
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the present
state of the law in relation to the public deposits,
to select this institution as a depository for the
proceeds of these bonds, that I came to the con-
clusion that the Secretary possessed the legal
power and right to make this selection, as much
as that of any other banking institution not a
general deposit bank under the deposit law of
1836; and that this bank, therefore, in a legal
sense, within the powers of the Secretary and the
meaning of the second section of the act for the
sale of the bonds, was, when so selected, " as
proper a depository for that especial purpose as
any other which could have been so selected."
These were my words, or their substance, and I
used the phrase, which the Senator has so fre-
quently repeated, in no other sense or connection.
If he was not before aware of my meaning, in the
use of these terms, I now offer him this explana-
tion and definition of it.
A further objection brought by the honorable
gentleman against the Secretary of the Treasury
is, that the public interests were disregarded by
depositing this fi300,000 in this bank; inasmuch
as, had the deposit been made in ageneral deposit
bank, under the deposit law of 1836, of suitable
capital, an interest might have been obtained upon
the deposit for the time it remained in bank. If
this objection, Mr. President, is to be considered
as developing the policy of the deposit law of
1836, I am bound to say that it will make that
measure more objectionable to me than it has ever
before been, unfavorably as I have ever viewed
it. What is the provision of that law referred to?
That the bank shall pay an interest at the rate of
two per centum per annum upon all money re-
maining on deposit with it, for one whole quar-
ter of the year, over and above an amount equal
to the one fourth part of the capital of the bank
actually paid in. Now, sir, to have placed this
$300,000 upon this investment of two per cent, a
bank of the very smallest capital must have been
selected, so that the largest possible excess might
have existed, upon which interest would be paya-
ble, while that part of the deposit which equaled
one fourth of the capital of the bank, actually paid
in, must have been suffered to remain three full
months to entitle the Treasury to a recurring in-
terest of two per cent, upon the average excess.
I have ever thought, sir, that to make a bank pay
interest upon public deposits was the most direct
mode to stimulate those institutions to use the
public money for banking purposes; and, there-
fore, the worst possible policy which any Gov-
ernment, State or national, could possibly adopt;
but if, in addition to this insurmountable objec-
tion, the consideration of capital paid in, as a se-
curity for the deposit, is to be abandoned, and
the Secretary of the Treasury is to be required to
select the banks of the smallest real capital, that
the largest amount of the public money upon de-
posit may be drawing interest, the tendency of
the system of State bank deposits, as adopted and
established by the deposit law of 1836, is infi-
nitely worse than I have heretofore considered it
to be. And if the Secretary of the Treasury is
to receive public censure, here or elsewhere, for
not acting upon this dangerous principle, I must
stand closely by him and share in the condem-
nation.
The Senator has considered it to be his duty to
make very especial and marked reference to the
letter of Atr. Biddle to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, written under date of the 13th of August,
1838, to be found among the documents, at pages
36 and 37 of the report of the Secretary, marked
F 7, and infers from it that some correspondence
between the Secretary of War and the bank, not
communicated to Congress, must have taken
place, in reference to the arrangement for paying
the bank bonds in disbursements for the War De-
partment. The honorable gentleman has called-
upon me, in my seat here, to ans-wer to any knowl-
edge I may possess as to such a correspondence,
and I frankly stated to him and the Senate, that
I neither know anything of it, nor do I find the
least reason, from this, or any of the documents,
to suppose that any such correspondence ever took
place. If he, and the Senate, will have the good-
ness to look to the letter from the Secretary of
War to Major Cooper, the then acting Secretary,
written from the Virginia Springs,and to be found
with the documents appended to the President? 
message, in answer to the last call of the Senator,
it will be seen that all the arrangement upon this
subject which the bank has claimed, or which
evensuspicion has alleged to have been attempted,
is there fully avowed by the honorable Secretary,
and its prompt and honorable fulfillment is re-
spectfully urged upon the Treasury officers. I
cannot, therefore, possibly see what motive is left
for concealment, or why any correspondence of
a private character should be supposed to have
been wrongfully withheld, in relation to an arr
rangement completed, avowed, and carried into
full execution.
The gentleman seems further to apprehend that
I, and those with whom I act here, have changed
our views and feelings in relation to the dangers
of a national bank, and the dangerous character
of a State institution so powerful as that of which
we speak. Mr. President, he mistakes us utterly.
We have experienced no change of feeling or
opinion upon either of these points. I say willing-
ly and cheerfully that I listened to some of the
remarks of the honorable gentleman, in relation
to the danger of institutions of either character,
with unmixed delight. I rejoiced to hear him
refer to the former expressions of opinion of the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
upon these subjects, and to declare his increasing
convictions in their justice and truth. Let him
continue to be governed by these opinions and
feelings, in reference to these matters, and he need
not make himself more sure of anything, in the
whole course of his life, than he may now be of
the fact that I, and those who think and act with
me here, will be found with him, side by side and
shoulder to shoulder, rendering him our feeble
aid and support in any war in which he may be
engaged in the prosecution of such principles.
I have but a single other remark, Mr. Presi-
dent. The Senator has made repeated allusion
to the time I have taken to prepare for the debate
of this day. Sir, I pretend to no extraordinary
powers of intuition. I require preparation toadr
dress this body, and my great fault is that I do
not sufficiently prepare for so responsible a duty.
Yet I must be permitted to think that such re-
marks, coming from that gentleman, should not
have been made without qualification. He may
not have known that the deep,interest of a large
number of the members of the Senate, in a measure
depending before the body, (the land graduation
bill,) at the time when this debate was introduced
by himself, induced me and others to consent to
postpone the further consideration of this matter
until that measure could be definitively disposed
of; but such was the fact. The Senator did know,
however, upon whose request the postponement,
for the last week, had taken place,and I thought
I had a right to expect that he would not have
made remarks calculated to charge that delay
upon me.
SWARTWOUT DEFALCATION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BYNUM,
OP NORTH  CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
Januanj 19, 1839,
On the motion of Mr. Wagcn-kp. to be excused from serv-
ing on the Investigating Committee to examine into the
Dedication of ¡Samuel Swartwout.
Mr. BYNUM said:
Mr. Speaker: I came to the House this morn-
ing with little intention of troubling it with any
remarks of mine upon the subject under consid-
eration, and but for its extraordinary character,
and the extraordinary manner in which this de-
bate has been carried on,and the singularity and
