1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tan
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Swartwout Defalcation—Mr. Bynum.
Ho. of Reps.
inate calumny and abuse against almost every
high officer in your Government, whether placed
in office by the people themselves, or by the ex-
ecutive department, who himself is a mere ser-
vant of the people, and whose greatest crime it
is, with some, to have been the object of the
people's choice?
Mr. PRENTISS, of Mississippi, asked if the
gentleman had alluded to him, or to what he bad
said on a former occasion in relation to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. BYNUM. I do allude to what the gen-
tleman from Mississippi said on a former occa-
sion, as I then wrote it down and understood it,
and have it now before me.
Mr. PRENTISS. Then, sir, I wish to ex-
plain.
Mr. BYNUM. Certainly, sir; for I should be
exceedingly sorry to do any act of injustice to
that gentleman, or any other on this floor.
Mr. PRENTISS was understood to say that
he had said, in his previous remarks, that the
Secretary of the Treasury was the particeps crim-
ina of a hundred defalcations, as it was shown
in his report to Congress; that he had particularly
examined the report, and had found in it that
number of defalcations, or more, but that he knew
them not, of his own knowledge, in any other way;
that was the evidence on which he relied, and
was prepared to show, if necessary.
Mr. BYNUM. I am exceedingly glad to hear
the gentleman say that he knows nothing against
the Secretary of the Treasury, of his own knowl-
edge, upon which to found those high charges of
corruption and profligacy.
Mr. PRENTISS. No, sir, I did not say that;
I know of one defalcation in Mississippi.
Mr. BYNUM. Does the gentleman know, of
his own knowledge, that the Secretary of the
Treasury was a particeps crimhiis of that defalca-
tion, or that he connived at it in any shape or
form whatever?
Mr. PRENTISS. He knew of the defalca-
tion.
Mr. BYNUM. And, sir, he reported those
defalcations, as he was bound todo; and further
the law allowed him no right to go. If such are
the grounds on which you are to convict the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of impeachable offenses of
corruption, if he be not convicted already in the
miffds of certain gentlemen, I doubt the necessity
of an investigation; but it is now due to the Sec-
retary, the party, and the country, that it should
be had and carried on in good faith. The report
of the Secretary we have all read, and are liable
to place on it very different constructions from
those of the honorable gentleman from Missis-
sippi. But that he (the Secretary) should be
guilty, or be aparticeps criminis of an offense, be-
cause it was committed under his administration
of that Department, is as novel as it is extraor-
dinary. Just as well, Mr. Speaker, might they
attempt to hold me or you, sir, guilty of the
many little petit larcenies which are committed by
our domestics and servants at home in our ab-
sence to this House. The reason and justice in
the one case is equally the same in the other, and
the attempt to hold one responsible for the guilt
in such cases would be frowned down as most
insulting to the plainest understanding in the
community.
The moral sense of the American people has
not yet arrived at that pitch of rotundity, as ruth-
lessly to sacrifice a public scrvantupon the heated
charges of aspiring politicians, or upon the highly
■wrought declamation of mere party malice. They
call for the evidence of some overt act, committed
directly or indirectly by the person charged, else
humanity will be allowed to plead his cause, and
justice demand forthwith his acquittal. Gentlemen
should beware how they persecute a man and pro-
nounce him guilty, before he is put upon his trial
and the evidence is heard in his behalf. The
American people are neither tyrannical, cruel,
nor oppressive in their nature, and they have sel-
dom held those guiltless who have attempted to
play off upon them such a part, and establish for
them such a character; so abhorrent and revolting
to all the better feelings of their native disposi- '
tions. No, sir, no, sir; I thank my God that I
yet live in a country where humanity and justice
hare not been entirely stifled and strangled by the
ferocious spirit of an unfeeling savage party ma-
lignity. I trust I yet live among my countrymen
who have too high a regard for liberty and justice
to witness the untarnished reputation of one man
in society, however humble, rent and mangled
for the mere gratification of party vengeance. If
we are to have an investigation, anda consequent
trial of any of our public officers, let us engage
in it with clean hands and pure consciences, and
let us not condemn before we convict. Such a
course might be tolerated in the court of some
Eastern despot, but never, never, I hope, in free
and happy America.
While I hope ever to be the last, in or out of
this House, to throw a shield around any public
officer to screen him from the just demands of
public justice, I will never consent to witness, in
the heat of party violence, an act that would dis-
grace and degrade the age of a Nero or Caligula.
But, sir, perhaps all this is right; and we should
thank Heaven that it is so; that these develop-
ments have given us a glimpse of the true char-
acter of what may be the reign of that party,
should they, by trick or stratagem, ever gain the
ascendency in this country. I am, sir, for an in-
vestigation, a bona fide investigation, to be con-
ducted with impartiality and in good faith to all
parties; and none other can or should be received
as worthy of this House, by the just, intelligent
freemen of this country.
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Garland]
tells us that we are determined to defeat this in-
vestigation. Who are opposed to it? Can the gen-
tleman name the first man ? No, sir; I dare him
to do it. None have manifested the least disposi-
tion here to thwart or oppose it. No member of
the Republican or Democratic party would do it.
If there be one to be found in this House opposed
to the investigation, to be carried on in good faith,
he is a traitor to his party; nay more, he is a
traitor to the country. What have they to expect
from such a course but the realization of that
weakness and want of political foresight that the
puffed-up and arrogated wisdom of their Whig
opponents have' labored so much and so long to
convict them of in vain ?—an attempt that has
been carried on against the Republican party ever
since the first dawningof our Revolution. It was
their ignorance which spoke into existence this
nation of freemen, with a republican form of Gov-
ernment; and it has been by such ignorance that
their freedom and happiness have ever since been
protected and cherished, and their country led on
to a degree of prosperity and greatness unexam-
pled in the history of the civilized world. Under
such ignorance, then, who would not prefer to
live, and bear all the reproaches and aspersions
of the arrogated pseudo wisdom of the world ?
Sir, the gentleman tells us that they have se-
lected their men, and their strongest men, too.
" There's the rub." They have their strongest
men, a majority of them, too, already placed on
that committee. And what do we ask? Simply
—although representing the largest number in this
House, and almost two thirds of the people out
of it—to allow us to place on that committee of
nine, three of our strongest men. We have only
asked for three to be placed on that committee to
represent the majority of this House, the majority
of the people of the country, the great Demo-
cratic party of the nation, and this, sir, is denied;
and because we persist in so humble a request,
we are told that the Democrats are opposed to the
investigation ! Most modest, indeed ! Give us
a fair committee—or foul, as it is already com-
posed—give us but three of our strongest men,
and we will go into the investigation now, to-
morrow, the next day, or when and where you
please. Give us but three, and we will go with
you into every recess, and dark hole, and black
cavern of this great conservative leader, Samuel
Swartwout; and with you we will endeavor to fer-
ret out, in good faith, this foul defalcation, which
smells to the very heavens. But wc are unwilling
to trust the character of this Administration, or
the untarnished reputation of any distinguished
individual connected with it, in the hands of a
committee, with all their prepossessions and pre-
commitals against them, without having honest
men of our own party, in whose competence, tal-
ents, and firmness we have the greatest confi-
dence.   And is this the unreasonable, iniquitous
conduct that the Democratic party is guilty of,
for which they are to be denounced upon thi3
floor ? This recent victory, gained by the aid of
the secret ballot and the holy alliance, surely has
not already placed gentlemen beside themselves,
and, in their transport of joy, made them forget-
ful of all that is right, equitable, or just. I pray
them to have a little moderation in the fiftt frui-
tion of this ominous alliance, if they would per-
petuate , but for a short time, the durability of the
ecstacy of its consummation.
Again: the honorable gentleman from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Garland,] with all his accustomed lib-
erality and modesty, has charged us with a wish
to place on this committee a set of jack-legged,
pettifogging lawyers. Wonderful! Now, Mr.
Speaker, this is perfectly in keeping with the
arrogance of the " decency party," and shows
what has ever been their political curse, their
bane.forwhich they have neverbeen able to find
an antidote, no matter under what party name
they have appeared. They have bad memories,
and their own acts are continually rising up in
judgment against them. To abuse in others what
they themselves practice, is the disease of that
party, and shows how greatly wanting they are
in that becoming discretion that they so vehe-
mently denounce the want of in all others. But
to the charge: we want jack-legged lawyers and
pettifoggers placed on that committee. Now, sir,
will the goodness and mildness and liberality of
the honorable gentleman permit me to ask what,
are the professions of those six gentlemen out of
the nine, that the Whig party has already placed
on that committee? For information's sake, I
will read the names of those gentlemen already
on the committee to the honorable gentleman and
to the House.
Here, sir, are the names of Mr. Harlan of
Kentucky, Mr. Dawson of Georgia, Mr. Curtis
of New York, Mr. Wise of Virginia, Mr. Smith
of Maine, and Mr. Hopkins of Virginia. These
gentlemen have already been selected by the
" secret ballot," and placed by the honorable
gentleman's party on that committee. After this
charge made by him, will the gentleman con-
descend to tell us and the country how many of
this number, of the six members already placed
on - that committee by him—him, sir, and his
party—are lawyers? whether pettifoggers or jack-
legged? for after this bold charge, the country
may feel some curiosity to know. Sir, the gen-
tleman is silent. I shall, then, make bold to do
it for him. Here are their names"; and I pro-
nounce every individual on that committee, yet
selected by that fair-play, justice-loving party, to
be a lawyer; there is not a single member of them
who is not now, or has not been, a practicing
attorney. O consistency ! " what a priceless
jewel thou art!"
But, sir, they are all Whigs and Conservatives,
and perhaps the gentleman means that that party
contains no jack-legged pettifogging lawyers. They
are all distinguished gentlemen, that " know each
other by instinct." There are no lawyers of the
Republican party, who are not jack-legged petti-
foggers, now certainly in this House. This, sir,
is carrying their aristocratic, Federal-Whiggish
arrogance and presumption a little further than I
have ever known before, and cannot, surely, fail
to awaken the disgust of the great body of the
American people with the principles and designs
of a party, so arrogant, presuming, and self-con-
sequential. Let such doctrines and principles
endure, and I here pronounce it, in my place, that
the days of our old republicanism, simplicity, and
equality, are numbered. Sir, this hauteur and
arrogance are contrary to the very genius of re-
publican simplicity and equality, and repugnant
and abhorrent to the whole letter and spirit of
this free republican form of government, to estab-
lish which the blood of our forefathers flowed like
so much water.
I will not investigate here the claims to distinc-
tion to which his Whi^gish and Federal law-
yers, on the committee are entitled. I have never
heard of their practicing beyond the county courts
in the districts in which they live. They may,
however, be by far more notorious and distin-
guished. There is a trite maxim that crosses my
mind, and may not be inapplicable to the present
occasion.    I have often heard it said-you should
