130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Collection and Disbursement of the Revenue—Mr. Himter.
Ho. of Reps.
report, was less than one and a half per cent —a
sum which even this moderate surplus would
cover many times over. The extension of the
merchants' bonds, m the late general suspension
of specie payments, has not been considered as
affording any exception to this rule. It may be
doubted whether that measure did not proceed as
much from liberality as necessity, an¿ if it was
compelled by necessity, that it originated not so
much from the inability of the meichants to pay
their debts, as from their inability to meet a sudden
demand for a large amount oí specie, in which
alone the debts to Government could be paid by
the existing laws. Under the proposed system
they never could be at a loss for the medium in
which to pay their dues to Government. The
drafts drawn in favor of public creditors would be
always available for this purpose The first and
second sections of this bill would, therefore, pro-
vide (as is believed) for the payment of public dues
fór customs at quarterly periods, and with suffi-
cient punctuality for the wants of the system
The next end contemplated by these resolutions
is to produce an offset of the liabilities to and from
the Government at quarterly penods To attain
this object, sections have been introduced into this
bill, which provide that the disbursements of the
United States shall be made, as far as practicable,
on four quarterly days, occurring at not more
thin twenty days after those fixed for receipts,
that for money actually due, drafts may be drawn
upon the collectors at the next receipt-day, which
bear an interest within certain limits, and that the
payee or assignee of these diafts shall present
them at the specified time and place, or else forfeit
the interest and the guarantee of the Government
for the ultimate payment of funds placed in the
hands of its agents to discharge the debt due to
him. Recourse is given, however, to the creditor
upon the official bonds of these agent3.
The first inquiry suggested by these provisions
is, how far is it practicable to arrange the disburse-
ments at quarterly periods' The expenses for
tlie foreign service, and some of those in the In-
dian department, could not, perhaps, be diawn
Within this arrangement, but it might easily be
made to comprehend most of the disbursements
upon the army, the navy, the civil list, and so
much of the public works as is executed by con-
tract. These constitute the great mass of public
expenditures, and so far as they could be made by
drafts to the public creditor, the collection and dis-
bursement of the revenue would be accomplished
by the mere exchange of credits These drafts
would satisfy the public faith to its creditors, be-
cause, within the specified limits, the Seuetary
would always impose such an interest as would
render them immediately exchangeable for specie,
and in any event they would be paid in specie, if
held by the creditor, withm a period of not more
than ninety days, and with an interest to com-
pensate him for the delay. But m point of fact,
they would enter into the exchanges of the coun-
try. With the provisions that the bonds are to
be paid m specie if not discharged in these drafts,
together with the penalties upon a failuie to pre-
sent them speedily, as íequued, it would become
the interest of the baiks, the merchants, and the
public creditor, to facilitate them on their intended
destination Diawn, as they must be, at not less
than seventy nor more than ninety days, there
would be ample time to transmit them between
the most distant extremities of the Union, whilst
the provisions before referred to would effectually
exclude them as currency, and confine their uses
to the simple purposes of offset oi exchange It
may, perhaps, be doubted whethei, at first, the
public creditor, fiom a want of knowledge of the
system, might not fail to present the diaft with
piomptness enough for these puiposes of ex
change, and might not incur the penalties for this
failure as much from ignorance as neglect Some
mistake of this kind might be made at first, but
there would be too many interests concerned in
teaching him the true mode of disposing of his
draft to suppose that he would long remain in
ignorance upon the subject. All fears of this sort
might be removed, however, by a short specifica-
tion on the face of the draft of the penalties im-
posed upon a neglect to present it as required by
law.                                 *
This system of exchanges, together with the
provision for leaving the surplus in the hands of
the public debtors, will leave a very small portion
of these bonds to be col'ected in actual money
The paymentof such a sum in specie, as required
by this bill, cannot produce a sensible effect upon
the banks, or give inconvenience to the merchants,
by causing periodical ebbs and flows in their de-
mands foi capital Duung the period between
disbursements and receipts, the easy and insensi-
ble opeiations of exchange will furnish them with
the means of paying far the greater portion of
their bonds by a mere offset of credits, to the mu-
tual convenience of themselves and the Govern-
ment.
There remains to be noticed one other difficulty
in the practical operation ofthis exchange of credit
The diafts disbursed to public creditois, and drawn
in anticipation of the revenue, might exceed in
some ports the proportion of the debts to be paid
at those places But, in such cases it would
always happen, where the disbursements did not
exceed the receipts, that there would be a corre-
sponding deficiency m the diafts drawn upon
other places of receipt. To adapt this stite of
things to the equal pioportiona of the surplus to
be left in the different sections, a provision is in-
troduced, which enables the collector to direct any
excess of these drafts to a disbursing officei,to
be designated by the Secre'ary of the Treasury.
This officer may always be supplied with the
funds to meet these drafts from the offices upon
which too little had been drawn at the previous
day of disbursement. The Department, in all
cases, having at least seventy days' notice of the
drafts which are outstanding, together with a
knowledge of the bonds falling due upon the day
when they are to be paid, will probably find no
difficulty in preserving both the faith of the Gov-
ernment and the policy of this bill
Another object contemplated by these resolu-
tions is, to remove, as far as possible, the danger
of peculation on the part of the public officers
This will certainly be accomplished to a very
great extent under the system now proposed. If
proper regulations were made, so as to inform the
Secretary of the Treasury as to the bonds which
passed into the collectors' hands, they could
scarcely become the subjects of theft, and to the
extent that the disbursements were made in diafts,
there would be absolute safety as to the disburs-
ing officers Nor would there bs much danger as
to the sum collected in money. This amount
would, of necessity, be small, and, passing im-
mediately from the collecting to the disbursing
officer, would not remain in the hands of the last
more than twenty days before every cent would
be demanded by the public creditor. Defaults in
either of these officers would be so quickly de-
tected, that the restraint upon them would be al-
most perfect. The great temptation to default,
arising, generally, out of large sums lying idle for
a long time with those who keep them, would, of
course, be removed by a system which left no idle
money in their hands.
Lastly, it seems to have been designed by these
resolutions to promote a moie systematic admin-
istration of the Treasury Department, under a
new mode of collecting and disbursing the revenue
It is impossible to estimate beforehand the pre-
cise advantages of any increase of system in the
conduct of human affairs. Butthe geneial advan-
tages of order over disorder in the fiscal admin-
istration, cannot well be too highly appreciated.
Perhaps, however, a clearer view of the subject
will be given by a reference to some of the incon-
veniences undei which the Treasury Department
now suffers, and which will be removed by the
system now pioposed
At present the money flows into the collectors'
hands daily, and without regularity as to amount
The Secretary, not always having notice of the
time and amount of receipts until they are in hand,
has, for the most part, to make his arrangements
for removing these funds, not before, but after
they are received. Tne consequence is, that large
sums often he idle to all the purposes of trade and
Government, and serve only, during this time, to
offer temptations for peculation to the public
officers. According to the best information which
your committee can obtain, the average amount
thus lying in the hands of the receiving officers
and other custodiers of the public treasure, inde-
pendently of the amount m the custody of the
disbursing officers, has been about $1,000,000 at
the end of each quarter, for the four years pre-
ceding the 1st ot January, 1838. So much for
the receipts The evils ensuing from the want
of adequate notice, and a systematic arrangement
of the disbursements, aie still more stnkirg. The
Treasury is subject to constant demands, of which
it has no notice as to time or amount The con-
sequence is, that money must be placed with the
disbursing officers long enough beforehand, and
in amounts sufficiently large to cover all probable
demands The average sum thus left idle in the
hands of disbursing officers has been about
$4,000,000 at the end of each quarter. And this,
because there are no adequate provisions to ar-
range these demands, so as to give sufficient
notice of them to the head of the Department,
and to compel their production by the public
creditoisat the proper time Nor is this theonly
inconvenience arising out of the present state of
things The disbursements are made as the de-
mands for them anse The receipts come in
daily as the bonds fall due, and vary not only
fiom day to day, but from month to month.
When the receipts and expenses are nearly equal,
theie is constant danger, as we are informed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, that enough may
not beieceived in some months of the year to
meet the demands upon the Government. For
although the aggregate receipts and disbursements
during the year may correspond, yet this is by
no means the case from month to month. At
present, there are but two modes of meeting the
evil the one, to leave a large surplus on hand to
meet these contingencies; and the other, to give
the Secretary the power to issue Treasury notes
at his discretion. The system now proposed
avoids all of these inconveniences. No balances
need remain in the hands of the receiving or dis-
bursing officers. The Secretary having notice of
the amount and time of receipts, as well as of
theamountand time of disbursements, can always
make his arrangements beforehand to remove the
public money from the collector as soon as ie-
ceived, and to disburse it either in the very act of
receipt, or at not more than twenty days fiom
that time. Speedy accountability will thus be
required from the public officers, and an almost
instant detection will await them in case of default
or fraud Nor will the inconvenience as to in-
equality in the receipts and disbursements ever
arise to anything like its present extent. By
throwing together the receipts and disbursements
for three months in the quarterly settlements,
there can scarcely be a serious inequality between
the two, when their yearly amounts correspond.
Should any such difficulty ever arise, it will read-
ily be corrected by the small surplus left with the
public debtor, for which this bill provides, with-
out loss either to trade or to the Government.
Short settlements, promptness in all concerned in
the fiscal administration, and the means of speedy
detection in cases of default, may all be secured,
as it seems, under the proposed system, with
proper Treasury regulations. The whole admin-
istration of the finances will be brought more
under the view and control of the head of the
Department, and less will be left to the discretion
of subordinate officers. The disbursing officer
will pass the debits to the Treasury books at
least seventy days before they are due; the col-
lector will transmit weekly the entries on the
credit side of the account, and the quarterly bal-
ance sheet of the Department will exhibit, to a
very great extent, the entire process of collection
and disbursement in a mere exchange of credit.
Should these anticipations be realized, it is evident
that there would be more of unity, efficiency, and
responsibility, in the administration of the Treas-
ury Department, than we have had under any
other system. It is true that this system, like
every other, would depend very much for its
success upon its proper execution; and inconve-
niences would certainly arise at its commence-
ment which further experience would probably
rectify
It will doubtless be remarked, that the resolu-
tions referred to this committee do not compra-
