134                                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            [January 11,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Warrant Officers of (he Navy—Mr. Moore.
Ho. or Reps.
period the reductions under this act extends, the
manufacturers have a moral right to expect that
the protection it affords will be continued. I
should, in private life, respect the terms of an ar-
rangement made under the circumstances which
produced this act; and I have no political distinct
from ray private honor. But if gentlemen will set
aside its enactments, they shall have my cordial
good wishes in their enterprise. My constituents,
at least if they are still actuated by their ancient
free spirit, will lose nothing by its repeal. 1 am
ready at all times—ready now—this moment—to
meet the issue such legislation would present. It
cannot be far off; and the sooner great principles
of constitutional liberty are settled, the better for
the people—the better for the oppressor and the
oppressed. "When that great controversy comes,
if I shall still occupy the seat amongst you I have
of late so inadequately filled, I shall not turn
aside to take up the challenge of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I shall seek no gladiatorial
strife. 1 shall touch no knightly shield. I shall
attempt to perform no feats of intellectual warfare
by which I may earn the meed of personal renown
from the fair or brave. No, no. The questions
then arising may be too deep—too vitally affect-
ing the liberties of the people and the existence
of this Union, for us to think of our personal ap-
pearance amidst its fierce agitations. We should
rather endeavor to sink ourselves in the mighty
interests, and still more mighty principles they
may involve—affecting, perhaps, the destiny of
our constituents and their posterity to all time to j
come. My position and participation in that con- j
flict, come when it may, if unfelt, shall not be ¡
unknown. As 1 have ever been, so shall I then j
be, found stiiving, although feebly, against privi-
lege and monopoly—contending for the rights of
the many against the oppression of the few—for
the Constitution as our fathers gave it to us, un-
perverted to the infamous purposes of sectional
aggrandizement, or prostituted to the still more
degrading influeneeof manufacturing and moneyed
corporations. In such a cause the weakest may
be strong—the most fearful, brave. Although
gentlemen affect not to see, they feel and know
that the principles of this great controversy are
implicated in your action on this report.
A little longer, Mr. Speaker, on the subject of
expenditures by the Government, and 1 have
done. The subject has been considered rather
with a view to the immediate objects for which
appropriations are made, than in its bearing on
our free institutions. Permit me to present a few
observations on thetendency of profuse and profli-
gate expenditures to destroy our republican forms
of Government.
The question of expenditures may involve all
other questions. It involves, as I have shown,
the question of executive power and patronage.
It involves the tariff. It involves the great ques-
tion whether this shall be a consolidated ora Fed-
eral Government; and thus may ingulf the Con-
stitution itself. From the origin of this Govern-
ment there have been two great parties—the
Federal and Reoublican parties—struggling for
ascendency in its councils. Their principles have
been fixed, although each, when in possession of
power, has occasionally swerved from their prin-
ciples. The one fear*—the other trusts in the
people. The one consequently seeks to establish
a strong Government, and a weak people—the
other a weak Government, and. a strong people.
The one has been endeavoring to extend the arm
of the Government into every man's pocket, and
every man's fireside. The other, striving to keep
it off, and confining it to the simple purpose of
protection from injustice and violence abroad and
within. Hence the different action of these two
great parties, when faithful to their principles, on
the subject of expenditures. The more expend-
iture and the more debt, the stronger the Govern-
ment and the weaker the people. It is through
the taxing power, the receiving and disbursing of
money, that the liberties of this country can alone
be overthrown. Violence to the person of the
citizen is gone with the feudal times, and will no
longer be attempted or perpetrated by the Gov-
ernment. Our danger lies in enlisting other prin-
ciples than those of patriotism and the love of
liberty in support of the Government.   By prac-
ticing on the hopes and fears, the selfishness and
personal interests of individuals, through the in-
strumentality of the money power, all regard to
the general good may be lost in the prospect of
personal aggrandizement of the Government pres-
ents; and thus there may be gathered around it
all the meaner but not the least powerful prin-
ciples of our nature, in defense of all its measures.
Of course, the interest of the few, thus banded
together, is at the expense of the many. Govern-
ment can only give by taking. If it favors one,
it is by oppressing another; and the very knowl-
edge of this partiality and injustice breeds devotion
to the Government and contempt or hatred to-
towards those whom it oppresses for their emolu-
ment. AH taxation and expenditure is, there-
fore, an evil with those who want as little govern-
ment as possible. All taxation and expenditure is
a blessing to those who want as strong a Govern-
ment as possible. It has been under the influence
of this latter class of politicians that all the efforts
have been made to strengthen this Government
and enlarge the sphere of its operations. The
funded debt, by which enormous profits were
reaped by the speculators and capitalists from
the revolutionary soldier, was established to enlist
them in support of the Government. From the
same source originated the establishment of banks
by this Government, and its alliance with banks.
From the same source ydur system of internal
improvement—your protective tariff—your whole
course of profligate expenditure and unjust tax-
ation. The whole scope of their policy has been,
by bringing the Government to bear on individ-
uals and great sectional interests, to build up
here a great, consolidated Government, by which
the people may be controlled and ruled. It is no
imputation, therefore, on these gentlemen to say
that they are usually found against economy and
retrenchment in expenditures, and are in favor of
debts, banks, tariffs, and any and every expend-
iture ingenuity or avarice can invent. It is their
system—their policy—their faith; and nota single
barrier in the Constitution has been found strong
enough to impede their designs. The ready
weapon of construction cuts through the parch-
ment.
If these politicians have hitherto failed in en-
forcing their views of government on the people
of the United States, they have been far more
euceessful in England, from whence indeed they
have learned their policy. We there see it in full
operation, under the national debt of seven hun-
dred and eighty-seven millions of pounds, accu-
mulated on the country. In its first stages this debt
might have been the accident of misrule; but, to
the younger Put, I think, is due the credit of
building up to its perfection this artificial and stu-
pendous fabric of corruption and dependency, by
which alone the Government of Great Britain is
now maintained. History, it appears to me has
not donejustice to this profoundly sagacious man.
To suppose that he did not see through the falla-
cies of his fundingsystem, which he only designed
to facilitate loans; to suppose that in his conti-
nental expeditions, which all failed; and his sub-
sidies to continental Powers, which all failed of
their object also, he looked only to their operation
abroad, is to conceive him a very weak instead of
a very great man. He was nothing more than a
skillful parliamentary tactician, or a mere orator,
without any of those high attributes of wisdom,
which seemed to constitute the genius of his com-
mand over the minds of other men. Hi3 views
throughout the whole French war, if I do not
mistake his character, were far deeper and wiser
than have been ascribed to him. His chief object
in that contest was, not to conquer France, but to
conquer the people of England. He feared the
people; and the hideous spectacle of popular mis-
rule, which France presented, made it the object
of his life to ward off a similar catastrophe from
England. To accomplish this end.hedeliberately
plunged the country into debt, that he might en-
list the property holders and capitalists of the
country in support of the Crown. Certainly he
had no objection to his military enterprises proving
successful; but that was the secondary object which
guided his policy. Mark with what readiness he
broke the treaty of Amiens and renewed the war
with France.  Why did he borrow the whole cap-
ital of the Bank of England, and thus make it lean
upon the Government ? To strengthen the Crown,
to support the Aristocracy, to prevent the people
of England from reforming or changing their Gov-
erment, was his first great object. And admirably
has he accomplished it; for the dull heads who
followed him were obliged to beat on in the path
he left them. The national debt of England has
been,and will long continue to be, the chief obstacle
to all reforms in her Government; the great bul-
wark of the Crown and the Aristocracy against
popular innovations. If, in spite of its influence,
great reformations have been made, and the peo-
ple have gained a greater influence in the councils
of the country, what now, without it, would have
been the state of this great nation ? A revolution
would long since have swept over her destinies
before the example of popular governments, and
the influence of popular principles abroad in the
world. I express no opinion, whether such a rev-
olution would have been advantageous to the peo-
ple of England; for when revolutions begin, no
one can tell where they will end. I express no
opinion as to the best policy to be pursued in the
present complicated state of the political affairs
of England; but of one thing I feel assured, that
the Glueen of England owes her crown, and the
Aristocracy of England their privileges, to the
profound sagacity of William Pitt.
WARRANT OFFICERS OF THE NAVY.
REMARKS OF HON. ELI MOORE,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Representatives,
January 11, 1839,
On an amendment to the Pursers' bill, attaching
thereto the Warrant Officers' bill.
Mr. MOORE said that it was not his intention
to detain the committee by any lengthy remarks of
his on this subject, for, so manifestly just was the
claim of this class of officers to trie additional
compensation provided for by the amendment, that
an attempt to enforce it by either argument or ex-
hortation, could but be regarded by the committee
as unnecessary and uncalled for. He would beg
leave to remark, however, that this subject was
before the Committee on Naval Affairs at the last
session, when it was fully examined, and that the
committee instructed their chairman to report a
bill, which embraces the substance of this amend-
ment; and that the committee, at the past and pres-
ent session, were unanimously in favor of the
increase of pay herein provided for. For (said he)
it is undeniable that the pay received by the war-
rant officers at present is totally inadequate for
their services, it being but five hundred dollars
per annum when employed on board small vessels
and in navy-yards; and at those stations where
quarters are not provided for the officers, it is no-
torious that they have to pay from one hundred
and fifty to two hundred dollars a year house rent,
which leaves them but the small sum of about
three hundred dollars to support and clothe them-
selves and their families. With permission of the
Chair, said he, I will read a single paragraph of a
letter from one of our oldest and most experienced
naval officers touching this subject, (Commodore
Barron.)
" The importance of efficient warrant officers in
' our Navy has been a matter of deep solicitude
' with me from its commencement to the present
' day. I cannot believe that any man of war ever
' has, or ever can be, in a condition to render the
' services required of her, if the persons who fill
' those stations are inadequate to the performance
' of their duties. They are, in fact and in truth,
' the sole dependence for the mechanical condition
' of the ship for service; they are the mechanics
'and store-keepers, and, of course, accountable
' for the state of preparation in which she may be
' found on any emergency; and, if they are not
' qualified and trustworthy, how can they be de-
' pended upon."
The sentiments expressed (said Mr. M.) in the
extract I have just read, I believe to be in coinci-
dence with those of all the naval commanders in
the United States service.
