1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGR. .¿SIGNAL GLOBE.
135
25th Cong....3e Sess.
Salt Duties—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
SALT  DUTIES, AND   FISHING   BOUNTIES   AND
ALLOWANCES.
SPEECH OF HON. T. H. BENTON,
OF MISSOURI,
In Senate, January 24, 1839.
Mr. BENTON rose to ask the leave for which
he had given notice some days ago, to bring in a
bill for the repeal of the salt tax, and for the aboli-
tion of the fishing bounties and allowances which
were dependent upon that tax.
Availing himself of the pailiamentary pnvilege
which belonged to the occasion, (Mr. IS. said,)
he should take the liberty to give his reasons for
offering to bring in the bill, and would remind the
Senate of what he had said when he gave his
notice, that, this being the short session, and one
half of it already gone, there was no time for pur-
suing mere forms, or practicing courtesies which
led to no results; that he should speak to the
merits of the bill on its presentation, and would
wish to be answered in the same way; and that
he should prefer that the vote on giving the leave
which he íequested, should be the vote which
every Senator would give if the vote was on the
final passage, instead of the introduction of the
bill. He wished the vote on the question of leave
to be the test vote on the merits of the bill.
The bill which he should offer was a copy of
that which had been brought in when Mr. Jeffer-
Eon was President, and which was passed into a
¡aw by the general vote of the Republican party
of that day. The bill he should offer was drawn
to take effect on the 30th day of Apnl next-, for
the object was to enable the country to obtain a
fcupply of salt fiom New Oileans, free of duty, for
ine ensuing fall and winter, so that the great busi-
ness of cuung piovisions might be entered upon
&t that time, without the double curse which now
ofilicts it, of incieased puce and stinted quantity,
arising from the monopoly of domestic salt which
the tax on the foreign article allows to be effected
The fishing bounties and allowances are permitted
to belaid tor the whole year, because they would
be partly earned befoie the penod fixed for the
bill to take effect.
Preliminary to the mam argument (Mr. B said)
there were two subordinate objections, not going
to the merits of the bill, which required a brief
answer. The first of these was, that the Treas-
ury was not now in a condition to dispense with
the pioduct of this tax; and the next, that the tax
was now in a gradual state of i eduction under the
opeution of the compiomise act, as uwas called.
The answer to the fust of these objections was,
that the Tiea^uiy would be little oi nothing af-
fected by the bill, that this was a tax carrying
money out of the Tieasury, as well as bringing
money into it; and that the income and outgoing
from this source would be about even for the years
1839 and 1840, and the outgoing would much ex-
ceed the income for the years 1841 and 1842. The
fishing bounties and allowances were bottomed
upon the salt duties, and dependant upon them;
and these bounties and allowances weie now
taking about $250,000 annually fiom the Treas-
ury, while the tax on which they were bottomej
would only bring m about $300,000 for the next
two years, and much less for the two years
after. The Treasury, therefore, had but little in-
terest in thr- question; it might lose a few thousand
dollars in 1839 and 1840, and gain largely in 1841
and 1842. The second of these objections was
equally susceptible of a satisfactory answer. It
is true that the salt tax is in a course of reduction
under the operation of the compromise act as it
is called; but it is equally true that that act neither
abolishes the tax nor abolishes the fishing bounties
and allowances which are bottomed upon it. It
still leaves an ad valorem, duty of twenty per cent.
upon the salt, and it leaves the whole amount of
the fishing bounties and allowances untouched and
undiminished. The tax of twenty per cent, will
be as onerous on the salt consumer as the old tax
of twenty cents on the bushel; for it is not the
amount of the tax, but the monopolies which it
engenders, that does the mischief. Any tax at all,
no matter how inconsiderable, will throw the whole
foreign salt trade into the hands of regraters—mto
the hands of monopolists in the sea port towns—
who will either advance the tax for the importer,
or go his security, and, m either event, get pos-
session of the whole of the salt, and put up the
price to what they please. To answer any bene-
ficial purpose, the tax must not be reduced, but
abolished t  foto. It must be abolished entirely,
as was done in Mr Jefferson's time, and as has
been done in England. Foreign salt should come
as free as air. It is nothing but ballast in the
ships which bring it, and should be treated as
common ballast It should be sold out of the
ship. It should be handed over fiom the sea ves-
sel to the river vessel—from the ship to the steam-
boat—without the necessity of being landed, ware-
housed, caited, bonded, taxed, or passing through
the hands of those who stand between the importer
I and the country dealer or consumer. One centón
the bushel will be sufficient to throw the imported
salt into the hands of regraters, and make it a
\ monopoly to undergo extortionate prices, and to
I be loaded with all the costs and charges incident
to landing and warehousing, to finding securities
or advancing ready money, and to carting back-
wards and forwaids. the compromise act is
faulty and defective in being a reduction instead of
an abolition, and it is wholly indefensible in per-
mitting the fishing bounties and allowances to con-
tinue mfullafter the foundation of them was nearly
withdrawn—to permit $250,000 to be taken annu-
ally out of the Treasury under the assumption of
refunding a tax, which tax had nearly ceased to
exist.
Having answered these two subordinate objec-
tions, Mr. B went on to say that the salt tax was
a curse and an abomination within itself; that it
was a tax on the beneficence of God, and on the
preseivative principle which saves the animal and
j vegetable kingdom fiom putiescence—that it was
a tax at war with  the first principles of political
1 economy, unjustifiable in any country at any time,
and  paiticulaily unjustifiable in  this  country at
i this time—that it was a tax which ought never to
have been imposed; which, being imposed, ought
I long since to have been suppressed, and the sup-
i piession  of which  was now called for  by  the
afflictions and the sufferings of the country.    At
this instant—at the piesent moment—now while
he was speaking—the whole West was suffering
under the double curse of a stinted supply and a
doubled piicp of salt     Regrateis in the sea-ports,
and  monopolizers in  the interior, had deprived
the country of a supply, and extorted double,
and, in some instances, tieble or quadruple price
for the little that was to be had.    At the Kanawha,
the old game of monopoly, with paying wells and
fuinaces   to   lie idle,  that  the few that worked
I might get double price, has again been renewed;
and the astonishing spectacle has been seen, that
as the puce of pork was using through   all   the
! month of Novemoer in New Orleans, it was fall-
1 ing duung the same month in the States which
1 supply that market, and notoriously falling be-
cause salt could not be had to cure it 1  The market
I opened in Ohio at $G 50 per hundred and fell to
$450 per hundred; while mess poikrose to $27 in
! New Oileans; and the same took place, more or
less, all over the West.    The loss on the pork of
¡ the West alone, during the present yeal, for want
1 of adequate supplies of good salt, far, far exceeds
the product of the tax for many years together.
1 This, then, is the right time to move in the busi-
I ness.    An odious monopoly is now in full force;
i the country is smarting and suffering under the
I effects of the tax; every farmer feels the oppres-
! sion; Congress is in session—it can provide now
i for preventing similar oppressions the next season,
, but it cannot act in time for the next season if
the subject is put off until Congress meets again,
near twelve months hence.    The present time,
therefore, is the time for suppressing this odious,
oppressive,  and  iniquitous tax.     It  should  be
suppressed at this session, that the great steam-
boats returning from New Orleans in May and
June may bring supplies to the whole valley, to
the center, and  to the uppermost parts of the
valley of the Mississippi
Mr B. regietted that the papers on the salt du-
ties printed by the Butish House of Commons,
and which had been so effectual in Great Britain
in abolishing the salt tax, and which had con-
tributed so much to improve the stock of that
country, had not been reprinted here. Thei.- re-
print in this country would have superseded the
necessity of any speech against the ialt tax,
and would have carried improvement into every
branch of rural economy. It would have been an
invaluable present to the country. With its aid the
salt tax would have fallen here as it fell :n Great
Britain; without its aid the abolition of the tax
must be an arduous struggle, and may be a pro-
longed contest. It may still be a long time before
the people of this Republic can obtain from their
representatives what the people of England have
obtained from their Parliament—the privilege of
using the fine, pure, sun-made salt of the coasts
and islands of the Mediterranean sea, at the prices
of four, five, six, and seven cents a bushel. If the
tax was abolished, the pure alum salt of Spain,
Portugal, Italy, Sicily, Trieste, &c, would be
purchased in the ports of the United States at
those rates, and that of the Bahamas and Turk's
Island would be purchased for nine, ten, or eleven
cents a bushel. If foreign salt was admitted duty
free, the country would soon obtain an adequate
supply of salt; it would have an ample supply,
instead of being, as it now is, stinted to the one
fourth, or to the one fifth part of what was neces-
sary. The whole supply of the United States at
piesent is but about ten or eleven millions of
bushels—one half imported, the other half made
at home—and this ten or eleven millions is ex-
actly one third less than the annual quantity
which the English give to their sheep alone!
They have thirty millions of sheep, and give to
each one half a pound of salt per week, making
half a bushel to each per annum, and fifteen mil-
lions of bushels per annum to the whole. All the
rest of their stock get salt in ample quantity, and
almost all the food for their stock is as regularly
salted as are the vegetables which we cook and
prepare for our own eating in this country.
Hence the great improvement in their stock, an
impiovement which we shall in vain emulate
unless we follow their example—break down the
barrier to the introduction of foreign salt, and, by
getting the article pure, cheap, and plenty, have
an ample supply for eveiy animal, and for its
food besides.
Mr. B. deemed it proper, in proof of what he
had said, to submit a table of the import of salt
for one year, showing the countries from which it
came, the quantity and value from each country,
and the original cost per bushel. He would take
the last year to which the custom-house returns
had been made up and printed—the year ending
the 30th of September, 1837. The following 13
the table:
Quantity of Salt imported into the United States for the
ytar ending the 3Ulh of September, 3837, unlh the value
thereof at the plate whence imported, and the original
cost pet buihcl
Country.
Bushels.
Value.
Price
pr. bus

16,306
$1,032
6Jct .

16,534
4ül,í>67
1,307
24,553
8
6i
Dutch Weht Indies......

5,315
300
5Í

3,443,583
598,846  17

8.3,7.51
5,413
16,00 a
387
H


4,785
323
6*
Biitnh West Indies.......
1,372,662
131,419
12*
British N American Colonies,
75,419
17,617


13,681
880
6i
French Mediterranean ports .
17,719
1,379
7*

501,209
21,502
*i
Spanish Mediterranean ports
14,431
607    4i

15,5.12
4,287

Other Spanish West Indies..
5,01)2
4o0


379,774
19,0o7
7

12,105
33,133
847
1,080


3*

13,446
605
■ti-

3,948
359
ll

6,665
486


2,459
185
7i


6,343,706
852,617

Mr. B. commented upon this table, the numberof
countries from which we obtained salt, and the low
price which it originally cost. From three and a
half to twelve and a halt cents was the first cost of
all the alum salt which came to the United States,
the Liverpool blown, which came from England,
cost seventeen cents, but was no way comparable
to the other, and was wholly unfit to cure fish,
beef, bacon, pork, butter, or cheese, as wasall salt
that was made by the process of boiling. Natural,
