1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Salt Duties—Mr. Benton.
Sbnute.
! ia said to be equal to an extra profit of fifteen per
' cent. These advantages are of such force, that,
' while experience has proved that no other nation
' can make a mercantile profit on the Newfound-
' land fishery, nor can support it without national
' aid, we can make a profit, if vent for our fish
' can be procured.
" Of the disadvantages opposed to us, those
' which depend on ourselves are,
" Tonnage and naval duties on vessels em-
' ployed in the fishery.
" Impost duties on salt.
" On tea, rum, sugar, molasses, hooks, lines
' and leads, duck, cordage and cables, iron, hemp
' and twine, used in the fishery; coarse woolens,
' worn by the fishermen, and the poll tax levied
' by the State on their persons. The statement
' No. 6 shows the amount of these, exclusive of
' the State tax and drawback on the fish exported,
' to be $5 25 per man, or $57 75 per vessel of
1 sixty-five tons. When a business ia so nearly
' in equilibrio that one can hardly discern whether
' the profit be sufficient to continue it or not,
' smaller sums than these suffice to turn the scale
1 against it. To these disadvantages add ineffect-
< ual duties on the importation of foreign fish. In
'justification of these last it is urged that the
' foreign fish received is in exchange for the pro-
' duce of agriculture. To which it may be an-
' swered, that the thing given is more merchant-
' able than that received in  exchange, and that
*  agriculture has too many markets to be allowed
' to take away those of the fisheries. It will rest,
' therefore, with the wisdom of the Legislature to
' decide whether prohibition should not be opposed
' to prohibition, and high duty to high duty, on
' fish of other nations; whether any, and which
' of the naval and other duties may be remitted or
' an equivalent given to the fisherman in the form
' of a drawback, or bounty; and whether the loss
' of markets abroad may not, in some degree, be
' compensated by creating markets at home; to
' which might contribute the fish constituting a
' part of the military ration in stations not too
' distant from navigation, a part of the necessary
' sea stores of vessels,and the encouraging private
' individuals to let the fisherman share with the
' cultivator in furnishing the supplies of the table.
4 A habit introduced from motives of patriotism,
' would soon be followed from motives of taste;
' and who will undertake to fix limits to this de-
' mand, if it can be once excited with a nation
*  which doubles, and will long continue to double,
' at very short periods."
"Of the disadvantages which depend on others
'are—
" I. The loss of the Mediterranean markets.
" 2. Exclusions from the markets of some of
' our neighbors.
"3. High duties in those of others; and,
"4. Bounties to the individuals in competition
' with us.
"This brings us to the question, what relief
' does the condition of this fishery require ? And
'the answer is:
" 1. A remission of duties on the articles used
' in their calling.
" 2. A retaliating duty on the foreign article.
" 3. Free markets abroad."
And he concludes the report with the explicit
recommendation that the fisheries are not to draw
support from the Treasury.
These recommendations of Mr. Jefferson were
adopted by Congress, and became the basis of all
the legislative and diplomatic action of our Gov-
ernment in relation to the fisheries. What he
recommended was done, and nothing more than
he recommended was done. The salt duty being
the principal burden arising from the imposts
which the fishermen complained of, that duty was
abolished in their favor; that is to say, they were
at first allowed a drawback of the duty on the salt
used in curing so much of the fish as was exported
to foreign countries; which drawback was after-
wards commuted into an equivalent in the form
of an allowance on the tonnage of the fishing ves-
sel. The other articles subject to impost, pre-
sented in the list of their burdens by the fisher-
men, were left on the same footing for them, as
to the rest of the population.   Duties were not
released to them on tea, rum, coarse woolens, mo-
lasses, sugar, &c., but they have fared in the use
Of these articles as the rest of the community have
done.* Retaliatory duties were laid upon foreign
fish, by which a monopoly of the home market
has been secured to our fishermen; advantageous
markets have been procured for our fish and oils
in foreign countries', so that this branch of trade
is largely in our favor. We export much, and
import but little, in this line. This has been our
course of legislation and of diplomacy on this sub-
ject; and now I will refer to the acts of Congress
which prove it, and will afterwards show the
beneficial results which have ensued.
1.   The first act is that of 1789, the same which
imposed a duty of six cents a bushel upon salt,
and which granted a bounty of five cents a barrel
on pickled fish and salted provisions, and five cents
a quintal on dried fish exported from the United
States, " in lieu of a drawback of the duties imposed
on the importation of the salt employed and expended
therein."
This act (said Mr. B.) is decisive of the whole
question raised by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Davis.] It explodes the idea of this
bounty being an encouragement to the fisheries as
a nursery of seamen; for it gives the same bounty
to the exporters of beef and pork as to the ex-
porters of fish; and certainly mariners were not
expected to be created among the raisers of hogs
and cattle.
2.   In 1790 the duty on salt was doubled; it was
raised from six to twelve cents on the bushel; by
the same act the bounty in lieu of drawback of
the duty on saltused in curing fish and provisions
exported was also doubled; it was raised from
five cents to ten cents a barrel on pickled fish, beef,
and pork, and to ten cents a quintal on dried fish.
Act of July 4, 1789, vol. 2, chap, 2, Laws United
Slates.
3.   An act of 1792 repeals the bounty in lieu of
drawback on dried fish, and in lieu of that, " and
as a commutation thereof, and equivalent therefor,"
shifts the bounty from the fish exported to the
fishing vessel, and authorizes an allowance to be
paid to vessels in the cod-fishery at the rate of
$1 50 a ton on vessels of from twenty to thirty
tons burden; of $2 50 on the tonnage of vessels
above thirty tons; and $1 a ton on vessels between
five tons and twenty tons, with a limitation to
$170 for maximum allowance to any one vessel.
(«Sei of February 16, 1792, vol. 2, chap. 107, Laws
United Stales.) This act-was in exact compliance
with the request of the owners of fishing vessels
in their application to the general court of Mas-
sachusetts, in February, 1790, and by the general
court laid before Congress. The act of 1789 had
given a bounty to the shipper of fish in lieu of
drawback of duty; the owners of fishing vessels
prayed that this might be paid to the " owners of
the fishing vessels instead of the shippers of the fish."
Congress granted the request; and to exclude the
possibility of considering it as a bounty out of
the Treasury, expressly declared it to be " acorn-
' mutation of, and an equivalent for, the bounty in
' lieu of drawback of the duties imposed on the import-
' ation of the saltused in curing the fish and provisions
' exported." The id ea of making mariners is also
wholly contradicted by extending the bounty
down to five-ton boats.
4.  In 1797 the duty on saltis raised from twelve
cents to twenty cents a bushel; a corresponding
increase is immediately made in the bounties and
allowances to salted provisions, fish, and fishing
vessels. The bounty in lieu of drawback to salted
provisions was raised to eighteen cents a barrel;
the bounty on pickled fish was raised to twenty-
two cents a barrel; and thirty-three and a third
per cent, was added to the allowance in favor of
the cod-fishing vessels.—.3d of May 2, 1792, vol.
2, chap. 128, Laws United States.
5.  The act of April 12, 1800, continues the salt
duty, and all the bounties and allowances to salt
provisions, fish, and fishing-vessels, for the term of
ten years, and then adds this proviso: "Tliat these
' allowances shall not be understood to be continued for
' a longer lime than the correspondent duties on salt,
'respectively, for which the said allowances were
'granted, shall be payable."—Vol. 3, chap. 176,
Laws United Slates.
6.  In 1807, Mr, Jefferson being President, the
salt tax was abolished, and with it the fishing
bounties and allowances, and the bounty oh ex-
ported salted provisions, which were dependent
upon it. The act had but three years to run at the
time it was repealed; but the Republicans of that
day would not leave the odious tax to die a natural
death. They extinguished it by law. They cut
off"its three years' life. The first section of the
act repealed the tax; and the second applied to
the bounties and allowances, and ran in. these-
words: "That from and after the first day of Jan-
' uary next, so much of any act as allows a bounty
' on exported salt provisions and pickled fish, in
' lieu of drawback of the duties on salt employed in
' curing the same, and so much of any act as makes
' allowances to the owners and crews of fishing
' vessels, in lieu of drawback of the duties paid on the
' salt used by the same, shall be, and the same hereby
' is, repealed."
This is the end of the first salt tax. It is the
legislation of near twenty years upon the subject—
from 1789 to 1807—and it shows that beef and
pork exported received the same bounty which
went to the fisheries; a fact which is itself full
proof that the fishing bounties were not given for
the purpose of making mariners, unless mariners*
were also expected to be made of the herdsmen
who were employed in raising cattle and hogs.
This (said Mr. B.) brings us to the end of th*
first salt tax ever imposed in the United States,
and also to the end of the bounties and allowances
on the exportation of salted beef and pork, and oii
exported fish and fishing vessels which were de-
pendent upon it. The tax and all its dependent"
provisions fell together; they fell under the Re-
publican Administration of Mr. Jefferson. The
Journals of Congress and the votes of the two
Houses show that the repeal of the tax Was pretty
nearly a party measure, the Republicans being for
the repeal, and the Federalists against it. Doubt-
less it was never expected to be revived under a
Republican Administration, but the financial em-
barrassments of the war with Great Britain caused
it to be resorted to in the second year of that con-
test, but only as a war tax, expressly limited to
the duration of the war, and one year thereafter.
This is the act now in force, and a recurrence to
its provisions will prove and establish every posi-
tion for which I now contend. 1 wilt show these
provisions, beginning with the title, and-will after-
wards show the continuation of the act and the
alterations which may have been made in it. Th«
title of the act is this: " An act laying a duty on
1 imported salt, granting a bounty on pickled fish
' exported, and allowances to certain vessels en-
' gaged in the fisheries."
The first section of the act revives the salt tax
of twenty cents per bushel, to take effect on the
1st day of January, 1814. The second section
revives the bounty of twenty cents per barrel on
exported pickled fish, and also the allowances to
fishing vessels, at the rate of $2 40 per ton for all
vessels of twenty tons, and not exceeding thirty;
and $1 60 per ton on all vessels of less than twenty
tons, and above five, and of §4 for all above thirty
tons, with a limitation of $272 to any one vessel;
these bounties and allowances to take effect on the
same day the salt tax went into operation. The
third section then contained a provision in these
words:
" That no bounty, drawback, or allowance,
' shall be made under the authority of this act,
' unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of
'the collector that the pickled fish for which
' the bounty, drawback, or allowance, shall be
' claimed, was wholly cured with foreign salt,
' and on which a duty shall have been secured or
■paid."
Such is the third section of the bill, not at all
necessary to show that the fishing allowances
were dependent upon the salt tax, but superadded
by way of making assurance doubly sure.
The concluding section of the bill is in these
words:
" That this act shall continue in force until the
' termination of the war in which the United States
' are now engaged with the united kingdom of
' Great Britain and Ireland, and the dependencies
' thereof, and for one year thereafter, and no
Monger."
