1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HI
25th Cong....3d Sess.
earned it, and that, to prevent the possibility of a
misconstruction, the act making the change ex-
pressly declared the allowance on the tonnage of
the vessel to be in commutation of, and an equiv-
alent for, the bounty in lieu of the drawback on salt.
5.  I barely remind the Senate also, that in the
mam act of 1799, which raised the salt tax thirty-
three and a third per cent, and at the same time
raising the fishing allowances thirty-three and a
third per cent, the act expressly declared that this
additional allowance to the fishing vessels should
only continue so long as the additional duty on
salt was continued, on account of which the addi-
tional allowance was paid
6.   I also repeat, Mr. President, that to receive
^his allowance every vessel was required to catch,
or to prove it had caught, and to export, or prove
it h,ad exported, a quantity of fish the duty on the
salt used in curing which was intended to be about
equal to the allowance granted.
"7. The Senator from Massachusetts has laid out
hia mam strength in arguing from phrases and de-
tached passages in different acts, especially those
parts which relate to the division of the allowance
among the fishermen, the size of the vessel, the
four months she was to remain at sea, the later
additional allowances without an increase of the
salt d«ty, &c. All this would amount to nothing,
even if trje passages would bear the construction
which he would give to them. We know that
these details, being considered local and sectional,
would be left to the members from the section in-
terested, that the increases in the allowances,
without corresponding increases in the salt duty,
would readily pass without being observed by that
part of our members who come under the English
classification of "country members;" and that
in all the acts there are controlling clauses which
fasten and tie down the allowance to the salt duty.
Of this character are numerous clauses in the dif-
ferent acts; but for my present purpose it is suffi-
cient to show one—the one which is in the act
which is now in force—and which was put there
on the motion of the wisest, purest, most saga-
cious and best of men—by Nathaniel Macon, of
North Carolina
The third section to the act now in force con-
tains this enactment:
" No bounty, diawback, or allowance, shall be
' made under the authority of this act, unless it
' shall be proved to the satisfaction of the col-
' lector that the pickled fish fur which the bounty,
' diawback, or allowance shall be claimed, was
' wholly cured with foreign salt, and on which a
* duty shall have been secured or paid "
When I saw thisrardmal section, (said Mr B.,)
I was struck with the ease with winch it cut off t
all unfounded pretensions to these allowances as
bounties forthe creation of mariners; I looked into
the Journals of 1813 to see who it was that had
moved that omnipotent little section; I found it to
be the venerable patriot and sage who has been
named; and now I conclude, and rest my argu-
ment upon the plain and simple enactment of
which he was the author.
In Senate, January 29, 1839.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Senate on the
bill.    Having concluded,
Mr. BENTON rose and said, that he did not
rise to reply to that gentleman—that he agreed
with him in so many things which he had said,
that he was pretty well satisfied with his speech—
and that his object in rising was to continue his
reply to the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Davis,] and to bring into the debate some fresh j
matter which he had discovered in the course of
the last night, and which would not only bear
directly upon the issue joined with that Senator,
but would place him (Mr. B.) on New England
ground—on Massachusetts ground, especially—
in opposing the continuance of the salt duties and
fishing bounties and allowances.
The law now in force, (continued Mr. B ,) and
by virtue of which this duty exists, and these
allowances are paid, is, as it has often been shown
in this debate, the act of June, 1813, passed m the
second year of the war with Great Britain. I have
had the curiosity to examine into the history of
that act, and have found that, in the first place, it
was simply a revenue measure, brought in with a
Salt Duties—Mr. Benton.
long list of revenue bills; that it contained nothing
as brought in but the duty on the salt, the fishing
bounties and allowances being added afterward;
and that in every stage of the bill, and in every
form it could assume, the New England delega-
I tion, headed  by Massachusetts, were its  most
determined and thorough-going opponents.   Now,
! granting that these gentlemen voted upon the gen-
eial motive of leaving the Government without
revenue to carry on the war with Great Britain,
l yet it is impossible to suppose that they looked
j upon that act in the light now presented by the
' Senator from Massachusetts, without looking upon
I them not merely as enemies to Mr. Madison's
I administration, but also as enemies to a Massa-
chusetts manufacture — enemies to commerce —
enemies to a navy — enemies to their own fisher-
men1
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
represents this salt duty and these fishing bounties
as a protective duty to encourage the manufacture
of salt, and as a national bounty for the creation of
manners for our commercial and military marine;
and he has dwelt with great feeling on the injury
to the manufacturer of salt, the injury to our com-
merce, the injury to our ships of war, and, above
all, on the injury to the fishermen themselves, if
this duty and these allowances should be discon-
tinued.    But in all this he must be mistaken, or
the New England gentlemen who were in Congress
during the war, must have been not only enemies,
but gratuitous enemies, to ail these interests.    1
say gratuitous enemies; for the amount of income
which could be derived from the salt duty during
the war was next to nothing1   Foreign trade was
suspended, and little or no revenue could be de-
uved, or was derived, fiom that source     As crip-
pling the Government, then, in its conflict with
Great Britain, the withholding of this salt íevenue
was nothing; while to the manufactuiers of salt,
the commerce, the navy, and the fishing interest,
the bill was, according to the views now taken of
it, of the most momentous and vital importance—
a real life and death measure'   It is impossible to
conceive that the New England delegation of that
day, though mimical to the Administration, could
have  been so inimical to  it as, for the sake of
withholding the insignificant amount of the salt
tax, could haye been willing to inflict upon salt
manufacturers, upon commerce, upon the navy,
and upon the fishermen themselves, the misfor-
tune of losing all the benefits with which this act
of 1813 is now alleged to be fraught.   The Sena-
tor fiom Massachusetts must be mistaken; and I
will now proceed to trace the history of this act,
and to show him that I now stand, in relation to
i this bill, on the ground on which all New Eng-
land stood, with the exception of a few Repub-
licans, at tne time the act was passed.
This act, sir, made its first appearance in the
i House of Representatives on the 10\h day of June,
1813.    It was reported  from  the Committee of
Ways and Meanq: hy Mr   Eppes, in company
with nine other bills, to raise revenue for the sup-
port of the war; and it was, as introduced by him,
merely a bill to lay a duty of twenty cents a bushel
on salt.   The bounties and allowances were not
in it, either to beef and pork or to fishing vessels,
and this omission was upon the obvious ground,
that there could be no foreign trade duting the
continuance of the act, and, trierefore, there could
be no drawback of the salt duties, or any bounties
and allowances in lieu of drawback.    On being
brought in, the bill went into the Committee of
the Whole, in which state no journal is kept of
the yeas and nays; but on being reported from
the committee to the House, questions are taken
on all the amendments agreed to in Committee of
the Whole, and on these questions the yeas and
nays are taken, and the vote of every member is
shown and preserved.    I take up the history of
the bill at the commencement of the proceedings
upon it in the House, and proceed to show that
the whole of the New England members present,
with the exception of a few Republicans, headed
by Massachusetts,opposed the billm every shape,
and would have prevented it from ever becoming
a law if they could.   This will be shown by a
rapid review of the motions made, the questions
taken, and the votes upon them.
The bill was taken up on the 13th of July, and
the first motion was on the part of Governor
Senate.
Wnght, of Maryland, to postpone it indefinitely;
and on that motion the vote stood 55 yeas, 88
nays.   The yeas were Messrs —
Baylies........Massach 'Us. McCoy........Virginia.
Benson........New York.   Miller........New York.
Bigelow......Ma<sach*tts. Moore.........
Bradbury.    ...Massach'tts. MoseJy......Cnnnealieut.
Breckenndge...Virginia.        Oakley.....,.,New York.
Brigliam.......Massach'tts. Pickering......Massach'tts.
Burwell.......Virginia.       Pitkin.........Connecticut.
Butler.........Vermont.      Potter.........It Island.
Oaperton......Virginia.       Etdgely....... .Delaware.
Champion.....Connecticut. Ruggles........Massach'tts.
Cilley ...    . New Hamp   Sheffey .    ... Virginia
Culpepper.....N. Carolina. Sherwood.....New York.
Davenport ....Connecticut. Shepherd......New York.
Ely............Massach'tts. South.........New York.
Franklin......N. Carolina. Smrth.........Virginia.
Gaston........N Carolina. Stanford...... N. Carolina.
Gtentnger.....Penn             Strong........Vermont
Goldsborough   Maryland       Stuart........Maryland
Grosvenor......New York.   Sturges........Conoecticut.
Hanson.......Maryland.     Thompson ....New York.
lIuHgerford....Virguua.        Vose..........New Ilamp.
Jackson.    ... R. Island.      Wheaton.. .   Massach'tts.
Kent.........New York.    White.........Virginia
Kent..........Maryland.     Wilcox......New Hamp.
King..........Ma=>saeii'tts. Wilson........Massach'tts.
Lewis ........Virginia        Winter........New York.
Lovett........New York.    Wright........Maryland.
Macon........N. Carolina.
Having read the list of yeas, Mr. B. went on to
say, that the gentlemen whose names made up
the fifty-five who were in favor of indefinite post-
ponement were, first, the whole body of the New
England delegation, with the exception of a few
Republicans; secondly, theFederal gentlemen from
other States who were opposed to the Administra-
tion; and, thirdly, a few unyielding Republicans,
headed by Mr. Macon, who could not be brought
to vote for a salt tax on any consideration, and
who knew, besides, that putting on and taking off
taxes was like Vngil's description of a visit to
hell—easy to go down, hard to come back—the
tax easy put on, hard to be got off, as the event
has proved in this case These made up the fifty-
five who voted for the indefinite postponement oí
the bill, and who stood together on every subse-
quent vote against it.
The next vote was to defer the commencement
of the operation of the act for about six months—
to the 1st day of January, 1814. Fifty-seven
members voted for this delay; being the same,
with the addition of two moie, who voted for
indefinite postponement.
The third vote, to delay or defeat the bill, was
on the motion of Mr. Macon to postpone the
consideration of it until the 1st day of November
ensuing; that is to say, to a day beyond the end
of the session. On this question the vote m favo?
of the postponement was 51; being the ssme as
before, with the exception of a few absent.
The fourth vote was on the motion of Mr.
Yancey, of Noith Carolina, to reduce the duty
from twenty to twelve and a half cents per bushel.
On this the vote in favor of reduction was 69,
beginning with Mr. Baylies, of Massachusetts,
as usual, going on to include the phalanx of 55,
and gaining as many more from the Republicans
as made up 69
The fifth vote was on the motion of Mr. Wright,
of Maryland, to reduce the duty from twenty to
fourteen cents per bushel. On this vote the yeas
were 55; consisting mainly of the same 55 Who
regularly mustered against the bill.
The sixth attempt to defeat the bill was on the
motion of Mr. Murfree, of North Carolina, to
postpone the consideration of it until the 1st day
of December ensuing; that is to say, to a day
beyond the period of the session. On this ques-
tion the vote stood—62 yeas to 87 nays; the 62
including the original and standing 55.
The seventh mam vote was on the passage of
the bill; and the nays stood fifty five to yeas
ninety. These fifty-five were the same who had
voted against the bill, from the beginning to the
ending. Massachusetts furnishing a larger number
of the fifty-five than any State m the Union, and
every New England State backing her with the
majority of its votes.
Having gone over the history of the enactment
of the bill, Mr. B. said he felt that he had made
good his declaration, that he stood on New Eng-
land ground, and especially on Massachusetts
gound, in showmga determined hostility to this
act. It is certain that .Massachusetts, and all New
England, except a few Republicans, opposed the
