I4S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Expenditures of the Government—Mr. Murray.
Ho. of Reps.
our population numbered 12,866,920. According
to the average ratio of increase for the last fifty
years, which has been about thirty-four per cent,
for every penod often years, our population will,
at the next census in 1840, number about seven-
teen and one quarter million of souls.
Withm the last ten years, two States and two
Territories have been added to the Union, and are
airead y far in advance on their march to greatness.
Their sudden growth and change of condition are
unexampled, and passing wonderful to the be-
holder. They have, as it were,leaped into exist-
ence with the eaergy and strengtn of giants. Wit-
ness Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa. They
have rieen before our eyes like enchanted visions,
or the rooming mist. But we have also extin-
guished the Indian title to 116,000,000 of acres of
land, which we have added to our territory. What
an immense quantity! More than one third of
the whole quantity of the public lands ceded to
the Government in all the nine new States, includ-
ing Ohio and three Territories, to which the Indian
title has been extinguished, the whole quantity
being 319,536,232 acre .
These facts, with others I might cite, (said Mr.
M.,) all go to show the wonderful giowth of this
mighty nation within that time. Considering, also,
that during this period a large public debt has been
paid off, and the gold and silver circulation of the
country increased from twenty to one hundred
millions of dollars, it would ceitamly require much
credulity on the part of a disinterested community
to believe that the Government of the country un-
der which these desirable, nay, more than looked
for, results have taken place, had been either op-
pressively or unwisely administered.
We must keep another fact in view, (said Mr.
M.,) in pioceeding to examine this charge of ex-
travagance. All money expended must first be
appropriated by Congress, who should alone be
responsible therefor The Executive is lesponsi-
ble for its application only, but he cannot touch
one dollar, even of his own salary, until it is first
appropriated by law. For extiavagant appropn-
auons, therefore, Congress, and not the Executive,
is responsible. Appropi unions are of two clauses.
The one oidmaiy, for the payment of the ciurent
expendituie&ofthe Government, the other extraor-
dinary, for purposes other than the payment of
the cuirent and necessary expenditures of the na-
tion Which of the parties m Congiess (said Mi.
M ) is most blamable, (if either be so,) for having
voted for extraordinary appropriations, I may have
occasion to examine hereafter, but, for the pies-
ent, I shall pass that subject.
Few extraordinary appropriations were made
by Congress till after the payment of the national
debt. Whilst that debt was being paid, the an-
nual average of the ordinary and necessary ex
penditures of the Government, under Mr. Adams,
was |12,625,477, and amounted to but little more
during the first term of President Jackson The
annual expenditures for the same puipos.es have
to this time increased but little, as I will presently
show; not more, perhaps, than would become
reasonably necessary, from the mcieabed growth
of the country, and general augmentation of the
public service. The large amounts of money
lately expended, belong, therefore, to the class of
extraordinaiy appropnutions, which 1 will now
proceed to examine. The first, and one of the
greatest drains upon our financial means which I
shall notice, (said Mr M ,) is that which has
grown out of our Indian relations for the last ten
years.
The number of Indians of indigenous tribes
west of the Mississippi nvei, on the 1st Decem-
ber, 1837, was........................231,806
Of this numbei,humanity has to regret the
destruction, by small-pox, during   the
past year, of........................ 17,200
Which reduces their number to.........214,606
The number of Indians (of tribes east of
the Mississippi) who had, previous to
that date, emigrated west of that river,
was...............................51,327
The number then east of the Mississippi,
was................................49,365
Which makesthewholenumberof Indians 315,298
About one half of those Indians east of the Mis-
sissippi at the above date, (1st December, 1837,)
composed principally of eighteen thousand Chero-
kees, have since emigrated west, whether the last
remaining few of these unfortunate people must
soon be sent.
Since the 4th of March, 1829, the commence-
ment of General Jackson's administration, there
has been purchased by Indian treaties, of some
fifty bands or upwards, of land ceded by them to
the Government, the quantity of 116,557,877 acres.
For which the Government has paid, and stmulated
to pay, inlands and money,sum of $ 72,609,056
In addition to this, Congress appi opri-
ated, by the act of the 12th of June,
1838,  upon the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, for the re-
moval  and  subsistence,  and  as a
further compensation for their im-
provements, &c , the sum of......   1,147,067
Also, by act of the 7th July last, for
temporary subsistence of such In-
dians west of the Mississippi as
might be unable to subsist them-
selves, owing to removal or disar-
rangement of their terntory by the
Government.....................       150,000
Making altogether..................§73,905,123
Here, then, is an expenditure of $73,905,123— '
enough to pay the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment for some four or five years; and if the
greatness of the amount be full evidence of extrav-
agance, then is the Government guilty of the
charge.
Cut, sir, (said Mr. M.,) can we condemn either
the policy which superinduced these appropria-
tions, or the application of the money expended
for these lands, as unprofitable or impolitic' It is
properly an investment of the money, and not an
expenditure. The immense quantity of land we
have received in exchange will, aftei payment of
all expenses, moie than remunerate us for the
money paid to the Indians, with nueie¡,t. The
lands aie said to be of the best quality. If mi,
they aie an immense treasure to the nation They
would be amply sufficient to suppoit time million
of inhabitants; a number equaling the population
of all the thuteen Colonies during our Revolu-
tion In their acquisition, we reclaim an immense
wilderness from the occupancy of savages and
beasts of prey, and convert them into fi uitful fields,
thereby facilitating the march of impiovementand
dispensing comfoit and happiness to civilized man.
That philanlhiopy cannot be right which regiet3
the transformation of the wide extended and gloomy
foiest, which buries within its own bosom the rich
stoies of its dormant wealth, into a land of culti-
vation and fruitfulness, teeming with millions of
active and enterprising freemen, who are devel-
oping its gieat resources, and thus making it the
theatei and the scene of man's highest destiny on
earth That humanity is ill-born and sickly,
which, under such cncumsUnces, would stop
whilst witnessing thecieation of s,o much grandeur
and happiness, to weep over the fate of the trans-
planted savage, and piotest against the act that
expelled him to give place to a civilized community.
it deserves not a place among the manly vutues
of the human heart. Foi as the Almighty, m
ancient dayi, dispersed the inhabitants of Canaan,
that the land might bebettei occupied by his more
favored childien, so in like manner did he destine
this, his most favored land, to be held in reserve
until delivered to his most favored people of these
latter times, of whom he is making a gieat nation.
But the policy is not more wise for the white than
it is geneious and humane for the led man. So
far from disparaging, it brightens the escutcheon
of the national honor. Instead of exterminating,
by the bloody hand of war, the remnant of an
unfortunate race which still lingered in our way
and claimed our protection, we have paid them
for their lands, and transplanted them to a land
we give them beyond our limits, where they will
be secure against the future encroachments of the
overreaching grasp of the wmte man. But on this
part of the subject I will here inti oduce the present
intelligent Commissioner of Indian Affans, Mr.
Crawford, whcse story is entitled to more weight
than anything I could say, it being not only
official, but derived from a source where knowledge
on this subject may be looked for. In his report
at the commencement of the present session, he
says-
" The most striking feature of the peculiar relations that
the Indian:, bear to the United States is then removal to the
west side of the Mississippi—a change of residence effected
under treaties, and with the utmost regard to thur comfort
that the circumstances of each admitted The advance
of white settlements, and the consuming effect of their
approach to the red man's home, had 1  ng been observed
by the humane with pain, as leading to the speedy extinc-
tion of the weaker party. Jiut it is not believed that any
suggestion of the policy now in a course of execution was
authoritatively made prior to the commencement of the pres-
ent century, since, it has repeatedly, and at various inter-
vals, received the sanction of the Chief Magistrates of the
United Suites, and of one or the other House of Congress,
without, however, any definite action previous to the law
parsed eight years ago. Treaty engagements had been
previously made for their removal west, with several of the
tribes, but the act referred to was a formal and general
recognition oí the measure, as di Mrable in regard to all ttie
Indians within any State or Territory east of the Missis-
sippi Whatevt rapprehensions might have been honestly
enteitamcd of the results of this scheme the arguments in
favor of us adoption, deduced from observation and the
dcstiuctive cflccis of a continuance in their old positions,
are *o far strengthened by the succts  attendant upon its
execution as to have convinced all, it i  thought, of the
humane and benevolenttendencyol the measure Expcri-
eiicr had shown that, however commendable the eitorts to
mt lion  i savage surrounded by a white population,Ihey
were not eompi a alt d to any great evlent by the gratifi-
cation which is ttie btst reward of doing good A few
individuals in d still smaller number of tribes have beea
educated, and profiled by the opportunities affoided thera
to become civih/ed and respectible men; but the ma-s has
retrograded, giving, by tin contrast, greater prominency to
their more wist judging brethren What can even tha
moral, uneducated Indian promise himsi.ll in a while set-
tlement ? Lijuahty he does not and cannot possess, and
tht influence that i^ the just possession of his qualities m
the ordinary social relations Of life is denied him. Sepa-
rated Iroin deteriorating associations with white men, the
reverse «ill be Hit i.iet A lair ami wide field w ill be open
before him, in whkli he can cultivate the moral and Intel
lectual vtrtuis of the human beings around him, and aid in
elevating ihem to the highest condition which thev are
cupable ol reachum ] I these views are correct, the reflec-
tion is pleas ml lb u is derived from the belief that a greater
surihce ot It ihng is not made in their lcmoval thin Idlls
to Hit lot of our leltovv t ui/eins, in the numerous changes
nt rt sidt nee 111 it considerations of bettering their condition
an diilj jiiodiiein^ indet d, it c moot be admitted to beso
gn l, loi wlult Hie white ni in moves West or boulh, ac
e mpniKtl by his tamil} only, llie Indi msgo by tribes, car
ivmitwi li them .ill The pit atures o( ancif nt acquaintance,
common li ibits ¿nú common interests It can scarcely be
coiittndtd tli it tin y are more susceptible of stifíermir at
llit bit akin,, up ot locil .issoci itions thin we are, for,
apirt from their condition not favoring the indulgence of
the liner ftehng , fiel proves ihit they sell a part of their
possesions without reluctance, and It ave their cabins and
burial places, and the mounds and monuments which were
the objt ets ol tht ir prid* or affection, lor a remote position
in ihe Stiine dmrict Tor whatever tluyhave ceded to
the United 'sutes ihey have been imply compensated Í
speak not of lormer times, to which relerenee is not made,
hut ot later diys The cise of Hie Ohtrokees is a sinking
instance of the hbetahty of the Government in all its
branches "
The honorable gentleman fom Vermont [Mr.
Ev erltt] entered on an examination of the origin
of this policy some days since, in order, as he
said, to coirect the Piesident in a " historical
en or," in dating its commencement as far back
as the administration of Mr. Jefferson. I have
not critically examined this subject, nor do I think
it a matter of much moment as to where or when
it originated. But the supposed discrepancy al-
luded to by the gentleman does not appear to me
to be so great as he would make it. From the
extract of the report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs in 1834, cited by the gentleman himself,
it appears that " the project for removing the
« eastern Indians west of the Mississippi may be
'referred, for its origin, to a proposition of a part
* of the Cherokee tribe, in 1808, to remove across
' the Mississippi river on some vacant lands of
' the United States " It is very certain that so
much of the policy as relates to " an extinction,
for a fair consideration," of the title to all the
landi occupied by the Indians within the States
and Territories of the United States, commenced
as far back as Mr. Jefferson's administration, if
not before that time. It was the policy which
succeeded that of wresting from them their pos-
sessions by the forcible hand of war. Thus much
cf the early origin of the policy is certain, although
no general or digested " plan for the removal and
' civilization of the Indian tribes may have bee'!
* pressed upon the attention of Congress prior to
1 Mr. Monroe's administration."
