164                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.                             [February 5,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                           Settlement of Florida—Mr. Benton.                                                  Senate.
to the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and printed and laid upon the tables of
members. The change, then, which the bill pro-
poses, has the approval of experienced officers,
best qualified to give an opinion Upon the subject.
The state of things in Florida cannot remain as
they are. They cannot stand still in their pres-
ent condition. We must do something; and it
does seem to me that the plan proposed is not
only the best, but, perhaps, the only mode of ac-
complishing what has been so long tried in vain.
I hold it to be the best mode, in every aspect,
under which the question can be considered, of
expelling the Indiana from Florida. In the first
place, it is the cheapest mode. Considered in a
mere pecuniary point of view—under the mere
head of expense—and it must be far cheaper than
the further employment of large bodies of militia
and volunteers, in addition to the regular force
disposable for that service. Almost the only ex-
ense would be in land; and land of which we
ave not the possession, and which the settleis
mustconquer for us before we can give it to them;
and, with it, must conquer upwards of twenty
Million acres more foi us. The whole quantity
to be granted will be but three million two hun-
dred thousand acres; its value to the United States
nothing now, and only $4,000,000 when these
settlers shall have exr.elled the Indians fiom it.
The quantity is but thiee million and a quarter
of acres, only the eighth part of what the settlers
will acquire for the United States; for the whole
quantity of lands of which these Indians have the
possession is about twenty-six million acres, and
far the greater part of it public property. The
settlers, then, are to be paid with a small part of
their own earnings. Four million dollars'worth
of land, to be conquered from the Indians by the
settlers themselves, will constitute almost the
whole expense. The rations, the ammunition,
the transportation, the medicines, and the seed
erams, all together, cannot cost half a million dol-
lars; so that the total expense undei the bill will
be $4,500,000; and this upon a certainty; for, un-
less the object is accomplished, no land will be
earned.
In the next place, it is the most humane method
of terminating this war. It is most humane to
our own people; for it is temblé to employ our
Army and our citizen soldiers—all of tin in valu-
able in themselves, and connected with paicnts,
wives, and children, to whom their lives are both
precious and necessary—it is terrible to employ
officers, soldiers, and citizens upon a sei vice winch
is but little above that of hunting wild beasts, and
in which the killed and wounded undeigo a spe-
cies of assassination from an invisible hand, and
in which no prisoners are made. It is most hu-
mane with respect to the Indians themselves, for
the effect of the settlements will be to expel them
fiorn the country by the advance of population,
and almost without bloodshed. The establishment
of ten thousand cultivators in the countiy, occu-
pying one or two hundred positions to command
the coasts and all the healthy and valuable spots,
will soon have its uniform effect upon the Indians.
They will lecede as the stations advance they
will retire beyond the Mississippi when they hear,
fiom the Okefinokce swamp to Cape Sable, the
sound of the ax, the crack of the nfle, and the
fietcebaikmg of the house-dog. With little effu-
sion of blood on cither side will this proti acted
contest, in this manner, be biought to a close.
Considerations of humanity, then, demand its
adoption. In the third place, it will be the most
efficacious method. It will be no longer a stiug-
le of the whites against the Indians, but of the
ndians against the whites. The action of the war
will be reversed. How the Indians are the pos-
sessors of the country, and the effoit is on the
part of the whites to dislodge them from then fast-
nesses , then the whites will become the possessois,
and it will be the business of the Indians to drive
them out of their stations This they can never
do. A hollow square of block-houses, manned
by four or five rifles each, and guarded by the
faithful mastiff, is secure from attack or surprise
from any number of Indians whatever. AH the
Indians in the United States could not take one
of these stations The plan which we recommend
is, therefore, certainly the best in three essential
features of cheapness, humanity, and efficiency.
It may be objected by some, Mr. President,
that the plan is notpracticable; thatis to say,that
ten thousand men cannot be found who will go to
Fiondaupon the terms of the bill. To this I would
answer, in the first place, that there is no know-
ing whether the plan will succeed or not, until it
is tried. In the next place, I would answer that
the objection furnishes no reason for voting
against the bill, even if it could be known to be
true; for the experiment can cost nothing unless
it succeeds. The settlers can receive no rations
unless they go to their stations' they can receive
no land unless they remain there until the Indians
are removed. It is, therefore, a bill which may
do great good, and can do no harm. If it suc-
ceeds, everything is gained; if it miscarries, noth-
ing is lost. It will be an innocent and costless
experiment at all events. There is, therefore, no
harm in trying it. So much for the objection even
if founded in truth! But I deny its truth. I hold
it to be unfounded; and that, in point of fact, the
plan is every way practicable; that the ten thou-
sand settlers will go—thntthey will maintain their
position when they get there—will accomplish
the object for which they go—and will do well
for themselves, as well as render a great service
to their country by going.
The settlers will go if the bill passes; the in-
ducements arc sufficient to carry them. Three
hundred and twenty acres of land, selected by
the settler himself out of twenty-six million
acres, (for the large grants to the Duke of Ala-
gon, the Count Funon Rostro, and Don Pedro
de Vargas, are all declaied null and void by the
treaty of cession;) three hundred and twenty
acies of land so selected out of so large a quan-
tity, in a region of such valuable productions,
must be a rich remuneration for two or three
years residence in Florida, with all the other ad-
vantages which the bill proposes to confer. True,
this land would be woith but $400 to the Govern-
ment; true, the Treasury would receive no more
than #400 if the thiee hundred and twenty acies
should be sold, but the sum which the Govern-
ment would receive would be no criterion of Us
value. It would be worth a far laigei sum; it
would be worth many dollars an acre to the set-
tler—far moie than he could earn in the same
length of time by any pursuit or occupation which
he could follow. Gieat is the intrinsic value of
good land in the peninsula of Flonda Highly
valuable it is for its pioductions and for its local
lty Besides the rich products of cotton and
sugar, and the famous Cuba tobacco, worth thirty
dolíais a hundied — besides these rich staples
many of the most valuable tropical fiuits are
giown there; fruits, the cultivation of which is
so easy and the value so great. The pine apple,
the orange, lemons, limes, figs, the plantain,
cocoa, with the most delicious grapes and melons,
aie nli giown there. The capacity for producing
these valuable crops and fruits give a great intrin
sic value to the good lands of Florida, to say
nothing of the live-oak and other fine timbei which
abound m many parts. Besides the land, the bill
proposes other advantages to the settler; sub-
sistence for one year, seed giams and vegetables,
ammunition, medicines, íeception ot the sick in
the military hospitals, transpoitation, aid in put-
ting up block-houses, special protection while
establishing the station, general piott etion after-
wards, land to use before they get their own, and
the benefit of all their own time and labor Such
are the advantages which the bill proposes, m
addition to the thiee hundred and twenty acies
ofland, and suiely there is no possible way in
which a man by his own exertions—any young
man able to bear arms, though not of age—can
in so shoit a time, with so much ease to himself,
without the use of capital, and by his meie indi-
vidual peisonal exertions, make and clear so val-
uable an estate.
Great error prevails in the common estimate of
the value of these Flonda lands. By many, all
the pine lands are condemned, when in fact much
of them have a clay and marl foundation, and are
of great value. Gieat bodies of savanna, exten-
sile hammocks, rich swamps, alluvials, clay,
and mail, are found, all adapted to valuable cul-
tivation. On this head the letters of Dr. Lawson
and General Hernandez are full and satisfac-
tory.
The settlers will go, and when there will main-
tain themselves. Subsistence will be easy, for
the first year the Government supplies it. In that
time grain and vegetables will be produced.
Cattle, swine, and fowls, will be introduced. The
natural supplies of the country will contribute
much towards the suppoit of the inhabitants.
The forests abound with game, with deer, tur-
keys, and quails, the waters aie covered with
aquatic fowls, and filled with fich, tuitle, and
oysters. It is the opinion of Geneial Josup, so
declaied in his letter which has been printed by
order of the Senate, that thefishenes on the coast
of Florida, in proportion to their extent, will
prove as valuable as those of Newfoundland.
Many indigenous vegetables are found; of which
the wild potato, the brier root, the cabbage tree,
the palmetto, and the wild arrow loot, are the
most considerable. The climate will admit of
two ciops of grain and vegetables within the
year. The settler can find no difficulty in pro-
viding for his subsistence He should go the
first year without his family. His rations will
be sufficient for himself that yeai; the spcond
year his family will find their support m the
produce of the crops, in the increase of cattle,
swine, and fowls, and in the boundless supplies
of the forest and wateis.
The settlers can maintain themselves against
the Indians. Even if they had no assistance fiom
the United States troops, they could maintain their
positions. They aie to be formed into stations
of fiom forty to one hundred men at each place.
These stations will be a species of foitification,
covering ground enough to shelter many people,
and impregnable to Indians. The block-houses
may be arranged into hollow squares, to include
several hundied acres of ground for cultivation;
or they may be foimed into a line across a point,
or along a coast, within the distance of rifle cioss
firing, with four or five men allotted to each house.
Such stations could not be taken by force, ana,
with the faithful house dog for a sentinel, they
could not be suipused I hold a block-house to
be impregnable against Indians. No numbei of
Indians can take one of those houses, with four
oi &\c nllemen in it. It is the stiongest defense
in the woild against small-arms Of this, you,
sir, [addressing himself to the Vice Piesiduit,
Colonel R. M. Johnson,] of this jou have full
knowledge, fiom the expeiience of the caily set
tleis in Kentucky and Tennessee. Few oi no
block-houses weie even taken there, the strength
of the house securing it against force, and the
vigilance of the mastiff secui mg it against strata-
gem. Our late southern Indian wars have fur-
nished striking instances to the same effect, of
which I will mention one. At the breaking out
of the Cieek war in 1813, the inhabitants on the
Mobile and Alabama nveis collected into a sta-
tion, which soon acquired a frightful celebiity.
It was called Fort Mimms. A battalion of militia
guaided the place,and a great number of families
sought sheltei within its huts and stockades I
was at the place a few months afteiwards, and
verified the facts of which I speak. Among other
families under the shelter of this fort, was that
of two brothers, their names Pearce, natives ot
one of the New England States. They were
consideiate, reflecting, cleai -sighted men, cautious
and biave.
In the Fnday night preceding the Monday on
which the fort was surprised, they were con-
vinced, by the fierce and peculiar growling of the
dogs, that the Indians were about—that they weie
examining the place preparatory to an attack
upon it; and they weie convinced, fiom the neg-
ligence which pievailed at the fort, that it might
be surprised. These brothers had a saw mill two
miles off, and for its protection a block house
near to it. They concluded that they would be
safer in their own block house, with their four or
five rifles, than in a fort so negligently guarded
This was Friday night; on Saturday morning
they acted on this belief, they removed their
household to the block house; and, at twelve
o'clock on Monday, Fort Mimms was surprised
and taken. Hearing the firing, one of the brothers
mounted a hoise, rode down to the scene, sat in
a copse of wood, saw the rifle, the knife, and the
hatchet dispatching the children, the women, and
the men, as the flames of the burning fort drove
