1639.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
25th Cong....3d Sess.
are within its jurisdiction, acknowledge its in-
justice, and deprecate its continuance; while mil-
lions of freemen deplore its existence, and look
forward with strong hope to its final termination.
Slavery ! a word like a secret idol, thought too
obnoxious or sacred to be pronounced'here but
by those who worship at its shrine; and should
one who is not such a worshiper happen toj
pronounce the word, the most disastrous con- j
sequences are immediately predicted, the Union i
is to be dissolved, and the South to take care of |
itself.                                                                              j
Do not suppose, Mr. President, that I feel as if ;
engaged in a forbidden or improvident act.    No
such thing.   I am contending with a local and
"peculiar*' interest, an interest which hasalready
banded together a force sufficient to seize upon
every avenue by which a petition can enter this
Chamber, and exclude all without its leave.    I
am not now contending for the rights of the ne-
gro—rights which his  Creator  gave him, and
which bis fellow-man has usurped or taken away.
No, sir; I am contending for the rights of the j
white person in the free States, and am endeav- i
oring to prevent them from being trodden down
and destroyed by that power which claims the
black person as property.   I am endeavoring to
sound the' alarm to my fellow-citizens that this
power, .tremendous as it is, is endeavoring to
unite itself with the'morieyed power of the coun-
try, in order to extend its dominion and' perpet- !
uate its existence.    I am endeavoring to drive !
from the back of the negro slave the politician j
who has seated himself there to ride into office j
for the purpose of carrying out the object of this ;
unholy combination.   The chains of slavery are ]
sufficiently strong, without being riveted anew
by tinkering politicians in the free States.    I feel !
myself compelled into this contest, in defense of ]
the institutions of my own State, the persons and ;
firesides of her citizens, from the insatiable grasp '
of the slave power, as being used and felt in the .
free States.    To say that I am opposed to slavery ¡
in  the abstract, are  but cold  and  unmeaning I
words.    If,  however, capable of any meaning
whatever, thoy may fairly be construed into alove
for its existe'neo; and such I sincerely believe to be
the feeling of many in the free States who use
the phrase.    I, sir, am not only opposed tosla-'
very in the abstract, but also in its whole volume,
in its theory as well as practice.   This principle
is deeply implanted within me; it has "giown
with   my  growth,  and  strengthened  with  my
strength."
In my infant years I learned to hate slavery.
Your fathers taught me it was wrong in their
Declaration of Independence, the doctrines which '
they promulgated to the world,and upon the truth ]
of which they staked the issue of the contest that '
made us a nation.   They proclaimed " that all
men are' created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that
amongst these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness."   These truths,as solemnly declared
by them, I believed then, and believe now. They
are self-evident. Who can acknowledge this, and
not be opposed to slavery?    It is, then, because
I love the principles which brought your Gov-
ernment into existence, and which have become
the corner-stone of the building supporting you,
sir, in that chair, and giving to myself and other
Senators seats in this body—it is because I love
all this, that 1 hate slavery.    Is it because I con-
tend for the right of petition, and am opposed to
slavery, that I have been denounced by many as
an Abolitionist?  Yes; Virginia newspapers have
so denounced me, and called upon the Legislature
of my State to dismiss me from public confidence.
Who taught me' to hate slavery and every other
oppression?   Jefferson, the great and the good
Jefferson!    Yes, Virginia Senators, it was your
own Jefferson, Virginia's favorite son; a man
who did more' for the natural liberty of man, and
the civil liberty'of his country, than any man
that ever lived in. our" country; it was him who
taught me to hate slavery; it was in his school I
was  brought up.    That Mr.  Jefferson  was  as ¡
much opposed to slavery as any man that ever j
lived in our country, there can be no doubt; his |
life and writings abundantly prove the fact.    I ',
hold in my hand a copy, as he penned it, of the I
original draft of the Declaration of Independence, 1
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Morris.
a part of which was stricken out, as lie says, in
compliance with the wishes of South Carolina
and Georgia. I will read it. Speaking of the
wrongs done us by the British Government/in
introducing slaves among us, he says:
"He [the British Kins] lias waged crnel war against
human nature itself, violating its most sacred right of life
and liberty in the persons of a distant prople who never
offen led him, captivating and carrying them into siaveR?
in another hemisphere, or to incur miserable death in their
transportation thither. This piratical warfare, the oppro-
brium of infidel Powers, is the warfare of the Christian
King of Great Britain. Determined to keep open a market
where men should be bought and sold, he has prostituted
his prerogative for suppressing every legislative attempt to
prohibit or restrain this execrable commerce ; and that t'lis
assemblage of horrors might want no fact of distinguished
dye, he is now exciting those very people to rise m arms
against us, and .purchase that liberty of Which be has de-
prived them by murdering the people on whom he also ob~
tiuded them, thus paying off foimer crimes committed
against the liberties oí one people with crimes which he
urges them to commit against the lives of another."
Thus far this great statesman and philanthro-
pist. Had his cotemporaries been ruled by his
opinions, the country had now been at rest on this
exciting topic. What Abolitionist, sir, has used
stronger language against slavery than Mr. Jef-
ferson has done? "Cruel war against human
nature,"" violating its most sacred rights," "pi-
ratical warfare, ""opprobrium of infid'elPowers,"
" a market where men should be bought and
sold," "execrable commerce," " assemblage of
horrors," " crimes committed against the liberty
of a people," are the brands which Mr. Jeffer-
son has burned into the forehead of slavery and
the slave trade. When have I, or any other
person opposed to slavery, spoken in stronger
and more opprobrious terms of slavery than this?
You have caused the bust of this great man to be
placed in the center of your Capitol, in that con-
spicuous part where every visitor must see it,
with its hand resting on the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, engraved upon marble. Why have
you done this ? Is it not mockery ? Or is it to
remind us continually of the wickedness and
danger of slavery ? I never pass that statue with-
out new and increased veneration for the man it
represents, and increased repugnance and sorrow
that he did not succeed in driving slavery entirely
from the country. If I am an Abolitionist, Jef-
ferson made me so; and I only regret that the
disciple should bo so far behind the master, both
in doctrine and practice.
But, sir, other reasons and other causes have
combined to fix and establish my principles in
this matter, never, I trust, to be shaken. A free
State was the place of my birth; a free Territory
the theater of my juvenile actions. Ohio is my
country endeared to me by every fond recollec-
tion. She gave me political existence, and taught
me in her political school; and I should be worse
than an unnatural son did I forget or disobey her
precepts. In her constitution it is declared "that
all men are born equally free and independent,"
and " that there shall be neither slavery nor in-
voluntary servitude in the State, otherwise than
for the punishment of crimes." Shall I stand
up for slavery in any case, condemned as it is by
such high authority as this? No, never! But
this is not all. Indiana, our younger western
sister, endeared to us by every social and politi-
cal tie, a State formed in the same country as
Ohio, from whose territory slavery was forever
excluded by the ordinance of July, 1787—she,
too, has declared her abhorrence of slavery in
more strong and emphatic terms than we have
done. In her constitution, after prohibiting sla-
very, or involuntary servitude being introduced
into the State, she declares, "but as to the holding
any part of the human creation in slavery, or in-
voluntary servitude, can originate only in tyranny
and usurpation, no alteration of her constitution
should ever take place, so as to introduce slavery
or involuntary servitude into the State, otherwise
than for the punishment of crimes whereof the
party had been duly convicted." Illinois and
Michigan also formed their constitutions on the
sameprinciples. After such a cloud of witnesses
against slavery and whose testimony is so clear
and explicit, as a citizen of Ohio, I should be
recreant to every principle of honor arid of jus-
tice, to be found the apologist or advocate of sla-
very in any State, or in any country whatever.
No, I cannot be so inconsistent as to say I am
SéNjVÍE.'
opposed to slavery in the abstract, in its separa-
tion from a human being, and still lend my aid to
build it up, and make it perpetual in its opera- '
tions and effects upon man in this or any other
country.
I also, in early life, saw a slave kneel before his
master, and hold up his hands with as much ap-
parent submission, humility, and adoration, as a
man would have done before his Maker, while his
master, with outstretched rod, stood' over him.
This, I thought, is slavery—one map subjected'
to the will and power of another, and" the laws
affording him no protection; and he lias to beg
pardon of man, because he has offended man, (not
the laws,) as if his masterwere a superior and #11
powerful being. Yes, this is slavery—bpast'ed
American slavery—without which, it is contended
even here that the union of these States would be
dissolved in a day; yes, even in an hour ! Hu-
miliating thought, that we are bound together as
States by the chains of slavery! It cannot be;
the blood and the tears of slavery form no part
of the cement of our "Union; and it is hoped that
by falling on its bands they may never corrode
and eat them asunder. We who are opposed to,
and deplore the existence q£ slavery in our coun-
try, are frequently asked, both, in" public and prii
vate, what have you'to do with slavery?" It does'
not exist in your State; it does no.tjipsturb.yQu!"
Ah, sir, would to God it were so—that yiilh&d,
nothing to do with slavery, nothing lo fear,' from
its power or action within our own borders, that
its name and its miseries were urjpjíiwn ío us.
But this is not our lot; we live upon itp borders,
and in hearing of its cries; yet, we are unwilling'
to acknowledge, that if we enter its territories ahtj"
violate its laws, that we should be punished atits
pleasure. We do not complain of this, though,
it might well be considered just ground of com-
plaint. It is our firesides, our rights, our privi-
leges, the safety of our friends, as well as the
sovereignty and independence of our State, that
we are now called upon to protect and defend.
The slave interest has at this moment the whole
power of the country in its hands. It claims the
President as a northern man with southern feel-
ings, thus making the Chief Magistrate the head
of an interest, or a party, and "not of .the country
and the people at large. It has the cabinet of the
President, three members of which aré from slave
States, and one who wrote a book iij favor,of
southern slavery, but which .fell dead .from the
press, a book which I have seen, .in my.'owdfimi-
ily, thrown musty upon the, shelf.     %     ;
Here, then, is a decided majority in 'f&vorof'
the slave interest. It was five out of nine jiidgéá
of the Supreme Court; here, also, is á majority
from the slave States. It has, with the President
of the Senate, and the Speaker of the "House of
Representatives, and the clerks of both Houses,
the Army and the Navy; and the bureaus have,
1 am told, about the same proportion. One would,
suppose that, with all this power operating in
this Government, it would be content to permit—
yes, I will use the word permit—it would be con-
tent to permit us, who live in the free States, to
enjoy our firesides and our homes in quietness;
but this is not the case. The slaveholders and
slave laws claim that as property which the free
States know only as persons,- a reasoning prop-
erty, which, of its own will and mere motion, is
frequently found in our Stales; and upon which
thing we sometimes' bestow food and raiment if
it appear hungry and perishing, believing it to be
ahuman being; this perhaps is owing to our want
of vision to discover the process by which a man
, is converted into a thing. For this act of ours,
which is not prohibited by our laws, but prompted
by every feeling, Christian and humane, the slave-
holding power enters our territory, tramples under
foot the sovereignty of our State, violates the
sanctity of private residence, seizes our citizens,
and, disregarding the authority of our laws, trans-
ports them into its own jurisdiction, casts them
into prison, confines them in fetters, and loads
them with chains, for pretended offenses against
their own laws, found by willing grand juries
upon the oath (to use the language of the late
Governor of Ohio) of a perjured villain.. Is this
fancy, or is ¡t fact, sober reality, solemn fact?
Need I say all this, and much more, is now mat-
ter of history in the case of the Rev. Jbiin B.
