1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Morris.
Senate.
on abolition petition^ heretofore, have not been
the most wise and prudent course. They ought
to have been referred and acted on. Such was
my object, a day or two since, when I laid on
your tablea resolution to refer then? to a com-
mittee for inquiry. You did not suffer it, sir, to
be printed The country and posterity will
judge between the people whom I represent and
those who caused tobe printed the petition fiom
the city It cannot be possible that justice can
have been done in both cases. The exclusive
legislation of Congress over the District is as
much the act of the constituent body as the gen-
eral legislation of Congress ovei the States, and
to the opeiation of this act have the people with-
in the Distnot submitted themselves I cannot,
however, join the Senator that the majority, in
refusing to receive and refer petitions, did not
intend to destroy or impair the right in this pai-
ticular.    They certainly have done so
The Senatoi admits the Abolitionists are now
formidable, that something must be done to pro-
duce harmony. Yes, sir, do justice, and har-
mony will be lestored Act impartially, that
justice may be done ¡hear petitions on both sides,
if they are offered, and give righteous judgments,
and your people will be satisfied. You cannot
compromise them out of their rights, nor lull
them to sleep with fallacies in the shape of re-
ports You cannot conquer them by rebuke,
nor deceive them by sophistry. Remember you
cannot now turn public opinion, nor can you
overthrow it. You must, and you will, abandon
the high ground you have taken, and íeceive
petitions The reason of the case, the argument,
and the judgment of the people, are a'l against
you One in thiscausecan " chase a thousand,"
and the voice of justice will be heaid whenever
you agitate the subject. In Indiana, the light of
petition has been most nobly advocated in a pro-
test, by a meinbei, against some puny íesolu-
tions of the Legislature of that State to white
wash slavery. Permit me to read a paragraph,
worthy of an American freeman:
" Bat who would have thought until lately that any would
have doubted the right of petition, m a respectful manner
to Congress' Who would have believed that Congi ess had
any authority to refuse to consider the petmons oí the peo
pie? Such a step would overthrow tht Autocrat of Russia,
or cost the G-and Seignior of Constantinople Ins head
Can it be possible, therefore, that it has been reserved for
a republican Government, m a laud boasting ol its free in
etitutions, to set the first precedent of this kind ? Our city
councils, our courts of justice, evcrv department of Gov
eminent, aie approached by petition, however unansvver
able or absurd, so tint us terms are rcspi ctlul None go
away unread or unheard The lift of ev< ry individual is a
perfect il'ustration of the subject of petitioning Petition
is the language of want, of pun, of sorrow, of man in all
Ins sad variety of woes, nnploi ing relief at the hand of some
power superior to himself Petitioning is the foundation
of all government, and of all administrations of law Yet
it has been reserved for our Congress, seconded indirectly
by the vote of this legislature, to question this right, hither
to supposed to be so old, so Heaven deeded, so undoubted
that our tathers did not think it necessary to place a guar
antee of it jn the first draft of the Federal Constitution
Yet this sacred right has been at one blow duven de
stroyed, and trodden under the feet oí slavery The old
bulwarks of our Tederal and State constitutions seem utterly
to have been forgotten which declare* , 'that the fieedom
of speech and the press shall not be abridged, nor the right
ot the people peaceably to assemble and petition for the
redress of their grievances 3 "
These, sir, aie the sentiments which make Abo-
litionists formidable, and set at naught all your
councils for their overthrow. The honorable
Senator not only admits that Abolitionists are
formidable, but that they consist of three classes
The fuends of humanity and justice, or those ac-
tuated by those principles, compose one class
These form a very numerous class, and the ac-
knowledgment of the Senator proves the immuta-
ble principles upon which opposition to slavery
rests Men are opposed to it from principles of
humanity and justice, men are Abolitionists, he
admits, on that account We thank the Senator
toi teaching us that word, we intend to impiove
it The next class of Abolnionists, the Senator
save, aie so, apparently, for the puipose of advo-
cating the light of petition What aie we to un
deistand fiom this > That the right of petition
needs advocacy. Who has denied this right, or
who has attempted to abridge it? The slavehold
ing powei, that power which avoids open discus
sion and the free exercise of opinion, it is that
power alone which renders the advocacy of the
right of petition necessary, having seized upon all
the powers of the Government. It is fast uniting
together those opposed to its iron rule, no matter
to what political paity they have heretofore be-
longed, they are united with the first class, and
act fiom principles of humanity and justice, and
if the mists and shades of slavery was not the
atmospheie in which gentlemen were enveloped,
they would see constant and increasing numbers
of our most worthy and intelligent citizens attach-
ing themselves to the two classes mentioned, and
rallying under the bannersof Abolitionism. They
aie compelled to go there, if the gentleman will
have it so, in Older to defend and perpetuate the
liberties of the country. The hopes of the op-
pi essed spring up afresh from this discussion of
the gentleman.
The third class, the Senator says, are those
who, to accomplish their ends, act without regard
to consequences. To them, all the rights of
property, of the States, of the Union, the Sen-
ator says, are nothing He says they aim at
other objects than those they profess—emanci-
pation in the District of Columbia. No, says the
Senatoi, their object is universal emancipation, not
only in the District, but in the Territories and m
the States. Their object is to set free three mil-
lions of negro slaves. Who made the Senator,
in his place here, the censor of his fellow-citi-
zens'1 Who authorized him to chaige them with
other objects than those they profess ! How long
is it since the Senator himself, on this floor, de-
nounced slavery as an evil} What other induce-
ments or objects had he then in view ' Suppose
universal emancipation to be the object of these
petitioners is it not anoble and piatseworthy ob-
ject, woithy of the Christian, the philanthropist,
the statesman, and the citizen? But the Senator
says, they (the petitioners) aim to excite one por-
tion of the country against anothei I deny, sir,
this charge, and call for the proof, it is gratuitous,
uncalled foi, and unjust towards my fellow citi-
zens. This is the language of a stucken con-
science, seeking for the palliation of its own acts
by charging guilt upon otheis. It is the language
of those who, failing in argument, endeavor to
cast suspicion upon the character of their oppo-
nents, in order to draw public attention from
themselves. It is the language of disguise and
concealment, and not that of fair and honorable
investigation, the object of which is tiuth. I
again put in a broad denial to this charge, that
any portion of these petitioners, whom I repre-
sent, seek to excite one portion of the country
against another, and, without proof I cannot ad-
mit that the assertion of the honorable Senator
establishes the fact Itis but opinion, and naked
asseition only.
The Senator complains that the means and
views of the Abolitionists are not confined to se-
curing the right of petition only, no, they resort
to other means, he affirms—to the ballot box—and
if that fail, says the Senator, their next appeal
will be to the bayonet Sn, no man who is an
Ameucan in feeling and in heart, but ought to re-
pel this charge instantly, and without any resei-
vation whatever, that if they fail at the ballot box
they will tesort to the bayonet. If such afiatra-
eidal course should ever be thought of in our
country, it will not be by those who seek redress
of wrongs, by exercising the right of petition, but
by those only who deny that right to others, and
seek to usurp the whole powei of the Govern-
ment. If the ballot box fail them, the bayonet
may be their resort, as mobs and violence now
are Does the Senator believe that any poition
of the honest yeomanry of the country entertain
such thoughts ' I hope he does not. If thoughts
of this kmd exist, they are to be found in the
hearts of aspirants to office, and their adherents,
and none others. Who, sn, is making this ques-
tion a political aifair? Not the petitioners It was
the slaveholdmg power which first made this |
move I have noticed for some time past that
many of the public pants in this city, as well as
elsewhere, have been filled with essays against
Abolitionists for excieising the rights of fieemen.
Both political paities, howevei, have couited
them inpindteand denounced them in public,
and both have equally deceived them And who
shall dare say that an Abolitionist has no right to
carry his principles to the ballot-box '    Whofears
the ballot-box 1 The honest ir heart, the lover of
our countiy and Us institutions? lío, su ' It is
feared by the tyrant, he who usurps power,and
seiz.es upon the liberty of others, he, for one, fears
the ballot-box Where is the slave tp paity in
this country who is so lost to his own dignity, or
so conupted by interest or power, that he does
not, or will not, carry his principles and his judg-
ment into the ballot box ' Such a one ought to
have the maik of Cain in his forehead, and sent
to labor among the negro slaves of the South.
The honorable Senator seems anxious to take
under his caie the ballot-box, as he has the slave
system of the country, and direct who shall or
who shall not use it for the redress of what they
deem a political grievance. Suppose the power
of the Executive chair should take under us care
the right of voting, and should prosenbe any
poition of our citizens who should carry with
them to the polls of election their own opinions,
creeds, and doctrines. This would at once be a
deathblow to our liberties, and the remedy could
only be found in revolution There can be no
excuse or pretext for revolution while the ballot-
box is free. Our Government is not one of force,
but of principle; its foundation rests upon public
opinion, and its hope is in the morality of the
nation. The moral power of that of the ballot-
box is sufficient to correct all abuses. Let me,
then, proclaim here, from this high aiena, to the
citizens not only of my own State, but to the
country, to all sects and paities who are entitled
to the right of suffrage, to the ballot-box 1 carry
with you honestly your own sentiments respect-
ing the welfare of your country, and make them
operate as effectually as you can, through that
medium, upon its policy and for its prosperity.
Fear not the frowns of power. It trembles while
it denounces you.
The Senator complains that the Abolitionists
have associated with the politics of the country.
So far as I am capable of judging, this chaige is
not well founded, many politicians of the coun-
try have used Abolitionists as stepping-stones to
mount into power, and, when there, have turned
about and traduced them. He admits that polit-
ical parties are willing to unite with them any
class of men, in order to carry their purposes.
Are Abolitionists, then, to blame if they pursue
the same course' It seems the Senator is willing
that his party should make use of even Abolition-
ists ; but he is not willing that Abphtiomstashould
use the same party for their purpose TJois seems
not to be in accordance with that equality of rights
about which we heard so much at the last ses-
sion. Abolitionists have nothing to feár. If pub-
lic opinion should be for them, politicians will be
around and amongst them as th'ck and as noisy
as the locusts of Egypt. The Senator seems to
admit that, if the Abolitionists are joined to either
political party, there is danger—danger of what'
That humanity and justice will pievail? that the
light of petition will be secured to all, equally >
and that the long lost and trodden Afucan race
will be restored to their natural lights? Would
the Senator regret to see this accomplished by ar-
gument, persuasion, and the force of an enlight-
ened public opinion? I hope not, and these peti-
tioners ask the use of no other weapons in this
warfate.
These ultra-Abolitionists, says the Senator, in-
voke the power of this Government to then aid
And pray, sir, what power should they invoke '
Have they not the same right to approach this
Government as other men ? Is the Senator or
this body authonzed to deny them any privileges
secured to other citizens? If so, let him show
me the charter of hi power, and I will be silent.
Until he can do this, 1 shall uphold, justify, and
sustain them, as I do othei citizens To  exer-
cise of power by Congress in behalf of the blaves
within this District, the Senator seems to thmk
no one without the District has th" least claim to
ask for It l* because I ícside without the Dis-
trict, and am called t'ithin it by the Constitution,
that I object to the existence of sla< ery heie I
deny the gentleman's position, then, on this point.
On this, then, we aie equal The Senatoi, how-
e\fi,is at wai with himself He contends the
ob,ect of tnc cession bv the States of Virgana and
Maryland was to establish a seat of Government
otiiij, and to give to Congress whatever power was
