174                                         APPENDIX TO THL CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             [February 9,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
fears and not to their judgment. There is no
principle of morality or justice that should require
them or our citizens generally to do so. To free
a slave is to take from usurpation that which it
has made property and given to another, and be-
stow it upon the rightful owner. It is not taking
property from its true owner for public use.
Men can do with their own as they please, to
vary their peace if they wish, but cannot bo com-
pelled to do so.
The gentleman repeats the assertion that has
been repeated a thousand and one times—that
Abolitionists are retarding the emancipation of
the slave, and have thrown it back fifty or a hun-
dred years; that they have increased the rigors
of slavery, and caused the master to treat his
slave with more severity. Slavery, then, is to
cease at some period; and because the Abilition-
ists have said to the slaveholder, "Now is the
accepted time," and because he thinks this an
improper interference, and not having the Abo-
litionist in his power, he inflicts his vengeance on
his unoffending slave. The moral of this story
is, the slaveholder will exercise more cruelty
because he is desired to show mercy. 1 do not
envy the Senator the full benefit of his argument.
It is no doubt a true picture of the feelings and
principles which slavery engenders in the breast
of the master. It is in perfect keeping with the
threat we almost daily hoar, that if petitioners
do not cease their efforts in the exercise of their
constitutional rights, others will dissolve the
Union. These,however, oughtalltobe esteemed
idle assertions and idle threats.
The Senator tells us that the consequences
arising from the freedom of slaves would be to
reduce the wages of the white laborer. lie has
furnished us with neither data nor fact upon
which this opinion can rest. He, however, would
draw a line, on one side of which he would place
the slave labor, and on the other free white labor;
and looking over the whole, as a general system,
both would appear on a perfect equality. I have
observed, for some years past, that the southern
slaveholder has insisted that his laborers are, in
point of integrity, morality, usefulness, and com-
fort, equal to the laboring population of the
North—thus endeavoring to raise the slave, in
public estimation, to an equably with the Ace
while laborer of the North; while, on the other
hand, the northern aristocrat has, in the same
manner, viz: by comparison, endeavored to re-
duce Ins laborers to the moral and political con-
dition of the slaves of the South. It is for the
free white American citizens to determine wheth-
er they will permit such degrading comparisons
longer to exist. _ Already has this" spirit broken
forth in denunciation of the right of universal
suffrage. Will free white laboring citizens
take warning before it is too late?
The last, the great, the crying sin of Aboli-
tionists, in the eyes of the Senator, is that they
are opposed to colonization, and in favor of amal-
gamation. It is not necessary to enter now into
any of the benefits and advantages of coloniza-
tion; the Senator has pronounced it the noblest
scheme ever devised by man; he says it is pow-
erful but harmless. I have no knowledge of any
resulting benefits from the scheme to either race.
I have not a doubt as to the real object intended
by its founders, it did not arise from principles
of humanity and benevolence towards the colored
race, but a desire to remove the free of that race
beyond the united States, in order to perpetuate
and make slavery more secure. The Senator
further maltes the broad charge, that Abolitionists
wish to enforce the unnatural system of amalga-
mation. We deny the fact, and call on the Sen-
ator for proof. The citizens of the free States,
the petitioners against slavery, the Abolitionists
of the free States in favor of amalgamation ! No,
sir! If you want evidence of the fact, and rea-
soning in support of amalgamation, you must look
into the slave States; it is there it spreads and
flourishes from slave mothers, and presents all
possible colors and complexions, from the jet
black African to the scarcely-to-be-distinguished
white person. Does any one need proof of this
fact? Let him take but a few turns through the
streets of your capital, and observe those whom
he shall meet, and he will be perfectly satisfied.
Amalgamation indeed!   The charge is made with
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Morris.
a very bad grace on the present occasion. No,
sir, it is not the negro woman, it is the slave and
the contaminating influence of slavery that is the
mother of amalgamation. Does the gentleman
want facts on this subject? Let him look to the
colored race in the free States; it is a rare occur-
rence there. A colony of blacks, some three or
four hundred, were settled, some fifteen or'twenty
years since, in the county of Brown, a few miles
distant from my former residence in Ohio, and I
was told by a person living near them, a country
merchant with whom they dealt, when convers-
ing with him on this very subject, that he knew
of but one instance of a mulatto child being born
amongst them for the last fifteen years; and I ven-
ture the assertion, had the same colony been set-
tled in a slave State, the cases of a like kind would
have been far more numerous. I repeat again,
in the words of Dr. Chanriing, it is a slave coun-
try that reeks with licentiousness of this kind,
and for proof I refer to the opinions of Judge
Harper, of North Carolina, in his defense of
southern slavery.
The Senator, as if fearing that he had made his
charge too broad, and might fail in proof to sus-
I tain it, seems to stop short, and make the inquiry,
where is the process of amalgamation to begin;
he had heard of no instance of the kind against
Abolitionists; they (the Abolitionists) would be-
gin it with the laboring class; and if I understand
the Senator correctly, th at abolition ism, by throw-
ing together the white and the black laborers,
would naturally produce this result. Sir, I regret,
I deplore, that such a charge should be made
against the laboring class—that class which tills
the ground, and, in obedience to the decree of their
Maker, eat their bread in the sweat of their face
—that class, as Mr. Jefferson says, if God has a
chosen people on earth, they are those who thus
labor. This charge is calculated for effect, to in-
duce the laboring class to believe that if emanci-
pation takes place, they will be, in the free States,'
reduced to the same condition as the colored la- \
borer. The reverse of that is the truth of the caso. \
It is the slaveholder now, lie who looks upon
labor as only fit for a servile race, it is him and
his kindred spirits who live upon the labor of |
others, endeavoring to reduce the white laborer to :
the condition of the slave. They do not yet claim !
him as property,but they would exclude him fioni j
all participation m the public affairs of the conn- j
try. It is further said that if the negroes were ;
fiee, the black would riml the white laborer in
the free States. I cannot believe it, while so many
facts exist to prove the contrary. Negroes, like
the white race, but with stronger feelings, are
attached to the place of their birth, and the home
of their youth; nnd the climate of the South is
congenial to their natures, more than that of the
Noith. If emancipation should take place at the
South, and the negro be freed, from the fear of
being made merchandise, they would remove from
the free States of the North and West, immediately
return to that country, because it is the home of
their friends and fathers. Already in Ohio, as far
as my knowledge extends, has free white labor
(emigrants) from foreign countries, engrossed
almost entirely all situations in which male or
female labor is found. But, sir, this plea of ne-
cessity and convenience is the plea of tyrants.
Has not the free black person the same right to
the use of his bands as the white person; the same
right to contract and labor for what price he
pleases? Would the gentleman extend the power
of the Government to the regulation of the pro-
ductive industry of the country? This was -his
former theory, but put down effectually by the
public voice. Taking advantage of the prejudice
against labor, the attempt is now being made to
begin this same system, by first operating on the
poor black laborer. For shame! let us cease
from attempts of this kind.
The Senator informs us that the question was
asked fifty years ago that is now asKed, can the
negro be continued forever in bondage. Yes; and
it will continue to be asked, in still louder and
louder tones. But, says the Senator, we are yet
a prosperous and happy nation. Pray, sir, in what
part of your country do you find this prosperity
and happiness? In the slave States' No, no! ¡
There all is weakness, gloom, and despair, while j
in the free States all is light, business, and activ- '
Senate.
ity. What has created the astonishing difference
between thegentleman'sStateand mine; between
Kentucky and Ohio? Slavery, the withering curse
of slavery, is upon Kentucky, while Ohio is free.
Kentucky, the garden of the West, almost the
land of promise, possessing all the natural advan-
tages, and more than is possessed by Ohio, is
vastly behind in population and wealth. Sir, I
can see from the windows of my upper chamber,
in the city of Cincinnati, lands in Kentucky which,
I am told, can be purchased from ten to fifty dol-
lars per acre, while lands of the same quality,
under the same improvements, and the same dis-
tance from me in Ohio, would probably sell from
one to five hundred dollars per acre. I was told
by a friend, a few days before I left home, who
had formerly resided in the county of Bourbon,
Kentucky—a most excellent county of lands, ad-
joining, I believe, the county in which the Sen-
ator resides—that the white population of that
county was more than four hundred less than it
was live years since. Will the Senator contend,
after a knowledge of these facts, that slavery in
this country has been the cause of our prosperity
and happinees? No, he cannot. It is because
slavery has been excluded and driven from a
large proportion of our country that we are a
prosperous and happy people.
But its late attempts to force its influence and
power into the free States, and deprive our citi-
zens of their unquestionable rights, has been the
moving cause of all the riots, burnings, and mur-
ders that have taken place on account of Aboli-
tionism; and it has, in some degree, even in the
free States, caused mourning, lamentation, and
woe. Remove slavery, and the country, the
whole country, will recover its natural vigor, and
our peace and future prosperity will be placed on
a more extensive, safe, and sure foundation. It
is a waste of time to answer the allegations that
the emancipation of the negro race would induce
them to make war on the white race. Every fact
m the history of emancipation proves the leverse;
and he that will not believe those facts, has dark-
ened his own understanding, that the light of
reason can make no impression; he appeals to
interest, not to truth, for information on this sub-
ject. Wc do not fear his errors while we are left
free to combat them. The Senator implores us to
cease all commotion on this subject. Are we to
sunender/all our rights and privileges, all the offi-
cial stations of the country, into the hands of the
slaveholding power, without a single struggle?
Are we to cease all exertions for our own safety,
and submit in quiet to the rule of this power? Is
the calm of despotism to reign over this land, and
the voice of freemen to be no more heard ? This
sacrifice is required of us in order to sustain sla-
very. Freemen, will you make it? Will you
shut your ears and your sympathies, and with-
hold from the poor, famished slave a morsel of
bread? Can you thus act and expect the bless-
ings of Heaven upon your country? I beseech
you to consider for yourselves.
Mr. President, I have been compelled to enter
into this discussion from the course pursued by
the Senate on the resolution I submitted a few
days since. The cry of Abolitionist has been
raised against me. If those resolutions are abo-
litionism, then am I an Abolitionist from the soles
of my feet to the crown of my head. If to main-
tain the rights of the States, the security of the
citizen from violence and outrage, if to preserve
the supremacy of the laws, if insisting on the
right of petition as a medium through which
every person subject to the laws has an undoubted
right to approach the constitutional authorities of
the country, be the doctrines of Abolitionists, they
find a response in every beating pulse in my
viens. Neither power, nor favor, nor want, nor
misery, shall deter me from its support while the
vital current continues to flow.
Condemned at home for my opposition to sla-
very, alone and single handed here, well may I feel
tremor and emotion in bearding this lion of sla-
very in his very den and upon his own ground.
I should shrink, sir, at once from this fearful and
unequal contest, was I not thoroughly convinced
that I am sustained by the power of truth and
the best interests of the country.
I listened to the Senator from Kentucky with
undivided attention.    I was disappointed, sadly
