isa
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 16,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr> Norvett.
Senate.
egaindt the outrages perpetrated by a few public
officers at popular elections, it.never entered the
mind of a Republican statesman, till the present
day, to pass penal and proscriptive laws for their
prevention and punishment. It was reserved for
these enlightened days, these times of Opposition
punty, to suggest the extraordinary enactments
proposed in the bill now before the Senate. The
model for this measure, Mr. President, has been
sought and discovered in British history. It has
been drawn from the ancient code of omnipotent
British parliamentary law. Principle for princi-
ple, word for word, letter for letter, the. glorious
model has beenTaithfully transcribed. Sir, there
is no measure of proscription, there is no attack
upon the freedom of individual opinion, there is
no degree of punishment, which may not find its
precedent in British history, in the reigns of the
queens and kings in which the Senator from Ken-
tucky, h$s so industriously hunted up the proto-
type of his bill. If, says this bill, in effect, your
public officer expresses an opinion, remove him
from office. If lie mingles with his fellow-citi-
zens, and exorcises his constitutional right to tell
them what he thinks of men or measures, of this
candidate or that candidate for their suffrages, fine
him, and imprison him until he can pay the fine.
If he advances an argument to his fellow-coun-
trymen; if he persuades or dissuades liini, cut off
his head, sir; disable him from ever holding an-
other public office. You will find precedents for
all these things in British history, in the prodígate
reigns of male tyrants, and of female tyrants,
too, in the fast-anchored isle.
Sir, what is the mischief of which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] complains;
and what the remedy which his bill suggests for
that mischief? The evil is " the interference of
certain Federal officers in elections." Well,sir,
I unreservedly admit that partial abuses have been
committed in this way. I admit that partial evils
sprin*g from this source. But in this, as in the
other affairs of human life, "all partial evil ' 
universal good." As a matter of propriety and
decorum, from feelings of self-respect and respect
to public opinion, as representatives of the char-
acter and dignity of their Government, your pub-
lic officers are morally bound to speak and to act,
at all limes, will) decorum and due regard to their
fellow-citizens. They are bound to abstain from
noise and brawling in political contests. Sume
of them may occasionally fail in these proper ob-
servances. When they do so fail, the correction
of the evil is found in public opinion. That in-
variably condemns them. That counteracts,
with effect, the transgressions of the public offi-
cer. That excites to greater vigilance, to more
zeal, to still more animated exertions, the citizen
who witnesses and disapproves of any such mis-
conduct. In the increased ardor of the contest,
in the stronger excitement of opposition, the peo-
ple find the appropriate remedy for the evil, and
the ballot-box vindicates their rights, ns well as
public decency, from any outrage which may
have been perpetrated upon them. Besides, sir,
the office-holder may be safely left to the office-
seeker in the conflict of elections. He who is in
pursuit of a favorite object exerts more energy
for its attainment than its possessor does to re-
tain it. Tins is n universal principle of human
nature. The Senator from Kentucky is mis-
taken in supposing that the office-seekers are on
the same side with the office-holders. To a par-
tial extent, bis position on this point is true; but
the great mass of aspirants for office, of those
who are «elite in its pursuit, are in the opposi-
tion.
The Senator, roast remember the outcry with
which these walls resounded during the whole
administration of General Jackson, against the
removals and appointments, made by that Admin-
istration.. That outcry, sir, was echoed and re-
echoed from the Atlantic to the Mississippi, from
the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico. The removals
were declared to be offensive to public purity, to
the patriotism and justice of the country, and' to
the spirit of the Constitution, The "victims"
of this policy, as they were feelingly described,
excited the warmest sympathies of Senators over
the wt}y. They were treated as martyrs to iheir
i.i-inciples and imdepsndence, and received with
open arms into the ranks of the Opposition. The
removals were denounced as all wrong! The
incumbents were entitled to a life estate in their
places, unless they had failed in* the fulfillment
of their official duties. Such, then, was the Whig
doctrine. The principle that " to the victors be-
long the spoils," was pronounced to be odious
in the sight of God and man. Every term of
obloquy was heaped upon the new appointments.
The maledictions of the pure disciples of politi-
cal Whig religion were poured forth upon every
new man brought into office by General Jackson.
The great power of this body was frequently
invoked to veto the presidential nominations.
Well, sir, a stranger in this republican land might
suppose, from these facts and from the speech
of the Senator from Kentucky, that no office-
seekers were to be found among the Opposition;
that its members were too pure to seek or accept
of station; that not a patriot among them would
deign to take an office from which any friend of
the Administration had Ijeen removed for politi-
cal cause. Mr. Presid'-nt, two years ago the lit-
tle State of Rhode Island, one year since the State
of Connecticut, three short months past the Em-
pire State of New York, fell into the hands of the
political friends of Senators over the way. And
what was the immediate result? Sir, in Rhode
Island and Connecticut the Republican incum-
bents were swept by hundreds from office, for
political reasons alone. Was there any diffi-
culty in finding pure and patriotic Whigs to
supply their places? No, sir; the only difficulty
produced by the emergency was in making se- j
lections among the crowds of hungry vultures, |
anxious to fatten upon the public crib. The |
atrocious injustice, the cruel tyranny, of remov- |
als from office, the suffering wives and children, |
the starving families, of the dismissed officers, ',
were forgotten as things of by-gone days. Mem- '<
ory was bathed in the waters of Lethe, and no ;
longer remembered what had been said and sung
prior to the halcyon days of Federal triumph.
In New York, whose able Republican son had
been stigmatized as the proclaimerof the "spoils"
doctrine, towards whom no epithet of Federal
reprobation was loo strong for daily utterance,
the first days of the Whig saturnalia have been
celebrated by the proscription of some of the
best public officers ever confided in by the people
of that or any other Commonwealth. Sir, her
accomplished Secretary of State, the able Comp-
troller of her financial interests, not less remark-
able for his stern integrity and firmness than for
his solid talents, the Treasurer, the Attorney
General, known here as a man of great ability,
and all others that could be stricken down, have
been swept from the board; and no virgin timid-
ity, no coy reluctance, no holy horror of removals
for political cause, no contempt for the spoils of
victory, have presented any obstacle to the ele-
vation of patriotic and office-hating Whigs to
the places vacated by these removals. Indeed,
sir, the public journals tell us that a multitude of
candidates were brought forward, and prepared
to fill each and ail of the stations. Mr. Presi-
dent, I think that, by this time, the Senator from
Kentucky must be willing to admit that the office-
seekers are not all on the side of the Administra-
tion, and that every opposition to every admin-
istration is filled with them. They are ten times
more numerous than the office-holders; and they
are generally more than ft match at elections for
the incumbents of public place. These two
classes are antagonist interests, and may be re-
lied on to counteract the improper efforts and
practices of each other. Between them, the mass
of unaspiring people, the public liberty and rights,
are in very little danger from either.
'fbe remedy for the evils which I have shown
not to be very great, and susceptible of counter-
action without the aid of penal laws, is very par-
tially provided in the bill of the honorable Sen-
ator. "To the end," says the bill, " that the
great powers given to the officers of tlie Federal
Government, and other persons employed in its
service, may not be used for the influencing of
elections, which ought to be free and incorrupt,"
marshals, postmasters, latid officers,public engi-
neers, custom-house officers, and others connected
with these branches of the public serviee, are
prohibited from persuading or dissuading any
elector to give his vote at any election, State or
Federal. They are prohibited from intermeddling
or attempting to influence any of these elections;
and for a violation of this enactment, the offend-
ing officer is subjected to a fine of $500, and dis-
abled from ever after bearing or executing any
office or place of trust whatever under the United
States. For the better encouragement of political
informers, one half of the fine is to be paid as a
reward for the discoveries and disclosures of that
honorable description of spies upon the words and
actions of their fellow-citizens. Shocking, sir,
as this bill is to all my republican notions, of the
equal rights of all classes of the American people,
there is one thing about it which still more palpably
indicates its avowed British origin. With regard
to the Secretaries of Departments, the Attorney
General, the district attorneys, the publishers of
the laws, to say nothing of the members of this
House and the other, the very public men who
possess the greatest powers, and can exercise the
most effective influence over the elections, State
and Federal, are exempted from the operation 
prohibitions, and penalties of this bill. Our
elections may be neither free nor incorrupt from
their influence, their persuasions or dissuasions*
whether they be sent forth from these Halls in
partisan speeches, or directed and brought to bear
upon the people from the hundred batteries of the
official press throughout the States. Precisely
similar was the British statute from which this is
taken. The Ministers of State, the Lords and
Commons, the law officers of the Crown, might
exert all their powers of influence at elections.
They might, through their friends, spend thou-
sands, and tens of thousands, to influence and
control elections. No fine, no penalty, no disa-
bility, could be imposed upon them. Thev were
too high to be reached even by the legislation of
an omnipotent British Parliament. These invid-
ious distinctions between the high and the hum-
ble, the exemption of the aristocratic few, and the
punishment of the mass, who hold and enjoy of-
fice and place, may have well comported with the
spirit of the British Government, but would not
he tolerated in this country, if it were possible to
suppose that this bill could ever become a law of
the land. Our marshals, postmasters, ard col-
lectors, are equal in intelligence, and, I trust, ira
spirit, too, to those who occupy the highest sta-
tions of this Government. And, sir, they will be
more wanting in manly feeling, less farthful to
themselves than I think they are if they do not
bear in perpetual remembrance the authors and
supporters of this bill. They will, I trust," nobly
act what they nobly think."
But, sir, you have no power to pass the bill.
No part of the Federal Constitution confers upoi>
you any authority to interfere, directly or indi-
rectly, with the elective franchise in the Slates.
You have no right to prescribe the qualifications
or conditions upon which any man may vote,
either for President or Vice President, either for
a member of Congress or a member of a State
Legislature. It belongs to the States alone to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters. The Federal
Constitution declares that the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States shall be chosen by
the electors in each State qualified as electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture; that the Senate shall be chosen by the Le-
gislatures of the several States; that the President
and Vice President shall be chosen by electors
appointed in each State, as its Legislature may
direct; and that each House shall be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications, not of
the voters, but of its own members. Congress is
carefully excluded from all legislation as to the
qualifications of electors of both the legislative
and executive branches; of the Federal Govern-
ment. Congress can abndge neither the freedom
of speech nor of the press. Your officers, in ac-
cepting appointments, do not cease to be citizens;
they surrender none of their freedom of speech;
they ear* be restrained only by that sense of pro-
priety and decorum which every gentleman ought
to feel, especially when both his own respecta-
bility and the character of his Government may
be affected by his conduct. A law of Congress,
prohibiting a public officer from debating political
