1839.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
QdTif. Cong....3d Sess.
questions with his fellow-citizens, punishing him
with fines and eternal disabilities for persuading
or dissuading them in regard to their votes at
elections, would far transcend the sedition law in
the enormity of its transgression of the constitu-
tional rights and liberties of the people. The se-
dition law simply provided for the punishment of
slander and seditious publications. This bill en-
acts the punishment of innocent and laudable
opinions expressed by the citizen, if he happens
to be a public officer. Sir, no honorable man
would accept appointment if this bill should be-
come a law. No man of character, no freeman
possessed of the spirit of " the noblest work of
God" would deign to serve you in a public capa-
city with the terrors of this shocking bill of pains
and penalties hanging over him. Your offices
would fall into ignoble, degraded, and worthless
hands. The man who would consent to serve you
at the sacrifice of the most precious of his natural
and constitutional rights, would merit the scorn
and contempt of his fellow-citizens; they would
shun and despise him;
" And put in every honest hand a whip,
To lash the rascal naked through the wnrid."
Sir, that merit, those qualities and talents,which
entitle the citizen to confidence and public station,
are by this bill menaced with proscription and
disability, if thtir possessor shall dare to exer-
cise the liberty of speech common to the humblest
and most elevated member of society, and secured
to all by a special provision in the Federal Con-
stitution. A brand, sir, is fixed upon merit and
ability. This bill divests several classes of pub-
lic officers of all right to use the least freedom of
speech in relation to great questions in which
their own interests nre as deeply involved as those
of any of their fellow-citizens. Your postmasters
and marshals, your collectors and land officers,
are degraded, insulted, and menaced with the loss
of caste in society. Sir, whence do you derive
your power to invade the exclusive prerogative
of the States, under the pretext of protecting the
purity of their elections? Have they demanded
your interposition? Have they failed in their duty
to themselves? And if they had desired your in-
terference; if they had omitted to protect the pu-
rity of the elective franchise, they would have no
fight to call upon you for the exercise of the ex-
traordinary powers assumed in this bill, except
through the medium ofan amendment to the Con-
stitution. Are you wiser, more virtuous, more
pure, than your predecessors for fifty years past?
Are you more enlightened ? Have you a higher
sense of virtue and patriotism than the illustrious
framers of the Federal Charter, under which you
occupy stations in this dignified assembly? Sir,
we seem like children wanting some amusement
for the occupation of our time and minds; and, in
'.he absence of other employment, we have turned
upon the parent States, to whom we owe our ex-
stence, the very breath of our lives in this body,
to tear from them theirpeculiar, exclusive, and sa-
cred guardianship over the elective franchise, the
liberty of speech, and of the press.
But the Senator from Kentucky seems tojustify
the bill, on the ground that a distinction exists
between the public officers and the citizens, and
that the citizen possesses rights which ought not
to belong to the officer. Sir, this argument is not
only a fallacy, but is based upon an assumption
not founded m fact. In accepting office, no man
ceases to be a citizen. The possession of office
neither weakens his intellectual faculties, his
ability to discharge his social and political duties,
nor does it take from him his equal rights and
liberties as a citizen, under the constitution. Sir,
under the pretense of preserving the purity of
elections, this bill is a palpable attack upon the
freedom of sentiment .and opinion. Does the
Constitution, in broadly and unqualifiedly pro-
hibiting Congress from abridging the freedom of
speech or of the press, confer upon Congress a
power to punish twentyor thirty thousand of your
most intelligent and honorable .fellow-citizens for
the exercise of that freedom? Does it give you
any authority to send your informers into the j
domestic sanctuary, there to discover and report, |S
for proscuption and punishment, \vh,at a post- ¡
master or collector may say to persuade or dis- j
suade his neighbor or his son, with regard to his j
vote at a pending election ?                                          I
Interfarcn4& in Elections—Mr. MorvelL
The honorable Senator from Kentucky com-
plains of the asperity and vindictiveness of the
report of the Judiciary Committee on this bill,
and thinks it extraordinary that it should be
treated as a measure of Oriental despotism. He
represents the bill as a very innocent and harm-
less affair, only prohibiting your public officers
from persuading or dissuading their fellow-cit-
izens in relation to their votes at elections, and
rendering them answerable to the courts of jus-
tice for the commission of the offense of speaking
on politics, so terrible to all good Whig patriots,
and yet so common to all men, and to all parties,
in this nation ! Sir, the measure is the very es-
sence of despotism over individual opinion, and
is the worse for the reason that it inflicts a dis-
graceful punishment upon one class of citizens,
for doing what all have a right to do, under the
constitutions of the States and of the United
States. For the expression of a judgment in
favor of one candidate or against another, at an
election, one description of public officers is fined
and rendered forever incapable of holding any
office, while others may say what they please,
may persuade or dissuade any of their fellow-
citizens with entire impunity, at all elections, and
at all times.
But you, Mr. President, it seems, are restrained
from voting in this body, except in the case of
an equal division of its members; and, therefore,
some of your rights have been taken from you;
and, therefore, those of other public officers may
be annihilated! Sir, is it possible that human
ingenuity could so have tortured itself as to dis-
cover any analogy between your case and this
bill? Does the Constitution make you a Sena-
tor? Does it confer upon you a right to mingle
in debate, to speak and vote, in common with
Senators ? As well might the honorable Senator
have illustrated his principle by alluding to the
exclusion of the crowds who daily throng these
galleries from the right of debating and voting in
this Hall. No, sir; what you do here, what
you are prohibited from doing here, flows from
the Constitution of the land. .But are you re-
strained, as this bill restrains other public offi-
cers, from freely discussing any election, from
persuading or dissuading your fellow-citizens in
your dwelling, upon the hustings at the polls?
Is there one word in the Constitution, is there
a word to be found in the law of nature or the
law of God to ,punish any citizen, whether an
officer or a private individual, for uttering his
opinions of candidates selected"to represent the
interests of all, his own, as well as those of his
country?
But collectors cannot be merchants; receivers
cannot purchase public lands; marshals cannot
buy property sold by them under execution.
This, says the honorable Senator, proves that
you may put restraints upon your public officers.
Now, sir, if this were the fact, these restraints
would have altogether a pecuniary character, and
they would be designed to secure the fair and
impartial execution of the official duties of the
officer. They would not affect his opinions, his
free soul, his right to speak, to utter his thoughts,
to commune with his fellow-citizens. The col-
lector could still purchase goods for himself and
his family; the receiver could buy lands from his
neighbor; the marshal could purchase property
anywhere but at the sales where he officiates as
the ministerial officer of justice.
But if these officers do not like the penalties
of this bill, let them resign! Sir, tins argument
of the Senator reminds me of a similar observa-
tion made in the British House of Commons.
Jack Fuller, alluding to the complaints made by
the people against the measures of Parliament
and theMimstry, exclaimed, in debate, with about
as much patriotism as piety, "Those who don't
like England, damn them, let them leave it!"
Sir, I beg pardon; it is not my oath—1 never
swear. The honorable Senator is equally patri-
otic. He tells the public officer whose feelings
are outraged, whose spirit is attempted to be
subdued and broken down by this bill, that if he
dues not ¡ike office upon these tyrannical and
prescriptive terms, let him leave it! Yes,sir; let
honest, high-minded, spirited men, who scorn
yourdegradingpenaltiesuponthoughtand speech,
give up their offices, and let them be filled by the  I
. ""SjEMTB.
base, the abandoned., the degraded outcasts oí
society.- Let your bill drive the independentand
honorable citizen from, public station, and-bring
in the starveling slave, who.would sell his liberty
of speech apd his soul for the crumbs which fell
from the public Treasury.              .              ..    ,-•
I cannot follow the honorable Senator through
all his inappropriate and fanciful illustrations.
Not one of-them appeared to me to be applicable
to the bill before the Senate. But, sir, he spoke
of the Jacobinical doctrines of :the report of my
able friend from New Jersey, This., Mr. Pres-
ident, was an unfortunate epithet. I, sir, am not
very old; but I am old .enough to remember the
language applied by the supporters of the alien
and sedition laws to Mr. Jefferson and the other
friends of liberty, who nobly resisted those at-
tributary measures which distinguished that dark-
est period of our political history. They were
denounced a levelers, anarchists, and Jacobins<
My honorable friend from NewJersey may well
feel proud of the same sort of denunciation from
congenial sources. The bill before us is of a kin-
dred nature with the sedition law. The report
against it will descend to posterity >with -no Ja-
cobinical taint upon it. It is, a sound, #ble, Re-
publican vindication of the equal political rights
of the American people, whether they be. in the
walks of private life, or clothed with the honor 
of public office.                                                 ¡ j    .
But, says the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, the bill does not prohibit the public officer
from voting. It does worse, sir. It- requires
him, if he votes at all,, to creep to the polls -hke.a
guilty culprit, deposit.his vote in the ballot-box,
and return home, silent as the grave". He must
not commune with his fellow-citizens. He-must
not assign to him his reasons for voting. - He
must truly actthe part of a" mute,"and notdare
to open his lips to his friend or neighbor, lest he
may be suspected of persuading or dissuading
him. He must shrink from the manly bearing
which nature and nature's God have stamped
upon him, or suffer the pains and penalties, the
fines and disabilities of this precious Whig bill.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky might as well
have perfected the copy of his British model, by
a clause forbidding the public officer to vote.
If, Mr. President, this interference of public
officers in elections be so pernicious, so odious,
in the eyes of gentlemen, how does it happen that
Kentucky has passed no law to punish the exec-
utive officers of that State for persuading or dis-.
suading others with regard to their votes?- Why
is it that no State in thefjiiionjiasdone-soi The
obsolete statute of New.Jersey, cited by t,kq hon-
orable Senator,applies only to the candidates at
elections. It does not apply to the officers gen-
erally of the State. It is well that it does not.
If I comprehend the history of the late election
in New Jersey, some of the officers, whoso very
fate depended on the result, not only intermeddled
m the elections, but suppressed the votes of
townships, in order to change that result from
what it would have been, if the law, the. duty of
these officers, and common fairness and decency
had been observed.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr,
Rives] the other day brought up Ills columns to
the support of his friend from .Kentucky. He
performed various evolutions, moved down upon
the positions of the Senator from New Jersey
with all the force which be could bring to bear
upon them, and closed his operations by an
abandonmentof the ground occupied by his ally!
The resolutions of the Senator were a sorry strat-
agem to extricate his new political associates
from the difficulty in which the bill had placed
them. I trust, sir, that this Senate will not allow
them to avail themselves of that stratagem, but
will require them to stand or fall upon their own
chosen ground.
The Senator considers this subject to be one
of great importance to the hberties'and destiny of
this country. In his imagination, the report of
my friend from New Jersey, is evidence that the
madness of party is conducting us to the precipice
of a despotism equal to that of the Ktunrts in
England, or the purpled tyrants of imperial
Home. He looks upon the reportas a crc-tAj and
doctrine fatal to public liberty; and his fancy al-
ready bodies forth some American Cajsar, clothed
