1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wall,] with a
flourish, if" we are to understand that Democracy
will bear an infusion of Federalism?"   I answer
yes. Yes, sir, true Democracy will bear an infu-
sion of thatJFederalism which ,when our country is
warring with a foreign or a domestic foe, girds on
its armor, and, sword in hand, goes forth to the
battle-field to encounter its foes, instead of con-
vening at Hartford, or anywhere else, to sell the
country to the invading enemy.   Good Democ-
racy will bear an infusion of that Federalism
which, in all times, will advocate and sustain the
inalienable rights of man, the freedom of con-
science, the freedom of the press, and of religion,
and  of speech.   My  Democracy  will  bear  an
infusion of all that; and if my colleague's will
bear an infusion of the principles contained in
the bill, under discussion, I can only say that
his is a very different Democracy from mine, or
from any I had ever supposed him to possess.   I
consider this bill much worse than the memora-
ble sedition law.   That assailed the freedom of
the press, and permitted the truth to be given in
evidence.    But, sir, this is agaglmo; it is a direct
violation of the Constitution, because it abridges
the freedom of speech, and is demoralizing in its
tendency, by creating a host of miserable spies
and informers.    My colleague objects to the able
report of the committee, because, as he says, it
intimates that such a law might be resisted, and
asks who would resist a law passed with all the
constitutional forms?    I say to him, sir, that /
would.    I say to this Senate, and to the world,
that I would not regard  constitutional  forms i
when the substance was wanting—the Constitu- i
tion violated, and my liberty usurped.    Forms! I
talk not to me of forms !    The alien and sedition
laws had all the forms of the Constitution; and |
had I been on the theater then, I would have re-
sisted them to any and every length, if reason i
and frttifc had not timely prevailed over tyranny i
and injustice.   And, sir, should the odious bill j
on your table become a law, and I ever become j
a public officer, there is no torture, no rack which I
the  inventive  genius  of cruelty could   devise, j
which should compel me to relinquish the rights
which it proposes to usurp.
My colleague complains of some comparison
which has been made between the officers of the
Government and bank officers; he contrasts them,
and gives the preference to the latter, as being
State officers, inasmuch as banks are " ¡state insti-
tutions;" and he asks if it is Democratic to decry
them ? He further tells us that Mr. Jefferson re_-
vered " State institutions;" therefore, of course",
Mr. Jefferson revered State banks ! Sir, I have no
hostility to banks; I would do them no violence
or injustice; let them go on, and trade and spec-
ulate and shock and convulse the country from
time to time; I have nothing to say; but, in the
sense which my colleague means, i totally deny
that they are State institutions. On the contrary,
unless they are checked by legislative power, or
unless, as has ever been my hope, the evil shall
cure itself, they will overshadow, and ultimately
overawe, your legitimate, constitutional State in-
stitutions—the Departments of the Government.
My colleague lias informed the nation that he
was the protege of Mr. Jefferson. 1 stand here to
rescue that great apostle of liberty from the im-
putation that he revered these State institutions—
these State banks. I undertake to say that not a
word that ever escaped his lips or his pen war-
rants the imputation; on the contrary, he thought
them inimical to liberty and to virtue. In the
many volumes which John Taylor, of Caroline,
wrote, there is scarcely a page on which he does
not denounce them; and Mr. Jefferson has sol-
emnly said that that great man had never written
a word to which he did not give his assent. He
said he had read his writings annually, and rec-
ommended to the rising youth of the country to
do the same. But my colleague says that" State
rights" " implies jealousy of Executive power!"
It is strange to me how any person professing,as
he does, to understand and to admire this little
volume, (Madison's Report,) can have fallen into
so gross an error. I have only time to refer him
to that report, to prove how utterly erroneous is
the position. It inculcates on the States a jeal-
ousy of their reserved rights against allana every
department of the General Government, and ut-
Interfercnce in Elections—Mr. Roane.
terly repudiates the idea of special and exclusive
danger from the Executive; and who does not
know Mr. Jefferson's opinions on this subject?
He speaks of danger to State rights from all the
departments of the Federal Government) but says:
"The judiciary is the subtile corps of sappers and miners,
working under ground to undermine the foundations of our
confederated fabric."
No, sir; this exclusive jealousy of Executive
power is not sustained by the Constitution, or any
of its cotemporaneous expounders. It is a part
of modem machinery, worked on the prejudices
of the people, by those who want the very power
they thus repudiate.
My colleague says, " officers of the Govern-
ment are not officers of the people." This, to
me, is a new and strange doctrine ! Whose offi-
cers, I ask, are they ? Whose officer is he at this
moment? Whose officer was he when he was
Minister to France ? Why, surely, the officer of
the people of the United States. According to
nis doctrine, that no man not immediately se-
lected by the people is their officer, they have no
other officers of the Federal Government except
the members of the House of Representatives;
for even the President and Vice President are
chosen indirectly by them to act for them, and
are directly responsible to them at the great and
controlling bar of public opinion.
My colleague speaks of that " atrociously cor-
rupt doctrine," that " to the victors belong the
spoils." Now, Mr. President, I have never paid
the least regard to many of these phrases, seized
upon by paity newspapers and electioneerers,
and often perverted from their true sense. The
one quoted, and that about " glory enough for
one day," and hundreds of others, are unworthy
of attention. I know not to whom is attributed
the above expression; the first time I ever saw it
in print, over a responsible signature, was in a
letter signed by the Senator Irom New York,
[Mr. Tallmadge.]
Mr. TALLMADGE said it was marked with
inverted commas.
Mr. ROANE. Be it so. I know not whence
came the quotation, or whether the gentleman
used it at the time in irony, or derision, or ap-
proval.    Let it all pass.
My colleague says, "if Mr. Jefferson did not
dismiss from office, it was because no instance of
interference in elections occurred." Now, sir,
lean never forget the hue and cry raised against
that great man for turning out the Federalists
whom his predecessor had foisted into every de-
partment of the Government. When complaints
were loudest against him for so doing, he asked
what he was to do? for that " none resigned, and
but few died." General Washington had declared
that " it would be a sort of political suicide to
put into office men whose political tenets were
adverse to the measures of the General Govern-
ment." What would that immortal patriot have
thought of the odious previsions of the bill before
us? But Mr. Jefferson's circular to public offi-
cers has been read and appealed to in justifica-
tion of this bill. That circular only speaks of
the public officers so interfering as to control the
free "exercise of the elective franchise. It speaks
not of adrice or persuasion. No, sir; that great
man, who thought there was no danger to our
institutions as long as " reason and truth are left
free to combat error," could never have sanc-
tioned this bill. His remedy was to turn out
faithless or incompetent officers, whether that in-
fidelity or incompetency arose from intermed-
dling in elections, or from any other cause. When
did he ever recommend to Congress to pass such
a law? lie knew they had no such power, and
that he had ample power to make all his subor-
dinates behave themselves. My colleague asks,
when did a minister of England or France ever
interfere in an election, as did the Secretary of
the War Department last fall, by writing a letter
to South Carolina? Now, sir, I have no very in-
timate acquaintance with ministerial doings in
England or France, but I am yet to learn of that
scrupulous nicety, that fastidious delicacy on the
subject of elections claimed for them by my col-
league. I have read, with inexpressible disgust,
of the foul corruption openly practiced to secure i
a seat in the House of Commons of Great Brit-
ain.   Seats in that body are purchased.   Great I
Senate.
as seems the salary of your President, instances
exist of a much larger amount being paid by a
candidate for a seat in the House of Commons
That country, sir, where not one man in many
thousands is entitled to suffrage, can, in no man-
ner, form the illustrations for us which gentle-
men fire so urgently pressing. I respect not the
British examples about elections or office-hold-
ing.
But, Mr. President, to the other point. I know
nothing of the letter of Mr. Poinsett, which has
been so harshly spoken of by my colleague. I
know not when, to whom, or about what, it was
written, or whether it was an original or a re-
sponsive letter, and, therefore, cannot defend or
condemn its contents. But thismuch I will say:
no man cares or thinks less than I do about what
is called dignity of office. The office of Senator of
the United States has, by many, been considered
in that aspect as second only to that of the Pres-
ident; and I am yet to learn that a Secretary of a
Department, having a temporary residence in this
city, is to be rendered odious for writing a polit,
ical letter to his native State, where he has left-
for a time only, his friends, his property, and all
his dearest rights, while a Senator may, with per-
fect propriety, write letters to a distant State, in
which he has no such stake or interest. It will
be readily perceived that I allude to a letter writ-
ten to Pennsylvania, pending an important State
election.
Mr. President, I must omit many things I might
say in reply about this bill; and say that I utterly
disagree with my colleague as to all his mighty
compliments on the British system, as affording
examples for us. No man is more disposed than
I to pay the just tribute to those immortal pa-
triots, who have occasionally risen in that nation,
and fallen martyrs to the true spirit of freedom.
Locke, Sidney, Russell, Hampden, and others,
will be ever dear to the friends of liberty; but I
deny that it is to them we owe our freedom. In
support of this doctrine, so warmly pressed, al-
lusion has been made to the early settlers of our
country. I deny that any support for such prin-
ciples can be drawn from those men who first
landed on the barren rock of Plymouth, the burn-
ing sands of Carolina, or the island of James-
town. Their history affords no countenance to
this doctrine. They fled from the persecution and
oppression of that Government, now so lauded
by American Senators; they preferred to en-
counter hunger, and all the terrors of savage man
and wild beasts, than to submit longer to the op-
pression of that Government which is, in this
Chamber, exhibited as a model for our imitation.
These people were persecuted and oppressed for
two hundred years by that Government; they,
with filial obedience, during that whole period,
were unresisting; but at length were obliged to
raise their hand against a cruel parent, and fight,
yes fight, for the liberty and freedom we now
enjoy. Anil am I, sir, by subscribing to all the
fulsome compliments to the British Government,
to charge upon my glorious ancestors the crime
of parricide? No, sir; no, sir. I totally deny
the truth of the contrast which has been drawn
between the two Governments in favor of Eng-
land. In the conflicts of the Revolution, in the
appeals then made to the justice of the mother
country, and in drafting our public papers, ref-
erence might well be had to British Magna Cliarta,
and to the wiitings of Locke, and oilier British
patriots. But that time is passed away, we have
a Magna Charta of our own, a glonons one—
written. Yes, sir, written with a pencil of light.
Here it is, sir, [holding aloft the Constitution.]
By that sacred instrument do I choose to be
guided, without any reference whatever to British
" Magna Charta," or British usages; and when
ever any measure is proposed, 1 am willing to
adopt the golden rule laid down in Madison's
Report to test its constitutionality. "The first
question is, whether the power is expressed in
the Constitution?" If it be, the question is de-
cided. " If it be not expi essed, the m>xt inquiry
must be, whether it is properly an incident to an
expressed power, and neeessaty to its execution,
&c. If by this rule the bill before us is tested,
it cannot gain favor with the American people.
Nor have we further use for the writings of
Locke to define our liberty.    We have those of
