1839.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Roane.
Senate.
days of panic memory, to hear so much about,
and which my colleague has revived, this "power
behind the throne greater than the throne itself."
Perhaps, sir, it, when my colleague put himself
behind the " tin one," as he infoiins us he did,
and gave his " advice and his warning," they had
been followed, and he thus, in his opinion, be-
came the " power behind the throne greater than the
throne itself," we might not now hear fiom him
all these deep lamentations, these bitter denun-
ciations, these fearful forebodings, with which he
is attempting to excite the public mind. When,
some days ago, I heaid my colleague allude to
certain Senators on this side of the Chamber in a
sarcastic, if not a sneering manner, as the pilláis
of this Administration, it filled me with stiange
feelings I could but inquire whue I was and to
whom I was listening. Before and at the time,
sir, when I was sent to the Senate by Virginia,
I know well that that State claimed the pioud
honor of having on this floor a pilKr of this Ad-
ministration. Yes, sir; a lofty, bright, adaman-
tine pillar; a pillar which had hcietofoie stood
firm and unshaken against the many rude shocks,
violent assaults, and wily ai ts of Whiggery. That
pillar was my colleague Iwassenthe etotwme
around and support it; I was sent heie to cheer
him on in that career which had alitady rendered
him as dear to the Democratic paity of America
as it had rendered him hateful to the self styled
Whig? My suppoit, I well know, could be but
feeble indeed,except in the honest zeal with which
it would be rendered; feeble as it might be, little
did I think, and deeply have I been disappointed
and mortified to find that it has been totally re-
jected. Feeble as 1 am, I will -stand alone in this
Chamber as the pillar of the Democracy of Vir-
ginia; and should the edifice be batteied down
over my head, and crush me to the eaith, I had
rather be the smallest fiagment of such a pillar,
which can be raked up from the rubbish, than to
be the loftiest and proudest triumphal column
which those who contribute to beat it down can
ever erect upon its ruins.
Sir, my colleague, strange to tell, deplores most
bitterly anything like party > He says " party,
party; I go for my country '" Sir, this was an
exclamation worthy of Biutus or Cato; but we
do not, now-a-days, often see such men as they
Sir, I take no exception to the remark, although
the assertion by any one gentleman, that he goes
for his country may carry with it the inference
that those who differ with him do not. No, sir, I
take no exception, because the only way in which
we can go efficiently for our country is through
the medium of party; and, sir, because there is
such a universal admission by the contending
parties in this country, that each has at heart the
good of the country, that whenever I hear a man
who deems it necessary to say that he cares not
for party, that he goes for his country, it does
not, m the slightest degree, strengthen my esti-
mation of his patriotism. No, sir, far from it.
Far be it from me to deny, sir, that my colleague
has gone for his country. I have labored too
often and too zealously to shield him from the
immolating wrath of the Whigs, and to contrib-
ute to his elevation, to have doubted that fact.
Sir, he has been highly and justly honored by
his country. But he should never forget that
it was party which conferred upon him atl those
honors. Sir, I know of no man who has been
more emphatically the child, the nurseling of
party, than my talented colleague. It was party
that first sent him, a young man, into the Le-
gislature of Virginia, where it had sent me a
few years before. It was party that sent him to
the Congress of the United States in the other
end of this Capitol—the Democratic party. It
was party that sent him thence as Minister to
Prance—the Democratic party. It was party
which, on his return to America, sent him to the
Senate of the United States—that same Demo-
cratic party. It was party that drove him out of
this Chamber—the Whig party ! It was party,
sir, the some old Democratic party, that sent him
back into it, and it mill be party—a new party—■
the Neutral party, that will send him—I know not
where—my sagacious and oft-prophetic friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Niles] thinks to the
Treasury Department; or, as it is in parlance,
often called here, the Exchequer—(a custom, I
think, " more honored in the breach than in the
observance")—perhaps, for aught I know, to the
White House itself; or mayhap to the dignified
ohau you now fill, in which some—not I, no, not
I sir—but in which some say he might be now
calmly, quietly, and contentedly sitting if he had
not been jostled out of it
But, sir, to this neutral party. I must, in fui-
theranee of my object, to define my position, say
something of it. I wish it to be most distinctly
undeistood, that there is no neutrality in regard
to party politics in my composition, and, such is
my temperament, that I cannot well conceive how
any man (as I before said) who has borne an
active shaie in the storm of paity politics which
has long raged in oui country, can possibly enjoy
that state of blessed quiescence and composure.
When my colleague fiist began to file off from
those ranks m which he had long stood a prom-
inent and active member, he called himself a
Conservative. Yes, sir; we heaid then of nothing
butthe Conservative party—Conservative—a sweet,
a honeyed word. But in a little time, those of
us who did not agree with this conservative party
were called " Subservatives," a very haish and
bitter word. These Consei vatives, however, soon
began to lose much of then sweetness, and be-
came very spicy, and again changed their name,
and called themselves the '• Spartan band " Yes,
sir, we saw the Spartan band, with Leónidas at
their head, foiemg their way through the strong
hosts of Demociacy, over to the Whig camp; and
now that they " read their title clear " to rank in
that camp, they again change then names, and
call themsehes Neuhals—yes, INeutrals; and we
now heai, as if fiom Jupiter Tonans himself, of
nothing but the thunder of the armed neutrality.
Now, Mr. Picsident, I have said that I never
was, and am not, a neutral in paity politics.
Should I ever become one, (which is very im-
probable,) 1 do sincerely hope that I may be en-
abled, with Christian meekness, to fold my arms
and say, "God bless the Commonwealth," or,
if that divine feeling is denied me, that I may,
with the justice of Anstides,and the impartiality
of Cato, look upon the battle field, and suffer no
consideration whatever to induce me, in my ne-
cessary intercourse between the great belhgeients,
to deal in aitnjes "contraband of war." And
above all things, if the great law of nature and
justice, self defense, shall drive me to aim as a
neutral, that I may endeavor to deal my blows
with striet impartiality, and, if anything, look
rather with a kindly eye to those who had ever
been my friends and allies, and with one of sus-
picion and fear to that party who, through all
time, had hated and íeviled me I do not mean,
sir, to question or impeach the impartiality with
which my colleague will discharge the delicate
duty of a neutral armed at all points. I trust
that it will be his intention to be strictly impar-
tial in the blows which he says he will have to
deal out on the right and the left I do not know
how deeply wounded or how keenly pained have
been the great belligerent Whig party, by the
blows he has already inflicted on them, but can-
dor compels me to say, that their adversaries, the
Administration party, have felt that his sword
" was sharper than a seipent's tooth."
But, sir, it may not be amiss to look a little
further into this thing of a third party, no matter
by what name they may call themselves. None
that has ever arisen in this country, or in Eng-
land, has lived long as a distinct, independent
party. It is not consistent with the nature of man,
or with the institutions of either of these coun-
tries, that such parties can long maintain a dis-
tinctive, separate existence, and if a minority or
third party could long exist m this country, and
wield the power set up for this aforesaid " armed
neuliahty," to regulate and control the conduct of
the other two great parties—that is, to rule the
will of the great majority of the people—/, for
one, should think it a most deplorable case in-
deed, and have no hesitation m saying, that the
pretension thus set up for this party is more dan-
gerous to the liberty of the people, and more di-
rectly hostile to the principles of our blessed Con-
stitution, than any I have ever yet heard urged
against them.
Do you,sir, recollect the memorable third party,
yclept the minority party, that sprung up about
the year 1806? I am sure you do, much better
than I. John Randolph of Roanoke was at the
head of that party; yes, sn , John Randolph, the
great, the talented, the pioud,the daring John
Randolph, was its head and founder. Compared
to any minonty party, before or since, it was
greatlysupenor, both mtalentand numbers And
what became of it' It melted away; and in a few-
years not a tiaee or -vestige of it was left:
" Like the snow falls in the river,
A moment white, tlien gone iorever "
It was fierce and formidable for a while; but it
soon lost all its strength and dissolved, and its
members took then stations in one or the other
of the two great contending parties of the day;
which, most assuredly, with some slight shades
of difference growing out of the altered condition
of the count!y, and a change of name, were the
same identical two parties that fought the battle
of 1798, and are nowasram struggling for ascend-
ency. It may be worthy of remark, as to that
minority party, to state that John Randolph, with
all his talents and zeal and fiery temper and love
of conquest, never set up the pretension to " ore
armed neutrality." He laid no claim to the de-
iu&ive mfeience, speciously drawn by sophistical
analogy, and with diplomatic subtlety, from the
position of Queen Catherine of Russia—to con-
trol the destinies of the nation, and subject the
will of the majonty to the power of a small mi-
nority of the people No, sir; John Randolph of
Roanoke, with all his peculiarities, was,m many
respects, one of the purest republicans America
has ever had. He adhered with pertinacious
nicety to the principles of the Constitution as its
fiameis intended them, and not as its latitudmous
construers would have them to be, and, above all
things, he valued the great principle at the root
of all our institutions, that the majority should
govern the minority, and however haughty and
aristocratic he might seem in his peisonal car-
nage, he more than once, in a manner and under
circumstances which evinced his devotion to thai
great principle, bowed to the " majesty of the
people," when ostracised by a majouty of then
suffrages. No, sir; the gieat object of the third
paity, headed by John Randolph, in the year
1806, was to change the minority into a majority,
and in that way, and that only, to rule the coun-
try Failing ir that plan, the party was dissolved,
without a resort to arguments drawn from the
position of Queen Catherine of Russia, to break in
upon the great principle which lies at the founda-
tion of our insti'utions. JNo, sir; John Randolph
scoined, knowing that he was in a minority, to
exert power in any other way. He scorned to
hold the balance and, as did the monkey in the
fable who weighed for the two cats, pinch off
first fiom the one scale, and then from the other,
till he had robbed them of all their cheese.
Sir, the longest-lived minority party I haveevei
heaid of is the one which has existed for some
years past in France, under the name of the third
paily. What has been its history? In reading,
a short time ago, an extractfioma French news-
paper, I was struck with its speaking of the " Sofa
party." 1 at first supposed that a foui th political
party had risen up in France to confound their
confusion, but, on reading a little fuither, I dis-
covei ed that the writer was speaking of the same
old French third party that has made so much
noise in thp world; and which had acquired the
cognomen of the " sofa party," because—what
do you suppose, Mr. President, was the cause'
Why, sir, because they are now so reduced in
numbers that they can all sit together on a sofa!
Such, sir, will be the fate of this Conservative parly,
this Spartan band, this armed neutrality. They
may, sir, have to sit for a season on what, I be-
lieve, in some of our churches is denominated the
anxious bench ; and may, perhaps, be required to
subscribe their faith, and give in their experience,
before they can gain full admission into the tem-
ple of the grea church militant of Whiggery, and
take their seats on the so/a, alongside with the
fathers and elders of that renowned sect.
Mr. President, 1 am truly sorry that I have
been compelled to break silence at all, on this oc-
casion, and pained to be compelled to break it in
strains which may not be agreeable to my col-
league, but it is the misfortune of this life that
most of our sacred duties are of a painful charac-
