192              _______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           [Febmary 21,
25ra Cong....3d Sess.
Punishment of Defaulters—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
ter. The one which I have been constrained to
discharge this evening is of that description. Be-
ing so, I have postponed its discharge to the last
moment, and to a period when none could say
that I was interfering m the relations now exist-
ing between him and our mutual constituents.
Ko, sir, I have been perfectly content that, with-
out any the least interference on my part, he
should manage those relations in his own way. I
have meant no personal offense to him This is not
the place in which I would seek to indicate such a
feeling, if I entertained it. My difference with
him is entirely of a political character, and it has
been my pride, and frequently my boast, that that
difference had not disturbed our personal rela-
tions. I only seek, sir, and this is the only time,
according to my notions, (which may have been
fastidióos,) in which I could find the opportunity
to ptesent myself fully and fairly to our mutual
constituents, in the antagomstical position which
ttlias been, most unexpectedly anil painfully, my
ninsfortune to hold towards my colleague, from
the first moment I entered tins Chamber to the
{iresent. /stand where I did when I was sent
nther by Virginia. He, howevei.has thought
proper, at this cutical moment, to throw himsclt,
with all his great weight, into one of the scales ot
that balance in which we are bolh to be wcighe d,
and it is not In my nature, sir, to pel mit that in
which he has left me to stand alone to " kick the
beam," without a solitary feeble stiuggle to main-
tain its equipoise.
No man, Mr. President, in this Senate cares
less than I do about retaining his seat in this
Chamber I would not, sir, to hold it foi life,
make an oveiture for the Whig vote of the Le-
gislature of Vnginiu, or permit, knowingly, a
single man in that Commonwealth to doubt my
opinions in iogaid to this Administration, oranv
of the leading measures or men of the day. To
the Whigs, as a party, I am utteily and abso-
lutely Opposed; as individuals, no man is dis-
posed more fully and moie liberally to appreciate
iivem than I. borne of the deaiest fuends of my
heart aie of them Both in the Geneial Assembly
of Ynginia and throughout tlmt Commonwealth,
there aie Whigs, as they call theinsi Ivt s, whose
friendship 1 am pioud to enjoy. I havi long en-
joyed u. They know that 1 never did, and ncvei
Will deceive th<_m
Now, sir, by way of summing up, and reca-
pitulating the definition I have dostied to gne o(
my position, in teims not to be doubted, oi mii-
undeistood by any, I take lea\e to any, that as
AT present advisld, I prefe r Martin van Omen
as the next Piesidentof the United States to any
man who, to my knowledge, has been as yet
named or thought of as his successor. I give lum
this piefeience because 1 thus far, in the main,
approve of his administration of the Government,
because ho is m favor of a strict construction of
the Federal Constitution, as laid down in Madi-
son's celebrated leport, because he is opposed to
the bank, a bank, oi any bank established by
Congress, oi any other depaitment oi power of
the Genera! Government, because he is opposed
to a system of internal improvement by the Gen-
eial Government; because he is opposed to a pro-
tecting tariff, and is for quadiating, as near as
possible, the revenue of the country to a reduced
expenditure of public money, so as never again,
if avoidable, to have a large surplus fund in the
Federal Treasury, with which to debauch the
State governments and demoralize the people.
Ami,last, though not least, I am for him because
he IS a ■" NDRTMERN MAN WITH SOUTHERN FEEL-
INGS " Thanks to him for the stand he timely
and magnanimously made, and is ever ready in
the hour of need ok peril to make, for the sacred
compromises of the Constitution in regard to that
gieat, vital, and delicate, subject which is at this
moment a burning torch m the hands of the vile
incendiaries of the tetnpte of our liberty and the
Union. Be did not sia, wait till the battle had
been fought and wot) before he defined his posi-
tion to the vile Abolitionists. He stood side by
side with us daring the «< heat ami bmien of the
day " No southern man ought ever to forget his
stand on that question
Mr Pi esident, my colleague has very frequently
advised and invoked the Administration members
of the Senate, of whom he Jcnows me to be one.
to bethink themselves, and pause in their mad
career of party, and change their course. Let
me now, in turn, most earnestly and most anx-
iously implore htm to pause, yes, sir, to pause—
for it is not too late—and reconsider his position
and return to the fold of his old Democratic Re-
pubhean fuends, companions,admirers, and sup-
poiters I do assure him that there is not one
of them who is not grieved to part with him, and
is not still willing to give him the fiaternal hug,
and forgive and forget all that has passed. We
have requned no sacrifice by him pf his opinion
or his conscience on any isolated measures We
are all prone to differ from each other in opinion,
and it is the part of charity and kindness to think
nothing of minor differences. There is nothing—
I know it—there is nothing about which my col-
league was ever more mistaken than m the inti-
mation, if not the assertion often made by him,
that there was a settled purpose to drive him from
the ranks of the Administration party When
the first symptoms of his disaffection were mani-
fested, no mother ever treated her infant babe
with more tenderness than his old political asso-
ciates in this Chamber were disposed to treat
him, and theyendeavoied, to the utmost of their
power, and by all their conduct, to afford him no
pretext ol that kind, if he should ultimately de-
termine to abandon our camp And may I say
to my colleague, that if any newspaper editm or
scribbler, oi "organ," has injured or slandeied
him, he should have put it down to the fieedom,
if not to the licentiousness, of the piess, and
tint, undei any cucumstances, it is fai below the
" elevated, statesmanlike feelings" he piofesses,
to make their abuse a justification foi leaving a
party with whom he has so long cooperated, and
who would so willingly have continued in fellow-
ship with him, and of his cooperating with those
between whom and him there has been, for an
equally long peuod, a reciprocal hostility of the
strongest chai actor
But, su , if my colleague will not or cannot con-
tinue in communion with us, we may deploie,
but wi cannot help it And, Mr, as, on a íecent
oci ision, my colleague, imagining that he saw a
man luge about to bi solemnised between the
Government and the Pennsylvanii Bank ol the
Unit  d Siatt s, assumed, in the "name of Ins
eouiuiy, to foibid the bins," <>o, sn, should 1
ptreuve that a mtiimge is about to be solem-
nized between my eolleague and the gieat Whi^
piuty, as I ceitamly believe will be, unless theie
is the most cunning coquetry on the one side, or
should be a ciucl Jilting on the other, I will as-
sume, in the name and behalf of the Democracy
of my countiy, to confirm and íctify the bans,
and give him away in marriage, (and ceitamly I
never expected to stand sponsoi to a runaway-
match,) and, sn, I will, on the solemn occasion,
say to his new spouse that we have parted re-
luctantly with one of our dearest and most tavor-
ite children, that if he is tieated with kindness
and distinction he will be a valuable acquisition
to his new connection,for that his dowry is nch
indeed, consisting of all those precious family
secrets which we never impart to any of our chil-
dren, except to those of them who, we have good
reason to think, will never quit the household,
or marry out of the family.
Mr. President, I have done. I have discharged
a painful duty. If any one thing, more than all
others, could alleviate the painful task, it is the
kind and piofound attention with which the Sen-
ate, exhausted by a session of unusual length,
have honored my remarks My heart assures
me that I shall never forget the compliment.
PUNISHMENT Or DEIHULTERS
SPEECH OF HON. H. HUBBARD,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the Senate, February 21, 1839,
On the bill providing for the better security of the Public
Moneys, and for the punishment of Public Delimiters
Mr. HUBBARD said:
Mr President The Senator from Massachu-
setts has presented to the Senate extiaots from
various acts of Congress, defining particularly
the duties of certain officers connected with the
Treasuiy Department, alleging that so expiess
and well-defined were these duties, that it was
impossible that theie could have been any defal-
cation of any custom-house officer existing for
any considerable length of time, without discov-
ery and detection at the Department, had theie
been a faithful discharge of official duty The
the Senator has not, in duect terms, charged upon
Secretary of the Treasury any such dereliction
of official duty, but the tenor and general char-
acter of his remarks, if not so designed, were
calculated to make an impression upon the pub-
lic mind that the recent defalcations in New Yoik
and elsewhere were to be attributed to the want
of discharging properly and seasonably that su-
pervisory power which the head of the Depait-
ment was bound, as the Senator says, to exercise.
And the Senator has contended that there is no
necessity for further legislation on this subject;
that we have law enough, all that is lequired is
greater fidelity and diligence in the execution of
the law
It is my purpose, Mr. President, to show, and*
I trust that I shall be able to show most conclu-
sively, that the Secretary of the Tieasury, in the
discliaige of his appropn Ue duties, could no moie
have discovered the fiauds which have been prac-
ticed upon the accounting officeis by collectors
and receivers than any member of this Senate,
that, with the íeturns of collectors' accounts for
settlement, he has nothing to do Under the laws
of Congress, the Secretary of the Tieasury could
notjWithout usui pation, exercise any control over
the officers to whom they were made. Both classes
were beyond his reach He had no agency in
their appointment, nor could he have any" influ-
ence in their removal. They were accountable
to a higher officer in our Government for the per-
formance of their lespective official functions
From the examination which I have given to this
subject, [ do not hesitate to derlaie, in the most
I unqualified manner, that, whatevei may have
btin the laults of others, the Secretary of the
í Tieasuiy, in the discharge of his official tiust,
I could not hive known of existing defaults many
ollicer ehaiged with the collection of the public
i ii ve nuo, th it theie is no neglect of official duty
h to be imputed to him, that there is no sin ofomis-
M sion, oi of commission, m reference to this sub-
|| ject, chiigeiblc upon the head of the Department.
I| Befoie, Mi President, I proceed to show the
impoi tance, the indispensable necessity, of further
legislation upon this subject; of the additional
legal provisions, which may not only lead to the
discovery of frauds in the conduct of collectois
and receivers, but which shall also bring to cer-
tain punishment all such offenders, before I advert
to the penal provisions of the bill now before the
Senate, the punishment which awaits the offendei,
the iguominy and disgrace consequential upon
the seizure of the public money, I will proceed at
once to show what are the provisions of existing
laws touching the duties of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and of the accounting officers of the
Department, in oider to make good my declara-
tion that no blame can properly attach to the Sec-
retary for any defalcation which may have arisen
under his administration of that Department.
The act establishing a Treasury Department
was approved September 2, 1789, and this act
prescribes with minute exactness the duties of all
the officers which then constituted that Depait-
ment The officers were a Secretary of the Treas-
ury, a Comptroller, an Auditor, a Treasurer, a
Register, and an assistant to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which assistant shall be appointed by
the Secretary. The second section defines all the
duties of the Secretary.
" It shall be tne duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
digest and prepare plans for the improvement and manage
ment of the reienuc, and for the support oj £/ie public credit,
to prepare and report estimates of the public revenue and the
public expenditures, to superintend the collection of the rev-
enue ; to decule on the forms of keeping and stating accounts
and making returns, and to grant, uneler the limitations
hereinafter established, or to be hereinafter provided, all
warrants for money to be issued from the Treasury,in pur-
suance of appropriations made by law, to execute such
services relative to the sale of the lands belonging to the
United States as may be by law required of bun , to make
reports, and give information to either branch of the Legis-
lature in person or m writing (as he may be required ) re-
specting all matters referred to him by the Senate or House
ot Representatives or winch Bhait aiiueuaiu to ius office.
