1839.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL.
195
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Settlers in Creek Indian Country—Mr. Chapman.
Ho. of Reps.
sen'atives in January, 1838, and, if I rightly rec-
ollect, that document contained the names of one
hundred and fourteen persons who had been col-
iectoi s of the customs, and were returned as pub-
lic defaulters. Nine tenths of those defaults oc-
culted undet the Admmisttation previous to the
last Administration. The laws which the Senator
has recited were then m full force, they did not
prevent defaults then; they did not then lead to
the discoveiy of ñauéis The same laws cannot
now effectuite those objects-, there is a defect in
the law, and that defect the piesent bill is intended
to supply. Why were not those laws ¡sufficient
to prevent the defaults of General King, of Mr
Wingate, of General Upham,and of Mr. Swan-
ton' They occurred under the administration of
the younger Adams, when those laws were in full
force Why were they not sufficient to detect the
default of Robert Arnold, who stands lecordedas
n defaulter to the amount of more than eighty
thousand dollars, with an official bond amounting
only to five thousand dollars. This default also
occuiied under the administration of Mr. Adams;
and, from my recollection, the report states that
theie is no expectation that this amount will be
reduced by subsequent receipts. I mention these
facts to show that the existing acts of Congiess
are not sufficient to | revent these frauds, and to
ptoseive in safety the public money foi the use
of the Government The imposition is piacttced
in the return itself, and, if the collectorof the cus-
toms can induce some half dozen clerks to con-
ceal tho fnud, he can make, as he /ins from time
to timeniíHÍf, such false retains to the accounting
officers, and furnish to the Secretary weekly such
false statements of the aggregate balances as to
prevent the discovery ant! the detection of the
fraud But pass this bill, and you impose such a
peifect system of well-ordeied checks and guards
that no collector, of himself, can make a false ie-
tuin without an immediate discovery of his fraud.
Up to 1836, a practice prevailed that, when the
Auditor received thequarteiiy yearly returns fiom
the collectorsj,<5lc ,&c , thecleik in the Auditor's
office having these íetuins in charge, was in the
habit of handing those returns to a cleik in the
office of the Secietary of the Treasury, for the
sole puipose of entering the footings, so as to
show officially to the Secietary the amount of
available means at the end of eveiy quarter, to
answer the same object, in fact, which the weekly
and monthly statements to theSccretaty from the
collectors, of the aggicgate balances, were in
tended to answet No vouchets were evei h uided
with these official leturns, and no means could
then by be afforded to the Secretary of the Tieas-
uiy to detect the fiaud, if fraud existed The
only way, as I have before stated, of detecting
the fraud, is by a careful examination and com
panson of the accounts with the vouchers at the
Auditoi's office.
This practice is now discontinued, and I have
heard it said, among other things, by way of
charge against the Secretary of the Tieasury, that
this was done at the instance of the Secretary
The practice, sir, was discontinued by the clerk
in the Auditor's office, and, ftom inquiry, I have
not been able to learn that the oldest cleiksin the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury evei knew
that these returns fiom the Auditor's office were
made for the purpose of making an examination
or comparison with any returns which may have
been made direct to the Secreta!y himself No
such comparisons were ever made under any Ad-
ministration. No such returns were elrer made
foi ami such purpose to the Secretary's office from
the office of the Auditor
I cannot close my remarks without again re-
ferring to the House document No 111, in order
to show that the existing laws do not afford suf-
ficient checks and guaids, and that further legis-
lation is indispensably necessary, with a view to
the security of the public money That docu-
ment states that William Brown, a collector at
New Orleans ¡n 1809, was a defaulter to the
amount of more than ¿107,000; and if I have a
light lecollection of that case, he became a de-
f^ul'ei,and had actually absconded before the
date of the last letter of instructions to him from
Mr Gallatin, the then head of the Treasury De-
partment. Although there had been some little
informalities as to the time of making his weekly
statement of balances, &c , yet neither from the
face of the accounts themselves, nor from any
other souice, was the Secretary of the Treasury
led to suspect that all was not right in the case of
this defaulter.
And as the present Secretary's cucular to cer-
tain receivers has been somewhat severely, and,
I think, unjustly animadverted upon, I will take
the hbeity to transcribe Mr Gallatin's letter to
Mr Brown, in order to show that the present
Secretary has high authority for the course he
pursued, and that the sentiments, and even the
language, of Mr. Gallatm, in his letter to Mr.
Blown in 1809, íeprovmg him for some omissions
of duty, are very similar to the language used by
Mr. Woodbuiy in his circular, wherein he un-
dertook to complain for some omissions of official
duty, and recommending, properly, in my judg-
ment, a different course, rather than reporting the
individual as unworthy of place—and who ought
at once to be removed from office I subjoin a
copy of Mr Gallatin's letter to Mr Brown:
Treasury Department, December 4, 1809
Sir I hive tins d iv received eight weekly returns from
you, from tlie In of July to 31sl August last, with sundry
oiIk r returns some of winch boie the. postm uk ol Noveni
bcr 13 As the standing instiuetions of tins Department
rt spectmg weekly returns, and the particular instructions
to you upon that subject, contained in my lettei of the 20th
of JutK Hit have nor been ion phed with, T take the lib
eity to repeat that it is indispensable that the weekly re
turns should be weekly mide, and put in the post office
immediately alter the end of the week to which the return
relate 
I have ilsothisdaj received from the cashierof the office
of discount and deposit }our receipt for $100,000, taken up
from him under the authority contained in my letter of the
9th of M licit la--t It wa, not mv intention, and the tenor
of that letter implies it, that the whole of this sum should
be dtavvn at once , but th.it, alter the moneys in your hands
wi re txhausted, ^ ou should draw on the b ink, from time
to time, to meet the debentures, as thtyshould be present
cdtojoufor piemeiu If, therefore, vou have not paid
awa\, for debentures, the whole of that sum of $100 000,
togetbei with the sums remaining from your collections,
and which appear to have amounted, on the 31st of August,
to $2i,OJ0, you will be pleased, unmediatelj on the receipt
of tins loiter, to refund to the office of discount and deposit
such sum as may remain m your hands , and will continue,
as last as any moneys come into your hands, to apply them
fiom week to week, to the reduction of the bal nice oí the
advance from the b ink, until it is wholly repaid
Í have received no «tatement of the debentures issued,
nor anv intimation fiom vou of their amount Trom the
time when the money was taken up by jou, I presume
they were issued in the month of September Jvo state
meut for that month h is been received, although the st He
merit of df bentures issued m the subsequent month of Oc
tober came to h md by the last mail f his is an irregularity
which ought not to have t iken place As j ou are not igno
rant ol the manner in which all your returns to this Dc
partuunt ought to be m ide, I must request vour pamcular
attention that no omissions or nregulariU.es he permitted
hereafter to occur
You will be pleaded to acknowledge the receipt of this
tetter by the first mail after its arrival
I am, veiv íespectfuily, jour obedient servant,
ALBERT GALLATIN
Wiltiam Brown, Esq , Col'cctor, New Orleans
Mi. President, I have said all that I wish to
say. My obji ct in rising was to defend the Sec-
retary of the Treasury fiom charges which had
been so often made, and constantly reiterated
against him, on account of some knowledge which
it is supposed that officer had of the late defalca-
tions in New York, in such time as to have ena-
bled him to expose the fraud, and to have con-
victed the wrong doer. It has been my purpose
to show that a faithful and vigilant discharge of
the appropriate duties of that officer could not,
by any possibility, enable him to discover or de-
tect any fiauds which any collector, in his official
returns, might intend to practice I have endeav-
ored to show that to the accounting officers of
the Treasury belong, and exclusively belong, not
only the receipt, examination, and final adjust-
ment of such accounts, but I have also shown
that to the First Comptroller belongs the business
of superintending the collection of the duties on
imports and tonnage, and that so specific aie the
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury, as pointed
out by the existing laws, that without undertak-
ing at his mere motion to perform the official du-
ties of other officers, he could not have discovered
any falsities or frauds contained in the return of
the collectors of customs or of any of the receiv-
ers of the public moneys
As the friend of the Secretary of the Treasury,
I look forward with entire confidence to the pub-
lication of the report of the committee of inves-
tigation, who have this whole subject in charge;
and if justice shall be done to that distinguished
officer in that report, as I cannot doubt it will be,
I have every reason to believe that he will be en-
tirely exonerated fiom all blame and from every
unworthy imputation. 1 am perfectly aware of
the nature and charactei of the charges which
have been made and circulated against the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with reference to the recent
defalcations in New York, and with reference to
other defaults which have recently occurred.
But, sir, let the report come; let the tiuth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth, be faith-
fully presented to the American people; let party
prejudice be laid aside, and a just account given
of these transactions, and I have no doubt that
it will be discovered that these charges against,
and these attacks upon, the public conduct of the
Secretary have been made without right and with-
out authority.
It is known to you, Mr. President, it in known
to me, it must be known to us all, that most ex-
traordinary allegations have been made against
the Secretary, pending the present session of
Congress, in this Senate, and out of this Senate.
If, sn, there was any reliance to be placed on
popular rumor, if the public journals of the times
could be regarded as the faithful chronicles of
passing events,, long befoie this we had a light
to expect to have had the Secretary of the Treas-
ury arraigned before this Senate to answer for
high misdemeanors to be piefened against him
by the House of Representatives. I have felt
some solicitude, some anxiety, to have such a
proceeding instituted against my fuend. It would
be to him the pioudest day in his whole life. He
would then have the opportunity to meet his ac-
cusers face to face; and he would then be able to
show forth that integrity of character, that up-
rightness of purpose, which belongs to him—to
conv nice bis accusers, and to satisfy the Ameri-
can people of the great injustice done him.
In conclusion, Mr President, all that I have to
say is, that those who have been so prolific and
constant m their charges against the Secretary of
the Treasury, have mistaken their aim, for, not-
withstanding the attacks which have been made
«pon, and winch are, day following day, repeated
against him on this floor and in another part of
this Capitol, but little impression is made abroad.
It is manifest that intelligent and patriotic portions
of the community, (while those things are going
on here,) are giving to the Secretaiy the most
gratifying evidence of their unshaken confidence
in him, and of their fixed determination to give
support to his public and official acts.
SETTLFRS INJ CREEK INDIAN COUNTRY
REMARKS OF HON. R. CHAPMAN,
OF ALABAMA,
In the Hoise or Representatives,
February 25, 1839.
Mr CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, íeported a bill from the Senate for
the relief of certain settlers in the country acquired
from the Creek Indians, who lost their improve-
ments, to which they were entitled under the pre-
emption law of 1834, by the location of the res-
ervations for chiefs and orphans of that tribe,
with an amendment.
Mr. C said that the amendment reported only
changed the phraseology, not the sense, of the
bill; and he hoped it would be concurred in. He
said that, as the session was so near a close that
this bill might not be reached if ordered to the
Committee of the Whole, which was the usual
course, he asked the House to consider it at once,
since it proposed no appropriation, and therefore
did not, under the rules of the House, require
commitment
Mr. LINCOLN, having moved to commit the
bill, insisted that it proposed an appropriation of
land, and consequently was embraced within the
rule requiring commitment as much as if an ap-
propriation of money was proposed
Mi CHAPMAN said he lamented the neces-
sity, at this time, of resisting the motion to com-
mit, but as that course would probably, if adopted,
defeat the bill, he was constrained to oppose it.
He said that, as the vote on the motion pending
