Í839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
the Government of the whole country must de-
cide when and in what manner it would maintain
the rights of the members of the Confederacy;
and, for one, Mr. C. could not consent, on such
a solemn occasion as that of a war with a foreign
Power, or on any other occasion, that the will of
one of the twenty-six members of the Confeder-
acy should control the entire Union, or that one
should draw the entire Union, without their con-
sent, into a war with a foreign Power. As it
was the exclusive right and duty of this Govern-
ment to protect, by war, the rights of the whole,
the Government of the whole must judge as to the
proper time and manner of enforcing that right.
In regard to the course of Maine, there were
some circumstances which Mr. C. saw occasion
to regret. Ho concurred with the Senator from
Pennsylvania that some prior notification ought
to have been given as to the purpose of Maine in
sending an armed force to the Aroostook. It
ought to have been given to the Executive of the
United States, or to that of New Brunswick, one
or both-, and if it had been given, the present
difficulties might possibly have been avoided.
Mr. C. was opposed, notwithstanding, to the
claim of exclusive jurisdiction over the territory
on the part of Sir John Harvey, and he wished
also that Sir John Harvey had fallen under no
misconception of the real object which Maine had
in view. Notwithstanding that the resolution of
Maine to expel intruders and trespassers was
adopted in secret session, that it had not been
communicated, as it safely might have been, to
the Government of New Brunswick or the United
States, was much to be regretted.
But with respect to the claim of exclusive juris-
diction by Great Britain over this territory, which
had been asserted by the British authorities both
at New Brunswick and Washington, so far from
there being any such agreement, the truth was,
that the British were wholly excluded from such
jurisdiction, for neither party had a rightto juris-
diction over the unoccupied portion of the terri-
tory, as might be seen by the documents now and
heretofore communicated to the Senate; and over
ill portions of the territory that were occupied,
jurisdiction was to remain and be maintained as
t was, both as regarded the holding of jurisdiction
and the possession of property, and neither party
*vas to make any advances to strengthen or in-
crease their jurisdiction or possession; and if all
.his was so, then so far from Great Britain having
anv right of jurisdiction, she was excluded, as
well as the United States, from all possession and
jurisdiction over the unoccupied portion of the
territory.
And did notthe Senate recollect the correspond-
ence on the subject of a large force being recently
marched by the British through this territory ?
And what did Great Britain say when this was
done ? She alleged as an excuse that it was only
for the purpose, not of occupying the territory,
butof reaching a higher and exterior destination,
and felt it necessary to notify the Government of
the United States of the movement. On that
occasion, Mr. C. had insisted that this notice
and apology by Great Britain was not sufficient,
and that she "ought first to have asked and ob-
tained the direct and express consent of the Uni-
ted States before marching her troops over the
disputed territory. Now, if she had the exclusive
right of jurisdiction, as had been maintained by
Mr. Harvey and Mr. Fox, where was the neces-
sity, in that case, of her giving any notification
at all of her marching her troops over the dis-
puted territory? This fact of a notification proved
absolutely that Great Britain had not then setup
any such claim; and itwas very remarkable how
this claim had arisen, and how soon and how
much it had been strengthened. Mr. Fox had
now represented it to stand on an explicit agree-
ment, and, when called upon to point jt out, he
could only refer to his own Government. This
claim was very extraordinary,and would befound
wholly untenable.
In regard to the proceedings of Maine, a great
deal was due to the feelings of a State whose
rights had been so long held in question. This
negotiation had been protracted much longer than
was desirable, and he thought there had been re-
cent delays which required from Great Britain
some satisfactory explanation. Her late troubles
in her American provinces might be some excuse,
and it was evidently the true policy of the Uni-
ted States to press her at such a moment. Mr.
C. did not know how far our Executive had acted
on that policy, and had urged her to a settlement
of this question; but it had so happened that
nearly a year had passed while these difficulties
in Canada continued, and no proposition what-
ever, as far as Congress was concerned, had come
from Great Britain on this subject. He trusted
that, drawing wisdom from what had now oc-
curred in consequence of delay, ancí from the
great and imminent hazard of a war, the two
Governments would hasten the question to a final
settlement.
In regard to the documents which had now
been read, Mr. C. thought the Government here
ought to enter into some arrangement by means
of which existing difficulties might be quieted,
and depredations on this territory might be sup-
pressed; and he did not know by whatauthonty
the Governor of Maine could undertake to enter
into any species of compact or agreement with
a foreign Power or Province. He, therefore,
thought it better that the President or his author-
ized agent should make an arrangement by which
trespassers should be removed, and this property
protected till the question should be settled.
Mr C. concurred with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania that his subject should go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and if an appropria-
tion ought to be made, it could be done, although
it had not been asked for by the President. Mr.
C. was ready, at whatever price, to secure the
peace of the country, and maintain the rights of
Maine to her jurisdiction and territory.
Mr. WALKER observed that the matter was
one of such momentous consequence to the coun-
tiy, that it became the Senate to proceed with
caution and circumspection, surveying the whole
ground before they took any final proceedings in
i elation to it. It struck him that there was one
important matter in this controversy that had
not been noticed by any gentleman who had taken
part in this debate. While the negotiations were
pending with a hope of bringing the controversy
to a happy conclusion, Great Britain had given
secret instructions to the Governor of the Prov-
ince of New Brunswick to enforce the right of
that country to exclusive jurisdiction over the
whole of this disputed territory. Now, instead
of this being an advance to an adjustment of the
difficulties between the two countries, itwas ren-
dering that event more uncertain. Instructions
had been given, for the first time, by the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, to the Governorr>f New
Brunswick, which never had been communicated
to the Government of the United States, to enforce
exclusive jurisdiction to this country. Now, as
this matter was to be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, he would say one word in
reference to this part of the subject. In one point
(said Mr. W.) we all concur, that the territory in
dispute is within the limits of the State of Maine.
In another point we also concur, and that is that
Great Britain has no right to the exclusive juris-
diction, and that she is attempting to enforce, by
secret orders, a right which she has not hitherto
advised us that she claimed.
Now, what is the state of affairs? We are told
by the Governor of New Brunswick that lie is
instructed, and that he is prepared to enforce that
exclusive jurisdiction with all the power of the
British Government at his disposal. We are told,
also, that the State of Maine is determined to re-
sist any such attempt should it be made; and for
that purpose the Governor has called out a por-
tion of the military force of the State. Now, with-
out there should be some yielding on the part of
the Governor of New Brunswick, or the author-
ities of Maine, a collision must take place be-
tween these two adverse parties. Then, a portion
of the territory of the sovereign State of Maine
is invaded with all the power of the British Gov-
ernment; and what are we to do ? As an act of
justice to the State of Maine and to the whole
country, can we adjourn without taking measures
to prevent the citizens of Maine from being slaugh-
tered by the British troops without the adequate
means of resistance? I hope this collision may
never take place—I pray to God that in may not;
but I am prepared to vote an appropriation to
meet the contingency apprehended, and assist the
people of Maine in repelling the threatened inva 
sion.
Mr. NORVELL said he rose to a single point.
If he stood here alone, he shtmld take his stand
to express his unqualified approbation of the whole
course of the Governor and Legislature of Maine
on this subject. They could have taken no other
course with honor to the State, It was time that
this boundary difficulty had been definitively ad-
justed. This Government had been too longsleep-
mg on it; and if the Governor and Legislature of
Maine had not made a movement, demanded by
the necessity of protecting their property as well
as their jurisdiction, we should still have been
asleep on the subject. He rejoiced that they had
shown a becoming sensibility, firmness, and cour-
age, with regard to their rights; and he hoped
the Committee on Foreign Relations would indi-
cate some means, or recommend some decisive
measure, to bring this great question to an imme-
diate issue.
Mr. WILLIAMS, ofMaine,said that Senators
were unable to perceive how itwas that Sir Johm
Harvey or the British Minister, Mr. Fox, could
assert a claim to exclusive jurisdiction in the dis-
puted territory, resulting from any agreement or
understanding between this Government and
Great Britain; and while Mr. W. denied that any
such agreement was ever made, ye the could easily
conceive that such agreement might be as well
proved as the claim of the British Government
was proved to any portion of the territory in dis-
pute, and in the same way; it was not that there
is any foundation for either claim, but by diplo-
matic correspondence, by which alone Great Britain
had succeeded in bringing into dispute the treaty
line, about which there was no uncertainty, and
which this Government never should have suf-
fered to be a subject of dispute or negotiation.
The independence of the United States might as
well have been brought into question, after the
treaty of peace, as the established limits of one of
the States, according to its ancient and known
boundaries; but it had been suffered to be made
a question, and, for the last twenty-five years, a
subject of negotiation and diplomaticcorrespond-
ence, in which alone is to be found any pretense
for the British claim to any portion of the dis-
puted territory; and, in the course of that nego-
tiation and correspondence, there have been claims
and pretenses enough advanced on the part of
Great Britain, and generally denied by this Gov-
ernment, to furnish as good a claim on their part
to exclusive jurisdiction as there is to the torri-
'. tory itself. And it is not to be denied that this
Government, for the sake of preserving peace,
and in the hope of settling the boundary, has
S yielded to many assumptions by British diplo-
i matists which we may find cause to regret. The
¡ agreements and understandings as to the posses-
sion and jurisdiction are not very explicit, and
have been repeated in so many forms that it is
I difficultfor any one to comprehend precisely what
I was intended; and, although he would by no
i means admit that they sustained the claim now
set up by the British authorities to exclusive ju-
risdiction, yet he could easily imagine that the
British Government would insist that they do SO;
and it will be a long time before they will agree
that they do not sustain that claim. We have
already "declared the British pretensions to the
territory in dispute to be unfounded; we now deny
that there has been any agreement by which the
British authorities can claim exclusive jurisdic-
tion; but let another period of twenty years' ne-
gotiation pass on, and who can say what will be
the result upon either point?
The Senator from Kentucky thinks that Maine
should have given notice to the General Govern-
ment of her intention to proceed against the tres-
passers, before carrying into effect her resolves in
the manner she did; and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania regrets that her Governor did not send
to Sir John Harvey a copy of her resolutions,
and notice of her intentions to execute them? Why
so? Is not Maine a sovereign State, and has she
not the right to make and execute her laws for the
preservation of her property within her own lim-
its, without first giving notice to this Government,
or to the Government of a neighboring province?
Has not Maine the right to determine for herself
