216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
25th Cóñg.::.3d Sess.
-Kr_peMses of Investigating Committee—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
tend my thanks to the honorable gentleman from
JJew York, for his gratuitous remark that I was
wasting the precious time of this committee by
making a speech for my constituents. Sir, I have
a" stronger hold on the confidence and affections
of my constituents than to deem it necessary to
make a speech here,and on this floor, to gain ad-
ditional, or retain former, favor. They know,
from past experience, that, if need requires it, I
can and have effectively advocated their interests,
and never yet proved derelict to political princi-
ples the profession and practice of which has car-
ried me triumphantly through more than one se-
vere political contest. Away,-then, with the
suggestion that I am speaking for effect at home.
I am strong enough there to need no other advo-
cate than a continuance of my steady opposition
to men and principles, as heretofore evinced in
my political career, and to support those which
both they and I prefer from .choice and convic-
tion.
But, Mr. Chairman, I ask to be allowed to con-
tinue my remarks". I demand it from the cour-
tesy of this committee; for a member who is hut
a tyro in debate here;'for one who .has never yet
trespassed on your time. I demand it, sir, to
enable me to " define my position." And I ask
you, sir, why should I, an humble member of
the Committee of Accounts, be denied the priv-
ilege of a short time to define my position, when
the Goliahs of debate have, repeatedly, occupied
nearly the whole of a day's session in defining
their position, when it is matter of notoriety to
all, that their position was undefinable, and that
these six-hour speeches, in either wing of this
Capitol, did not contain a sentence on the ques-
tion before the Chair. Sir, I must be allowed to
say, that these professional gentlemen, these gen-
tlemen whose peculiar vocation is to spin out
definitions without number, from undefinable po-
sitions, do not mete out to me as 1 have meas-
ured to them, when they thus endeavor to in-
terrupt, with a hope, or intention, perhaps, to
prevent, by their frequent and loud calls of
" Order! " the definition of positions that I mean
to make, if allowed to proceed in my remarks.
But, sir, should the galled jado so wince as to
compel me to resume my seat before the aforesaid
definition is fully made, I promise them that,
though I am thus rendered incapable of giving
ready pay for a sixpence, 1 can and will draw for
a shilling; and, on this subject, Mr. Chairman,
in an hour's lime, this evening, with the help of
my good grey-goose quill, I can and will assur-
edly draw for at least half a crown.
The CHAIRMAN here peremptorily called
Mr. M. to order; but the question being put, he
was allowed to proceed.
Mr. MORRIS. Mr. Chairman, I am not well
versed in the tactics of this body, and feel greatly
at a loss what motion to offer you, which will
allow me to take a peep " in order" at investi-
gating statistics. A friend suggests to strike out
the enacting clause, which I now move, and fol-
lowing the example of an expert tactician, in so
doing, I promise not to detain you more than
five minutes, which, by strict Tennessee meas-
urement, means three quarters of an hour.
Sir, I am perfectly sensible that I am, and have
been, out of order in the train of my remarks,
strictly speaking, but not practically so. I am
also aware that fought not now, at this late period
of the session, to unnecessarily intrude myself on
the courtesy of the committee, so generously ex-
tended to roe, and will therefore proceed to define
*' the position" as briefly as possible.
The following resolution was this morning
offered by an honorable member from Maryland:
" Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be in-
structed to settle and certify the accounts of the members
of the committee of investigation into the defalcation of
bamuel hwamvout and otheis, on the same principles as
regulated the settlement of the accounts of the investigating
committee on the late Hank of the united States."
Well, sir, this resolution simply, in its terms,
and in apparent accordance with an adopted and
settled principle-of this House, passed, without
any remark, and almost, as a matter of course,
by acclamation, whilst I, my humble self, was
endeavoring to reach the Speaker's ear by vocif-
erating "Mr. Speaker" at the very top of my
voice. I failed in this, as I also did, to attract his
attention, by waving aloft my position account.
Some friend near me moved a reconsideration of
the vote just taken; the reconsideration was re-
fused by a large majority, a vast proportion of
whom, I verily believe, acted on the supposition
that they were but supporting a long established
usage, the practical effect of which, I am confi-
dent, was hot understood by three fourths of
those who voted on the question.
Mr. Chairman, I will now, as briefly as pos-
sible, give (he history of the deed at arms, in
which the little Committee of Accounts,ventured
to " couch a lance" with the investigating com-
mittee.
The following account was presented by the
investigating committee:
Jloiise of Representatives,
To Select Committee on Defalcations, Dr.
Cash paid Astor House for sixteen and a half days' board
of six members, namely: Messrs. Harlan, Wise, Smith,
Curtis, Hopkins, Dawson, and Mr. Fendall, their clerlt,
(wines and liquors not included)...............$4n0 10
Extra charge for rooms, lights, fuel, &c...........  110 00
Paid messenger..................................      6 44
Messrs. Owens, Foster, and Wagener's bill at
American Hotel............................... 210 00
Mileage, five hundred miles each lor nine membera,il,800 00
Same for clerk.................................  200 CO
$2,700 S4
The above bill was withdrawn by the chair-
man in consequence, I suppose, of the determined
opposition of the Committee of Accounts against
allowing the charge for mileage, and the follow-
ing bill was substituted:
House of Representatives of the United States,
To Select Committee on Defalcations, Dr.
February, 1839. To'cash paid Astor House and American
Hotel for use of rooms for committee, lights, flies, and
attendance...................................$2G0 00
Cash paid hlaelc man for services as messenger...      6 44
Traveling from Washington to New Yorlc and
back, two hundred and fifty miles each way, five
hundred miles, at eight dollars for every twenty
miles for each member of committee, namely:
Messrs. Harlan, Wise, Curtis, Dawson, Hop-
kins, Smith, Owens, Foster, and Wagener, $200
each.........................................1,800 00
Do. do. (o Mr. Fendall, clerk...................   200 00
$2,0GG 4-1
I certify to the correctness of the above.
J. I1AUI.AN, Chairman.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not mean to say
that the first account, as given now by me, is
strictly correct, because it was withdrawn by the
chairman on presenting the second account; but
I do assert that the sum of $2,72G 54 (the items
being from memory) does not vary ten dollars
from the original bill, which the committee were
all willing to pass, except as to the mileage; and
in lieu of this, we were ready to allow them fifty
dollars each, a sum that we all knew, from per-
sonal and actual experience, would abundantly
cover all reasonable legitimate expenses of trav-
eling from this place to New York and back.
This bill, if settled and certified by the commit-
tee on their principles, would have given to each
member of the investigating committee the sum
of $6 13 per diem, supposing them to have been
absent twenty days, which is, I believe, the time
they were absent from this place.
On presentation of the second account, amount-
ing, as before stated, to $2,266 44, the Committee
of Accounts were reluctantly induced to yield,
and allow the gross amount of $1,600,and directed
their chairman to say this was the utmost, unless
a particular account was presented, in which case
we should exercise a liberal and sound discretion
in passing on its items.
Sir, I beg you to bear in mind that the bare
suggestion of an exhibition of an itemized account
was scouted at, almost as an indignity offered to
high minded and honorable gentlemen. Sir, in-
dividuals do exist of an extremely sensitive char-
acter, men who will start at their own shadows.
Cut I have yet to learn on what principle it is
that expenses incurred in the public service can,
or ought to be, of a nature not to be exhibited to,
and passed upon, by a committee whose peculiar
province it is " to superintend and control the ex-
penditures of the contingent fund of the House
of Representatives, and to audit and settle all ac-
counts which may be charged thereon;" and in
connection with this part of my" position," why
was it that a certified copy from your Register of
the Treasury, of the bill of a former committee
of investigation, was deemed necessary to acconv
pany the first statement? Did those gentlemen
who offered it discover it in the course of their
investigation of abuses? or did they deem the
Committee of Accounts soentirely void of knowl-
edge of their appropriate duty, and deficient in
sound and liberal discretion, as to be unable to
act without the light and force of this precedent,
which was thus laid on their table in advance of
any objections ?_ I will not stop to inqiii'ie how
far papers of this description ought to be the rules
for the government of the Committee of Accounts;
but I can assure you, Mr. Chairman, that we
will not be bound by what our unbiased judg-
ments pronounce to be bad precedents, and that
this is not the first case wherein we have felt our-
selves compelled to depart from the " line of safe
precedent."
Sir, this liberal allowance of $1,600 for the ex-
penses of nine members and their clerk, for twenty
days, being a per diem to each of eight dollars,
is rejected, and the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Maryland is unexpectedly sprung
upon a regular standing committee of the House,
and has been forced through in a most unusual
manner; and the loud demand of that committee
to state the case to this House, was refused by a
large majority. Mr. Chairman, I have never yet
known a standing committee treated with so little
attention; a committee, too, whose special prov-
ince it is to audit, settle, and control the expend-
itures of this body, could not be allowed sufficient
time to express their views on the very business
committed to their supervision. With propriety
may we complain; but, sir,I will waive that, and
ask gentlemen if they are or were aware of the
practical effect of the resolution ? Do they know
that by this resolution they have agreed to pay
the investigating committee a sum of $2,266 41
for their personal expenses during a period of
twenty days; which, according to my arithmetic,
is equal to a per diem of $11 33? Why, Mr.
Chairman, I am unable to perceive how it was
possible for these gentlemen to swallow so many
of the good things of the Astor House, and yet
attend laboriously, sedulously, as we all know
they did, in producing, in concocting, the twenty
thousand ponderous octavos under which Stock-
ton, Stokes, and Company are doomed to stag-
ger. But, Mr. Chairman, to be serious on a
grave question, I cannot, for my life, define the
position of the members of this investigating
committee as being other than that of persons
who live in glass houses, and who have thought-
lessly thrown stones at the passers by, forgetting
that reaction is sometimes even stronger than
action.
"We have all listened, or, at least, are supposed
to listen, to a vast amount of declamatory elo-
quence on the corruption, the reckless extiava-
gance, of other branshes of this Government,
whilst our own thoughtless profusion is passed
unnoticed. I say profusion, Mr. Chairman, lest
I may excite the sensitive feelings of certain gen-
tlemen, and be supposed to have trespassed
against the dignity and privileges of this august
body, than which nothing is further from my
thoughts and intentions; for 1 would not, design-
edly, use an expression that could be tortured
into an invasion of the vocabulary that is alone
admitted on the sunny side of Dixon and Ma-
son's line.
We learn, Mr. Chairman, from high authority,
that " the laborer is worthy of his hire." To
withhold the just earnings of any one has never
been the desire of the Committee of Accounts.
But for what purpose shall that committee again
assemble and examine the validity of claims pre-
sented to them, if, at a moment unexpected by
any member of that committee, this House as-
sumes to overrule our action, and, without even
examining the force and application of n pre-
tended precedent, increases the compensation of
a few members of our body to $19 33 per diem,
and sternly refuses the poor the common courtesy
of listening toa mere explanation. Such reform
as this is worse than the calamity they would have
investigated; in truth, the remedy is worse than
the disease.
The principle is to be considered as being now
established by a solemn vote of this House, that,
