1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLÓÉE.
Í223
25th Cong....3d Sess.
passed by the General Assembly of Virginia rati-
fying and confirming the fifth article of the ordi-
nance of 1787. In that act the fifth article of the
ordinance is recited at length. One clause of that
article is in these words:
" Provided, The constitution and government so to be
formed shall be republican, and in conformity to thcprinci-
flei contained in these articles.1'
Thus, by ratifying the fifth article, the General
Assembly of Virginia, in fact, confirmed the whole
ordinance in regard to the principles and terms
upon which new States were to be formed in the
North west Territory. So much for the allegation
that the proceedings under the ordinance have
been in violation of the compact with Virginia.
This last argument of the gentleman cannot
apply to the State of Missouri. That State formed
no part of the lands ceded by Virginia. It was
included in the purchase from France, and paid
for out of the national Treasury. His objection
would only be applicable to the land lying east of
the Mississippi and north of the Ohio, for that
was the only territory affected by the ordinance
of 1787, The same reservations, however, have
been made by Congress in all cases on the admis-
sion of new States, whether the territory was
ceded by the States for the common benefit, or
paid for out of the common Treasury.
I also understood the gentleman from Missouri,
to urge that the ordinance and subsequent acts of
Congress making reservations of the land were
void, because there were no agents.or represent-
atives on the part of the Territory.
Mr. HARRISON explained by saying that the
ground he had assumed was, that the compacts
by which the new States were admitted were void,
as there was but one party to the compact capable
of contracting.
Mr. PARKER. Then, Mr. Speaker, this is,
in substance, a plea of infancy, and before I pro-
ceed to discuss it, I will call the attention of the
House to the first clause of the third section of
the fourth article of the Constitution, which pro-
vides:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States,"
Th acts of Congress on this subject are, there-
fore, constitutionally binding, and no assent on
the part of a Territory or the inhabitants of a
Territory is required. But if it is necessary to
go further, there is enough to show that valid
compacts have in all cases been entered into.
TakeMissouriforexample. Onthe6th ofMarch,
1820, an act was passed by Congress prescribing
the terms on which Missouri might become a
State, and authorizing the calling of a convention
to frame a constitution. The usual conditions,
that "the Legislature of that State should never
interfere with the primary disposal of the soil,"
and that " no tax should be imposed on lands
the property of the United States," were exacted.
These conditions were assented to by the people
of Missouri, in convention, on the 19th July,
1820, and were recited and expressly acknowl-
edged in the tenth section of the constitution
framed at that time. Butif a plea of sucha char-
acter is interposed—a plea of infancy, for the
purpose of avoiding a fair and express contract,
on the ground that Missouri was not a State at
the time of the contract, then I call your atten-
tion to the fact that Missouri, after she became a
State, and while exercising the full powers of
sovereignty, expressly ratified the contract she
had made during her minority. In an act passed
by the Legislature of that State on the 1st of
March, 1825, for the purpose of raising revenue,
the unsold lands are admitted to be the property
of the United States, and are declared exempt
from taxation. I have not examined thestatutes
of the other new States for the purpose of show-
ing that similar laws have been enacted in all of
them; but of that fact I suppose there can be no
doubt; and I am not aware that any attempt has
ever been made, in any of them, to tax the lands
belonging to the General Government.
It was also objected that the reservations made
by Congress were unconstitutional. So far from
it, sir, the rights of the Federal Government to
the public domain are expressly reserved by the
third section of the fourth article of the Constitu-
-Public Lands—Mr. Parker.
tion, which, on the subject of the territory of the
United States, provides that
" Nothing in tins Constitution shall beso construed as to
prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any partic-
ular States."
This left the rights of all parties to these lands
precisely as they existed before the adoption of
the Federal Constitution, and was no doubt in-
tended to protect the rights of the United States
to their lands under the deeds of cessions, and
also the rights of North Carolina and Georgia,
which had not at that time ceded to the General
Government. The lands of the United States
continued to be held as a common fund for the
benefit of all the States, and the ownership of all
the unappropriated lands became complete in the
Federal Government, when the deeds were sub-
sequently executed by North Carolina and Geor-
gia.
For the purpose of showing that the convention
which framed the Constitution did not intend the
General Government should retain the disposal
of the soil of the vacant lands, reference has been
made to the proceedings of the convention, by
which it appears the following amendment was
proposed by the delegates from Maryland on the
30th of August, 1787":
" The Legislature of the United States shall have power
to erect new States within, as well as without, the terri-
tory claimed by the several States, or either of them, and
admit the same into the Union: Provided, Tliat nothing
in this Constitution shall be contlruc'l to affect the claim of
the United States to vacant lands ceded to them by the late
treaty of peace.""
This amendment was rejected, eight States
voting in the negative, and only three in the
affirmative. It is now urged that, in consequence
of the rejection of this amendment, it is fair to
infer the convention did not intend the United
States should retain the right to these lands. At
best, this is a negative argument, and rests en-
tirely upon inference. Yet, I confess, it struck
my mind with some force, and it was not until I
had carefully examined the proceedings of the
convention, that I became satisfied it was entitled
to no weight. To what was this amendment
proposed? Not to the Constitution as it now ex-
ists; if it had been, the inference would be legit-
imate; but it was offered as an amendment to the
draft of a constitution, reported by a committee
of five, which was then under discussion. At
that time, the clause of the Constitution to which
I have referred, and which reserved the claims of
the United States to these lands, had not been
adopted; but it was proposed and adopted on the
same day, after the rejection of the amendment
alluded to, and in place of it, only one State
voting in the negative.
The gentleman from Missouri also cited the
case of the People vs. Godfrey, reported in seven-
teen, Johnson's Reports; and with an air of tri-
umph that denoted his confidence in the correct-
ness of his position, called my attention to the
opinion there expressed by the supreme court
of my own State. Courtesy, therefore, requires
me to point out to him its inapplicability to the
question before us. The only point made in that
case was whether the State courts or the Federal
courts had jurisdiction of a murder committed in
Fort Niagara; and that question arose, not under
that section of the Constitution to which I have
already referred, but under another section of
that instrument, viz: the eighth section of the
first article, which provides that Congress shall
have power to exercise exclusive legislation in all
cases whatsoever " over all places purchased by
the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same shall be, for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need-
ful buildings." The court says the right to ex-
clusive legislation is exclusivejurisdiction, which
I freely concede; and it was held by the court
that the State courts had jurisdiction of the offense
charged, because it did not appear the United
States had ever acquired title and jurisdiction by
purchasing the fort with the consent of the Le-
gislature, in the mode pointed out in the Consti-
tution.
Apply this doctrine to the new States. Mis-
souri has the right to exclusive legislation within
her limits, and she therefore has the exc.usive
jurisdiction. But does it follow that she must,
therefore, be the exclusive owner of the soil ?   I
Ho. of Reps.
can by no means subscribe to this doctrine of
eminent domain. I cannot admit that the reserva-
tion by the United States of the right to the
" primary disposal of the soil," is at all incon-
sistent with the sovereignty of the new States.
Political jurisdiction does not necessarily carry
with it the right of soil. In Maine, a large por-
tion of the vacant lands is still owned by Mas-
sachusetts. Is the ownership of these lands, by
Massachusetts, inconsistent with the sovereignty
of the State of Maine ? Was New York any the
less sovereign when the State of Massachusetts
owned lands within her limits ? Or did-it detract
from the sovereignty of Ohio, that Connecticut
owned the " Western Reserve" in that State?
On the contrary, the distinction between jurisdic-
tion and right of soil is expressly recognized. If
land for a fort be purchased by the United States,
the right to the soil is usually -obtained from an
individual, but the jurisdiction is conferred by
act of the State Legislature. In the deeds by
which the States conveyed the vacant lands to
the United States, this distinction is fully recog-
nized, the expression used being " all right, title,
and claim, as well of soil as of jurisdiction." On
the 28th April, 1800, an act was passed by Con-
gress, authorizing the President to convey, by
letters patent, to the State of Connecticut, all the
right and title of the United States to the soil of
that tract of land called the " Western Reserve,"
on certain conditions; one of which was, that
Connecticut should release to the United States
its jurisdictional claim to the same tract of land.
This condition was complied with, and deeds
were accordingly executed by both parties. II
cannot be necessary to cite other instances, in
which jurisdiction and right of soil in vacanl
lands, have been transferred separately, and
vested in different States.
But the Federal Government, by the several
compacts with the new States, has continued to
hold the public lands exempt from taxation, and
this is characterized as an act of injustice and op-
pression. As an answer to this charge, I hava
only to say that the grants to the new States, as
a compensation for this exemption, have been
more than an equivalent; they have been liberal
in the extreme. By the terms of admission, each
new State is entitled to one thirty-sixth part of
the lands within its limits for the support of com-
mon schools. Under this provision alone, tho
new States and Territories have become the own-
ers of nine million three hundred and five thou-
sand two hundred and eighty-seven acres. In
addition to this, four hundred and eighty-four
thousand three hundred and twenty acres hava
been granted to the new States for colleges, acad-
emies,and universities; thirty-five thousand threa
hundred and eighty-nine acres for seats of gov-
ernment and public buildings; three hundred and
twenty-nine thousand six hundred and twenty-
nine acres for salines; two million five hundred and
thirty-five thousand seven hundred and thirteen
acres have been granted for roads and canals;
making an aggregate of twelve million six hundred
and ninety thousand three hundred and thirty-eight
acres of land conveyed to the new States and Ter-
ritories. It is further provided that each new State
shall have the benefit of five per cent, of the net
proceeds of the sales of land within the State; and
this now amounts to nearly four million dollars.
As to the States north of the Ohio river, two per
cent, of this sum was to be expended, under the
direction of Congress, in constructing roadsleading
to these States. This has furnished the pretense
for the construction of the Cumberland road, upon
which more than six million dollars havealready
been expended by Congress, although the two
per cent, reserved would amount to but little over
a million and a half of dollars.
I do not complain of these grants of land to the
new States; I have only called the attention of
the House to them, to refute the charge of in-
justice that has been made; to prove the liberality
that has been exercised; to satisfy, if possible,
even the gentleman from Missouri himself, that
his State has been provided by the General Gov-
ernment with means of education and internal
improvement, infinitely more ample than any one
of the old States has enjoyed. The rapid ad-
vancement of these new States in wealth, popu-
I lation, and improvement, furnishes conclusive
