238                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             [February 4,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                              Abolition Petitions—Mr. Moore.                                           Ho. of Reps.
is true, that the Congress of 1789 deemed proper
to propose an amendment to the Constitution rec-
ognizing " the right of the people peaceably to
assemble and petition the Government for a re-
dress of grievances." The statesmen of that day,
as well as those of the present, were too much in
the ha'oit of looking to England', not only for pre-
cedents, but for political principles and practices.
And from that source did they derive their ideas
concerning the sanctity and importance of the
right of the people to assemble and petition their
Government. That the right of petition has ever
been held dear and sacred by the oppressed and
down-trodden subjects of Great Britain, is not to
be marveled at. Nothing could be more natural
than that a people, whose political franchises had
been wrenched from them by the iron hand of
despotic power, should esteem it a boon to be
graciously permitted to assemble and make known
their wrongs, and to petition, to supplicate, for
redress. It was the only avenue to the throne
which tyranny had left them; the only mode to
obtain, or rather to solicit, redress, which the Sov-
ereign had vouchsafed them. The grievances
complained of by British subjects—I speak par-
ticularly in reference to by-gone times — were
mostly general in their effects and political in their
character, and originated with the Government;
and the only general or political remedy, if rem-
edy it could be called, which the subjects were
permitted to apply, was to assemble and petition
the Crown relative thereto. Hence, ever asso-
ciated with the " right of petition" is the idea of
an expression of the public sentiment, or of the pub-
lic Will. But with what propriety this identical
idea has been transferred to the American Consti-
tution, I confess I am at a loss to determine.
In England, especially in the reign of King
John, of "Magna Charta" memory, and of the
first three Henrys, the people loudly and earn-
estly clamored for the right of petition, because
their voice could only reach the throne through
the medium of supplication—of petition. It was
the omnipotency of the prince on the one hand,
and the impotency of the subject on the other.
Under such circumstances, it was not only nat-
ural but politic for the subject to address the sov-
ereign in the abject language of supplication—of
petition. But, sir, does it become American free-
men, the sovereign people—in whom alt power re-
sides—to approach their Representatives, then-
agents, their servants, thp creatures of their own
making, with the abject, servile language of pe-
tition, prayer, supplication? No, sir, no! Thank
God ! it is the peculiar province, the proud priv-
ilege of the American people, to speak to those
in power, on all subjects of general political mo-
ment, in the potent and authoritative language of
instruction—of dictation. And who will affirm that
the right to instruct, to dictate, docs not supersede
the poor privilege to petition? What, sir; shall
it be deemed a privilege for the creatorto supplicate
the creature 1 The master to petition the servant ?
Why, sir, this would be inverting the order of
things with a witness. I hold that it is not befit-
ting the American people to address the language
of prayer, of petition, of supplication, to any
power save that of Almighty power. When free-
men pray, let them supplicate the only power
superior to their own—the God of the universe!
But, sir, it is not my intention to dwell longer,
at this time on this subject. On some future day
1 may enter fully into a discussion of this ques-
tion. It shall now be my object to prove—ad-
mitting the right of petition, as I now do, in all
its length and breadth—that the citizens of the
States have no right to petition Congress to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia. Let no
man charge me with a desire to strangle the right
of petition in order to make out my case. I hold
that I am not obnoxious to the charge. I am the
last man that would attempt, by word or deed,
directly or indirectly, to embarrass or abridge the
legitimate exerehe of any valuable right. Nor,
sir, would I bring any important privilege into
disrepute or contempt by the abuse of it. And I
contend that it is as much an abuse of this priv-
ilege for the citizens of the States, and especially
the non-slaveholding States, to petition the Amer-
ican Congress to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia, as it would be for such citizens to
petition the Parliament of Great Britain, or-the
French Chamber of Deputies, for alike purpose;
or as it would be for the citizens of Maine to pe-
tition the Legislature of Virginia to abolish sla--
very within the limits of that State. No man in
the possession of his wits, having the least ac-
quaintance with the character of our Government,
will assert that it would be a denial of the right
of petitionfor the Legislature of Virginia to reject
petitions from the citizens of the State of Maine,
praying for the abolition of slavery. And if it
would not be a denial of the right of petition in
this case, how can it be a denial of that right for
the Legislature of this District to reject petitions
of like import from citizens of the States ? Would
it not be equally proper for the citizens of the
District of Columbia to petition the Legislature
of Massachusetts to pass laws for the relief and
amelioration of the condition of the laborers em-
ployed in the manufactories of that State, as for
the citizens of Massachusetts to petition Congress
to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia ?
If a rejection of petitions would not be a denial
of the right of petition in the one case, how could
it be so in the other? Por I contend, and shall
show most conclusively, that the citizens of the
District of Columbia have the same right to in-
terfere in the internal police of Massachusetts
that the citizens of Massachusetts have to interfere
in the internal police of the Districtof Columbia.
It will be perceived by the House, from what I
have stated, that I regard Congress as the local
legislature of this District; standing in the same
relation, in one respect, to the citizens of the Dis-
trict, as do the State Legislatures to the citizen
of the States. Entertaining this opinion, then, I
contend that the rejection by Congress of petitions,
coming from citizens of any of the States, praying
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, is no more a. denial of the right of petition
than it would be for the Legislature of Maryland
or of Arliansas to reject petitions coming from
citizens of Vermont or Rhode Island, praying for
the abolition of slavery. It will be conceded by
all—at least by till professing the Democratic faith
—that " every free citizen must be represented;" and
that the power of the representative is derived from
the will of the represented. This elementary prin-
ciple of the American Constitution forms the
basis of all legislation. This being so, it follows
that the free citizens of this District " must be
represented." Previous to the cession of the
" ten miles square," by the States of Maryland
and Virginia, the citizens of these States residing
within the present limits of this District were rep-
resented by the respective Legislatures of these
States. And as neither Virginia nor Maryland
had the power so far to disfranchise their citizens
as to deprive them of " the right to be represented,"
that right, of course, remains unimpaired. The
States making the "cession" could delegate no
power to Congress which they themselves did not
possess; consequently,Congress can exercise no
power by virtue of the " acts of cession," which
it would not have been competent for those States
to have exercised. The citizens of the District
of Columbia, therefore, like all other free citizens,
are entitled to be represented. And as they are
not represented by the States which made the
"cession, "they must, necessarily, be represented
by Congress, to whom the " cession" was made.
But what must be regarded as decisive on this
point, is the fact that Congress may tax the citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, just as a State
Legislature may tax the citizens of a State. Sir,
the character and genius of our free Government
preclude, repudiate, and abhor the idea of taxation
without representation. Sir, the Congress of the
United States are the representatives of the citi-
zens of the District of Columbia. Congress, as
a legislative body, exercise two species of legis-
lative power over this District; the one Federal,
the other municipal. The first, limited as to its
objects, but coextensive with the Union. The last,
unlimited as to objects, but inoperative beyond
the territorial limits of this District.
The relation in which Congress stands to the
citizens of the District, therefore, is twofold.
First, as the representatives of the whole Union;
and second, as the local Legislature of the Dis-
trict. In theiatter capacity, Congress stand pre-
cisely in the same relation to the citizens of the
I District as the'State Legislatures do to the citi-
zens of the States; and, consequently, are as much
bound, in all their acts affecting merely this District,
to obey the will of the people residing within the
limits of the District, as are State Legislatures to
obey the will of the citizens of the States. With-
out the consent of the people of the District,
therefore, Congress have no right to abolish sla-
very within its limits. Congress, as the Federal
Legislature, acting in their federative capacity,
have no more right to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia than they have to abolish sla-
very in the State of South Carolina. If Congress
possess the power at all, they can only exercise
it as the local Legislature of the District, and in
pursuance of the will of the citizens residing
within the limits of the District. To affirm the
contrary, to assert that the municipal institutions,
the domestic or local rights and interests of the
citizens of the District of Columbia are subject to
the arbitrary will and control of the citizens of
remote, distinct, and independent States or com-
munities, or, which is in effect the same, of Con-
gress, is to assert that the people of the District
do not possess the right of self-government, and
that the power of Congress over them and theiis
is plenary and absolute. Who will avow this
openly ? Who will say in direct terms, that Con-
gress, or the citizens of remote States, through
their immediate Representatives in Congress,
may rightfully and constitutionally interfere with
and control the whole internal police of the Dis-
trict, in defiance of the wishes and regardless of
the remonstrances of its citizens? Who, 1 ask,
will openly confess himself the advocate of doc-
trines and principles so alien to the character and
genius of our Government, so fraught with tyr-
anny and despotism, and so utterly repugnant to
the great principle upon which our institutions are
founded—the right of the people to be represent-
ed, or, in other words, the right of the people to
self-government? Let him who would strike at
the rights of a community remember that the
blow would be equally dangerous to liberty as if
aimed at the rights of individuals.
I shall be told, of course, that, by the sixteenth
clauseof theeighth section of the first article ofthe
Constitution ofthe United States, Congress have
"exclusive jurisdiction over the ten miles square."
Well, sir, howare we to understand this exclusive
legislative power? Why, sir, in the first place, it
was evidently the intention of the framcrs ofthe
Constitution to exclude from the territory em-
bracing the seat of the Federal Legislature the
jurisdiction of the States which should cede such
territory, as well as all other State authority.
And, in the second place, that Congress, as the
local Legislature of such District, should assume
the jurisdiction and exercise the legislative pow-
ers surrendered up by the States which made the
" cession;" and Congress, in pursuance of this
right of " exclusive jurisdiction," exercise the
same legislative functions over the District of
Columbia, when acting in their local capacity,
that the State Legislatures do over the States.
When Congress, therefore, act in pursuance of
their exclusive legislative power over the "ten
miles square," they abandon their national func-
tions, and assume the functions of a local or State
Legislature; and all the laws passed by Congress
when acting in this local capacity are limited in
their operation to the territory comprising the
" ten miles square;" just as the laws enacted by
a State Legislature are inoperative beyond the
limits of such State. In other words, laws passed
by Congress in their local legislative capacity,
are no more obligatory beyond the bounds of this
District, than are laws passed by the Legislature
of Maryland, for example, binding beyond the
limits of Maryland. In this opinion I am fully
sustained by a decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States. The court decided that the
tickets in a lottery authorized by a law of Con-
gress within the District of Columbia, could not
be vended in the State of Virginia, in contraven-
tion of the laws of that State. (Cohens vs. Vir-
ginia.)
The general or national powers which Con-
gress exercise over, and which are binding ttpore,
the States, were delegated by the States; and the
powers of '* exclusive legislation," which Con-
gress exercise over the District of Columbia, and
which are effective only «¡ii/iin the District, were
