242________________________AFPESrOIX 'TD THE CONGHESSIQNAIi GrLQBE.______________[February 23,
25th Con«....3d Sess.                              Ermgrané Indians-—Mr: Seviér,                                      ' . ;..    .   Senate.
Chickasaws, and Cherokees, have, to some ex-
tent, written laws for the internal government of
their respective tribes.- The Delawaresyl under-
stand, are about imitating their example. With
these exceptions, the whole of these ninety-five
thousand Indians, who are divided into upwards
of twenty tribes, who speak different languages,'
who reside adjoining each other, and many of
whom entertain for each other mutual -hereditary
animosities, have for their government no inter-
national law.
To avoid the disastrous consequences which
must inevitably result from this critical condition
of things, this bill is proposed, by which it is
thought these twenty-two tribes may be induced
to adopt some general code by which their differ-
ences, of whatever character, may be amicably
adjusted.      •
This important object, the Committee on In-
dian Affairs believe, can be effected under the
auspices and influence of the United States, and
riot with their countenance and support; and I
need not tell you, sir, that we feel great solicitude
tipon this subject, as we believe that unless some-
thing of this character is speedily done, we shall
have war among the Indians; and when those
wars are once begun, we all know that they will
not be confined to Indian soil, but that they will
spread and extend themselves to our border set-
tlements, and involve them in their dreadful con-
sequences.
This important view of this subject seems to
have been taken by the proper department some
years ago. In 1833 a commission was constituted
by our Government, the object of which was to
promote harmony and good feeling among the
Indian tribes. In 1834 similar efforts for similar
purposes were made by the Government, and
with some success. The chiefs of different tribes
were brought together in council, and through the
instrumentality of ou.r agent, mutual engagements
of peace and friendship were entered into by
those chiefs; and for twelve or eighteen months,
these engagements had a most salutary effect.
But for the last year or two, for some cause or
other unknown to me, these councils have ceased
to command the special attention of the Govern-
ment; and losing that support and patronage,
they have been abandoned by the chiefs them-
selves, and hence stealing and murder, as form-
erly, have once more become, with many of them,
the order of the day.
To show you, sir, to what extent these things
are carried on in that quarter, I will trouble you
with reading a few paragraphs from a work to
which, in the course of my remarks, I shall have
occasion frequently to refer. The work is enti-
tled " An Annual Register of Indian Affairs in
the Indian Territory," and is edited by the Rev.
Isaac McCoy, with whom it is my good fortune
to bo slightly acquainted; a gentleman of exten-
sive information, of fervent piety, of active en-
terprise; one, sir, who has devoted the 'ast twen-
ty years of his life in the laudable efforts of
striving to civilize, Christianize, educate, and
improve the moral condition of the Indian. It
is from the printed work of such an author that
I will now read to the Senate a few paragraphs:
" In 1833 the Government convened councils of a gen-
era! nature, of delegates from various tribes, and induced
them to exchange mutual promises to be at peace with one
another. This measure, though it touched the subject but
slightly, nevertheless produced a good effect. All parties,
for some time, abstained from depredation and murder.
Tliese councils not being repeated, the parties felt less re-
straint, and ultimately returned to their foimer unkind
treatment of one another; and thefts and murders have
become more frequent with each' succeeding year.
" The Osages are accused of destroying hogs and cattle
belonging to the neighboring tribes, to a considerable
amount. Horse stealing is frequent in divers places, car-
ried on by the worthless of different tribes. By some, the
work is almost reduced to system. They will steal horses
in the southern parts of the Territory, or in Texas, and
convey them north, and there steal others, and take back
on their return.
" But, besides the renegadoes, whose crimes are disap-
proved by their well principled countrymen, there are
others engaged in these and in worse practices, for which
they are honored by their respective tribes, according to
Indian custom. The Kauzaus have brought into their vil-
lages at least thirty stolen horses within the last summer
and autumn. The Osages have stolen, perhaps, a greater
number, among which are some valuable horees belonging
to the citizens of the United States. In August last, a
large drove of horses was stolen from one of the Osage
villages.
" In April, 1838, a few Pawnees made a friendly visit to
the Sauks and loways, on Missouri. As they were return-
ing to their homes, a party of Kauzaus fell in with them
and attacked them, and killed one.
" In August last, the Kauzaus and Osages sent" out a
party, consistingof about eighty warriors. They surprised
a party of Pawnees, and took eleven scalps. Four of their
men were killed, and two wounded. A few of the united
party separated from the main body. These also had a
battle, and took five scalps, making seventeen killed by
those tribes, of whom we have obtained certain informa-
tion. Reports of other murders, committed by other tribes,
have been In circulation. On the 1st of September last, a
war party of about twenty Kauzaus were out, the result of
which we have not heard.
" In the months of June, July, and August, the Rev. M.
Merrill, missionary to the Otoes, accompanied that tribe on
their buffalo hunt, which lasted more than two months."
They saw three war parties of Pawnees, the first was a
party of thiity, who had been to the Cheyennes to steal
horses. They had, first, a skirmish with the Cheyennes,
and had been defeated, with the loss of one killed and one
badly wounded. They next fell in with a party of Ounges,
and were again defeated with the loss of two men killed.
"The second was a party of ten, which had started to
the Osage villages to steal horses. One of their party was
bitten by a snake, which induced them to return without
accomplishing anything.
" The third party said they were going to the Cheyennes
to steal horses, but it was believed that they designed com-
mitting depredations upon the Osages.
" Near the western boundary of the Cherokee country a
bloody battle was fought the last summer, (1838,) between
the Ktawus and Caraanches on the one side, and the Chey-
ennes on the other.
" A detachment ofdrnpoons, in command of Lieutenant
Piorthup, was on an expedition m that country, and arrived
at the ground two days after the battle. The Kiawas and
Camanches were encamped, and had heard of the approach
ofihc detachment. As the Cheyennes advanced to attack
their enemies, they were met by the latter about a mile from
the encampment. The latter were slowly beaten back into
their encampment, though disputing desperately every inch
of ground. The whole scene was in an open prairie. The
women dug holes in the earth, in which to hide themselves
and children. The Cheyennes continued to make dreadful
havoc of their wretched enemies, and would have soon re-
duced the whole to a heap of corpses, when a messenger
from camp mounted ahorse, and set off to meet the detach-
ment of dragoons to solicit assistance. As he was leaving
a Cheyenne, who understood the language of the Caman-
ches, was informed by one of the latter, that the messenger
had gone to hasten the white men and Osages, where they
every moment expected to come to their assistance. The
Cheyennes instantly retired, leaving fourteen dead on the
ground, besides tho dead that had been carried off during
the action. Fifty-eightof the Kiawas and Camanches were
killed. More than one hundred horses lay dead on the
ground, chiefly within the encampment.
" From time immemorial many of the Osages have been
in tiic habit of spending the winter in the country.east of
their present villages from fifty to one hundred and fifty
miles. The country is now within the State of Missouri,
and covered by a very sparse white population. The latter
found the Osages troublesome, and m the autumn of 1837
drove them back to their own side of the line ; and in sev-
eral instances, in which the Osages Reemed obstinately in-
clined to remain, they were severely whipped. The Osages,
exceedingly distressed for food, being almost in a state of
actual starvation, for some time continued, at the risk of
life and limb, to cross the line by stealth, with women and
children, for the purpose of hunting the game for lood. The
whites having reason to fear that habit and hunger might
have such influence upon these wretched people that a
greater force than they could embody would become neces-
sary for their expulsion, adopted measures to inciense their
strength, and in the month of October an army of five hun-
dred militia came to their assistance. They scoured the
country along the line a distanco of upwards of one hun-
dred miles, and found about one hundred of these miserable
beings—men, women, and children—and conveyed them
across the line into the Indian country. Notwithstanding
these admonitions, the more Bevere of which had been so
deeply impressed upon the back as to be seen and felt for
many weeks, hunger within,and staring in the countenance
of others, including mothers, wives, and children, urged
them to continue secretly to cross the line. Their sign was
frequently discovered by the white inhabitants, who be-
lieved that- their stocks of cattle and swuie suffered by these
incursions.
" In March, 1838, it was discovered that two hogs had
been killed by a party of Osages. Nineteen of the citizens
armed themselves with rifles, and went in pursuit, with a
view of flogging the depredators. The latter were over-
taken near the line between the whites and Indians. The
Osages were in camp: the number of men about twenty,
besides the women and children. The whites asked for
the persons who had committed the depredation. Some
altercation followed, and, in the mean time, an Osage was
seen loading his gun, with which he said he designed to
kill one of the party with whom he was quarreling. While
he was in the act of loading, he was shot dead by two
of the party. Others fired on both sides. The Osages fled
into the woods, having two men kilted and one wounded.
Two of the whites were wounded, one of whom died a
few days afterwards."
Sir, relying upon this information, as the Sen-
ate must, I think they will agree with me that
many months will not elapse, unless something
be done to arrest these depredations, and mur-
ders, and bloody battles, before we shall witness
in that quarter of our country Indian wars upon
* This party consisted of eight hundred souls—men, wo-
1 men, and children. They killed fifteen hundred buffaloes,
a grander scale than ever existed before upon
this continent. Yes, sir, and. at the same time
more destruction, arising from the circumstances
of their proximity to each other, and of being
better armed now than they ever were before.
Sir, the Committee on Indian Affairs, viewing
the subject in the light I have endeavored to pre-
sent it to the Senate, and wishirt  to furnish the
remedy for the existing evil, offer this bill for
your acceptance. They offer it as a measure of
peace, and one which, in their opinion, is amply
sufficient,-if faithfully administered by the Exec-
utive authorities, to preserve from extermination
the wretched fragment of the Indian race. These
are among the leading objects of the bill, but
they are not the only objects. We desire some-
thing more. We desire to civilize and improve
the condition of the Indian, by imparting to him
our institutions and religion, and our arts and
sciences; and to do this successfully he must
have peace and repose.
Sir, when we remember who these Indians
were, and what they are, we anticipate, in this
most noble, disinterested, and benevolent enter-
prise, the efficient aid of the Senate. Let us, upon
this occasion, lift ourselves above our prejudices,
and forget, for a moment, the history of the bloody
and exterminating wars, which were carried on
upon this continent for several centuries, between
our ancestors and the natives of this country;
contests, as we all know, which have resulted in
the subjugation and overthrow of the one race
by the arms and skill and courage of the other.
Sir, the millions of these natives, who once in-
habited the Atlantic coast, are at this day no
where here tobe found. And this extensive and
invaluable country, which was theirs, and for
which they fought, is ours now. We hold undis-
puted dominion over it. We have derived it from
them by gift, or by purchase, or by conquest
No descendants of theirs, if there be descendant 
of the original proprietors, is found to question
our title to the whole of it. Let us remember the
kind and hospitable reception of ourancestors by
the natives of the country; a reception which has
been perpetuated by carved figures in the walls of
the rotundo of the Capitol. And in remembering
these things, let us this day step forward and do
something for our wretched dependants worthy oí
a great, a merciful, and generous christian people.
Public sentiment will sustain us in such an effort.
Sir, our intercourse with the Indian, which has
met with the approbation of our constituents, has
undergone, during the last few years, a very ma-
terial change. We no longer purchase his lands
for beads, and tobacco, and paints, and strouding,
and beaver traps, and other such worthless gew-
gaws. No, sir; no. We give him now a fair
equivalent in something more substantial. We
give him implements of husbandry, cattle, hogs,
houses, farmers, mechanics, and teachers, and
heap up to him money in almost countless thou-
sands. And what, Mr. President, have been the
happy results growing out of this new, though
just and liberal policy ? It is most grateful to the
heart of humanity to contemplate it. Results
have sprung from it which no one, a few years
ago, ever contemplated.
Sir, in 1817, a little upwards of twenty years
ago, when the first effective step was taken to
colonize the Indians west of the Mississippi, we
find it stated in the preamble to the Cherokee
treaty of that date that the object of this coloni-
zation, as understood and expressed by both
parties, was exclusively for hunting. Improve-
ment or civilization of these emigrants was not
dreamed of by the worthy negotiators of that
instrument. We find in the sixth article of that
treaty these words:
" The United States do also bind themselves to give to
all of the poor warriors who may remove to the west side
of the Mississippi, one rifle-gun and ammunition, one blan-
ket, and one brass kettle, or, in lieu of it, one beaver trap,
which is to be considered a full compensation for the im-
provements which they leave."
Sir, they went thither with the avowed pur-
pose, and with the necessary accouterments, for
remaining in their original barbarity and ignor-
ance, and to enjoy unmolested their savage pro-
pensities for war and for the chase.
The number of those who emigrated was about
three thousand.   Instead of pursuing the chase,
j as was Anticipated, they went to work; and in
