1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Emigrant Indians—Mr. Sevier.
SEf
1835, in the space of about eighteen years, they
had increased to four thousand. They had ac-
quired propeity, had become agriculturists, and
had become civilized to a great degiee, as I will
idiow you by referring again to the Register of
Indian Affaiis.    Mr. McCoy says:
"They own numerous salt springs, three of which are
worked by Cherokees. The amount of salt manufactured
is probabiy about one hundred bushels per day.
*' riiey also own two lead mines. The salt work* and
their lead mines are in the eastern portion of their country;
and all the settlements yet formed are within this eastein
poition, which embraces about two and a half million
ticies.
"Like the Choctaw, the Cherokee nation embraces nil
conceivable conditions between refinement, intelligence,
and wealth, and the opposite extremes but little removed
from the original state. The earlier emigrants ai e, perhaps,
in more comfortable condition than the same pi ©portion of
any other tribe within the Territory, But with the latge
accession ot late emigrants, theie has necessarily been an
augmentation of uncomfortableness.
" Some of them own immense herds of cattle. We counted
upwards of two hundred at one tune within sight, grazing
on the prairies, belonging to one man ; and it was thought
he owned about one hundied more. It was thought by
eome intelligent white men in their country that within five
years past they had sold between six and seven thousand
head of cattle.
"They probably own three thousand horses, fifteen thou-
sand five hundred hogs, six hundred sheep, one hundred
and ten wagons, a plow, and often seveial plows to each
farm, several hundred spinning wheels, and one hundied
looms.
"They cultivate all kinds of culinary vegetables common
to the western country; raise corn in abundince, and have
commenced the growing ot wheat. Their fields are inclosed
with rad fences They have, generally, good log dwellings,
(for a new country,) many of which have stone clnmnejs
to them, with plank floors, all erected bv themselves Their
houses are furnished wuh plain tables, chau«, and bed-
steads; and with table and kitchen furniture, nearly, or
quite, equal to the dwellings oí w hue people of new conn
tries
"They have seven native merchant*, one regular physi-
cian, and, unfortunately, several steam doctors. Several
of them have, at divers tunes, become part neis in large con
tracts for furnishing the United State  Army and emigrant
Indians. The traveler finds among them houses oí public
entertainment, with neat and computable accommodations.
The Cherokee Government, though highly creditable to
them, is not fully systematic and judicious, like that of the
Choctaws. This maybe accounted for by the unsettled
condition of the affairs of the Cherokees for borne y eats
past. The laws extant m theTermory are such as "have
been adopted by the earlier emigrants, since their settle-
ment in this countrv , and are not a transfer of the code to
which the larger portion of the tribe were subordinate on
the east of the Mississippi.
"Their settlements are divided into four districts, each
of which elects, ior the teim of two years, two members oí
the national council—the title oí which is 'TheGeneial
Council ot the Cherokee Nation.' By law, it meets annu
ally on the first Monday in Octobei. They have three
chiefs, which, till lately, have heen chosen by the general
council. Hcieafter they are to he elected bv the people.
The approval of the chiefs is necessary to the passage ot a
law. but an act upon which thej have fixed their veto
may become a law by the vote of two thirds of the council.
The council consists of two branches. The lower is de-
nominated the Committee, and the upper the Council The
concurrence of both is necessary to the passage of a law
The chiefs mav call a council at pleasure, and m several
other respects they retain, m some degree, the authority
common to Indian chiefs. Two judges belong to each dis-
trict, who hold courts when necessary. Two officeis, de-
nominated light horsemen, in each distuct, perfoim the
duties of sheriffs. A company of six or seven, denominated
light horsemen, the leader of whom is styled captain, con-
stitute a national corps of regulators, to prevent infractions
of the law, and to bring to justice offenders."
This, Mr. President, is the present condition
of these three thousand Indians who, in 1819,
went, as I have already told you, west of the
Mississippi. These are they, the wildest of their
tribe, who, about twenty years ago, left behind
them their own people, their hallowed homes, and
the graves of their foiefathers, because their of-
fensive enemy, civilization, was successfully ap-
proaching their wigwams.
Sir, the poorest and most miserable of the in-
digenous tribes of that region, in consequence of
a. change in our policy towards them, and in con-
sequence of having a permanent home, and of
being undisturbed by our people, seem to have
imbibed a spirit of industry and improvement,
and to be rapidly rising up from their prostrated
state of degradation. Yes, the poor Otoe, whose
naked body was never covered, until lately, with
any other garment than a buffalo skin, is now
seen holding the handles of a plow, and is to be
seen busily engaged in tilling the earth for the
subsistence of himself, his wife, and children.
Mr. President, within the limits of the pro-
posed Territory there are eighteen emigrant tribes,
who number in population about seventy-three
thousand two hundred, and there are eight indi-
genous tribes, whose aggregate number is about
twenty-one thousand six hundred, making, in
all, al)out ninety-five thousand. In this estimate
I have not included the wild Indians of the prairie
or the mountains, or those residing north of the
Missouri, or around the sources of the Missis-
sippi, as all of these are without the limits of the
Terutory. Of those whose condition we are now
considenng, the principal and most influential,
and, with a few individual exceptions, by far the
best informed and civilized, are the Choctaws,
the Chickasaws, the Cheiokees, and Creeks.
Many of these have learned our language, our
religion, our literature, our ugncultuia] pmsuiU,
and mechanic aits. Some of them studied our
forms of Government, and have organized their
Government for their respective tribes, in imita-
tion of our?. They have punting presses among
them; they publish newspapeis in the English
and Indian languages. They punt their school
books and almanacs, &c; and Guess, a full-
blooded Cherokee, an untutored savage, has had
the lasting honor of inventing for the Cherokees
their alphabet. Several of the tribes provided
for the establishment of schools, several of which
aie now in operation, and at which some hun-
dreds of Indian youths arc now annually edu-
cated. Several of the tubes have setapait large
sums of monpy, forever, of which oui Govern-
ment is the Uustee, for purposes of education.
And, sir, sis you aie well awaie, theie are now
annually educated,at your residence, in the heart
of Kentucky, some two or three hundred Indian
boys, at the voluntary expense of the Indians
themselves. These tribes have among them sev-
eial shrewd, intelligent, wealthy, native mer-
chants, who annually impoit into the country
many thousand dolíais' woith of merchandise.
They have mills and gins and cotton farm?,
and in 1837 the Choctaws made and sent to market
six hundied bales of cotton, which was worth
upwards of twenty thousand dolíais.
They raise every year a huge surplus of corn,
hogs, and cattle, which they dispose of, in part,
by contiact, to Government, to feed the emigrat-
ing Indians and supply the troops of our garri-
sons. But, sir, as this inquuy must be inteicst-
ing to the Senate, I will be more particular, and
read a few extracts from the work I have previ-
ously referred to Speaking of the Choctaws,
the author of this work says:
"They aie improving m civilization and comfort. Their
houses and fields indicate a good degree of industry. Many
have large fauns. They own much live stock, such as
horses, cattle, sheep, and swine are pretty well supplied
with farming utensils. They own about six hundred negro
slaves.
"■ Thev own thiee flouring mill-., two cotton gms,eighty-
pifjht looms, and two hundied and twenty spinning wheels.
They have thnteen native merchants, besides white men
engaged m the tame buenos
" In respect to civilization, there is great difference among
them Some have fullv adopted the habits of civilized man,
many are in comfortable circumstances m life, and some
may be said to lie wealth}' 1 rom these moiefavoiable ru-
cumstances all grades ot condition e\i-t, down to the In-
dian who is ad\anecd but little in civilization.
"The best evidence ot the improving condition of the
Choctaws is seen in an entire change m their government,
which they have effected, from the baibarou  to the civil
ized. We cannot now assemble chiefs and headmen among
them, and tiansaet business with them relating to their peo-
ple, as i? the custom among uncivilized tubes. The system
ot chieftaincies has been abolished
" The tribe denominates itself ' The Choctaw Nation '
It has adopted a written constitution of government, sunt
lar to the Constitution of the United State Their decla-
ration of rights secuies to all equal privileges, liberty of
conscience, excluding all religious tests, it secures ti tal by
juiy, and, in a vvoid it provides tor all that is felt to be no
cessary m the incipient stages of political existence The
constitution may be amended by the national council.
"Their countrv is divided into four judicial districts
Three of these districts annually elect, by popular vote,
each nine member-, ot the national council, and the fourth
elects, by the same mode, thirteen membcis; m ail, forty
These are allowed three dollars aday while engaged m le-
gislating Within each district an officer, denominated a
chief, is elected for the term of fom yeais. The national
council meets annually on the fust Monday in October. It
consists of forty members, the nece-sary clerks, a light-
horseman, (sergeant-at arms.) and doorkeeper. It is also
attended by the chiefs, who have an honorary seat provided
for them t>\ the side ot the &peakei,but they have no voice
in debate in council Their signatures arenecessary to the
passage of a law. The> may veto an act, but it may be-
come a law by The concutrence of two thirds of the coun-
cil notwithstanding The council i& styled * The General
Council of the Choctaw Nation.' It adopts by-laws ioi
its government while in session; it elects a speaker and
other requisite officers, and appoints appropriate committees
to adjuu matter  for legtsl uion.   All wntings are in Eng-
lish, but are read on in the Choctaw language    All discus-
sions aie earned on in the Choctaw language.   Each mem-
j bu, when about to speak, rises, and le-peelfully addie=ses
I the Speaker, using the Choctaw woid lor Speaker, adding
the syllable ma, which neaily coi responds with the English
Mi  or sir.   T he question is put in the ioun customaiy in
legislative bodies, and the \ote is given by rising    The pre
hmmarv. of a law is, ' Be it enacted by the General Coun
eil of the Choctaw Nation > In future the constitution and
i laws will be printed in both the Choctaw and English lan-
guage    By the constitution the government is composed of
tour departments, via- legislative, executive, judicial, and
i military    Three judges ate elected by the people in each
¡ di-mct, who hold inicnoi and superior courts within their
I ie&pective districts    Ten light-horsemen m each district
1 penoim the duties of sherinS, and the sum of $,200 per an-
num is allowed to each disti ict for their compensation. An
act has recently been passed for the organization  of the
militia
"individual Indians have frequently become civilized,
and subject to the laws ot white men, but the Choctaws tur-
ni=h the fii&t instance among the abonginal tribes of Amei-
ica, of self government, diverted of the baiMrous customs
which belong to the savigc state Jt is tiuly giatif>mgUiat
the law-- of a co t monwealth have been established withm
the Indian teintorv so soon after the plan of otganuingan
Indian government had been undertaken by the Govern-
ment of the United State-, it evinces the capacity ot the
natives to think and act for themselves; and it may be
looked upon as a sine presage of the success ultimately of
the design of the Government to place all the tubes m the
enjovment of such blessing*;
" The following buef narrative of the manner in which
our business was attended toby the hist General Council,
to vv Inch we ptesentcd loi consideration the bill for the or-
ganization of the [ndian territory, does not fully comport
with the design of the Register, nevertheless, as it relates to
a period winch will bf maiked a  a new era in the history
of the Indians, and as the readei cannot feel perfectly sat-
isfied with general remarks, because, if we would under-
stand the true condition of a people, wc must have before
us an unvarnished stoiy of their affan  in common life, we
will inset t it ■
'■ On out am val we informed a member of the council
that we had been commissioned to transact business vvi'h
the Choctaws, and inquired in what manner it could be
brought before them. He said a wiitten notice must be sent
to the Speaker, and politely offered to sctve us in present-
ing any pipers that we desired A communication was
accoiehntrlv conveyed to the Speaker, \\ho,m due form,
submitted it to the consideration oí the council. It was
decided by a vote that vre should, at a given tune, be intro-
duced into the council A beat vv is propiied,anmteipieter
appointed, and a committee ot two sent to inform us, ami
to conduct us to our seat H wing íeceived our communi
cation, the subject was for the present dismissed bv the
council, to be considered m us pioper place in the order of
business.
" There was in the vicinity only one houqe of public en-
teuamment Foi want of room m the tavern, and for the
sake of economy, a majority of the members,and of others
in attendance, boarded themselves in camp. This session
lasted much longer than had been anticipated. The conse-
quence was some inconvenience for want of supplies, and
gieat anxiety to adjourn, which with many was increased
on account of their business requiring their presence at
their homes. Notwithstanding this state of anxiety, on a
Satmd iv night they unanimously voted not to sit on the
Sabbath, and, by a unanimous vote, invited a minister of
the Gospel to pieach m the hall, and appointed an inter-
pretei, and a committee to notify him. All this was done
without a hint fiom a white man to prompt it. A congie-
gation never behaved vvithmoie proptietv under the pleach-
ing of a chaplain m Congress Hall than did this m the na-
tional hall of the Choctaws.
" Our business was referred to a committee, which re-
ported The council, in the discussion of the subject and
in miking out its lesponse, sat with closed doors. Their
communication was sent to us by a messenger.
" We then informed one of the members that we should
be happy to take leave of the. council m a formal and fnend
1> manner They passed a resolution, by which they sent
a member and invited us within the bar, and heard fiom us
a briet larevvell address, at the conclusion ot which the
speaker and all the membf rs rose from the ir seats, and re-
mained standing until we had retired
<■ They sit in council with heads uncovered, excepting
some in Indian costume, who wear turbans There were
miny animated speeches. We could not understand asm
gle sentence, but were charmed with the gracefulness with
which the speakers disengaged themselves from their seats,
and delivered their speeches Intonation of voice was
sweet, and gesticulation appropriate; both of them free from
those extremes of high and low, of storm and calm, which
too often injure speeches hi legislative bodies Some of
those who weie prominent m debate were full-blooded In-
dians, m the Indian costume.
" Man}7 of the counselors, no doubt, will soon figure as
statesmen. We forbear, in tins place, to mention names,
because we should he compelled either to do injustice to
some, or to fill up too much space. On one occasion a
verj animated debate arose, m which two ardent voung
men responded to each other in two or three pretty long
speeches, m which they used written notes."
Of the Creeks, he states:
" They cultivate corn, and all the vegetables common to
the climate and countrv. They spin, weave, sew, and
follow other pursuits of industry. Their fields and dwell-
¡ns  resemble those of white people in new settlements
Many of them have large stocks of cattle. The contractors 
for turnishuig supplies to emigrant Indians have purchased
of the earlier emigrants vast quantities of corn; anion?
