244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 97,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Northern Frontier—Mr. Broman.
Ho. of Refs.
other-, the annexed amount of purchases have been made
from the toilowing persons prior to the crop of 1837.
Of Lewis Pcrrvman.........$3,650 worth of com
O'Mr ITarrtrich...................  4,500          «
OtlMniel Grijson..............   1 5U0          "
OfKichard Giayoon   ..............   1,500          "
Of George Grayson......   1.500          "
Of Mrs J Mcintosh, (widow,). ...   1,400          "
Inal).....................$14,050          "
" Before the crop of 1837 had been harvested, contracta
were made for upwards of twenty five thousand dolUis'
worth ot com Vast quantities still remain unsold Even
the latter emigrants, who arrived, in their country the win-
ter and spring previous to the cropping season of 1837,
though they had to prepare new fields, in the months of
September and October of the same year sold to the con-
tactors ,$10,000 worth of corn. They have two native
merchants
"Notwithstanding the Creeks, as a people, are in the
roar of the Choetaws and Cherokees Jn regard to civiliza-
tion, there is much intelligence, refinement, and wealth
among them."
Sir, I will not weary the patience of the Senate
by further extracts-, I will only add that all the
statements which I have read to the Senate will
be found to be fully corroborated by the official
reports of Messis. Armstrong and Blown and
otheis, made at the last session to the War De-
partment, and which were, as the Senate will íe-
member, communicated through that Department
to Congress. These reports were printed, and
are now to be found in our public Journals of the
last session. Should any honorable Senator de-
sire further information upon this interesting sub-
ject, I refer him to these reports.
Mr. President, these are the people in whose
behalf the Committee on Indian Affairs invoke
your legislation. These are the people whom we
desire, in the faithful discharge of our covenant^
with them, to pieserve from exterminating wars
among themselves. These are they whom we
desire to civilize and improve, and to keep from
falling bade into their original state of savageism,
from which they have so recently and but so par-
tially emerged.
Hero, Mr. President, I should conclude my re-
marks, were it not that an impression seems to
prevail in the mindsof some gentlemen that the In-
dians will not willingly rtccept of this bill or com-
ply voluntarily with the terms it proposes. Sir,
if no attempts had boen made to ascertain their
sentiments upon this subject, I should "my, with
great confidence, fiom my knowledge of the In-
dian character, that such lmpiessiona are not well
founded.
The Senate will recollect that this is the third
time this bill has been introduced into this body,
and that the Indians have been vei y minutely ap-
prised of our movements upon this, as they-are,
generally, upon all subjects connected with their
interests. 'Many of them have seen copies of this
bill, and have had its several provisions explained
to them Those who understood it bave given
their assent to it in the most unequivocal manner.
Eleven of the tribes have assented to the terms of
this bill, and* should it become a law, are ready
to comply with each and all of its provisions.
But it is tiue,asl understand, that the Choetaws
look upon it with jealousy, and have been in-
duced to consider it as the lii st stepfor their remov-
al farther towards the "settingsun,"and, onthat
account, as I undeistand their agent to state, they
disapprove of it. Sir, let them understand this
bill, and, mora than that, our motives in passing
}t, and I will guaranty that they will accept of it
mostgratefulfy. Why should they, of all others
the most inteiested in such a measure, refuse or
be unwilling to meet their brethren in council to
form a confederacy for general purposes > I can
see no good reason for their refusal.
By the fifth section of this bill it is made the
duty of the supei intendent to " invite the chiefs
of the various tribes, or parts of tribes, embraced
in this act, to unite m a, general council, for the
purpose of forming a confederation, for regulating
the intercourse and preserving peace with each
other, andfortheir assent to-such of the provisions
of this act as may require their cooperation oras-
sent; and such articles of confederation and such
assent shall not be binding on any -tribe unless
subsequently assented to by such tribe in coun-
cil, or by its delegates duly authorised, for thétt
tmrpose."
Is there anything in this section, Mr. Presi-
dent, (and this section is the essence of the whole
bill,) which looks like the first step for driving
them further to the west' And, by the first sec-
tion of the bill, after describing the boundary of
the Territory, and giving it a name, it is stipu-
lated that those lands " shall be, and the same
are hereby, reserved foriheuse of the various In-
dian tribes who have, or may have, a light to the
same; and the faith of the United States is here-
by pledged, that such parts of said Indian terri-
tory as have been, or shall be, granted or ceded
to any of the Indian tribes, are, and shall be, se-
emed to them and their descendants, and the Uni-
ted States will cause patents to be issued to said
tribes, respectively, according to the terms of
such grants or cessions." Has this the appearance
of a dispostion, on our part, of harboring the
treacheious design of driving our red brethren fur-
ther to the west ? No, sir; no such base treachery
and violation of our plighted faith, I am proud
to say, has ever yet sullied the escutcheon of an
Ameucan Senate. The Senate, sir, is incapable
of stooping to such degradation, or of packing
upon their consciences such a load of infamy.
Sir, we have no Huch views, our object is to ben-
efit, and not to injure; to pieserve, and not to
destroy. Sir, peimit me toinform my led bieth-
íen that, if cvei they are intruded upon by our
citizens, that intrusion will appioach them fiom
the west, or fiom the shores of the Pacific, be-
yond the Rocky Mountains. Let them look for
the " palu faces" in that direction, for they have
nothing to fear fiom them from any other quai ter
In short, sir, they object to the bill, not for what
it contains, but for what it does not contain.
In any event, this will be a harmless measure,
as it can opeiate only upon those who voluntauly
assent to it. And should it be rejected, after fully
understanding it, and, in consequence of that
rejection, the evils we anticipate should fall upon
those unfortunate human beings, it will, at least,
be a consolation foi U3 to icflect that, as humane
guardians, wc-have done our duty in tiying to
avoid those calamities
By the eighth section of the bill, we give to the
confederated tubes a delegate, to reside at the seat
of Government. Being a member of that com-
mittee wbose duty it is to take cognizance of all
subjects i elating to Indian niTaus, I feel authorized
in saying, that I have no doubt that the inteiests
both of the United States and of the confederated
tubes would be piomoted by having a delegate
here to consult and advise with Such a boon,
addressed to aspiring ambition, it is thought,
would also have a happy tendency.
Before concluding my remaiks, it is proper for
me to say a word or two upon the subject of
administering the Indian territorial government.
And upon this particular bianch of the inquiry I
beg leave to avail myself of the estimates of my
fuend and late colleague upon the committee,
[Mr. Tiptok,] who, from his superior knowl-
edge, and the great time he has devoted to the
consideration of this subject, in nil its various
bearings, is much more to be relied upon than aie
any calculations of mine. I íegret, sir, that any
circumstance should have called him from his seat
before this bill had been disposed of, and, most
of all, such a circumstance as that of domestic,
family afflictions
The parallel which he draws in administering
the intercourse laws in the pioposed Temtory,
and the expensesof the goveinment proposed by
this bill, was stated by him in his speech of the
last year     He says-
Present annual expenditures uwfer existing laws vnthin the
y> oposcd Indian Ten ttory
five agents, at ¿1,500    .........................$7,500
roar sub agents, at $750.....................   3,000
One clerk, at $1,000   ..........................  1,000
Seven interpreters, at $300...................... 2,100
Twenty five gun and blacksmith , at $840.........20,000
Seven farmers and assistants, at §800 ............. 4,200
Twelve teachers, at (lorn $833 to §840       .....        6,960
Three miller*...............................   1,700
One millwright, (vacant,).........................    600
St Louts Supennteniency.
One superintendent.............................. 1,500
One interpreter................................... . 300
Twoclerks...................................  LfOO
One laborer......................................___"¡J
«53,340
Expenses of proposed Territorial Government.
Superintendent's salary...........................$2,000
Clerk's salary.................................     8)0
Subsistence of delegates attending general council     2,000
Punting laws and regulations...................     300
Contingencies....................................   1,000
$6,100
" At the end of the first fonr years after the territorial
government goes into operation, one half ot the agents, sub
agents, and interpreters may be dispensed with, and after
the expiration of eipht years, every agent, sub agent, and
interpreter may be discharged, leaving the superintendent,
the chiefs, and the general council the management ot the
entuc business of the territory Among the emigrant
tribes, there are a number of young men of talent, well
educated, and wanting employment These men. with the
assistance of the superintendent and council, will be able
to manage all the business for the people within their Ter-
ritory Offices will be created for them to aspire to, and it
will, X have no doubt, be found the interest of both oar
Government and the Indians, at no distant day, to Withdraw
every white man holding an office from the Territory, leav-
ing the Indians to manage their own concerns for them-
selves.                           *
"The expenditures will soon be still further reduced, by
discontinuing tho onisans at present employed among the
Indians, undtr treaty stipulations, as above stated, all of
whom, excepting two, are engaged for limited periods,
namely
During the pleasure of the President............18
At the discretion of Congress.,...........          4
For five years    ...          ....................4
For ten years     ...........................8"
Tor sixtei n years.............,.............3
Tor twenty years___        .           .........4
Tor thirty yoars   ............................ 5
Uncertain.................................11
" Some of them have been several years engaged, and
may soon be dischaigcd Jn the year 1859, the term of ser-
vice for the longest engagements will expire. At that period
we can withdraw the last of our mechanics from the service
of the Indians, and it is proper that we should do so
" It will become the duty of the head of the Indian de-
partment to intnrm the Indians that our Government will,
at the tnd of the present engagements forwhite mechanics,
discontinue them. The superintendent an<l all other offi-
cers of the Territory will see the necessity of placing In-
dian youths in workshops, either within their 1 vrntory or
elsewhere, to leant all branches of mechanism, to be pre
pared lor the time when our present engagements to furnish-
them will Ime expired
" When wo shall disconumie the practice of furnishing
mechantes and laliorers to work for the Indians, the ex-
penses of the terntoiial government will be reduced to
§0,100 pii annum "
Such, sir, are the calculations he makes, and
I have no doubt but they will be found in prac-
tice to be very correct
Mr President, allow me, before I conclude, to
express, in a word, my regret that this bill does
not seem to find favor with the department. It
is a measure which the Committee on I-ndian
Affairs, backed by the late and present Execu-
tive, have been striving for years to consummate.
I regret this unexpected opposition, because for
that officer I entertain the kindest feelings, and
believe the sentiments he expressed in bis late
repollare the honest convictions of his mind;
and yet I must say that I have read his report
without being convinced of my error.
I will trouble the Senate no further. We, sir,
have discharged what we consider our duty in
bringing this matter before the Senate, and in
their hands I leave it.
NORTHERN FRONTIER.
SPEECH OF HON. I H. BRONSON,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February Zt, 1839.
The general appropriation bill being under consideration,
Mr. Bell moved to s rike out the enacting clause.
Mr. BRONSON said:
Mr. Speaker: I have not risen at this time to
go into a general examination of the expenses of
the Government or the appropriations contained
in this bill, but shall confine myself chiefly to
such as relate to the northern frontier, which Í
am more particularly induced to do at this mo-
ment in consequence of the remarks of the honor-
ahlegentlemanfiom Tennessee,[Mr. Bell,,] from
whom We have just heard a reiteration of some
charges which have before been made by that
honorable gentleman in relation to the course of
the Administration respecting the border diffi-
culties on that frontier, and the action of the
