1839.]                                      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
25th Cong.....3d Sess.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Biddle.
Ho. of Reps.
in the administration of our affairs would tell the
English Government that this mattei must be set-
tled, that, if not settled by the 4th day of July
next, we will run the boundary line according to
the treaty, and we will occupy the country, and
then remove us if you can
[Much applause fiom the galleries ]
The PRESIDENT promptly called to order,
and said if there was a repetition of the noise the
galleries should be cleared forthwith.
Mr BROWN said that he dissented altogether
fiom the opinions which had been expressed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] as to the manner in which the negotiations
had been conducted, by the late and present Ad-
ministrations, in their efforts to bring about a final
settlement of this question. The Senator thinks
that ahigher tone should have been assumed, and
more energy exhibited, as if to a want of these
qualities was to be imputed the failure of success
jn adjusting the difficulties which, at this time,
threatens the peaceful relations subsisting between
this country and Great Britain. He had yet to
learn that a wantof firmness,orof aproper tone,
had been characteristic of either the pastor pies-
ent Administration, in conducting intercourse
with foreign nations. He believed that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and those who then
coincided with him in opinion, had thought very
differently at the period of our difficulties with
Fiance, when the proposition for a contingent
appropriation was befoie the Senate. Then the
complaint was, that there was too much energy,
and now it is attempted to cast censure on that
Administration, and the present, for exhibiting
less, as it is alleged, than the occasion demanded
Mr B. believed that every step had been taken
undei both, called foi eithei by the honor or m-
teiests of our country, to prosecute the negotii-
tion to a final settlement, and to secuie the rights
of the State of Maine. The late Administration,
after the rejection of the decision of the King of
the Netherlands, had proposed to renew the ne-
gotiation, on the basis of the treaty of 1783, which
was declined by GreatButain,andasinnlai prop-
osition by our Government, undei the present Ad-
tnmistiation, had also been declined What, then,
(«aid Mi. E ,) would the Senator have required
of the present Chief Magistrate > To have taken
possesion of the territory in dispute by a military
force > That was the only remaining alternative,
and would in itself have been tantamount to a dec-
laration of war, and the assumption of a íespon-
sibihty which no Chief Magistiate should take,
unless previously sanctioned by the authority of
the two Houses of Congress. If the Senator had
been so fully impressed with the necessity of
more energetic measures, why had he not brought
forward a proposition at the last session of Con-
gress, giving authority to the President to carry
them into effect'
Prom this it would be perceived that the Ex-
ecutive would not have been justified in pioceed-
mg a single step further in this controversy, with-
out the previous sanction of the legislative branch
of the Government.
He had deemed it his duty to say this much in
defense of the measures taken by the late and
present Administrations to bring this controversy
to a final settlement, and he would now add a few
words as to the aspect which it had at present
assumed. Although the question was one in-
volving interests which were of a local character,
yet it was not less incumbent on the Federal Gov-
ernment to protect those interests than it would
be if the immediate interests of all the States were
concerned. It was demanded as well by a proper
regard to our national honor, as by the most sol-
emn obligations of the Federal compact itself. If
the arrogant assumptions of Great Britain, lately
set up by some of her public officers, were pei-
severed in, he did not hesitate to declare that
they should be met by the strongest measures of
resistance. If she shall attempt to carry into
effect, by military occupancy, her claim to exclu-
sive jurisdiction over the disputed territory m
Maine, anxious as he knew his constituents were
for the preservation of the peace of the country,
yet he felt the utmost confidence that they would
be ready to unite in supporting the Government
in the most vigorous mea&ures to drive the ag-
gressors from her soil
Mr. WEBSTER said he would only ask the
Senator, since he had spoken of censure in regard
to the present Administration, could he tell of
one individual step taken in this negotiation since
the last session of Congiess'
Mr. BROWN said the Administration had
taken no step, for the very obvious reason that
Great Britain had declined fuither negotiation,
and theiefbre no step could be taken, unless it was
that of wai.
Mi. WALKER said he trusted that the ques-
tion of paity would not be introduced into this
discussion, but as it related to the welfare of our
common country, we should treat it in a manner
becoming American Senators. If there must be
a contest with a foieign Power, he trusted that,
instead of finding fault with what had been done,
they would endeavor to be unanimous in both
Houses of Congiess, and that theie would be no
division of the people of the United States.
Without, therefoie,entering into the discussion
at all on what ought to have been done by the
Administration, there was one thing in which Mr.
W most heartily concurred with the Senator from
Massachusetts, that the time was soon to come
when a power here ought to be assumed to settle
this question, as Great Britain had declined fui
ther negotiation as to theonlypomtreallyat issue,
which was to ascertain what was the boundary
of the tieaty of 1783. Then have we not (said
Mr W ) already avowed what must be the con-
sequences, when we asseited the right of Maine
to this teintory by the unanimous voice of the
Congress of the country > And it becomes us now
to declaic,that if Gieat Britain will not negotiate
on paper, it is our duty to negotiate fiom the
mouths of our cannon, and by the authouty of
the two Houses of Congress
In legaid to the withdrawal of the troops from
this tomtory, it is piecisely what Great Britain
desires, for thus Mame will be kept out of this
country, and, so long as that is the case, Great
Butainwill not negotiate Butif Maine continue
in actual possession, as I trust she will, then
Gieat Britain will be compelled to negotiate, or
determine whether she will yield or assert her
right to a portion of one of the States of this
Union by force of arms
Sir, I hope this will be no party question, but
one which will command the power, and lesult
in the honor of the whole country
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Maine, said he was
happy to say that the rumor which had alarmed
the Senate a few minutes before was without
foundation But Mr W. would not now have
risen but for the remarks of the Senator fiom
South Carolina, [Mr Phi-ston,] who seemed to
suppose that this arrangement (of Messrs Pox
and Forsyth) would bo sufficient Mr W now
read and commented on various parts of this ar-
rangement, and came to the conclusion that, after
Mame should have withdrawn her tioops, she
would not be authorized by the arrangement to
remove trespassers from the disputed territory,
which was a right that she would not be likely
to surrender.
Mr. CALHOUN said he did not think this was
an occasion to look at the past, or to declare what
ought to have been done, but there were two or
three propositions on which all would agree, and
one was, that a war between this country and
Great Britain would be among the greatest calam-
ities that could befall either us or them or the civ-
ilized world. The next was, that it ought to be
avoided, if possible; and the third was, if it must
come, it should come after full deliberation, and
a cautious exercise of judgment, both as to the
time, and as to the consequences
And now, what was our condition ? We weie
on the very edge of a war, and how should they
remove the present difficulty' If Mr. C. might
express an opinion, he would say that the Exec-
utive, whatever differences of sentiment might be
entertained in regard to proceedings heretofore,
had,mthisemergency,mamfestedgreatjudgment,
great prudence, and great sagacity. Mr. C. did not
think this arrangement could be permanent; but
it would get them out of a condition in which they
might be compelled to a war without being wilt-
ing. Mr C believed that this, of itself, would
be an advantage, for he did not believe that this
country or Great Britain desired a war.    But he
would refer the whole case to the comrtyttee with-
out a single word more; and giving this airange-
ment their sanction and that of the Senate, he
trusted these difficulties would be brought to a
peaceable termination, to the benefit of our coun-
try and of the civilized woild
Mi RUGGLES adducpd furthei evidence that
the rumor mentioned in the course of the debate
was unfounded, and that eighteen hundred of the
tioops of Maine were on the Aioostook.
The message and documents were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and five
thousand extra copies of them were ordered to be
printed.
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION.
REMARKS OF HON. R. BIDDLE,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Refrfsentatives,
Mm eh 1, 1839,
On the bill giving the President additional power for the
defense of the United State1;, &.e
Mr BIDDLE said he fully concurred in the
sentiment expressed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mi Adams,] that it was of the ut-
most impoitance to guard carefully against any
false movement We occupied now a high van-
tage ground, from which we ought not, if pos-
sible, to be allured or driven. The sub]ect had
come upon us lather unexpectedly in its new as-
pect. The mattei of jurisdiction is a subordinate
one With little time foi examination, we aie
summoned to make anasseition that involves pei-
sonal veracity, and, perhaps, the peace and dig-
nity of the country We are asked to take the
burden of piovmg to Gieat Britain and the world
that theie is no trace in the diplomacy of the
country of aught to countenance the pretension
setup by the Lieutenant Govei nor of New Bruns-
wick.
On the great question of right there cannot be
a doubt Mr. B said that, from an early and de-
liberate examination of the whole controversy,
he had been satisfied that our title was peifect to
the territory m dispute, and that England had not
a shadow of just claim So decided and earnest
were his convictions, that he had long ago startled
many of his constituents by adverting to the
chances of a war on this subject.
England will hold on to the last moment A
glance at the map discloses the vast impoitance
to her of the debatable ground. It lies between
her possessions on the Atlantic sea-coast and the
St. Lawience, and ovei it is the only route by
which troops can be speedily passed from Halifax
and St John's to Quebec During the late dis-
turbances in Canada, the forces were marched
across this teintory without our permission,
whereas, had it been within the undisputed limits
of the United States, they must have either ob-
tained our assent, or resorted to the tedious and
dangerous passage by the mouth of the St. Law-
rence
Owing to the delays attendant on the settlement
of the principle question, there had been imparted
to an incidental point a degree of importance
which it did not originally possess or merit I
mean the condition of the disputed territory pend-
ing the efforts at adjustment.
During the earlier stages of negotiation there
was preserved, with great distinctness, an under-
standing that each party should continue to pos-
spss that portion which was in actual occupancy,
but do nothing to extend or fortify its pretensions
over what lay in a wild state. Great Britain,
however, now alleges that an understanding has
grown up, in latter times, by which the tempo-
rary guardianship over the whole region has been
imparted to her exclusively This point has re-
cently assumed, as I before remarked, an unex-
pected importance
The State of Mame alleges that trespasses are
committed on the disputed territory by the cutting
of timber, &c, and that the British authorities
are not sufficiently alert in restraining this waste.
Hei Legislature lately, in secret session, took up
the subject, and ordered a party to be dispatched
to arrest trespassers. The Governor of New
Brunswick, Sir John Harvey, deems this an in-
