me                                AK^WIXTQ THE^QWKESSIOJÍALr-OtQBír,                          [March I,
2@TH JCON6...«:30 SeSS.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr* Biddh.
Ho. jwf Reps.
vasion of the exclusive jurisdiction alleged to
have beentransferred to the English authorities;
Maine denies the existence of any such agree-
ment; arrests have been made on the one side and
the other, and there have ensued declarations of
a purpose to enforce these conflicting claims by-
arms.
It cannot but be regretted—if war mustcome-^
that our clear advantage in the main and original
controversy should be lost sight of, or obscured
by the prominence suddenly given to a matter in-
cidental, temporary, and of no engrossing import-
ance.   The President justly remarks iu hiames-
" The parties more immediately interested cannot but
perceive that an appeal to arms, under existing circum-
stances, will not only prove fatal to their present interests,
nut would postpone, if not defeat, the attainment of the
Mai  o West's which? they have, in view."      -
Nor is it to be.forgotten that a war, with its
burden of taxation, will not long be carried on
with vigor and unanimity except on the broadest
and most intelligible grounds. The late war was
declared for injuries of a flagrant character, affect-
ing particularly the eastern States; yet, owing to
our miserable dissensions, we were glad to accept
the treaty of Ghent, which adjourned the ques-
tion of impressment, which gave up every dollar
of our demands against England for her long ca-
reer of spoliations upon our commerce, and which
brought upon us this very curse of the boundary
question. In the present state of the world, too,
a decent respect for its judgment must be main-
tained, as well as an eye to the opinion which any
friendly mediator may form of the pretexts for
hostilities. The first years of any wars between
this country and a great European Power will
always be disastrous to us. We never can b,e
fully prepared at the outset. It is desirable,
therefore, that we do not enter upon it except for
such palpable wrongs as may warrant and insure
ojir carrying it out, unflinchingly, to any extrem-
ity.
■I deprecate, therefore, the getting up of this
compajratively immaterial issue, more particularly
as it is by no means certain that we have on it a
clear and indisputable case. On the contrary, it
may be feared that a review of the diplomatic
correspondence will show that, owing to great
looseness and remissness on our part, to say the
least, there is color for the pretension advanced
by the agents of Great Britain.
How does the matter appear, even on'a hasty
fiance at the correspondence ?   In a letter from
Ir. MeLane, Secretary of State, to Sir Charles
Vaughan, dated December 2, 1833, he says:
<l It is-aliened that his Britannic Majesty's officers of the
Province of New Brunswick, by the seizure and sale of
timber cut by trespassers on the Aroostook, and afterwards
in the rightful custody of the agent of the State of Massa-
chusetts, have been the first to violate the existing under-
standing."                                                      !
Here, it will be sefin, the very question now
agitated was brought up more than five years
ago. Mr. MeLane makes formal complaint that
the British warden had taken out of the hands' of
the State authorities timber seized by the latter
as having been cut by trespassers on the Aroos-
took river. To this complaint the British Min-
ister replied as follows:
Washington, February 28,1834.
The undersigned, his Britannic Majesty's Envoy Ex-
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, has the honor to
cdrflrnunicate to the Secretary of State of the United States
the explanation which he has received from the Lieutenant
Govtrodr.'of New Brunswick, of a transaction complained
of by the land agent of Massachusetts in a report commu-
nicated to the undersigned, in a note from Mi. MeLane,
dated 21st Dweniber last.
The e«im>Ia(ft< arose out of the seizure of timber cut
down without authority upon the disputed territory, and
which, after Ivaiing been ¡¡eraed in the first instance by the
*Ki 1511. °-k Mapacluisetts, was taken possession of and
sold bythe British agent intrusted with the preservation of
the-disputed territory on the northeastern frontier of the
United States.
The explanation of this transaction Is contained in an
extract of a; letter to the undersigned from the Lieutenant
Governor of New Brunswick, arid the reiiort'of Mr? Bcck-
with, the ¡surveyor general of that Province, which the un-
dersigned has the honorto nietoáe in tmsuote.
The seizure of tire umber, ¡o the first instance, joy Mr.
Coffin, the land agent of Maine, ¿Massachusetts,] was the
exercise of authority within the conventional frontier of
the Province of New Biuns-wiefc, which could not be ad-
mitted so long as the northeastern boundary of the United
States remains a subject of negotiation; and it appears that
the proceeds of the sales of timber unlawfully cut down
are carried to account, and the possession of them will be
appropriated to the party to which the territory may be ad-
judged by the settlement of the boundary question.
The undersigned trusts that the explanation which he is
now able to give of this transaction will prove satisfactory
to the Government of therUhited States',
The undersigned has the honor to renew to Mr. MeLane
the assurances of his most distinguished consideration. '
CHAS. K. VAUGHAN.
The Hon. Lams McLare, #c, 4rc.
The letter of the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick, Sir Archibald Campbell, (the prede-
cessor of Sir John Harvey,) thus inclosed by Sir1
Charles "Vaughan to Mr. MeLane, is dated Pred-
ericltton, January 20, 1834, and contains the fol-
lowing explanation:
" Mr. McLaughlin was appointed to tlie wardensliip of
the country tmíA the knowledge and concurrence of the Pres-
ident ; and it is not conceived, therefore, lhat'any fair ground
of objection can be taken to his faithful performance of the
duties of his office. Rut this Government never has admit-
ted, and never can admit, theright of any agent from i&tine
or Massachusetts to exercise authority within the conven-
tional frontier of the province while its proper limits remain
a subject of negotiation."
Mr. MeLane's reply to Sir Charles Vaughan
is as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, March 4,1834.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your note of the 28th ultimo, furnishing the evplanation of
the Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick of a transac-
tion referred to by the land agent of Massachusetts, in a
letter addressed to his Excellency the Governor of that
Commonwealth, and subsequently communicated to you by
this Department, in a note dated the 21st of December last;
and to inform you that copies of your communication, to-
gether with the documents which accompanied it, wili, by
direction or the PRESIDENT, be transmitted without
unnecessary delay to the Executive of the State of Massa-
chusetts.
1 pray you to accept the assurances of my distinguished
consideration,
LOUIS McLANE.
Right Hon. Sir Chas. B. Vaoohan, G. C. H.,
''                 .Envoy Extraordinary.
Is not this prodigiously strong? Here is a
letter written five years ago by the predecessor
of Sir John Harvey, appealing to a matter withm
the personal knowledge of the President of the
United States, and broadly repelling any attempt
at concurrent jurisdiction against trespassers on
the Aroostook by the American authorities. The
President orders the letter containing these aver-
ments to be transmitted without comment, it
would appear, to the local authorities, for their
guidance. It is remarkable, that whilst the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, in November, 1833, is
found complaining about the pretensions of this
warden, there appears no remonstrance su&sc-
quent to the date of Mr. MeLane's letter transmit-
ting the " explanation" of Sir Archibald Camp-
bell. Thus we are on the edge of a war, in which
our manifesto is to state; as a justification to the
world, that Mr. Harvey has ventured to repeat
what his predecessor not only announced, but
acted upon., with circumstances of indignity to the
State agents! This unheard of pretension is
found not onlyinthe letter-book of his predeces-
sor, but in the archives of Maine and Massachu-
setts,, as placed there by order of General Jack-
son !
Let us turn now to the memorial of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts in 1836, found
amongst the records of this House, and see how
it discloses, in every line, a distinct recognition
of the agreement, as communicated to her Chief
Magistrate by Mr. MeLane.
[Doc. No. 199.]
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts
upon the subject of the northeastern Territory of the Uni-
ted States, the title to which is still claimed by Great Brit-
ain.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
Councjl'ChaM9er, Boston, March 18,1836.
Sir: In compliance with the request of the Legislature
of the Commonwealth, f have the honor to transmit to you
a copy of a preamble and resolutions lately adopted by the
Senate and House of Representatives, on the subject of the
unadjusted controversy between this country and Great
Britain, relative to the nottheastern boundary of the United
States. I am well awáte that the great importance of this
question, in connection With the rights and interests of the
people of Massachusetts, will give it the strongest claim to
the attention of their Representatives in either House of
Congress. In 'performing the duty devolved upon me by
the tequest of the Legislature, I Keg leave to subscribe my-
self, WitMush respect, your obedient servant,
        ui           EDWARD EVERETT.
COUCKONWEALTK 0,F MASSACHUSETTS, A. D. 1 836.
Resolves concerning the Northeastern Territory of the United
States claimed by Great Britain.
Whereas a large tract of the northeastern terrítórv of the
United States, belonging in common to the State's of Maine
and Massachusetts, and lytugivitbm the limits of the former
State, has for many years past, in consequence of a elairo-
from Great Britain, been surrendered to the exclusive
custody of the British Government; and whereas it ap-
pears from the report of a committee appointed by the last
Legislature of this Commonwealth, to make personal ex-
amination into the state of our public lands, that great in-
conveniences and gioss abuses have lesnlted fiom i-n valu-
able a portion of our domain being left in the itpeping of
aoEnts over whom we have no gontrol: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and Jfou>e of Representatu es in
Ígeneral court assembled, That, in the opinion of jbis Legis-
ature, it is (foe to the rights and interests of Maine ahi
Massachusetts that'measures should he taken bj( the Exec-
utive of'ttre United-States to secure a speedy settlement of
this long protracted Controversy, so that sifese States may,
be reinstated in the enjoyment of that properly which was
so long in their undisputed possession, and which is so in-
disputably theirs.          -                      '' '
Resolved, That in case1 there fee a prospect of. farther un-
avoidable delay, iri the1 settlement of tins coritrorarsy, it i 
essential to the ends o'f justice that measures should lie
taken by the Executive of the United States to otitain a
representation of the interests and rights of Maine anrj
Massachusetts in the agency and guardianship ot the terri-
tory in question.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor is hereby
requested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Ex-
ecutive of the United States, 10 our Senator*, and Repie-
sentatives in Congress, and to the Governor ©f the State of
Maine.
In Senate, March 1,1836:
Fasseq.   Sent down for concurrence.
HORACE MANN, President.
House of Representatives, March 12, 1836:
Passed m concurrence.
JULIUS KOCKWELL, Speaker,
Council Chamber, March, 14.1836:   Approved.
EDWARD EVERETT.
Attest:                John P. BiaeLow,
Secretary of the ComimnweaUh.
It will be seen that this great Commonwealth
here anxiously entreats the Executive of th«
United States—
1st. To bring the boundary question to a speedy
settlement; and
2d. If the settlement appeared remote, at leas 
to annul the arrangement by which two sovereign
States had been stripped of the " agency and
guardianship" over their own concerns.
Each of these prayers has been disregarded.
The latter seems never to have gained a passing
notice. It is true that, in the course of a rambling
and diffuse correspondence, high language is oc-
casionally found in the mouth of this or that Sec-
retary or Minister, But, the stern practical exercise
of authority by the Lieutenant Governor of New
Brunswick has gone on. He has been willing to
release persons seized, on their quitting the scene
of assumed agency; but not one dollar has ever
been received in atonement for their seizure, nor
the slightest disclaimer of authority obtained from
Great Britain. The present hot urgency to obtain
the " unanimous" certificate of members of Con-
gress that in their opinion there is no trace of any
such agreement as Massachusetts here refers to,
looks very like an expedient to avert the odium
due to long, gross, unpardonable supineness and
imbecility, even at the hazard of placing the quar-
rel of the country upon' untenable points.
The conduct of Maine, too, discloses a perfect
knowledge that her hands had been tied. Thus,
on the question whether she could cause a survey-
to be made, the claim is put on this modest ground,
in a letter from the Governor to the President of
the United States, in April, 1838:
" It is the unquestionable right oí litigants, in a court of
justice, to make explorations of land in dispute, and if either
party declines a joint survey, it may be made ex parte; and
surely, the United States have never so far yielded the
actual possession to Great Britain as to preclude the right,
on our part, to ascertain for ourselves the absolute facts,
and to mark out the limits of our claim and our alleged
rights."
The Governor communicated his purpose to
Sir John Harvey, who replied:
" Of the courtesy of your Excellency's communication,
I beg you to believe that I am perfectly sensible ; and when,
in reply thereto, I inform your Excellency that I shall not
deem it necessary .to interfere With a mission-whose oper-
ations shall be confined to the purposes stated in your Ex-
cellepcy's letter, namely, that of merely obtaining topo-
graphical information, it is incumbent upon rne to add that
it will-be my imperative duty noi to suffer any infringement
of-the possession and jurisdiction wirier* Great Britain hotd 
in the territory in dispute, until the question of right is de-
cided."
