m&
APPENDIX "TO THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
35th Cong....3d Sess.
Defease of Western. FrorUier-~^Mr. Fulton.
Senate.
concern" and ought to be "wound up." If it has
been without "profit" to you, it has also been
without "loss." Your factor, your agent, my
suffering State has borne all the. expenses of the
"establishment," and she appeals to you now to
"auction off" the odds and the ends, the broken
wares, with the dusty, dingy, moth-eaten frag-
ments of an ancient "invoice," Shall she beany
longer refused ?
Mr. President, I have omitted of purpose many
of the dry details which connect themselves with
the history .of the appropriation of the public
lands in Tennessee. But, as some exculpation
of my State, I beg to remark that her govern-
ment has at no time participated in the right
of originating and issuing land warrants; and I
add, what must strike the Senate with stijl greater
surprise, that for ten years after Tennessee was
a sovereign State, and an equal member of the
Confederacy, North Carolina exercised the ex-
clusive power of perfecting titles by giving grants
for the lands Jying within our limits. This last
anomaly—so far as. I know, without a precedent
in the history of any other State, vexatious in
practice and humiliating in its character—was in-
grafted upon the cession compact of 1790. The
foul blot continued to tarnish her escutcheon
until the high contracting parties, by the triple
agreement of 1806, authorized Tennessee to issue
grants, perfect titles, and settle claims to all the
vacant and unappropriated lands lying within her
boundary.
From that day to this, the State whose servant
I am has discharged, as faithfully as could be,
tbejmportant trust confided to her by the General
Government and the government of North Caro-
lina. Her statute-books are swollen with laws
regulating the adjudication of land warrants, and
the fair and equitable appropriation of the great
estate placed in her keeping. In the execution of
the task, surveyors, registers, commissioners,
clerks, and entry takers, all have been more or
less pensioned on her civil list, until, in the lapse
of years, she has incurred heavy costs, and ex-
pended incalculable sums. Sir, her highest ex-
ecutive magistrates, through a long succession of
three-and-lhirty years, have found ample labor
for much of their time in executing the grants
which, in uncounted thousands, liavo crowded
their tables. In proof of this, I holdup this good
and weighty volume, [Laws of Tennessee,] filled
up, page upon page,and line upon line, with ne-
cessary and indispensable enactments on .the
subject of these lands.
For all these services, Mr. President, Tennes-
see asks no pecuniary recompense. The soil has
escaped, it is true, without price to her, but its
bold tenantry are hers. In war and in peace,
always with the foremost in defense of our bless-
ed institutions, they are hers—in the eloquent
words of the Roman matron, " her jewels. So
far as they are quieted, Tennessee is satisfied.
Would that I could say they were all in peace.
But I cannot. Within the limits of the "con-
gressional reservation" there are hundreds, nay,
thousands, of humble, honest, thrifty, industri-
ous occupants, who have no right to give the en-
dearing title of "home, sweet home," to the
lonely "cabins" in which they have dwelt^so
long. Improved as these distant fields have been
by the sweat, the labor, and the hardships they
have lavished upon them, consecrated to their
religious feelings by the neighboring " meeting-
house," and the pious but unpretending " man
of God" who has so long and so tenderly minis-
tered to their comforts, doubly hallowed by the
lowly graves which entomb the bones of hus-
bands, wives, children, friends, and relatives,
these people linger in love where pampered wealth
would scorn to fix its abode. Sick, more than
sick, with "hope deferred," they now approach
you. Ready, able, and willing to pay the just
value of your property, they implore your title.
Can honorable Senators refuse ihe meritorious
demand ? Heartless, cold and heartless, is the
cruel policy which would repel the humble re-
quest, and answer " no."
Mr. President, I thank honorable gentlemen
for their kind uttention. I have done. - On this,
the first time my voice was ever heard within these
walls, and the last, as it may be, it will remain
with me as one of tiie proudest, happiest recollec-
tions of my life, that it was raised in the cause of
humanity.   ,________________________
DEFENSE OP WESTERN FRONTIER.
REMARKS OF HON. W. S. FULTON,
OF ARKANSAS,
In the Senate, February 26, 1839.
The bill to set apart a belt of land on the western borders
of the States of Missouri and Arkansas, as bounty lands, to
be granted to settlers engaged for a term of years in de-
fense of the frontier, being taken up—
Mr. PULTON said, that at this late period of
the session, he felt that it would be impossible to
obtain .the favorable action of both Houses of
Congress upon the important bill just called up,
being for the first time reached upon the Senate's
Calendar. A somewhat similar measure had been
warmly pressed at the last session of Congress,
and had unfortunately failed to receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate. A measure, however, of a
like character having at this session received the
support of a majority of the Senate, (he alluded
to the bill for the armed occupation of Florida,)
had induced him to hope that if time had been
afforded for the consideration of this bill, and to
have enabled its friends to* demonstrate its im-
portance, and the great necessity of such a meas-
ure, particularly at this time, as a cheap and effi-
cient means of defense of the western frontier, he
had flattered himself that this bill also would have
obtained the support of a majority of the Senate.
He regretted exceedingly that time was not al-
lowed for its consideration, and it was the more
to be deplored, as the aspect of affairs was be-
coming somewhat warlike.
The occupation by British traders of our terri-
tory bordering on the Pacific, and the extensive
trade which is carried ori by them with all the
Indian tribes, as well those within our acknowl-
edged limits as those inhabiting British territory,
have given to that Government a power and an
influence in that quarter of the most alarming
and vexatious character. They can at any mo-
ment instigate the savages, even to the very bor-
ders of Arkansas and Missouri, to make war
upon the frontier. The indiscriminate slaughter
of the whole population of both those States
might take place before the Government could be
informed that war had commenced. The fact
that the very counties in Arkansas through which
this belt of land proposed to be set apart in this
bill runs, contain, many of them, at this moment,
a large population, demonstrates conclusively the
fearless character of that people. They merely
ask the Government to give them strength suffi-
cient to enable them to resist the hosts which
may be brought against them, and they will be
content.
We were now within two or three days of the
end of the session, and he believed it would be
impossible to pass this bill, or even to consider
it, without defeating many bills now receiving
the final action of the two Houses of Congress;
he, therefore, most reluctantly felt constrained to
yield to the wishes of his friends, and would ab-
stain from asking for the consideration of the
measure at this session. He moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Friday, Jliarc/i 1, 1839.
The bill to provide for the protection of the
northern and northwestern frontier being taken
up, as in Committee of the Whole—
' Mr. F0LTON said he rose to offer an amend-
ment to the bill now before the Senate, providing
for the appropriation of $120,000 for the defense
of the southwestern frontier. The system of de-
fense proposed by the Department of War, at the
last session, for that frontier, asked an appropri-
ation of upwards of seven hundred thousand dol-
lars. This system of defense did not find favor
with Congress, and a small appropriation of
$80,000, merely to keep the works of defense from
total destruction, had also failed in the House af-
ter having passed the Senate. The consequence
has been, that the military works upon that fron-
tier are in a most ruinous condition. Ho spoke
from personal knowledge, when he said that the
defenses and quarters, as well as all the other
structures, at Fort Gibson, were in the most de-
cayed situation. They are all falling down; and,
as a work of defense, this fort would afford but
little security to the troops, and as a post, even
the health of the troops will be greatly endan-
gered if things are permitted to remain as they
are.
Mounted troops are also indispensable in an
Indian country; and, in order to make these effi-
cient, not only the men, but the horses, also,
should be taken care of. Proper structures ought
to be furnished for both the horses and their prov-
ender. This amendment proposes what is con-
sidered requisite for these objects.
The proposed appropriation will be barely suf-
ficient to enable the Department to keep up ex-
isting works, and to make such improvements as
are absolutely necessary to place the frontier in a
temporary slate of defense. And when the ex-
posed situation of the inhabitants is considered,
and the obligations which this Government is
under to themtoafford them adequate protection,
it would seem impossible to suppose that Con-
gress would refuse the necessary appropriations
to enable the Department to do its duty. He
hoped the Senate would adopt the amendment
which he now felt it to be his duty to propose to
the bill under consideration.
This amendment failed. On the next day Mr.
Benton proposed an amendment for the same
object; when
Mr. FULTON said that he had failed in his
proposition the evening before,for an appropria-
tion for the defenses of the western frontier, as
he was led to believe, for the want of the esti-
mates from the Department of War. He was
happy to be now able to furnish the Senate with
a letter from the Secretary of War, which he
hoped would satisfy every Senator as to both the
necessity and importance of the appropriation
now asked for.
Mr. F. then read the following letter:
Dear Sir : I regret exceedingly that the sum asked for
to be applied to the defense of the western frontier should
h.we been refused ; and, still more, that those who are so
deeply concerned in this measure should not unite to carry
it through. With the sum now available, (provided the
$50,000 which was earned to the surplus iuud is leappro-
piuited,) and that proposed by the Military Committee,
$80,000, the frontier may be placed in a respectable state of
defense, if the application of the money be lelt to the proper
ofhceis of the Government.
The sum I propose will be applied to the works at Fort
Gibson, Fort Smith, fort on the Illinois, Fort Leavenworth,
fort at Table Creek, fort near the forks of the Des Moines,
and to the completion of the road already commenced by
order of Congress. 1 most earnestly hope the money will
be appropriated.
Yours, ti lily,                                J.R.POINSETT.
Hon. W. Fulton, Senate.
The amendment was then agreed to in com-
mittee; but when the bill was brought into the
Senate, it was lost—yeas 13, nays 18.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
SPEECH OF HON. W. MONTGOMERY,
of north carolina,
In the Hodse of Representatives,
January 21, 1839,
In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the bill making appropriations for prosecuting the war
in Florida against the Seminole Indians.
Mr. MONTGOMERY said that this was a bill
to make an appropriation to support and pay an
army in Florida, who had, he regretted to say,
by their repeated failures to answer the purposes
they were intended to answer for the country,
lost the confidence of the nation; and, instead of
adding laurels to the country, had disgraced it,
and done more to injure our military standing in
the estimation of other nations, than could, he
feared, ever be repaired. In all the bloody con-
flicts that this country has had from its founda-
tion up to the Seminole and Creek wars of late,
our military officers and soldiers had not only
nobly and successfully sustained their own and
their country's honor against an equal force, but
often against a force vastly outnumbering them,
and with great advantages over them in other
respects. As proof of this, he would refer to the
battles of the Revolution, and also the many
