286               _______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          [February 28,
25th Conct....3d Sess.                                  Sixth Census—Mr. Grant.                                                Ho. op Reps.
also, that she was preparing to enforce that claim
by arms Now, although it was evident that a
belief was entertained by piovincial and diplo-
matic agenta of Great Britain, that an agreement
existed between the two Governments fai more
extensive than the real arrangement, and con-
ceding to the British authorities the exclusive
juusdiction over the whole disputed territory
until the controveisy should be finally adjusted,
(as to which, it was not difficult to perceive how
they had been led to and left in such a belief,)
and although Sir John Harvey, as Governor of
New Brunswick, had manifestly acted under such
a belief, yet, in any of the documents or coire-
spondence to which the House had access, all of
which he had carefully examined, he had not
found that Great Britain had asserted to our Gov-
ernment this distinct claim, and thus made it her
claim, and one which she was to stand to and
abide by, unless the recent note of Mr. Fox could
be viewed in that light. But, in that note, Mi.
Fox does not so much appear to intend to setup
a claim, as to refer to what he supposed was a
fact, to a supposed agieement by which the par-
ties were to ho governed, and when the existence
of such an agieement is explicitly denied by out
Govern men t, he does nottheieupon assert a claim
to the juiisdii tion as the claim of his Govern-
ment, but, aftti piotesting, to seve all ughtt,, he
suys, in effect, that he is not jxcptucd with ovi
dence of such an agieement, and that he will not
commit hi;, Government by any declaration of its
intentions in that paiticulai until he receives its
specific instructions. So, he thought, the note
of Mr Fox must be construed Ceitamly, it
seemed to him, thue was nothing in that note or
in the bubsoqutnt pacific and satisfactory step
taken by the British Minister, which indicatid
that hostile intuitions weie entertained by the
Buush Government. Ami, he would add, that
aftci due reflection upon the present feelings of
the people oí the two nations towaids each oihci,
upon the deep sense which both appealed to en-
te i tai n of the ncctssity ol peace to thm highest |
and best urtcii sts, and upon the piu ifie and i
ri ioikII y dispositions which then wis ciiiyiin j
sun (o Ixlitve win  h II, and whieh up to tins j
momi nt wtie mutually nnnifisied by be th Gov- I
iiimienis—ft w, if any, could sinously supposi
i that a state of war bt twern the two nations w is
about to aiiso fiom the mtittei now in question
He Ix hoved the diilhuliy would be adjusted, as |
it ought long sine e to have been, by n< gotialinn I
And he was not disposed to plate Gieat Bntain, |
in the negotiation, upon ground in advance of
that whit h, he believed, she actually occupied
It she had sui h a claim, which her Government
was piepair-d to stand by as hei claim, he pre-
fened that she should bung it forwaid by and
for hei self, and distinctly asst it it to our Govern-
ment He would not appeal to concede, by the
teims of the bill, that she, as a nation, had made
or adopted the claim, when it might turn out,
and, if theie weie no undisclosed tiansactions,
he thought it must turn out, that she might not
choose to make it.
would certainly he more effective than militia
But they could scarcely be begun to be raised
within that period. And what is the object of
thus hastily raising this army of twenty regi-
ments' ¡VJeiely to meet the possible contingency
thai the Governor ol New Brunswick will refuse
to accede to the airangement; a baie possibility,
if it is to be left to his voluntary action. But,
should this contingency happen, is not the power
to call out the rmhtia sufficient for the occasion '
Is it not the only power you can effectually use
until Congress shall convene' Whatis this sec-
tion, then, but meie menace' Why pabs it?
What good puipose can it seive' But, sir, if it
be among the possibles that this bill should be
used, in the tone, tempei, and manner indicated
by the hanorablegentleman fiom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] it would form a decisive objection
to its passage. I undeistood him to say that he
would have Una bill placed at the head of the 111-
stiuetions of the special minister, and that the in-
structions, thus headed, should be oidered to he
communicated in extenso to the Butish Govern-
ment1 War would be the necessai y consequence.
The feeblest Government on eaitli would iefuse
to negotiate under such amenace,thus pi esented.
il, I icpeat, it is among the possibles that this bill
should be used m this tone, temper,and manner,
it would foim, in my mind, an insupiiable ob-
jection to its passage, and I cannot butiepeat my
legiet and astonishment that such a putjiose
should have been indicated
I cannot bring myself to believe it possible for
two nations to be brought into conflict on a meie
rolhteral question, on a question, too, which
seems for the piesent to be put at icst by the
airangement alieady made, and I have again to
expiess mvregiet that the great point of the con-
tioveisy—the light to the temtory—has not long
ago been brought to a close. To the two Gov
ernments it belongs to settle that conlioveisy;
mid when the President shall inform Congiess
Lliat all negotiations are at an end, it will then
take immediate measures to put the State oi
Mime in possession of all that belongs to her.
MMNE BOUND WtV QUI'SriON
RHMARKSOFHON J L TILLINGIIAST,
OF RHODE 1SIAM1,
I\  THE HOOSI'  Or  111 rllHSENTAriVES,
•M«ic/t2, IoV3'),
On tito bill giviug the President additional power for the
dcl< tw ol Un limit il bums
A suggi stion having been made by Mr Rou-
rnisov that some alioiation mi"ht be made in
the fust section of the bill to mnlce it conform to
a Misj'ji stion of the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts [Mr AruMs] respecting the phiase " ho
claim to exclusive jurisdiction"—
Mi TILLINGHAST said he had maikod
that passage in the bill with a vnw to submit to
the conBtdeintion of the House, or to the com-
mittee who lepoited the bill, the propnety of
substituting some form of expression that would
more strictly conform to what he believed to be
the state of the facts befoie them He did not
desne to insist on a verbal amendment, unli ss it
should prove acceptable to the committee and the
House a& a modification, but asked their atten-
tion to an alteration by striking out the words
"toenfoice by arms her claim," and inserting
in then place "or by any power or functional y
acting for the Government of Gieat Bntain, to
enforce by arms any claim," so that it might
read, " to resist any attempt on the part of Gi< at
Bntain, or by any Power or functional y acting
foi the Government of Great Bntain, to enfoice
by aims any claim to exclusivejuiisdiction over
that part of the State of Maine/' &c.
Great Britain had set up a claim to the tein-
tory, which claim was now under negotiation;
but the question now is upon another supposed
claim, namely a claim to the immediate exclu-
sive jwtsdiction.
By the present terms of the bill ítseemed to be
assumed that the Government of Great Britain
had set up and asset ted to -our Government a
claim, as her claim, to this exclusive jurisdiction
pending the negotiation; it seemed to be implied,
SIXTH CENSUS
REMARKS OF HON. A. P. GRANT,
OF  NEW YORK,
Isi the House or Representatives,
February 28, 1839,
On the bill to provide for taking tlie Sixth Census of enu-
meration ol the inhabitants of the United States
Mr GRANT said:
Mi Speaker: I rise not for the puipose of
making a speech, nor do I intend to discuss the
merits of this bill. I am by no means ambitious,
especially at this late period of the session, of
being numbered among the debaters upon this
floor, nor do I consider it important to my private
inteiest to publish a book foi distribution among
my constituents With them I have no particu-
lar accounts to settle—no leelection to secuie—
no ptcuhat position to explain, and were I inclined
to follow the example that has just been given
us, and waste some hours of the vastly precious
and important time of this House, in a discus-
sion upon matters and things it  genera), it would
be without excuse Being aware, as I am, of the
vast amount of business now lying upon your
table undisposed of, and how much the public in-
terest is suffering for want of the early action of
Congress, I should be recreant to my own duty,
and faithless to those whom I was sent to rep-
resent, should I contnbute my voice to any fur-
ther waste of time
When I took a seat in this Hall, in maikirg
out the course I should pursue, I resolved to en-
gage in no debate, unless under extraordinary
circumstances, except upon some question imme-
diately affecting my constituents Thus far have
I lived up to the letter and spirit of this resolu-
tion; and I would not now, at this late hour of
the night, trespass upon the indulgence of the
House, did I not consider that, after the very ex-
traordinary remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Graves,] to be longer silent would be
criminal. To me, sir, the course taken by the gen-
tleman has been entirely inexplicable. Yes, and
without excuse. No one, who has listened to his
political tirade; to his re petition of the often-refuted
calumnies annually published against the Admin-
istiation.buthas been convinced of the ¿aftittiie for
which they were intended. When I called the
genth man to ordt r, he was animadverting upon
the New Yoik elections, supposing he had wholly
foigotten the bill under consideration, I desired
to set him right, but I must concede to him gieat
consistency for making a long speech without de-
voting any part of it in pai ticular to the question
before the House How deeply interested the
gentleman may be in the approaching Kentucky
elections, or what account he may be called upon
to settle with his constituents, I know not; yet I
envy not the honor or situation of the represent-
ative who has a constituency that are to be satis-
fied only with such labors, with such trash. The
gentleman desned a íeconsideíation of the vote fix-
ing the pay of the marshals of Tennessee at $200,
avowi dly for the purpose of reducing them to the
bame aggie gate amount with the fees paid to the
maishals of Kcmuiky But no sooner does the
motion pievui!,than we find the gentleman aban-
doning the sublet t and each of the States, soon
ensconsing himself in the room occupied by the
invi stigitingcominittei in the city of New York,
and then listening lo the testimony relating to
the amount of taxes imposed upon office holders
to ciiry on the New Yoik elections. The next
moment we find him reading fiom some printed
book, which purpoited to contain an account of
that investigation. What this book can be, or
where he piocuied it, is beyond my knowledge.
It is known to us all that the proceedings of that
committee have not been made public, nor are
they published in any other manner than in their
journal. Whethei the mn;oroit/%iave extended to
the gentleman a favor that has not been granted
by ihe minority to any of their fitends, and fur-
nished him then journal, I am not infoimed; nor
am I disposed to complain of any adiantage which
that gentleman may have over myself in keeping
himself advised of the proceedings of that com-
mittee.
M r Speaker, I have risen for another purpose,
and with a different object The gentleman, not
content with his visit to the city of New York,
and Ins attaek upon its Democratic citizens, has
poached upon my fallow ground; has gone into
my district, and most grossly assailed iheAdmm-
ístiation for retaining in officea man by the name
of Smith, as postmaster at New London, who, he
says, is guilty of various high criminal offenses,
and has fled from Massachusetts under an indict-
ment for forgeiy.
Mr GRAVES remarked that it was not in Mr.
Grant's district, but m Mi. Foster's, and that
he had so expressly charged.
Mr GRANT. Sir, I believe I know my own
district; and most certainly should feel not a little
mortified weie I not as well acquainted with its
limits and my own constituents as the gentleman
from Kentucky. He has laid the venue of this
transaction at New London, Oneida county. That
place, sir, ism my district, and, although in the
county where my colleague [Mr Foster] re-
sides, I am well acquainted with us location, and
with many of its highly respectable inhabitants.
We are told that these charges are known to my
colleague, [Mr. Foster,] that they have been.
