1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Cuthbert.
Semate.
made known at the Post Office Department, and
substantiated by pioof, and that this Mr.Smith,
with all his sins upon his head, is still retained in
offce. I regret much the absence of my colleague,
who, were he here, could, and I have no doubt
would, give a perfectly satisfactory explanation
of this matter But, sir, as to myself, I disavow
all knowledge of the charges thus sweepingly
made against this postmaster, and aver that this
is the first time that I ever heard of them. I go
further: I give no credit to their truth, and in this
conclusion am greatly strengthened by my con-
fidence in the able and indefatigable individual
who so faithfully presides over the General Post
Office Department. I believe this to be one of the
thousand and one calumnies that are daily heaped
upon the Administration.
Mr. GRAVES inquired if the gentleman from
New York intended to charge him with uttering
a calumny >
Mr. GRANT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
has told us that proof of these charges has been
furnished to the Postmastei General, and upon
that proof he has been called upon to remove
Smith, but has not done so Now, sir, I wish
the gentleman expressly to understand, that I al-
lege neither that the charges are true or false, nor
do I care by whom they are uttered, but if the
gentleman pretends thatproo/of the tiuth of these
charges has been furnished to the Postmaster
General, and he has refused to dismiss Smith,
this I deny; this I charge to be a calumny I feel
warranted in this expression, fiom my confidence
in the integrity, ability, and faithfulness of that
distinguished public officer, the Postmaster Gen-
eral. With Smith I am not acquainted, but know
full well that he would have been removed at once
had such charges been substantiated against him.
Had Smith possessed the character that has been
charged upon him, and efforts been made to
effect his removal, is it to be supposed that I
could have held a seat upon this floor for two
years without having heard of these proceedings'
It is possible, yet scarcely possible, but far from
being probable, that such a state of things would
have existed without my knowledge.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other portions of
the gentleman's remarks that filled me with
greater surprise, and fell more harshly upon my
ear than any to which I have alluded
The honorable member has seen fit to avail
himself of this occasion to make a rude, gross,
and wholly unprovoked attack upon a high-
minded, honorable, and distinguished individual
residing in the northern part of New York, (Mr.
Gillet,) who formerly was a member of this
House What possible connection this part of
his speech has with the bill now before us, I must
confess my inability to discover That I may
not be wrong in my quotation, I call upon the
gentleman from Kentucky to know whether he
used the language I have taken down, as I wish
to use the very words used by him. In speaking
of this gentleman, he remarked *' that he did not
know what office he had the capacity to fill."
Mr. GRAVÜS admitted that he made use of
such or similar words.
Mr.GRANT. He also informed us,in asneer-
mg, sarcastic manner, evidently designed to reflect
upon Mr. Gillet, that when he returned here last
fall, he was surprised to find him strolling about
the Capitol, and had the curiosity to inquire his
business, and then learned that he held some office
as Indian agent under the Government, with the
pay of eight dollars per day.
What should have called forth such remarks
from the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Graves]
I am entirely unable to conceive, and why he
should assail such an individual at this time, and
in a place where he knew Mr. Gillet could not in
person make any defense, is, to me, matter of
freat wonder. Sir, I envy not the honor or the
appiness of any man who will take advantage
of nis privileges upon this floor to gratify private
malice, or will attack the chaiacter of a private
citizen, who, by your rules, cannot be admitted
within the bar of this Hall.
In the selection of his victim, however, the gen-
tleman could not have been more unfortunate.
The character of the individual thus assailed re-
quires no studied eulogy at my hands, and I can
assure the gentleman that no remarks of his, here
or elsewhere, can affect that character in the
slightest degree in the estimation of those to whom
Mr. Gillet is personally known.
Mr. Gillet is not a constituent of mine, but
resides at some distance from me; yet it has been
my good fortune to be one of his acquaintances,
and it is with pleasure I am able to state that I
am well and intimately acquainted with him Sir,
I desire to make no unfaii or invidious compari-
sons, nor do I believe I disparage the hopes,
standing, or ambition of any one, when I state
my conviction that no man who holds a seat upon
this floor possesses talent, integrity, and industry
m a more eminent degree than Mr. Gillet. Twice
was he elected, with a most decisive vote, a Rep-
resentative to this House, and of him truly is it
said, that no man ever possessed more fully the
confidence of his constituents. So popular was
he in his own district, and so justly were his
talents and public services appreciated, that had
not a practice existed in our State, where a dis-
trict is composed of two counties, to take the
member alternately from each, he would have
been continued as a Representative to this day.
His successor is from the other county in his
district.
But really, we are gravely told that this indi-
vidual is without capacity—that he has not the
requisite qualifications to discharge the duties of
any office' Can the gentleman from Kentucky
be sincere in this declaiation' Does he suppose
that any man who knows Mr. Gillet will believe
him' And by whom are these charges made '
Are they preferred by a man who was a member
of this House at the same tune with Mr. Gillet >
I understand that both of these gentlemen were
members of the last Congress. Will the gentle-
man please advise me whether this is so'
Mr GRAVCS íeplied in the affirmative
Mr GRANT. Then, sir, this avowal only
adds to my surprise, and I must further inquire
of the gentleman where he kept himself during
the period that Mr Gillet was so industriously
and efficiently engaged in the business of this
House ' Did he ever listen to las able speeches,
or ever read his elaborate, comprehensive and
able reports' Does he know to what commit-
tees he was assigned, and the labors he then per-
formed ' If so, all must have escaped and passed
from him like the visions of a dream. No man
ever discharged his duties with more scrupulous
fidelity No man ever labored with more untir-
ing real or disinterested devotion for the interest
of his constituents, nor were the efforts of any
individual morejustlyappreciated by those whom
he immediately lepresented His published
speeches and reports displayed a comprehensive
mind and great research, and of the latter, there
are those still on the file-? of this House which
would do credit not only to any member on this
floor, but to any statesman in our country. And
yet aman is found who will use in his place,and
on an unimportant motion to reduce ceitam fees
allowed to the marshals of Tennessee, declare
that this individual has no capacity—is incapable
of discharging the duties of any office To such a
man, and under such circumstances, I say the
charge is made either from ignorance or wanton-
ness.
The SPEAKER interposed, and called the
gentleman from New York to order
Mi GRANT. Mr Speaker, I design not to
violate any of the rules of this body, nor give
offense to any of its members, but I cannot re-
frain from expressing my mind in language that
is not to be misunderstood
Does the gentleman wish to know why it is
that Mr Gillet is occasionally to be seen in and
about this Capitol' If so, I will explain to him,
and will assure the gentleman that Mr Gillet has
the same right to stroll about this Capitol, at the
tune of eight dollars pei diem, as he has him-
self. Possessing the confidence of the President
for capacity, integrity, and general fitness, Mr.
Gillet some time since was honored with the ap-
pointment of United State3 Commissioner, to
treat and to make treaties with the Six Nations
of Indians, in the State of New York, and is
here in the discharge of his public duties as such
commissioner. I can also further inform the gen-
tleman, if he is not already aware of the fact,
that the confidence of the President has not been
misplaced, and that his duties have been dis-
charged with great credit, ability, and faithful-
ness.
Mr Speaker, I am admonished that already I
have consumed more of the time of the House
than I intended, and yet trust there is a sufficient
excuse in the peculiar occasion that so unex-
pectedly called me up I will add no more, ex-
cept the earnest hope that we may at once pro-
ceed to dispose of this bill.
Note —-Mr Grant, we understand, immediately called
at the Post Office Department, and ascertained the facta in
the case of Smith, who had been removed more than a
month before Tho next morning, after the reading of tho
Journal, he rose, and, alluding to the debate of the preced-
ing dav, asked leave to make an explanation Objection
was made, and he moved to dispense with Uie rules, which
wa*q negatived It is believed that Mr Graves was on  Of
those who voted against suspension Having given utterance
to calumnious charges, be had not the justice to permit the
truth to be told
INTEBFEKENCE IN ELECTIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. A. CUTHBERT,
OF GEORGIA,
In the Senate, February 20,1839,
On Mr. Crittenden's bill to prevent the interference of
certain Federal officers in elections.
Mr. CUTHBERT said:
Mr President When I obtained the floor on
Saturday last, my health was much better than
it has been since, and though I had made some
little preparation, so fai as regards embodying my
positions, I have, ever since that day, been suf-
fering under severe indisposition—too severe to
permit me to give that attention to the subject
which its importance deserves. This I regard
not so much on my own account as on the ac-
count of the Senate, and I have therefore determ-
ined not to keep back the debate, but to proceed
in the condition I am in.
I think the honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden] will himself admit that tha
evil should be great and evident, and that its in-
fluences should be powerful and dangerous, to
justify so extraordinary a corrective as that pro-
posed by him For the purpose of diminishing
the patronage of the Executive, the bill intro-
duced by him proposes to disfranchise a large
poition of the citizens of the United States, to di-
vest them of the rights and puvileges secured to
them by the Constitution, and inherited from
their ancestors, and to subject them to fine and
imprisonment,and perpetual disqualification from
holding office under the Government
The question is, does such an evil exist. Do
we feel that in America such extraordinary mis-
chiefs flow fiom the influence of patronage, that
the liberty of speech, which is not only sweet
liberty itself, but the guardian of every principle
on which liberty is founded, should be sacrile-
giously invaded' The question is fairly stated.
The remedy should only be used where some
great evil exists, and the inquiry should therefore
be made, does the evil exist' For the leason that
the discussion on this subject has been very am-
ple, and that the bill has been strictly examined
in all its details, I shall content myself with only
stating general principles, and confining myself
to the example cited by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and inquire whether there is any parallel
in this country, so far as the results flowingfrom
the exercise of patronage are concerned, with the
country from whence we derived our origin. The
example of England has been exultmgly appealed
to by the Senator, England, England, is all that
we hear from the gentleman English philosoph-
ical writers have been quoted, English orators
have been appealed to, and English statutes have
been paraded before the Senate in support of this
high-handed and extraordinary assault on the lib-
erty of the citizen. Is it so, that that which is
good in England must necessarily be so in Amer-
ica ' Is the structure of society the same in both
countries, and do the institutions of England rest
on the same foundations as ours' No, a strong
contrast may be found, not a similitude; not an
agreement, but a wide and essential difference of
laws and customs of the two countries from each
other. I have no doubt but the Senator, like my-
self, is conscious that the glorious institutions of
