1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE COÍfGRESSÍ0ffMh GLOSE.
289
25th Gong....3d Sess.
raging torrent the boldest is lost, so it is with
patronage in the two extremes I have referred to.
In the one, it may to some extent be exercised, but
in the other it is overwhelmed by the more pow-
erful and irresistible force of popular excitement,
in thelattercase patronage, so far from being of
service to the party in power, operates indirectly
against it; for the assistance that they may derive
from the few holding office and struggling to re-
tain it, is more than counterbalanced by the ex-
ertions of the many who seek to oust them from
their places in order to obtain office for them-
selves.
Under the administration of Washington, pat-
ronage was exercised without danger; and when
I mention that saced name, every man must un-
derstand that he needed no patronage-, and there-
fore! pass over his administration. The first
Adams created the means of increasing his pat-
ronage, and rendering it efficient by the establish-
ment of our A rmy and Navy. His administra-
tion ended with his first term, and such was the
odium, in which he was held that he was driven
from the Executive chair with an obloquy which
lias clouded his early and well-earned fame. Mr.
Jefferson succeeded him in power; and what was
the first act of his.administration ? He abolished
patronage; he destroyed the means by which his
own power might have been strengthened; and,
recognizing the people as the rightful source of
power, he carried out triumphantly and success-
fully the principles upon which the Government
itself was founded. And what was the conse-
quence ? He was reelected by the almost unan-
imous voice of the American people. His name
is embalmed in the memories of a vast majority i
of his countrymen. His opinions are to this
day cited as authority by every friend of civil
and religious liberty, and the doctrines that he
inculcated will maintain their ascendency so long
as our Constitution shall endure. Mr. Madison
succeeded as the friend of Mr. Jefferson,and the
inheritor of his principles. He was, like him, a
foe to an increase of Executive power, and, like
him, opposed to extravagant expenditures, and
dangerous constructions of the Constitution. In
Ins administration the war with Great Britain
commenced, and the question was, shall we stern-
ly and manfully maintain against a foreign foe
the rights bequeathed us by our ancestors; or
shall we, weakened by faction, suffer defeat and
disgrace ? Of course patronage under this Ad-
ministration was necessarily increased.
Mr. Monroe came into power after Mr. Mad-
ison. Now mark this as a peculiar period in
our history. The consciousness that in a good
cause we had foiled the proudest nation in the
world gave strength to the Administration, and
tended almost to the entire abolition of party dis-
tinctions. Those who did not rejoice in the tri-
umphs of the war were but few. There were
some Federal leaders, it is true, who did not re-
joice in our triumphs; but such were the feelings
of a vast majority of the people, that they were
glad to renounce their party, and witness, with-
out a struggle, its total extinction. Such was
the state of things during Mr. Monroe's admin-
istration; and patronage, though it operated on
some, produced no injurious effects.
Well, sir, another Administration came into
power, and of that Administration the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] was the mainspring.
I think I do not err in stating that the general
impression was, that patronage would enable
that Administration to continue in power; and
then, for the first time, was the attempt made to
patronize particular sections of the Union, by the
imposition of a, protective tariff, and splendid
systems of internal improvement. Then, for the
first time, did the nation attempt to patronize it-
self-; and what was the result.' I mention these
things in no invidious feeling for the Senator
from Kentucky, but merely as the illustration of
a principle. This Administration, in spite of its
newsources of patronage, was ejected from power
and General Jackson came in with an overwhelm-
ing majority. What then? Did he use the influ-
ence of patronage for the purpose of supporting
himself in officer It would be absurd to suppose
that his administration was sustained by such an
influence. It i  well known that, during the
continuance of his Administration, the fiercest
No. 19
Interference in Elections—Mr. Cuthbert.
struggles were carried on by the two contending
political parties of the country; that the passions
of men were highly excited, and that the .contest
for certain great principles, which finally tri-
umphed, was the main support of General Jack-
son and the party who went with him. No, it
was not the influence of office-holders, but the
support of the great body pf the- people, origin-
ating in an attachment to certain great principles
which they believed he would carry out. The
policy of his administration proved how absurd
and ridiculous was the charge. - Was he so in-
fatuated as to desire patronage, while he lessened
its influence by exhibiting unworthy individuals
as the subject of it, as I have heard- charged
against him on this floor? No. General Jack-
son's administration was supported on princi-
ples far higher than any influences that patron-
age could produce, and the suffrages of a free
people have shown their confidence in its wis-
dom and success. The corrupting power was in
other hands, and he foiled it by the power of the
free principles he encouraged.
Mr. President, the name of General Jackson
never escaped my lips within this Hall, whilst
he continued in the Chief Magistracy. Neither
I nor friend of mine received benefit or favor at
his hands; and I may declare that, during that
period, I was a stranger to the presidential edi-
fice. He is no longer in office, and I will explain
what there was in his character to carry to such
a height his influence with the citizens of the Re-
public. They believed him, sir, to be a man of
large sympathies, capable of embracing the entire
American people; that his heart flowed out in love
and kindness to each individual of the nation, of
whatever station and degree, to him who lived by
honest labor as to the opulent and influential.
They believed that it belonged peculiarly to his
nature to revolt with generous indignation against
wrong and injustice, and tocóme to the aid of the
weak and oppressed against the arrogant and
powerful wrongdoer. They were possessed with
an innate confidence that in administering the
Government he was wholly bent on the general
good; that his measures to this end were selected
with great sagacity; and that he was endowed
with a lofty inflexibility of temper, which enabled
him to prosecute those measures with constancy,
undiverted by seductive biases, undeterred by
open intimidation and violence. They felt that
in gathering to him, they were only rallying to
the support of their own cause, their own rights
and interests. They attached themselves to him,
individually, as we attach ourselves to a tried
friend, giving him entire credit for honesty, a
quality which they are not in the habit of consid-
ering as very common amongst politicians. To
crown all, their patriot pride was kindled when
they beheld in him the high-spirited guardian of
the national honor, whether in battle or negotia-
tion, when they turned to that glorious day on
which, under his auspices, the American people
were first hailed as a great nation by the proud-
est of European monarchies.
De Tocqueville is quoted—all that is foreign is
quoted—in opposition to the principles of this dis-
tinguished patriot. De Tocqueville declares that,
whilst General Jackson was himself powerful as
a chief magistrate, his strength must be the weak-
ness of his successors. The effect is justly ob-
served; and the observation may be extended to
every Chief Magistrate who has exercised great
power, or, in more proper phrase, has enjoyed
high'authority in the Republic; but has the true
cause of this effect been assigned ? The true cause
will be brought into view if we examine into the
sources of the power, or, as I have preferred to
say, the authority, of those Chief Magistrates
whose sway in our Confederacy has been felt to
be largest. These source&are the attachment and
confidence of the people attracted to the President
by an earnest persuasion of his disinterestedness
and respect for popular rights; and this disinter-
estedness and respect for popular rights is mani-
fested in his yielding, through positive enactments
of law recommended by himself, portions of the
executive power, and in his limiting the exercise
of that power by practices which he introduced
into the administration of the Government, and
which became a part of the common law of the
Constitution.   In fine, his strength rests not on
. S?na3;í: 
executive prerogative, or. the positive enactments
of law, but on a prevailing influence with the peo-
ple. The people believe that, in supporting him
with constancy and animation, they are only sus-
taining that policy on which they have themselves
decided, and those measures which they approve.
He is not controlling, by power, a passive or,
resisting massj but is the adviser, leader,' and
champion of a willing people.
I have glanced at the circumstances in the con-
dition of our own and the Government of Great
Britain, which show that the effect of official
patronage in the two countries, so far from being
the same, must, in a great degree'; be different.
In England the dispensing power of Government
favor is' i,n hereditary hands. The fountain of
honor and wealth, so far as it is drawn through
the machinery of Government out of the,produc-
tive industry of the country, is an hereditary sov-
ereign. To him, therefore, all whom the'honors,
power, and emolument of oflice can. influence,
turn their eyes. Around thethronc, then, which,
is independent of all elections, rally the aristoc-
racy and their dependents—the whole plebeian
train of the army, navy, of fund-holders, of cor-
porations, and monopolies of all kinds—all, in a
word, who live on taxes levied by the Govern-
ment, or through the privilege of taxing the peo-
ple themselves. This immense; body, although a
minority of the nation, by that concentration of,
interest which draws them to the support, and'
puts them under the sway, of a hereditary exec-
utive, controls, by having its whole force directed
by a single will, the popular power which acts
without concert. The hereditary executive is a
citadel which establishes patronage in a strong-
hold, beyond the reach of the people. All its
influence, as well as interest, tends to hold the
people in subjection. How differently does the
principle work with us! The sovereign power
here is in the people themselves. They dispense
the patronage of this Government—the Presi-
dency itself is a part of this patronage, which is
disposed of every four years by their votes; and
all the secondary offices, from those of the Sec-
retaries do wnwards, do wn to the lowest executive,
depend on the breath of the people, it does not
stop here. Congress and the State Legislatures
are annually and biennially extinguished and re-
stored by the same power. In short, the whole
system of government, State and national, with
all the functionaries that put the machinery in
motion, are, in some degree, brought within the
original power which created the whole, by the
wise provisions of the establishment itself.
Our Government may be said to resemble the
operations of nature in the change of the seasons.
In a year everything seems to perish, and all is
reanimated and renewed in the course of a year.
So far as the fruits of the Government are sought
in its patronage, the will of the people is looked
to as the fructifying power, as naturally as is the
light of thesun by the husbandman, as the source
of abundance in his fields. The public suffrages
have no sooner conferred the employments of the
Government with their much-sought honor and
emoluments on the body of functionaries selected,
than instantly the spirit of supplanting them an-
imates doubly as many more. In this way, as
patronage here proceeds from the people, its in-
fluence is found to operate as powerfully on per-
sons out of office to get in, as on those holding
office to keep in; and itoperates on greater num-
bers, for there are always more expectants than
incumbents. Hence the Executive patronage in
this country is neutralized. He has a power
above him. His place is sought, with all it dis-
penses, by other aspirants and their partisans,
and the great patron—the people—is found alone
to hold that sovereign inheritance and disposal of
the advantages of Government, which, in other
countries, bring the official corps to the footstool
of the throne. The issue, which the verdict of'
the people decides in every election, is, who of
the candidates for public favor is most entitled to
their confidence and rewards; who most.capable,
honest, and faithful to the Constitution. Those
who are out of office, and seek to obtain it,
assail those who are in.
But I object to this bill on another ground.   It
is a monstrous precedent for a Republic to strip
i whole classes of their natural rights upon pretexts
