294                                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               [March 2,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                           National Defense—Mr. Johnson.                                       Ho. of Reps.
tain the committee long. He knew full well that
there was a strong feeling with several members
of the committee against his amendment. He
was well convinced that their objections were
occasioned less from the intrinsic merits of the
proposition than from the circumstances and time
of its introduction. Some objected because a
kindred proposition to the one immediately un-
der consideiation was reported m a specific bill,
which he had often urged and as often failed to
call the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to consider. Another portion of the
committee thought that any amendment, how-
ever salutary in itself, would embarrass the prog-
ress of the bill now before the committee, as re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs
To remove these objections was the purpose of
throwing himself upon the indulgence of the com-
mittee; and he knew no better way than to ex-
hibit the true condition of the country in relation
to its means of defense. This he nad done in
ai t a few evenings before, when he opposed the
ill reported by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to erect new foils and fortifications. And
he was impiessed with the belief that the com-
mittee would be convinced, if they would pa-
tiently consider the tiue condition of the state of
our oidnance, that his amendment was eminently
essential to the very object which the Committee
on Foreign Affairs had in view, if that object
wasiop/ace the count)ij in a stale of defense Jiom
foteign aggtession. Tht bill pioposes to augment
by twenty icgiments the standing Aimy, and to
authorize a loan often millions if the emeigency
should require that amount dunng the lecess of
Congi ess.
What was the condition, he would ask, of our
forts, aftei passing an appiopnation annually, for
many years past, of fiom nine hundred thousand
to one million dolíais foi then erection and iepan-'
Was theie one of the immense number con-
stiucted prepared for complete and cfliucnt de-
fense' Was there one that could resist foi tluee
houis a seventy-foui ship of-wai! lie said it
with feelings of humiliation, that, aftei the im-
mense millions lavished m building foils, time
was not one in the whole nation that liad a sulli-
ucnt numbci of good cannon mounted to itsista
sudden attuik. This was. gicatly the lault of
Congiiss Mimbeis wi le content ullei voting
away millions loi building foils, winch, mulct the
on s< nt &ystf m, nie but peiish ible monunit nts of
cxtiavagnnce and folly, and nevet deemed it
worthy ot further íeílection lo consider they weio
v iluable 01 not, without camion lo pioti ct them
And Confiesa lias too long niglecled the means
of placing them in a state of protection, it was
his unpleasant duty to expose the tiue condition
of out means of defense.
In answer to a call made upon the ordnance
dtpaitnient by the select committee on the sub-
ject of a national foundery, in 1S35, of which he
had the honor to be a membei, the Colonel of
Oidnance stated "that the numbei of guns required
for the atmament of the fortresses completed and
in the piogiess of completion, of the caliber of
twenty-four and thnty-two, was 6,632, and the
number in possession of the Government, includ-
ing the old patterns, which are of doubtful utility,
2,633; total number now lequned, 3,999.
Not one half of the 2,633 large guns on hand
are fit for service They have borne too much
service, as it is well known that a cannon cannot
bedisehaiged but about one thousand times, with
a full chaige, without imminent peul, and most
of that number are unfit for any use but to be cast
into balls or valued only as old iron
By a more íecent report from the War Depart-
ment, which had been printed, the condition of
the defenses had been but little improved since
1835 He -was astonished when he read it; and
if it did not call the attention of Congress to the
subject, his only hope was that it would awaken
the attention of the nation. Prom this document
he discoveied that 1,178 large guns were now
required for the new forts completed; 2,573 for
forts under construction; 782 for forts rebuild-
ing, 3,506 foi works projected, 5,280 for protect-
ing prominent points along the sea frontier.
By the report of the Colonel of Ordnance, which
the select committee had instructed him (Mr. J.)
to procure from the ordnance department, dated
March 7, 1838, and which is appended to the re-
port of the committee, but which he presumed
but few members have had time to examine, it
will be found that we have 935 cannons in forts;
1,219 in depot; 150 under contiact; making an
aggregate of 2,304, and showing that we now re-
quire for forts and the sea-board alone, 11,017
pieces of ordnance.
The Colonel of Ordnance informed the select
committee, thiough the Secretary of War, in 1835,
that—
" In relation to the competency of the foundenes now
employed to supply, on an emergency, all the cannon and
shot necessary for the Navy, fortificanons, and other de-
fenses, it m<iy be stated that, uith their present means,
four years would, at least, be required to east the cannon,
shot, and carriages necessary for the armament of the for-
TREHStb "
Then it would require four years under the
pusent system, to fabricate ordnance for the pres-
ent, instant wants of the Jortresses alone; and for
the JVatiiy and field ¡rams, we may safely say at least
three years more mightbe added. Then, in seven
years, with due exertions and zeal, we might ex-
pect to have accomplished what our exigencies
at this moment require The report of the Colo-
nel of Oidnance of 7th Maich last, informs us
that we have 447 twenly-foui-pounders in foits,
339 in depot, 112 undei contract, of thirty-two-
pounders wc have 458 in forts, and 7C0 m depot,
and I would ask this committee how many forty-
two-poundeis do they suppose that we have'
Will not all be astonished who have not tuined
then attention to the fact—foi he was amazed
when he lead the lepoit—to find that we have
the beggaily, the miseiable number of only 30
lorty-two-pounders in our forts, 66 in depot, and
38 under contract.
We have, then) in reality, but ninety-six forty-
two-poundeis, and may, in piogre¡>s of time,
have one hundred and thiity-four, which would
haidly aveiagc one for each foit in the United
States, and would be hardly moie than sufficient
to piotcct one of oui largest foittcsscs Prom the
fullest examination which ho had been able to
give the subject, he felt no hesitancy in saying
that, foi the pui poses of the foils, the Navy, tin j
full trams, and loi the piotection of piominent
points and assailable positions along oui coasts '
and inland fiontui, we icquue not less than fif-
teen thousand pieces of oidnance and bomb-mor-
lars of vauous sizes, and this number will not be
considered cxtiavagant, when we consider foi a
moment that our fiontiei border cmbiaccs an ex-
tent of twelve thousand miles, if the lino is diawn
wilh the indentations of the great and inland seas,
and with the sinuosities of the border uveis Can
Congicss forget that oui noithwestein fiontier
will be subject to the lnioads of Indian depieda-
tions, in the event of a collision with England '
And he had evidence, which he could íely upon,
that the English Fur Company, either through
policy of their own interest, or by the countenance
of higher authority, have long adopted a policy
of conciliating the various tribes that are crowded [
together by the too eagei policy of our Govern- I
ment to extinguish land titles, and hover along
the remote Noithwest lie would not ask the ,
Representatives and Delegates from that region
whethei that country was in a condition to repel
a sudden invasion. The condition of the far
Southwest was but little better A few indifferent
forti esses, with a scanty supply of oidnance, were
all that the country could íely upon to keep in
check thirty thousand warriors, pressed upon
each other by the like policy of land speculators
and the Government. He would ask gentlemen
fiom the extreme South if there was a single fort
on the Gulf of Mexico and its tubutaues, on
which float the rich staples of that prosperous
country, that could resist the assault of a steam
ship-of-war two hours  There is not one. Look
along the entire Atlantic sea-board, and you will
not find a fort oi commercial city that could avert
destruction from a fleet of half a dozen ships-of-
the-lme. With this melancholy, but too true,
condition of our whole frontier border, Congiess
will vote millions for forts, but hesitate about
establishing a national foundery for cannon. The
condition of the Canada and New Brunswick
fiontier is but little better piovided for defense.
There is not the tithing of oi dnance along it which
the exigencies require.   And yet no less than
three bills have been reported within the last few
days, authorizing the Executive to build addi-
tional forts. He had opposed one the other night.
He should oppose the whole of them, unless, at
the same time, or in one of the bills, provision
be made for placing those already built, as well
as those proposed to be constructed, in a state of
complete defense, by an abundant supply of ord-
nance.
Suppose the condition hurried upon us which
some members seem so cageily to invite—a speedy
war with England. Its first fury will be at the
extreme Noi th. It will be with m lillei y. Will you
dismantle all the forts to the southofils seat, in order
to make that position formidable ' Have we the
control of the ocean, to defend all the assailable
points along the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico,
without relying on our land fortifications> War,
you maybe assured, sir, would not exist a month
before it would wear a bloody spirit of ubiquity;
and the swift engines of destruction would be felt
most frequently where least suspected. He must
look on with the cold indifference of oriental ap-
athy at the amazing improvements going on in the
world, which outstrip imagination and puzzle the
judgmentwithastomshment, who has not marked
the great levolution, which has been almost as
quickly effected as conceived, in navigating the
mighty oceans. He has been neglectful, he would
with deference say, as a watchful representativo
of the nation, who ha3 not noted the wonderful
impiovements made by the poweiful nations of
Euiope in then engines and implements of war.
Thnce remiss must he be who will not cheerfully
place his own countiy m a position to meet inva-
sions or repel outrages with ahke,oi, if possible,
supenor, means of preservation, or, if you please,
destiuction
It was but a few weeks ago that we heard that
a French fleet was towed into position by a steam-
ship of war before the castle of San Juan de Uloa,
and in two hours battered it into a heap of rums.
But a few days ago we were astonished to hear
that one of those steam-vessels had penetiated
oui inland seas, and was in the port of Raltimoie,
to the equal suipnse and admiration of the na-
tion If the Veloce had had on boaul her heavy
oidnance and enormous bomb mortals, it would
have been an easy task for hei to have destioyed,
singly and alone, eveiy fort from the Atlantic to
the monumental city. How many of those vast
bomb moi tais have we in oui forts or m our Navy
which tlnow a ball honzontally with the precis-
ion of a cannon, such as the Fiench used in de-
stroying the proud fortiessat Veía Cruz, such as
the English and Russians have in depot and in
seivice > We have, I believe, foui on the steam-
ship Fulton, and we have a few thousand ten and
twelve inch bomb-shells in foits and in depot.
We have two, certainly not moie than four, of
those mortals which thiow the hollow ball hou-
zontally, and he (Mr J.) had been informed, upon
the lug)iestauthority,that the attempt to use them
had, foi wantof skill, science, oi piactice, pioved
a failuie The matches in some experiments
would not fase, in otherattempts they would ex-
plode as quickly as they left the cannon. As yet,
they may he said to be woithless to the nation
It is not that the Government shall monopolize
the business of making cannon and all the moie-
rtal of war that he uiged the erection of a na-
tional foundery, but that they should have at
least an experimental foundery, with the capacity
for enlargement in time of war, or upon any
emergency, where they could not only make ex-
periments in casting cannon, which is a most;
costly aiticle of national want, for
A 6-poundei costs about.............$70
12-poundei.........................150
18-pounder.........................245
24-pounder........................330
32-pounder.........................450
42 pounder.........................520
but wheie they could regulate the models, and
try every means of combining metals, testing in-
ventions and improvements, and improving, if
possible, the present and future improvements,
appeitaming to engines for steamships of war.
Thousands of dollars have been spent by Gov-
ernment with private foundeis in order to have
large brass cannon cast, and never has one been
cast that would stand the test; nor was it until
