£                                      ÁWEMMX TÚ TTífi" GfONGRISSÍOPlAIL' GLOBE.                             [March %
25th Cons....3d Sess.                           National Béfense—Mr. Johnson.                              - -      Ho. of Reps.
the committee charged with the! investigation'of
this subject, thus expressed hirnseift    ■
" Iron obtained from any one quality of ore rarely com-
bines all the requisites for making the best and strongest
ordnance; the practice has therefore been to mix iron from
different ores in such proportions as have been ascertained
by experience to produce the requisites necessary. An ac-
curate knowledge of metals, with the qualities of different
ores, vvjil be attained with the actual cost of ordnance ;
and, being made under the superintendence of scientific of-
ficers, will inspire a general confidence in their safety and
aecmacy, dispelling apprehension from bursting, instances
of which have occurred in our Navy, as on board the frig-
ate President at the very commencement of the late war,
when in pursuit of the English frigate Belvtdere, by which
Commodore Rodgers had his leg broken, and some of .the
crew were seriously injured. The immediate'eonsequence
of such an aecidpin, in most cases, would be to create a
general distrustm the crew as to the safety of the arm which
they were to use, calculated to produce disastrous results
in an action.
" Most, if not all,'nations, having occasion for ordnance,
possess national foundfiries directed by their own officers,
to supply the Government with the best, and nil it requires,
made of the best materials of the most approved patterns,
and corresponding dimensions, insuring, an adequate sup-
ply for all purposes, wbich'cannot, at all times be obtained
from private establishments, and, possibly, when most ur-
gently required by the tíovernineiu, not to be had; causing
a delay that might be attended with consequences iiiimious
to the nation, as in the event of a sudden war with a pow-
erful foe, (events which not unfrcquenlly occur,) when only
partially provided with ordnnnco.''
Confidence, most generally, in all pursuits of
life, is indispensable to success. It is always the
most powerful adjunct. Distrust in the safety
of ordnance half cowers a soldier or a seaman.
Even a knight, clad cap-a-pie in armor, would
dread his adversary, unless he knew full well he
grasped
"The trenchrnent blade, Toledo trusty."
The great deficiency in our supply of heavy
ordnance proceeds from either want of skill in
casting it, or from the limited means placed in the
hands of the ordnance department. He was in-
clined to the belief that both reasons had influ-
ence; and perhaps another, the taste, or, if you
please, the judgment of the ordnance department
and the Board of Naval Commissioners. He would
willingly vote an appropriation of $1,000,000, to
be expended in procuring or malting heavy ord-
nance. The reserved contingent fund,,which is
always left in the Treasury, of #2,000,000, could
not be better applied than by being invested in
ordnance, or at least one half of it. It would be
as much funds reserved, in the eye of a political
economist, if invested in caution, as if it were to
quietly remain in the Treasury m the form of
bullion. And, by the investment, this great ad-
vantage would accrue to the nation; the cannon
would be as Utile destructible in depot as the bul-
lion in Hie Treasury; the former could be at once
used upona national emergency; the latter would
at least most likely be used, but slowly, in pro-
curing ordnance.
Those who will trace the history of Europe
from the time of Edward III., who first used ar-
tillery, to the days of Frederick the Great, to
Napoleon, and down to the last attack of the
French upon Mexico, will find that, in almost
every battle that has been fought, with equal
numbers, superiority of ordnance decided the
fate of sufceess.
Bonaparte traced the entire failure of his Afri-
can campaign to the circumstance of the capture
of one of his ships by the British, on which was
his heavy ordnance that he designed to destroy
an important fortress with. As repeated and gal-
lant as his assaults were, he found, to liis dismay
and confusion, that he had to encounter too fa-
tally his own ordnance—repelling all his efforts.
The number of small arms now in our national
depots is, by the tabular statement furnished the
committee by the Colonel of Ordnance, on the 7th
of March, 1838, 3,078 cavalry sabers, 3,971 artil-
lery swords, 2,021 pistols, 1,645 carbines, 13,765
i ifles, 572,005 muskets. Although better supplied
with small-arms than with ordnance, he regretted
to find that the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means reported, in the annual Army
appropriation bill, a diminution of $60,000 of the
regular amount of appropriation to the two na-
tional armories, and $60,000 to private contract-
ors.
He, (Mr. J.,) with other members, made an
ineffectual attempt to have the original appropri-
ation reinstated in the bill.   But economy was
urged; and it is generally urged effectively when
a latent national good may be pretermitted fir some
present tangible consideration. The cost of the
muskets is about twelve dollars each.
Our population is now about double what it was
at the commencement of the last war with Eng-
land. We had, at the commencement of that war,
240,000 muskets in depot, and 60,000 were made
and purchased during its continuance; and,atits
termination, there were but 20,000 in the arsenals.
Eight years were required to supply those which
were lost and destroyed during the war. " Had
the war continued another year," says the report
of the ordnance department, " the deficiency of
arms would have occasioned the most embarrass-
ing consequences."
By a report made to Parliament in 1817, the
number of small-arms furnished by. Great Britain
to the allies and the national troops^ from 1803 to
1816, inclusive, was—
To the allies....................................2,143,643
To theiegular troops...........................  349,882
To the regular militia...........................    59,405
To the local militia.............................   151,909
To the volunteers..............................   307,583
To the navy....................................   215,233
Total......................................3,527,715
The number in depot in Great Britain m 1817 was.. 816,28a
In the public service............................   200,974
.Total......................................1,019,206
that the best way- to avert national calamity was
to prepare for war in time of peace.
He thought that there was much wisdom in
the Irish maxim, that the best way to aroiddan-
der was not to fear it. Certainly, to be well pre-
pared to repel it.
Mr. J. said that he had not the burning impet-
uosity which some members had to plunge this
nation into war at this time, as little prepared as
it was for such a struggle. He would rather give
the people the means of protection before much
of its best blood should be shed. As one of the
national legislative council, be would, through
humanity, if not policy, rather economize human
life than be oversaving of the public treasure.
Expend the latter judiciously in time of peace,
and you will by the very act effect the former.
No wise nation will hurry itself into war with-
out some preparation. Rashness has less affinity
to true courage than prudence. Rarely will na-
tional honor suffer by a firm and prudent re-
monstrance against national wrongs. Feelings
which govern honorable men in their transactions
of life are but aggregated in the sentiment  of an
upright, honest, and brave nation; and the former
are but multiplied minaturesof the latter. Gen-
erous dignity and cool firmness, whilst they grace
a gentleman, make a nation invincible.
He had the moral, he believed, of one of Sir
Walter Scott's allegories, in one of his fugitives,
strongly impressed on his mind, though it was
long since he had read it. Most of its coloring
had faded from his memory. It describes a youth
in all the glow and full pride of manhood, with
bosom beating high for fame,emulous of renown,
without a sense of fear. His genius specter led
him to a sepulchral and gloomy cavern, where
he beheld knights strewed on the earth and clad
in armor. A dim light on the table gave a me-
lancholy horror to the spectacle, and by it were
laid a sword and trumpet. The specter-ghost,
with measured emphasis, informed the intrepid
youth that his fate or future destiny, to realize
all his ardent aspirations or irretrievable ruin, de-
pended upon his first choice in using one of the
two instruments before him. The specter was thers
silent,and his eyes glared anxiously on the youth.
The youth paused a moment in meditation as if
his judgment was counseling his ferlings; there
firmly seized the trumpet, and placed it to his
mouth. The cavern reverberated with the sound.
A hundred knights, as if by magic, sprang or*
their feet with their drawn swords. And before
he was hurled into destruction, the youth but
heard the dreadful voice of the specter saying,
" Woe and destruction to that foolish man who-
first blows the trumpet before he draws the
sword." Whilst others are here blowing the
trumpet, though not a specter, he (Mr. .7.) wa 
anxious to place in their hands the sworil.
We have on our northern border more than
twenty thousand soldiers in arms; and we should
put our entire frontier in a state of defense. He
had but slight apprehensions of a serious collision
with England. It was the interest of both nations-
to preserve friendly relations. In our present con-
dition, the sacrifice of men and money would be
immense. With England, to the like considera-
tions would be superadded the preservation of her
four colonies. He believed that the question could
be settled to the satisfaction and interest of both
nations. His mind was free from every shadow
and mist of doubt on the subject of right and title
to the disputed territory; it is a part of Maine—
an integral part of the whole country. There was
a good deal of Hotspur impetuosity to theNorth,
on both sides, and with all parties. He approved
of the temper and tone of the Executive message;
but was opposed to much of the discretionary
power proposed to be given to the Executive in
the bill under consideration. The Constitution
gave the Executive already very great powers.
He would not surrender to the discretion of any
Executive, however prudent, virtually the power
to make war. Congress alone should declare war.
The Executive had now the power to repel inva-
sions. He had the power to demand of England
a final adjustment of this too long procrastinated
question. The ultimatum of both Governments
should be known; and for that purpose there was
plenty of time before the meeting of the next Con-
gress, unless the war speechesjn Congress should
By the report of the Minister of War, it appears
that the fire arms fabricated in the manufactories
of the French Government, and made disposable
for service from 1803 to 1814, were no less than
3,956,957.
The number in depot in France, in 1811, was
600,000, not including the immense number in
service.
If it were necessary to illustrate the necessity
of always having a superabundance of arms on
■ hand, it might be stated that the English lost, at
one blow, 60,000 muskets, which had been sent
to Dantxic; and 100,000 more were lost in a single
shipwreck.
At the close of the longwarwith France, when
Bonaparte was dethroned and Louis reinstated, J
the emperors of Russia, of Austria, and other !
crowned heads, visited England. When they went i
to Woolwich, the Emperor of Austria was so '•
astonished at the resources of that nation, and ¡
the immense supply of ordnance in depot, it is j
said, that he tested  their reality with his cane, ¡
hardly believing it possible that they were real |i
cannon, but that they were mock imitations, and
designed for an artificial and ostentatious display
of power.
Ho would say, before he concluded, that the
entire officers of the Army and Navy, with hard-
ly a single exception, thought that a national
armory for making cannon was almost indispens-
able.    Their statements in its favor filled nearly
a hundred pages of the report, and those who
used cannon were, or ought to be, good judges
how they should be made.   Their testimony at ¡
least had great weight with   him.    Unless  you ¡
placed the forts in a state of protection, it were !
better that they had not been built.    They could j
be easily taken by an enemy, and would then Í
become their citadels for the easy annoyance of \
the nation.    Indeed, he would say more.   If the
Government will not have them mounted with
good ordnance, or adopt early  means to place a
sufficient supply of cannon in depot, which could
be mounted at the first alarm of danger, national
economy and the national interest would be pro-
moted by their demolition.    Nor could he ever
vote for the erection of another, or for the re-
pairs of those already built, until the Government
adopted a policy of protection such as, or similar
to, that which he had been feebly urging.
It was not because there were indications of ¡
collision  with  Great Britain  that he urged the j
amendment.    The present juncture of circum- j
stances only enforced with increased weight the ,
necessity of such a proposition as he had intro- ¡
dueed.    He thought it as essential in peace as on j
the approach of war; and nothing would be bet- |
ter calculated to avert a war than a formidable
condition of our national defenses.   So far from
I its being a belligerent measure, it wasone of hu-
ll inanity; for it might be reduced to an aphorism,
