298          _______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________________[March 1,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                     Maine JBoy.ndary Question—Mr. Pickens.                                  Ho. of Reps.
their love of literary glory, they fell back to the
ordinary level of mankind, and were not at all
distinguished for literary merit fiom the mass of
nations. So it was not nature, but the means
adopted to assist and improve nature, that gave
to them their preeminence; and their success was
but in exact proportion to the perfection and use
of those means.
I could wish, if all were agreed in it, tha,t this
institution should make one of a number of col-
leges to constitute a university to be established
heie, and to be endowed in a manner woithy of
this great nation and their immense resources
This object, recommended by Washington in
one of his early communications to Congress,
has not, as it appears to me, received the atten-
tion it meats. For such an establishment, foi raed
and conducted as it might be, would be attended
with great and glorious results to this country—
not only by us direct operation in elevating the
standard of education, but by forming a central
point, a local head to all the leai ning of the coun-
uy, such as the most learned nations of Europe
have, and from which they derive the greatest
advantages. But as. opinions aie divided upon
this subject—not, I should hope, as to the gieat
desirableness of such an establishment, but as to
the constitutional competency ot Congress to un-
dertaken—I willnotembairass my piesentobject
by involving it with that subject. This, as an
independent institution, may hereaftei be made
a pait of such a university, should one be estab-
lished, but it is now to bo lookod at only as an
iiidependentinstitution Still 1 should hope that
the libeiality of Congress would so fur concur
with the generosity oí this foreign benefactor as
to give full effect to his beneficent purpose, and
would not only give the-grounds convenient for
the accommodation and location of the buildings,
but would also make an appropriation of money
therefor sufhcient to cover the oost of then erec-
tion, leaving the whole amount of the legacy as
a fund the proceeds of which to be applied to the
accumulation of books and appaiatus, and to the
Rupnort of the instruction and govirnmont of the
institution; otherwise, the whole (lung, I frai,
will pi ovo a failure by the expense of the outfits,
at least when computed to the lesults which it
might be made to produce, for though the Mil t
nos of mstinotion should not be over laige, yet
they should be so hbeial as to command the sei-
viccs of the ablest instiuctors in eveiy depart-
ment embraced by the plan of education
This is not the occasion for a detail in full of
the plan of education which I should wish to see
adopted, I will, however, beg leave to give its
outline, pi emising that my object would be to give
both learning and ability, but ability as the pti-
mary object. Ability, as I have stated, can only
be given, as I am fully persuaded, by appropriate
cxeicises directed by a ceitain rule; that is, by
the principles of the art, whatever that art may be.
So that exercises, exercises would be the Alpha
and Omega of my system. The studies should
be combined of science and literature, with its
appropriate arts As to science, they should be
íestricted to science properly so called—to pure
original science —with some of the practical
branches thereof not necessary now to be indi-
cated, excluding professory learning altogether.
As to literature, the studies should be given to
select models of a perfect literature, and to all
those arts by which that perfect Iitei ature has
been produced, and may be repioduced, accom-
panied by all those exercises legularly and ar-
dently pursued, by which power and skill is given
in those arts. The preliminary studies to qualify
for admission should also be proscribed. I would
have a model school for this pieparation annexed
to this institution and made a part of the estab-
lishment.
Such an institution, conducted by great masters,
as I should hope the instructors to be, and with-
out such indeed nothing great in education can
be accomplished, whatever the system may be,
but, conducted by great masters, would make the
lllustaous stranger, the founderof the institution,
as I think, one of the greatest of benefactors to
our country and to mankind, and to be wor-
shipped almost, heie at least, as the patron saint
of education
Mr. PRESTON.   Unquestionably the subject
to which my venerable fuend, the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Xsland, has called the attention
of the Senate, is one of great importance, de-
manding the grave consideration of Congress
The Smithsonian legacy has put the Government
in possession of §500,000, which, by the accept-
ance of the trust, imposes upon us the duty of
administering this fund in the most appropriate
way, to accomplish the broad beneficence "of
the diffusion of knowledge among men " As it is
in the order of Providence that, as the mind is
enlarged, our moral nature is also exalted, there
can be no object more beneficent or dignified than
that which the acceptance of this legacy presents
to us I earnestly hope that our efforts to dis-
chaige the trust assumed may be wisely directed
and crowned with success. And surely, Mr.
President, the establishment of the Smithsonian
Institution could not commence under more fa-
voiable auspices than to have attracted the care
of the honorable Senator, who in every way is so
eminently qualified to take charge of whatever
concerns the interests of learning 01 of charity.
No one has more experienced in his own heart,
or moie exemplified in his own character, the
benign influences of education, than the honor-
able gentleman, and no one, therefore, in this
body, was bo fit to have submitted the resolution
before you, or to cast the foundations of an insti-
tution whose duiation, we may hope, will bear
a proportion to its enlaiged objects I am sure
I but speak the sentiments of all the Senators,
when I offer him my earnest thanks for the lead
he takes in this matter Nor can I foibear, also,
Mr President, to thank lum for introducing,upon
this most fit occasion those elegant and elevated
topics which carry us for a moment into regions
of calm and serene air, above the smoke and din
of our accustomed and more strenuous efforts on
this floor It is pleasant to repose, though but
for an instant, upon the green spot he has pre-
sented to us.
1 iejoire,Mr Picsident, that it has so happened
that this subject demands our attention at tins
session After a long term of useful and honor-
able public seivice, my honoiable fuend is now
about to teuninate Ins cooperation with us on
this flooi It is his last session It is a fortu-
nate, ns it is a most just and fit teiminition of
his olhcial productions., that he at once finishes
and perfects them by insciibing his name where
it will be most appiopnatcly placed—upon an in-
stitution for the promotion ofknowledge. I hope,
Mi. President, that we shall at once proceed to
an eainest attention of this resolution, and to
carry into effect the intentions of a testatoi, with
a liberality contioiled only by oui constitutional
restrictions
The íesolution was then agreed to
MAINE BOUNDARY QUESTION
SPEECH OF HON   F. W. PICKENS,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 1, 1839
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the bill reported by the Committee
on Foreign Itelauona, to whom had been referred the jPres
ident's message concerning the Northeastern Boundary
Question—
Mr. PICKENS said it was with extreme re-
luctance he trespassed upon the attention of the
committee, nothing but the great importance of
the measure could induce him to do so at present.
He had interrupted his colleague [Mr Legare]
as to the point of order, and had claimed the floor
merely because of the circumstances under which
he waa placed with reference to the bill under
consideration. It will be remembered that this
morning, when the bill was first under discussion,
his colleague [Mr. Thompson] had said he hoped
tl at the bill would pass unanimously, without
debate, as there could be no opposition to it He
(Mr P ) then said that would not be the case,
and he desired to infoim the chairman [Mr How-
ard] that, if he supposed so, he would be mis-
taken, for he (Mr. P ) intended to move to strike
out the second section, and then gave notice of
that, but, before proceeding, he gave way to hear
the chairman first, in the development of the
views of the committee. But, instead of this
course, others had obtained the floor then, and
brought on a wide range of discussion, and he
had been prevented from explaining his points
of objection to the bill. He desired to do so
now.
But before discussing the bill, I desire (said
Mr P.) to notice the last observations of my col-
league, [Mr. Legare.] lie had said there was
no danger of collision from the march of hostile
troops at present, and had given m his experience
of what he had witnessed in Europe, and said
that he had often seen hostile armies moving and
retiring over the same temtoiy, and even coming
into temporary conflict, and yet there was no
war, and, in a fetf weeks, everything was again
liushed into peace. This might be the case in
regard to European armies, for they were made
up of dulled and trained soldiers, under the strict
orders of officers, who were again under the dic-
tation of despotic cabinets. They could be marched
up to the cannon'smooth, or marched off the field,
because it might be the pleasure of a tyrant king,
their master, so to will it. They were the mere
machines in the hands of those who made war
from ambition, and pieserved peace from interest
Not so in our country. Let the President bung
into action our forces, accustomed, as they were,
even to licentious freedom, and we would find a
veiy different state of things Our armies would
not be mercenary bands, but citiren-freemen,
with but little discipline, and feeling a passionate
enthusiasm for their country When you once
put a large force of that kind into action, and
bring them near to their opponents, under their
natuial excitement, it would be as difficult to
pieserve peace as it would be to preserve from
explosion the magazine into which ignited sparks
weie thiown
The analogy drawn from other Governments
does not hold good when applied to us. Peace
may be pieserved there, while the same causes
would produce war heie Theie is always dan-
ger here m calling into existence military power,
as is contemplated by the bill, unless we have
alicady íesolved on final action. In othei Gov-
ernments, eveiything is moved undei the duec-
tion of despotic cabinets, with absolute power,
the reverse is the case heie
I desne now to say a word in reference to what
fill to night fiom the gentleman fiom Kentucky,
[Mr. Mdnei ee.] That gentleman had given us
an enthusiastic disquisition on national honor and
in which, if pioperly defined, I entirely agiee.
But if the gentleman meant that vague and unde-
finable national honor, drawn fiom the Euiojiean
code and practiced upon for the last three hun-
dred years by European Governments, I raise my
solemn protest against it There whole nations
had been dienched in blood upon a mere point of
etiquette Such doctrines might suit those coun-
tnes whose people had been taught to humble
themselves before the diadems of loyalty, and to
ga?e in submission upon the stars and gaiters of
nobility, but they were entirely unsuited to the
people of a free Republic
Sir, I contend that, in this country, with a Gov-
ernment limited and defined by the Constitution,
we exercise nothing but trust poweis for the ben-
efit of the people, and we have no right to sepa-
rate national honor from sound national interests
Mr MENEPEE asked if Mr P. admitted that
there was a difference between national honor
and national interest'
Mr PICKENS. No, sir, if properly under-
stood and defined; but a general declamation upon
abstract national honor, as drawn from the Eui o-
pean code, was calculated to inflame our people,
now already too excitable I will not repeat Fal-
staff's soliloquy upon honor, but I will say that,
although a duelist may demand satisfaction, at
the risk of his life, because another may have too
rudely brushed the skirt of his coat, yet, when
the consequences of a man's action are not to be
confined to himself, but drag with it the misery
of millions, he has no right to stand upon a mere
immaterial point of honor. What I mean to say
is, that before afiee people can be dtaggedinto a
war, it must be in defense of gieat national rights
as well as national honor.
