1639.]                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      '399
25th Cong....3d Sess.                    Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Pickens.                                  Ho. of Reps.
Before examining the second section of the bill,
I desire to notice some of the observations which
ful fiom the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Biddle.] In many of his remarks I entirely con-
cur, but regret that he, as well as others, has
thought proper on this occasion to call up topics
not immediately connected with the subject The
discussion in which we are now involved will
interest foreign Powers, and attention will be
particulaily drawn to it m England As it is a
contest between us and a foreign Power, I regiet
that it should have been thought necessary not
only to go into the histoiy of our faults upon this
question, but also to censure oui diplomatic con-
tioveisies with other Powers. The gentleman
[Mr. Biddle] has alluded to our blustering and
talk exciting the ndicule of foieign Poweis, and
has even gone back to the last war with Great
Bntam, and said we had come out of it without
gaming a single point, 01 at least having had all
the points of controversy "adjourned over " I
cannot see with what propriety these things are
now brought up
Mr BIDDLE was understood to explain that
he meant to illustrate the propriety of only taking
such giounds at first as would be maintained and
enforced if a conflict should occur.
Mr. PICKENS said he was willing to forget
at present the past, or at least, when a cntical
con tioversy was pending between us and a foreign
Power, he rather desired to cover over the faults
of the countiy than to expose them to the gaze
of the world I have been taught from my moth-
ei's chambei, by examples drawn fiom Holy
Writ, to dread Heaven's avenging cuise pro-
nounced upon that son who uncovcied the naked-
ness of his parent. But I pass over these mat-
ters, and propose to examine the bill. The fiist
section gives power to the President to call out
the militia, the Aimy and the Navy, in certain
contingencies that may happen In the case of
"actual invasion," he now has this power by the
existing law. But a new contingency is now to
be created, and that is, in case Great Britain
should attempt to "enforce exclusive jurisdic-
tion " over the disputed teintory by "foice of
arms." This is a new and distinct power, as
defined in this section, and makesapomtin legis-
lation.
The second section proposes " that in the event
of actual invasion of the teintory of the United
States by any foreign Power, or of imminent
danger of such invasion discovered in his [the
Piesident's,] opinion to exist," then, and in that
case, the Piesident is clothed with power to en-
list a regular army, with twenty new legiments,
or neatly twenty thousand men. I contend that
this is a dangeious power to be placed in the
hands of any man. Fiom what I know of the
present President, I would as soon trust him with
military power as any man I ever saw. He is
cautious, and his nature is pacific But it is a
dangerous piecedent to allow any Chief Ma^is
tiate to be the sole judge of the contingency and
necessity foi creating at onestepastandmgaimy
of twenty thousand men The Constitution has
made Congress the judge of the necessity for war,
and we have no right to delegate, directly or in-
directly, any portion of that power. I have no
idea of authorizing the Piebidentto take any step
that may compel us hereafter to sanctioT that
which will force us into a war Let us deckue
war before we laise such an army. I have said
that I do not fear to tiust the present Executive
with military power, but I am a sworn enemy of
Executive discretion m any important matter
that can be regulated by law The precedent of
to-day becomes the law of to-morrow. And we
may have a prudent exercise of a dangerous power
by a wise and virtuous President; but let things
change—let us have some futuie hero, with his
laurels gieen from the plains of some Talladega,
Emucfau, or New Oileans—and then this very
precedent which you now pi opose to establish will
be quoted by him as containing the principle
upon which he will ask to have discietionaiy
power over a conditional aimy, which will be
called upon to sustain him in wa\m° his drawn
sword tuumphantly above the piostrate liberties
of his country.
A standing army should nevei be cieated ex-
cept by Congress, and we should be the sole judge
of the time and manner of its cieation. If there
should be a necessity for it, there can be no diffi-
culty. The country can be defended until Con-
gress can be convened, and if there should be
any such necessity for this army, Congress ought
to be convened. Besides, suppose the President
were to call for enlistments in the regular seivice
now, what would be the íesult? You would get
none but the veiy dregs from the alleys of your
cities, forming a miserable band of the most in-
ferior soldiers In a well-fed country like this,
you cannot get fit and pioper íecruits in the Reg-
ular service until we shall have actually declared
war, and thousands are thrown out of their 01-
dmary employment for support. Then you can
get a fine aimy of soldiers, and not until then I
would infinitely rather iely,m the first onset, for
defense, upon the regulai raihtia of the country
or upon volunteers, than upon any suddenly
laised enlistments. It is a mistake to suppose
that, under the mere magic of the name of " reg-
uláis," they would have any advantage over
militia oi volunteers until they had seen service
and felt that discipline which time alone can
give.
Again, I think that this second section of
the bill assumes somewhat a different posilion
from that assumed by the President himself in
his messages communicated to the House I
think these messages are pacific, and rather look
to diplomatic airangements to settle the contro-
versy. The Piesident's communications on the
whole subject are executed with uncommon judg-
ment and skill. They exhibit wisdom and pru-
dence. Is it politic in us to do anything that may
embarrass the position he has assumed? He
looks, and I think wibely looks, to negotiation.
The second section of the bill looks to me like
clothing him with power to negotiate at the point
of the sword. Could we bear this m a foreign
Power towaids us > It strikes me that its tend-
ency may be rather to embarrass than to promote
a peaceful ariangement.
I regret, exceedingly, that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs should have thought it necessary
to intioduce ceitam portions of this bill, and I re-
gret, exceedingly, that I cannot, in any event,
support the second section, as it is entirely in-
compatible with my principles. Nothing canjus-
tify such a section, but imminent dangei and ex-
tieme necessity It is a great mistake to suppose
that the Executive of tins Confederacy is weak
andpoweiless for the puiposes of íesistance and
defense. In a just cause for national defense,
where national lights as well as national honor
are involved, there is not a stronger Executive in
Chastendom Other countries rely foi defense
upon a dulled and standing army, whose pro-
fession lb war, and who feed upon blood, but here,
in a just and glorious cause, let the standard of
the Republic be raised and we gather around it,
not because an Executive oiders us to do so, but
because that devotion which springs from the
hearts of freemen piompts us to come to the
standard of our countiy. In a proper war the
Executive will always find itself strong enough
In the first struggle we may suffer, but as to a
peimanent invasion or conquest, the thing is ím
possible. You may burn and devastate the land,
but you can never conquer the country until you
totally exteiminate those who have been taught
fiom their infancy to believe that no other insti-
tutions can pieserve to them ihe inheiitance of
liberty It is this universal feeling that makes
your Executive sufficiently stiong in all cases of
just and necessary defense. It is according to the
genius of our institutions that he should íely upon
the citizen militia of the country in emergencies,
for defense and support, and, as much as ¡>ome
Governments may ridicule them, I piefer that bul-
wark of national defense, as a general reliance,
to any other that the wisdom of modern tacticians
may cieate. They may be defeated, but ihey
will rally again, and what is better, they are safe
m times of peace
That discietion which is to judge of the neces-
sity of ci eating an addition to oui piesent standing
Aimy (which now amounts to twelve thousand)
of twenty thousand, undei an enlistment for five
yeais, as contemplated in the second section of
this bill, I desire should be left entirely to Con-
gress, free from all embarrassment. The thud
section, which gives the President power ovei the
equipmentand aimmgoftheNavy,and the fourth
section, which creates the means, together with
the first section, I consider strong enough, and as
clothing him with all reasonable and necessary
power Sluice out the second section, and I have
no very serious objection to the bill, but then I
consider it full strong. If any new aspect of great
difficulty should ause with reference to Great
Britain, let Congress be called together, and if we
are to have war, let us choose our time to make
it, and let us not be forced into it rashly and un-
prepared But I cannot believe it possible for war
to grow out of our present difficulty on this ques-
tion. The good sense and interests of the two
countues will not suffer it As to the exclusive
jurisdiction over the disputed territory set up by
Gieat Britain, that arises from the construction
she has always put upon her prior sovereignty.
This claim rests upon the supposition that our
independence and sovereignty commenced from
the treaty of peace in 1783; and that, as she had
exercised, puor to the Declaration of Independ-
ence or that treaty, sovereignty and jurisdiction
over all the territory, then, subsequently to that
penod, she would continue to exercise junsdie-
tion upon all doubtful or disputed territory. Until
the doubtful points are settled, she claims juris-
diction by reason of her prior sovereignty This
is the basis of her whole claim to exclusivejuris-
diction; and yet this is all a mere fiction of law—
the same as claiming a right fiom possession until
a better title is proved. If such a position be
sound, then, ma controversy between Great Brit-
ain and Russia in the Northwest, as to temtory,
the struggle would be to prove which was the
oldest sovereign—Great Britain or Russia The
truth is, Great Britain treated with us in 1783 as
an independent and equal sovereign; and amongst
equals there can be, quoad hoc, no prior sovereign.
The treaty makes the boundary, and is the law
of location as to the line; and he who examines
that, can have no hesitation as to the true line.
Two rational minds cannot differ about it, yet
Great Britain wishes particularly the northern
portion of this disputed territory, as forming a
mihtai y position to enable her to move troops
across from New Brunswick to Canada, and, a3
she wants a militaiy position, she makes a claim
to territory, and I believe she was never known
to yield such a claim. This is the whole amount
of the controversy.
As to the declaration recently made in a letter
of Sir John Harvey, that he was " acting under
strict orders fiom his Government to exeicise ex-
clusive jurisdiction, and for that purpose he had
the whole military force m the piovmce at his
command, and that his orders admitted of no dis-
cietion—that he was bound to execute them," I
cannot believe but that he has misconceived his
instiuctions.
I will now referto only one circumstance, which
is conclusive to my mind that he is mistaken. It
will be recollected that the Butish Minister heie
(Mr. Fox) had but the other day signed a joint
memoiandum with Mr Foisyth, recommending
both Governor Fairfield and Sn John Harvey
mutually to release prisoners taken on either side,
and that both pai ties should " forbear to exercise
exclusive jurisdiction" until the contioversy is
adjusted by the two Governments. Now, if the
oideis to Sir John Harvey from his Government
were peremptory and admitted of no discietion,
Mr. Fox must have been acquainted with them,
and either Mi. Fox himself had discretion over
the subject, or Sn John was mistaken in his con-
struction, for how could the British Mmistei di-
rect what he has in violation of orders from his
Government? Either there is discretion or the
Butish Governor has mistaken the construction
of his orders, or Mr. Fox must be acting the dip-
lomatic hypocute in recommending what he has.
I am induced to believe that Sir John Haivey
must be mistaken 01 Mr. Fox would not have
recommended what he has. I have no idea but
that the whole mattei can be amicably adjusted
between the two countues without the slightest
difficulty. But if the revtise should be the case,
then we hate othei points of contioversy of deep
