304                                          APPENDIX ¿CD T13& CONGRESSIONAli GLOBE.                            [February 7,
25th Cong....3d Sess.
truth, the property of the States within which
they lie.   1 desire that they may be read.
Resolutions offered by Mr. Harrison, of Missouri, in the
Select Committee on the Public Lands of the House of
Representatives of the United Slates, January 16, 1839.
" Resolved, That the powers.of the Federal Government
result from the compact to which the States are parties,
limited by the plain sense and intention of the mtrument
constituting that compact, and are no further valid than
they are' authorized by the grants enumerated in the com-
pact.
" 2. That State sovereignties are oply diminished by pow-
ers specifically enumerated in this compact, or by such as
are necessary to carry the specified powers into effect.
" 3. That there being no terms or conditions mentioned
in the Constitution by which new States, coming into the
Confederacy, should be bound or restricted, each and every
State, whether new or old, as a member of this Confed-
eracy, has ' the same rights of freedom, sovereignty, and -
independence, In all respects whatever,9 as another; and
is as-completely sovereign, to alt intentsand purposes, as it
was, or would have been, had the Union never been formed,
except only so far as it has^iven certain rights and powers
to the General Government, enumerated in the Constitution,
for specified purposes.
"4. That the right of exclusive jurisdiction to the utmost
limits of State territory \s an unqualified and undeniable
attribute of sovereignty ; and as, by the nature of the're-
served rights, and the tethis of the Constitution, no one
State has a greater portion of reserved rights than another,
so no other power whatever has any ri^ht to, interfere, by
legislative enactment or otherwise, with the property or
rights of property winch lie within the acknowledged limits
ot any of the States, since these are subjects of a local
character, and appropriate only for local legislation.
'"5. Resolved, therefore, As the States ol this Confeder-
acy, * in all respects wiiatever, are equally free, sovereign,
and independent,' ho conditions being utfposcd or requued
by the Constitution upon tiiosc that might be admitted into
the Union, that all restrictions and conditions upon the new
States, on their admission, being opposed to the funda-
mental principles and analogies of the Government, and not
sanctioned by the Constitution, are null and void; and that
each new State, upon being admitted into the Union, being
'as free, sovereign, and independent as the other Slates,in
all respects wiiatever,' was absolved, by the act of admis-
sion, from all terms, conditions,restrictions,and limitations
whatever, whether under deeds of cession, ordinances, or
compacts; and became, ipso facto, the absolute, unquali-
fied, and uncontrollable sovereign of the soil lying within
its respective limits and jurisdiction.
I do not intend, sir, critically to examine the
premises which have led the gentleman to his
most extraordinary conclusion. The conclusion
itself is so monstrous that it is needless to attempt
to detect the error of the reasoning. Some one
has predicted that Virginia will die of an abstrac-
tion. I trust she will not die of this. I wish 1
could believe that it was a mere abstraction on
which no practical measure was ever intended to
be erected.    Let us examine it.
The doctrine maintained is, that the compact
entered into between the original States, and the
condition imposed and accepted by the new States
on their admission into the Union, were rendered
null and void by the act of admission itself, and
that they, the new States, then became ipso facto
the uncontrollable sovereigns and owners of the
soil.
Yes, sir, thenewStates.on their admission into
the Union, were discharged from all obligation,
legal or moral, to respect the title under which
the public lands have been held since 1784. The
compacts themselves are null and void, and con-
sequently every sale or transfer made by the Gen-
eral Government is an act of usurpation! This
is the naked, undisguised proposition. I believe
I state it correctly. Extraordinary as it appears,
it has perhaps been asserted before; but it is the
first time, so far as I know, that an effort has
been made to bring it forward in our great na-
tional council, in the face of the nation and of the
world; and I sincerely hope the gentleman from
Missouri may now succeed in obtaining a vote
upon it.
It is true, that by the compacts under which
the ceded territory was held, that territory was
declared, after certain objects should be provided
for, a common fund for all the States; that a sol-
emn ordinance declares it as one of the funda-
mental constitutions between the original States
and the new States subsequently to be formed in
that territory, that these new States sjiall in no
case interfere with the primary disposition of the
soil by theTJmted States in Congress assembled;
that this condition is expressly imposed in every
case by the very law under which these new
States were authorized to form State Govern-
ments preparatory to their admission into the
Union, and incorporated into the State constitu-
tions themselves; that this perfect and uncontrol-
Pnblic Lando-r-Mr. Robertson;
lable power in Congress, at least so far as is con-
sistent with the original compacts, has been as-
serted by all the constituted authorities of the
Union, Federal and State, from the foundation of
the Government to this hour. All this is nothing.
These solemn stipulations are null and void; the
Federal Government never owned a foot of land ,
in any State after admitting it into the Union,
and all its aets have been acts of usurpation ! Let
me ask the gentleman from Missouri to reflect
on the consequences, moral and political, of this
doctrine; to peruse again the celebrated veto mes-.
sage returning the land bill. Let him remark
with What respect the old compacts are spoken
of, and their binding obligation vindicated. I
will do General Jackson the justice to say, that,
however he may have urged upon Congress prop-
ositions inconsistent, in my opinion, with the
stipulations of those compacts, he never, so far
as I know, denied their obligatory force. He
set up no claim for the United States on the ground
of a right in them to the soil, but addressed him-
self to the policy and generosity of the Govern-
ment. Sir, the gentleman from Missouri must
view his doctrine in a light very different from
that in which it strikes me. He believes, no ',
doubt, in his own mind, that he can reconcile it [
to the principles of honor and integrity. If he :
should not be able to do this, in retracing the |
steps which have led him to adopt it, I trust he
will renounce it.
The error, sir, which probably lies at the foun-
dation of that doctrine is, the ideas he seems to
entertain that ownership and jurisdiction are in 
separable attributes of sovereignty.  He assumes
that the States have exclusive jurisdiction within
their limits; and then infers exclusive and abso-
lute ownership of the soil.   The premises are er-
roneous, and, if true, the consequence would not
follow. The States have not even exclusive juris-
diction.    The General Government, on the con-
trary, has concurrent or even supreme jurisdic-
tion to the extent of its constitutional powers; .
and it is still more grossly erroneous to claim the j
ownership, even if the jurisdiction was supreme. ;
Our history affords numerous instances in winch \
jurisdiction and ownership are separated.    In- ¡
ílerd, they are rarely united.   I will mention one '
or two familiar instances: In the cession of apart |
of this District by Virginia, the ¡urisdichon was ¡
conferred, but not the soil; and when the State of
Pennsylvania contracted with the United Slates
for the purchase of what was called the triangle,
the jurisdiction was ceded at once, but the right
of soil was retained for years.    But suppose this
doctrine true, and applicable to the public lands;
•say they belonged of right to the new States from
the date of their creation; that the General Gov-
ernment, in undertaking to sell or dispose of them
was an intruder, a usurper;  what then ?    What
becomes of all your titles to land in the new States
derived since that period, as they have been, from
this Government?   All of them, sir, every one,
null and void.  The courts of justice must vacate
every title which originated subsequent to the ad-
mission of the State into the Union.    Nor is this
the case in respect to private titles merely. Your
school lands, seats of governments, salines, all,
all are forfeited—founded in usurpation.
But, sir, we may be told they are held by a
higher authority. The State, the sovereign of
the soil, claims them ipso facto, by the act of ad-
mission: the very act by which it disclaimed all
pretension of right to interfere with them. Well,
suppose it so. Still all private titles are at an
end, and the new proprietor, the State, has a
right to partition out all the lands anew. Sir,
this doctrine not only unsettles all private titles,
it does more; it annuls the acts themselves ad-
mitting the new States into the Union. The se-
curity of the title of the United States was the
fundamental condition of admittance, upon which
alone the General Government could admit them;
and if the condition be violated, the grant itself
is annulled. Was there ever, sir, a doctrine more
monstrous in its consequences? The Represent-
ative of a State on this floor invalidates the titles
of his own fellow-citizens, and puts the State
itself out of the Union! It is nullification indeed,
far worse than that of the South. It is self-im-
molation. I cannot believe that the gentleman
himself, on serious reflection, will maintain it.
IJo. of Reps.
For, sir, suppose it true, as a legal or constitu-
tional doctrine; say that a State has the power to
annul all its most solemn compacts: what then ?
It is the ultima ratio regnm—tjie power, but not
the right; the power to violate a promise! .to
commit a breach of plighted faith! If the day
should ever come when any man shall invite the
people of the West to exercise this power by a
seizure of the common property of their brethren,
an act more perfidious than that proposed by
Themistocles to the Athenians, 1 trust some
modern Aristides will be found to rebuke the
meditated injustice, and teach them to spurn the
council which would prompt them, to consult
their interests by an act which would tarnish
their honor.
It has been sajd, Mr, Speaker, that we sold our
patrimony for a mess of pottage—for less, sir;
a spoonful from the dish. Esau received his
stipulated price. We have never yet enjoyed
ours. Our brother of Missouri insists that our
brother of Ohio has had too large a share, and
that his share must be made equal before we can
be served, and follows up this by a broad denial
of our right to any participation whatever. It is
all—all their rightful property. This pretension
reminds me, sir, of the old fable of the beasts who
went hunting. The young hon of the West seizes
upon the game we have laid at his feet, and di-
vides it into shares: one he claims by virtue of
his royal prerogative, as sovereign of the soil;
another on account of his superior skill and cour-
age; he whs the pioneer of the chase; a third he
must have to answer the necessities of his den;
ami as to the last let them touch it who will!
, But, sir, these pretensions can never prevail,
nor be sanctioned by the western people them-
selves. Who, sir, are these western people?
Goths and Vandals ? Hordes of barbarian Tar-
tars, who have made an irruption upon our terri-
tory, and are determined to hold it by force? No,
sir; no ! They are our brethren, descendants of
the same common ancestry, bone of our bone,
and Hush of our flesh; many of them, indeed,
citizens by birth of the old States. Among their
representatives, I see around me in every direc-
tion native-born Virginians; men, sir, who would
no more wrung us, I should fain hope, than, as
ihey well know, we would wrong them, and in
that confidence 1 extend to them the right hand
of fellowship.
The next propositions to which I shall ask the
attention of the House, are those of the gentle-
man from Arkansas, [Mr. Yell,] and of my
friend from South Carolina who sits next me,
[Mr. Pickens.] They are substantially the same
with that heretofore presented in the other House
by a Senator from South Carolina. The-Legis-
lature of Arkansas, about a twelvemonth past,
adopted a preamble and resolutions instructing
their Senators and requesting their Represent-
atives to give the bill of the Senator from South
Carolina their cooperation and support; and the
gentleman from Arkansas has adopted it with a
few alterations. The scheme is to cede the pub-
lic lands to the States in which they lie, those
States paying to the United States one half of the
gross proceeds of the sales. It is certainly less
exceptionable and less unjust than that of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, since it does not deny the
title of the United States; and only asks a sur-
render of one half the gross proceeds of the com-
mon property, instead of the whole. I ascribe no
unworthy or sinister motive to those who origin-
ated or support this measure. I can well believe,
sir, that, like the proposition by the Senator from
Kentucky, to give the new States twelve and a
half per cent., this offer, though far more in-
juiious to the South, may have had its/source in
a generous spirit of conciliation. I impeach no
motives; I deal with measures, their eftects and
tendencies; but I regard it as strong evidence of
the very favorable light in which it is viewed by
the new States, that its only support, with the
exception of South Carolina, comes from them.
The Arkansas resolutions to which I have re-
ferred never having been received, as I under-
stand, by their Representative, I request the Clerk
to read the copy printed from that transmitted to
the Virginia Legislature.
The resolutions were read.               *
Mr.  ROBERTSON.     The  gentleman   from
