m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &IÍOÉÉ.
[March 1,
25th C6s6„..3d Sess.
Maine BoünS'arrj Question—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
v/ken she denies it, will you still question Whether
¿he re invaded ? Sir, ia not your answer already
and unanimously made, that this territory ia ab-
solutely a part of Maine? Then, the only fact
which you can question is, whether it ia invaded,
and, if it is, then the obligation on you arises
there to repel that invader. Admit all this to be
true, and how, then, -will you come to the con-
clusion arrived at in this resolution ? How can
you say to-Maine, forbear; and, if you will not
forbear, the United States will withhold their
power from protecting you ? Are you at liberty
to say so, have you the right to do so, and cap
you do it without violnting an obligation expressly
imposed, upon you by this important instrument?
You have no right, and you cannot do it. The
advice is salutary enough till it reaches that point;
but, when you go beyond that, as you would do
by this resolution, you violate your duty here,
and, therefore, you have no right to pass such a
iesoltttion as tha(.
Mr. PRESTON said: I am against striking
out this clause, and I have risen to say a few
words to that effect, though, if my views were
such asthoseof the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Al-
IKN,] I could not oppose striking it out. He in-
sists that Maine can do no action that must ne-
cessarily involve us in war. Í helievu that Maine
can do an ant m which we are not bound to pro-
tect her. If, for instance, Maine should invade
New Brunswick,defeatSir John Harvey, capture
her men, and hold them there, does any man sup-
pose that we must then go to war, because of
Maine violating the Constitution, which forbids
tins course of conduct? The Constitution ex-
pressly denies this power to the States, and if a
State causes war, I ask whether that act is mak-
ing war for us?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not,if she herself makes
the invasion.
Mr. PRESTON. She cannot make war for us
in nny way. She cannot do it. She may repel
invasion, and in some respects this is n, war; but
it is caused by invasion; and in such n case a
State may not only repel it, but may call on this
Government to repel if, and all this may be done
without a declaration of war. Hut the Senator
from Massachusetts, abandoning this general
ground, that it is impossible fora State to do any-
thing which must necessarily produce a war,
comes to a case such as w not before us. The
resolution supposes no invasion to bo made, liis
Detroit cape, therefore, is not a parallel at all.
The case of the resolutions is that there is to be
no invasion; they suppose, on the contrary, that
New Brunswick is to forbear; and then the na-
ked case is this, that if there is no invasion, and
Mame, notwithstanding, chooses war, shall we
sustain her?
Hut, says the Senator, avoiding the difficulty,
and with another fundamental mistake, shall not
Maine enter into the possession of her undisputed
territory, which the Senate accoid  to her by a
unanimous decision? Sir, the whole of this is a
fallacy. It is not her undisputed territory; on the
contrary, I, will) the resolutions, and with all,
have declared that it is disputed. It is her right-
ful territory; but is that right undisputed? Is it
not, on the contrary, the foundation of the whole
of these proceedings that her right to this coun-
try is disputed ? Great Britain claims it as fully
and as boldly as Maine. But will you, by your
example, put them in the position to maintain
that tliey,being sure an we are, have a right to go
there and maintain by force their possession ?
We have decided the right; but, pending the ac-
tion on the mutual question, neither we nor the
other party have the right to take possession of
the territory. Maine has not the right to take it.
It ts_ a question in our foreign relations, one that
h disputed, and the settlement of it rests with this
Government.
And where is the line that divides us ! Here,
says the British negotiator, and there, says the
American negotiator. And to what are we to ap-
peal ? There ia but one resource of two—war or
negotiation; and the proposition of the Senator
amounts to this: that Maine is to say whether it
shall be by war or negotiation. She would rush
at once into war, and thus destroy all* chance of
a negotiation. But will any one say that she has
the right? Will the South venture on a question
of this land ? A portion of her property has been
seized by the British, which they have taken un-
der a presumed power in our general relations.
Would it be admitted that North Carolina might
land a force'on the Island of Bermuda, and seize
theae slaves, or that she might make a declaration
of war for this purpose. As far as the military
accupation of this territory is concerned, Maine
has no more right to it than she has to sack
Fredericton. I do not say that it is not neces-
sary for this Government to get it for her; but
as long as it is in abeyance, Maine has no more
right to take possession of it than shehas to take
possession of Frederickton.
And now, how does this matter stand in regard
to this territory? The right, we know, is in
Maine, and we are in the process of establishing
her title; but before we accomplish that, Maine
changes the position of the question, and takes
from us a prerogative Which belongs to us. By
a'unahimous vote of this body, we declare that
the line is beyond that territory. Tt is there; and
if every inch of it is to be drawn in blood, it shall
be there. But by whose power is this to be
effected? By our own, into whose hands these
high powers are committed. It is not by the
blood of Maine that this is to be decided, but by
my blood and money, and by the blood and
money of the whole country, and we are to decide
on the time and the manner. But what mockery
would all this be if Maine could drag us into a
war; and with what spirit should we go to war,
if we were, or could be dragged into it' We have
seen a (ire along the whole northern frontier.
Suppose the case was there, could Vermont draw
us into a war when the whole country is against
it? And Maine has no more right to march into
the disputed territory than the Governor of Ver-
mont has to march his troops into Canada. This
resolution seems right, under every aspect of the
case. Maine is bound to forego her proceedings,
and to surrender her discretion to the discretion of
the General Government. Let her, then, forbear
a little longer. I concede that, if Air a series of
years we should disregard her rights, then she
would have the right to talco the matter into her
own hands, and be sovereign and independent by
her own vigor. But this is an extreme case. I
am anxious to take the case as it is now expressly
made, and that is this: there is a dispute about
this territory, and into that territory no foreigner
can put his foot, and by this Government and by
no State power can a different state of things ex-
ist. By the supposition of a case, Great Britain
is to withdraw; and she having thus performed
her part, the question arises whether Maine may
set aside her part of the agreement.
Sir, I would be as reluctant as any one through-
out the State of Maine to accede to this resolu-
tion if I believed it infringed any one of her just
rights, or impaired her sovereignty. I would
rather go to war than infringe the Constitution.
But I do not believe that it does so. I may be
asked why 1 am in favorof this resolution. It is
because the war spirit is up. Britain has treated
us badly, extremely so, and consequently the
war spirit is abroad. Maine is greatly excited;
and is it better to leave this matter to her, who
has received the outrage, than to us who are
cooler, and to whom the prerogative of judging
in this case belongs? Shall she draw us on, or
shall we restrain her?
Mr.WILLlAMS,ofMainc,snid:I was a little
surprised at the remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina, in the early part of bis speech,
knowing, as 1 did, the views of that gentleman
in regard to State rights and State sovereignty,
and I am glad to perceive that before he closed
he was induced to say that when a State has suf-
fered for a long series of years the suppression of
her rights, it is her right and duty to interpose in
her own behalf, and be sovereign by her own en-
ergies. And now what is the case before us ?
This territory, he admits, or rather declares, is a
part of the State of Maine, and her right of pos-
session is held in suspense. But if this and a
foreign Government have a right to take one third
of the State of Maine, and say the title to it is in
suspense, and to say to Maine she has no right
toexercisejurisdictionoverwhatis acknowledged
by us to be absolutely her own, why have they
not the' right to take the whole State, and put
Maine in abeyance as to her own identity ? And
if Britain and the United States should take a
fancy to say the Penobscot is the boundary, are
the rights of Maine over all that territory sus-
pended on that account ?   Sir, I trust riot.
And what is the actual ease now under consid-
eration ? The territory of right belongs to Maine,
and an agreement is made that she shall not ex-
tend her jurisdiction over it, and then Maine is
treated as if she had violated that agreement. But
what are these resolutions? Do they not say that
in all her acts, thus far, she has not violated the
spirit of any agreement ? Why, then, is the eon-
duct of Maine arraigned, as if she would now re-
venge her own wrongs? Thus far Maine has
acted within the spirit of that agreement; and
why, then, not leave her to determine and to do
her own duty ? Why go on arid say, on a sup-
position, on a mere presumption, that if she act
otherwise (han you prescribe, you will not then
be under obligation to protect her ? We say that
Maine has done, thus far, well; snü why not stop
there, and leave her to her own honor and discre-
tion? Sir, I hope this clause will be stricken
out.
Mr. WALKER said: I cannot bring my mind
to favor the adoption of the entire resolutions. I
am not for war unless it is dernandrd by the honor
of the country. I have no objection to the first
part of this resolution, but to the Inst part I see
constitutional objections which cannot he an-
swered, and 1 should feel obliged to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations if they could answer
them.
The remarkable case in which a State can call
on this Government for protection is when she is
invaded, and it is the duty of this Government,
hy the Constitution, to protect a State under all
circumstances against invasion. And is this Gov-
ernment to determine when a State shall enter
into possession of whnt^i'P have declared in be a
porlion of the territory } We have unanimously
decided that the soil is hers. Whose is the sover-
eignty then over this territory ? I pay it is that
of Maine. And is it not righi that this State sov-
ereignty should be exercised > Has Maine not
the right to the possession of this territory ? Or
has this Government the right to prescribe the
time and circumstances underwhieh a State shall
exercise the right of sovereignty over the whole
of her territory ? This is not the question whether
a State has a right to decide what is her teiritory.
But when the General Government has decided
that it is her territory, lias that General Govern-
ment the right to say that she has not the right
to exercise jurisdiction over that territory'
Sir, what ia the case? Maine is actually in-
vaded, and shall we not repel that invasion ? It
is said this territory is disputed; but by whom ?
By a foreign Power. And what is the result of
the argument of the Senator from South Carolina
when carried out? It is, that although our terri-
tory is invaded, we are not bound to repel that
invasion if a foreign Power deny our right to the
territory. Sir, if that is so, you never can repel
invasion, for the invaders will ever deny your
right. The territory is invaded, and we are told
that we are not to perform our constitutional duty
because a foreign Power disputes our jurisdic-
tion.
Mninerifs!ie choose, may abandon the territory.
But has this Government a right, under the Con-
stitution, to demand that a sovereign State shall
give up the actual possession of any portion of
her territory? We have no such right, and these
resolutions cannot alter the Constitution. Then
suppose that Maine has taken actual possession
of this territory, and refuses to abandon that
possession, and then suppose that Great Britain
marches her troops within the limits of Maine,
and makes war upon the State: then what do we
declare if we adopt this resolution ? We should
have proclaimed to Great Britain and the world
that this Government is under no obligation to
defend Maine in the possession of this territory -
The resolutions mean this or nothing; and now I
ask, if Maine should refuse to abandon this ter-
ritory, and Great Britain should invade it, and
proceed to slaughter our people, are we, in that
case, under no obligation to defend and protect
them ?
Mr.  BROWN  said,  with ail the  reverence
