1839.1
APPENDIX TO TH& CON&RESSÍOíUL CfLOBE.
m
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Maine Boundary Question—Mr. Webster.
'Senate.-
which he had on all occasions felt and cherished
for the rights of the States, he could not assent
to the doctrines which had been avowed by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker.] He
could not sanction the doctrine that the State of
Maine had a right to take possession, by military
force, of the territory now in dispute, and which
she claims as being within her proper boundaries.
Where the limits of a State have been ascer-
tained and acknowledged, the principle asserted
was, beyond all doubt, correct; but when they
were in dispute, the case was materially different.
A State could not settle controversies of any kind
with a foreign Government, as it was competent
alone for the General Government to exercise
that authority, to which the treaty-making power
belonged, under the Constitution. The power of
settling controversies of that kind had been most
wisely confided exclusively to the General Gov-
ernment. If it were left to each State whose ter-
ritory borders on that belonging to foreign coun-
tries, and who might happen to have disputed
boundaries, to withdraw from the General Gov-
ernment the power of settling them by treaty,
and of taking the controversy into their own
hands, a single member of the Confederacy would
have the power of involving the other States in
war at its pleasure. He therefore considered the
doctrine contended for, utterly incompatible with
the authority of the General Government to which
the power of making war and peace alone be-
longs, under the Constitution.
Mr. B. said he should vote for the adoption of
the resolutions reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, because he believed they took
the true view, not only as to the rights of the
respective parties to the controversy, but as to
the duties which it was incumbent on each to
perform. Some honorable Senators had viewed
them as not sufficiently strong in sustaining the
rights of the State of Maine; but he took a very
different view of them. The third resolution de-
clares it the duty of the President, if the British
Government shall attempt, by military force, to
exercise exclusive jurisdiction over the territory
in dispute, to resist it by the whole military force
of the United States, and pledges the cooperation
of the Senate in sustaining him to that end. Asa
correlative duty, the fourth resolution declares
that, in the event the British Government shall
refrain from attempting a military occupation, the
State of Maine should, in the opinion of the Sen-
ate, pursue a similar course of forbearance; but
should she refuse to do so, and determine to set-
tle the controversy for herself, by force, that there
will be no obligation imposed on the United
States to sustain her by military aid.
Mr. B. was opposed to striking out the latter
part of the last resolution, as had been proposed.
The State of Maine certainly had no right, during
the pendency of the controversy between the
Government of the United States and Great Brit-
ain, to occupy the territory in dispute by a mili-
tary force, except for the single purpose of repel-
lin«- invasion. If she pursued a contrary course,
and should choose to undertake the settlement of
the controversy herself, the Government of the
United States would be absolved from any obli-
gation to sustain her in it. To strike out that part
of the resolution might create the inference that
she bad the right to occupy the territory by a mili-
tary force, a right the exercise of which would
inevitably lead to war. "With the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] he shared fully in the wish
to see the rights of the State of Mame defended,
and to the utmost protected; but he could not
agree with him in the sentiment which he had just
uttered—that he was with her, " visitor wrong."
The maxim which the Senator had repeated was
uttered by a gallant officer in the late war, and is
the sentiment of lofty patriotism. In a state of
war it never can be misapplied. When the coun-
try is once involved in war, no true patriot will
refuse to aid her, " right or wrong;" but it would
be a great misapplication of the principle in a
state of peace to make the same declaration. He
had the utmost confidence in the patriotism of the
State of Maine, and did not believe that she would
act rashly in the present controversy; but if she
should determine to occupy the territory in dis-
pute between her and Great Britain by military
force, and decide to settle the controversy for
herself, he should not be ready to justify her,
" right or wrong." The maxim that" he who has
his quarrel just is doubly armed" is not more
truly applicable to individuals than to nations.
Let us, in the progress of this controversy, be sure
that every step we take in it is sanctioned by pru-
dence and justice; and if an appeal to arms be-
comes unavoidable, then we shall be strengthened
in the conflict not only by a consciousness of the
justice of our cause, but by the approbation of
the nations of the civilized world.
Mr. B. said that he would not refrain from
noticing an observation of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr.PK'ESTO ,] beforehehad concluded
what he had to say on this subject. That Senator
deprecates the prevalence, at this time, of what
he calls a war spirit in our country. He saw
nothing to regret in this, if it be so. If it be meant
by this that the nation had shown a just sensi-
bility to the national honor, he rejoiced at it. The
high spirit which the arrogant pretensions of
Great Britain had called forth from one part of
the country to the other, and the readiness of
every portion of the Union to share with Maine
in the controversy, was the exhibition of a noble
moral spectacle, of which he was_ proud. Its
tendency was to create a true American and na-
tional feeling, and to diminish the force of those
various British influences on our country, which
he regarded as by far more formidable and dan-
gerous to our republican form of Government
than all others combined. He saw nothing in it
to regret, but everything to honor and applaud.
Mr. B. would vote for the whole of the resolu-
tions, not because he would surrender the right
of Maine or the dignity of the United States, but
because they would best attain the great end in
view, which was a just and honorable termination
of the negotiation.
Mr. RIVES said: It seems to me that the res-
olutions would be certainly incomplete if we strike
out either the whole or part of the fourth resolu-
tion.    The Senator from Maine has viewed this
subject under a misconception of the true charac-
ter of the controversy.    He asks, why say any-
thing to Maine; why not leave her to her own
honor and discretion >    Sir, T hold thai, whileal-
most the whole of these resolutions are taken up
in asserting the rights of Maine, we may be al-
lowed to intimate to her what we consider to be
her duty in relation to those rights.    Of the first
three resolutions assertniff the rights of Maine, the
first denies the right of Britain to exclusive juris-
diction over this territoiy.    The second declares
that Maine is authorized to expel trespassers on
tins territory.    The third declares that, if Great
Britain persist in asserting her claim of exclusive
jurisdiction by a military occupation of the terri- j
tory, in that case the United States are bound to j
sustain Maine, and it will be considered  as an ¡
invasion, demanding of this Government to call |
out the military force of the whole  country to j
repel it.
When we have done all this in the assertion of ,
the rights of Maine, shall we be silent in closing, I
with icspect to what we consider her duty in re-
lation  to withdrawing her military force ?   Call j
it civil posse, or what you please, shall we not !
say that, if Great Britain refrainfrom the forcible j
assertion of exclusive jurisdiction, we must insist
upon it as a case of duty in Maine to manifest
like forbearance, and that, if she will not do so,
there is no obligation resting on the United States
to sustain her by military aid?   All the argu-
ments which have been brought to bear against
the resolution are founded on misconceptions of
its character.   Gentlemen put it on the ground
of invasion.    Butthe resolution, on the contrary,
supposes that Britain will withdraw, and, in that
case, if Maine refuse to withdraw also, this Gov-
ernment is not bound to sustain hev by military
aid.   The power of peace and war is lodged in j
the hands of the National Government, and it is ¡
not the right of a State to make war in spite of ;
the nation.    Maine has applied to the Govern- .
ment for defense, and ought to expect the Gov-
ernment to prescribe in what manner and under
what circumstances that defense will be afforded.
No one is more ready than I to declare the
rights of Maine to this territory, and I am ready
to give my utmost support in the maintenance of
those rights.   But this question is to be decided
by Congress, tire great arbiter in such cases: and'
it is not for Maine herself to decide H., Andit
appears to me, that if we strike out the latter
part of this resolution, we shall seem to acquieéée
m the assumption that Maihe is to decide this
question for the United States.
Sir, Maine, or her Representatives heTe, has
mistaken her remedy. It is y"et a rhatter of nego-
tiation; and let all be brought to bear that can be
made to bear on the British Government to induce
her to hasten the negotiation and bring it to some
issue; and, when that is brought to an end with-
out success, I, for one, shall be ready for a formal
declaration of war, for the purpose of sustaining
our rights. And let gentlemen bring forward a
proposition declaring that this negotiation de-
mands earnest and pressing efforts to bring it to
a close, or let it be a- proposition for á special mis-
sion for that purpose. Its long pendency is a stain
on the character of the country; but, till it is term-
inated, I am against the action of one of the
States to precipitate us into a war with a foreign
Power. We have don« everything- to stimulate
the Executive to hasten thiB negotiation. I have
not learned what has been done in consequence
of thp resolutions of Congress át the last session;
and I should be glad to know why this matter
was not pressed while Canada was in a state of
insurrection. I do not know whathas been done;
but if the Senator from Maine will bring forward
a proposition to stimulate the Executive, it shall
have my support, or for a special mission to Great
Britain, using all the means to bring the contro-
versy to a definitive conclusion; or let it be em-
ployed to submit to her a proposition foranother
arbitration; and if Great Britain will not consent,
then, on that supposition, let the Senator bring
forward and lay a resolution on the table that the
Governmentof the United States, and not Maine,
shall occupy the territory by force.
Mr. WEBSTER said: Concurring, Mr. Pres-
ident, in the general spirit of these resolutions, I
should be glad if there could be some modifica-
tions made in the latter branch of the fourth and
last, so as to insure for it my own approbation,
and 1 should hope the unanimous approbation of
the Senate. I cannot vote for it as it now stands.
I must say that, in my opinion, there are well-
founded objections against it. I concur with the
Senator from Missouri in thinking that its senti-
ment is not constitutional.
Let us see, sir, how this fourth resolution
stands.    Its words are:
Resolved, That should the British authorities refrain from
attempting a militaiy occupation of the terntoryin dispute,
and irom enforcing their claim to exclusive jurisdiction
over it tw arms, then, in the opinion of the Senate, the
. State of Maine ought, on her p.m, to pursue a course of
I biinilai foibcaiauce.    *1M should she re/use to do so, and
j determine to sp'Up the rantraversy for herself hy force, the
| adiuslmenlofuhiek is intrusted under the Constitution to
I the Fednal Government, in sueh an event there will be no
1 obligation imposed on that Government to sustain her by
j military aid.
| To the latter part of this resolution I entirely
j object. It is not fragrant of the true spirit of the
I Constitution of the United States. It seems to
' imply that, in certain contingencies, we shall leave
the State of Maine to carry on alone the war
against England. It says that, if she shall not act
as we recommend, but shall make use of her own
force, we will not aid her. But will that fulfill
our whole constitutional duty? Gentlemen say
that they will not suffer all the rest of the States
to be dragged into a war by Maine. Very well;
but, then, neither must Maine herself be allowed
to go to war, unless for reasons which shall in-
duce this Government to go to war also. We
need not reünact the Constitution; we need not
declare that no State can make war with a for-
eign nation. Hostilities commenced by a State
are not lawful war. If a State declare war, it is
still no lawful war,and it is,unquestionably,our
duty to repress all such hostilities, until this Gov-
ernment is at war itself. It is wholly inadmissi-
ble to suppose any case whatever, however con-
tingent or however extreme, in which we may be
quiet hete, without dereliction of our duty, while
one of the States is in arms against a foreign na-
tion. No supposable or imaginable case wouid
allow such a slate of things. Yet this seems to
be implied si the last branch of this resolution.
Hostilities, carried on by State authority, are no
