1839.]
APPENDIX fBOJUtm lOONjGRESSIOsNALqrt^fl^,
331
25th Cong....3d Sess.
dence, they thunder in your ears the appalling
demand—Give an accodnt of thy stewardship !
Here, say they, are your pledges of retrenchment
and reform; your professions of horror at the dan-
ger of an abuse of Executive power; your boasted
regard for the freedom and purity of elections;
your promises to give us upright and faithful
officers; and your expressed fears that, if you
were not placed in power, corruption would be-
come the order of the day. And now here is the
fulfillment of your pledges and promises in the
ten years'administration which you have inflicted,
on the country. We call on you, as our servants,
to tell us why the evils you predicted have not
been averted, and the good you promised has not
been done; why for bread you have given us a
stone, and for fish a serpent; and why, when we
looked that the vineyard should bring forth grapes,
it has brought forth wild grapes.
THE PRESIDENTIAL QUESTION IN CONGRESS.
And now, sir, what is your reply to the de-
mands of a betrayed and abused people, urged,
and ably urged, as they have been, by the peo-
ple's Representatives on this floor? How do you
meet the facts and arguments which are pressed
upon you? Sir, you do it by endeavoring to
stifle investigation; by deprecating discussion; by
holding U3 up, as the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs has done, as a debating club;
and, in short, by every conceivable device which
can tend to divert the public mind from the great
questions we are struggling to bring out in their
true magnitude and importance before the country.
It was in the spirit of this system of evasion
that a gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Br-
num] yesterday told us that these lengthened dis-
cussions would not be tolerated by the people;
that these attacks on the Administration were in-
tended to act on the next presidential election; and
that it was " not our business to make Presi-
dents," but to attend to our appropriate legisla-
tive duties. "It is a dangerous practice," said
the gentleman, "forus to be employed in making
Presidents."
The gentleman from North Carolina seems
Very much alive to the danger of our being en-
gaged in making a President. But where have
slept his apprehensions for the last ten years,
while the President has been making members of
Congress; while he has been reaching out the long
arms of Executive influence, north, south, east,
and west, and bringing into these legislative Halls
men who would act in obedience to his will ?
And where were his fears when General Jackson
made his successor ? Did he discover any " dan-
ger" in that operation? No,sir,none. Butnow,
when we seek to liiimake him whom General
Jackson made, the case is amazingly altered! It
is a " dangerous practice."
Mr. Chairman, I deplore, as much as any one,
the necessity which impels to discussions and in-
vestigations here, looking to a presidential elec-
tion. But how are they to be avoided? Are we
to sit still and see the Executive bestriding the
country with his colossal power, and not warn it
of the danger? Is corruption to go unrebuked?
Are the grossest abuses to pass uninvestigated?
Is this body the grand constitutional inquest of
the nation, invested with the power even of im-
peaching the President, (notwithstanding his
claims to the representative character,) and are
we to be told that discussion shall cease, investi-
gation be suppressed, and the Executive held to
no responsibility to the people, through their
Representatives, because it is not their business
to make Presidents ? The abusers of power may
thus talk; they do not want motives for it; but
the people hold a very different language.
Sir, I am aware that the presidential question
has come to engross a large share of the attention
of Congress, and that discussions bearing on it
interfere, often very injuriously, with the ordi-
nary business of legislation. Once it was other-
wise; but in a fatal moment it was determined to
" r¡ut down" a "pure" Administration. The
combination was formed, the forces marshaled;
and these halls were made the chosen theater for
the onset. Day after day and month after month
were they made to resound with the most ground-
less clamor and the most bitter invective against
the Administration which it had been declared,
Executive Power—-Mr. Shde~.
in advance, should be prostrated. It was then
that the presidential whirlpool was set in motion,
which has become a rapid, raging maelstrom,
drawing and ingulfing everything within its vor-
tex.
And, sir, how can it now be otherwise, when
the Administration, brought into power by means
of the professions and pledges I have described,
has disappointed a confiding people; when the
President has " rushed madly" from his consti-
tutional sphere, placed himself at the head of a
party,used his patronage to build it up, and sought
to make all the State governments and all the
branches of this Government revolve around him
as the great center of the whole? Sir, it is the
abuse of power that has kept this maelstrom in mo-
tion. Let the Executive restore the balance of
the Constitution which he has disturbed; let him
go back to the constitutional sphere in which the
predecessors of General Jackson were content to
move; let him cease to pervert his patronage to
selfish and party purposes; let him become the
HIGH-MINDED, LIBERAL, DISINTERESTED, CONSTI-
TUTIONAL Chief Magistrate of the nation,
and the maelstrom will cease to move, and this
Hall will be restored to what it was before the
conspiracy was formed to put down the pure Ad-
ministration.
But, sir, until this is done, investigation and
discussion must and will go on here. If we will
not investigate and discuss, the people will send
those here who wilt. The great centralizing, all-
ingulfing power of the Executive must and will
be resisted. It will be in vain to attempt to arrest
this effort by telling us that it is notour business
to make Presidents, Sir, we know our appro-
priate business. Long enough have we seen Ex-
ecutive influence moving around and through
these Halls, and long enough have we legislated
under its control. It is our first and most solemn
duty to endeavor to repel it; to restore the inde-
pendence of these legislative bodies; to drive the
Goths and Vandals from this Capitol. We have
nothing to do with making this or that man Pres-
ident; but we have something to do with Execu-
tive corruption and usurpation, (both of which
have much to do with us,) something to do with
that Executive influence which has disturbed the
constitutional balance of this Government—which
has made its way to the ballot-boxes, elected a
President, brought into these Halls members of
its own creation, and assailed the independence
of these bodies by Executive bribes on the one
hand, and Executive denunciation on the other;
that influence, in part, so prophetically described
in the report of the committee of the Senate on
Executive patronage, in 1826, (made by Martin
Van Buren, Richard M. Johnson, Thomas H.
Benton, and others, to swell the false clamor
against the " pure" Administration,) in which it
was said:
" The power of patronage, unless checked by the
vigorous interposition of CONGRESS, must go onincrras-
in%."      *      *       *       " Patronage will penetrate
THIS BODY, SUBDUE  ITS CAPACITY OF RESISTANCE, CHAIN
it to the gar of power, and enable the President to rule
as eañly, and much more securely, with than witliout the
nominal check of the Senate."
Sir, if it is not our appropriate business to dis-
cuss and investigate when this prediction is lit-
erally fulfilled before our eyes, then we may as
well determine, at once, to submit! and when we
have submitted, we shall have no more to do hot
to dissolve these bodies, and leave the Executive
to govern the country without the forms of the
Constitution.
SHALL POLITICAL TREACHERY BE REWARDED?
Having, Mr. Chairman, dwelt at some length
upon the connection between the maladministra-
tion of those in power and their professions and
pledges, I anticipate the inquiries—why talk so
much of professions? Why dwell so long on
pledges? If the Administration is bad, show it;
but the measures of a bad Administration will
be made no worse by proving that the men in
powerhave made hypocritical professions, or that
they have violated their pledges.
Sir, there are two questions before the country
for decision, namely: Shall a corrupt and  per-
i nicious  system of  policy be perpetuated'   and
j shall hypocrisy and treachery be rewarded with
I a triumph?    It need hardly be said, sir, that
Ho. OF RjEPSi
I the proof of the corrupt character of the policy,
, drawn from a consideration of its nature and
tendency, finds "confirmation strong" in  the
'. professions and promises of its authors,- They
a/e judged out of their own mouths.   They pro-
nounced in advance their own condemnation, and
furnished the arguments to sustain it.
|    But, sir, there is something in the treachery of
; a deliberate violation of pledges solemnly made
to obtain power, which is deserving of distinct and
¡ deep consideration.  While the pledges were made
1 upon an assumption of abuses which were known
not to exist, their violation has been the result of
! deep, settled, systematic purpose.   The Admin-
! istration have sinned with their eyes open—in the
I very face of their own professions and pledges.
! They have been constantly reminded of their in-
| consistency.   They have had spread oat before'
them General Jackson's letter to President Mon-
roe in 1816; his address to the Tennessee Legis-
lature in 1825; the report of the Senate commit-
tee on Executive patronage in 1826; the retrench-
ment report of 1828; and the inaugural address
of 1829.    But it has all been to no purpose, but
to show the world with what perfect coolness and
deliberation professions may be falsified, pledges
violated, and power abused.
And now, sir, do you not perceive, in this view
of the subject, a distinct and very strong reason
for deprecating the triumph of those in power?
Did you ever see an individual who had risen by
a successful course of chicanery, to wealth and
importance, triumphing in a purchased respecta-
bility, and reveling in the enjoyment of ill-gotten
gain? and did you not mark the pernicious moral
influence of his success—especially upon the
young men of the community ? Can any influence
be more dangerous in private life than such ex-
amples of successful villany ? And shall such
examples teach us nothing ? Can we fail to per-
ceive their application? Can we shut our eyes
to the moral influence which must follow a tri-
umphant consummation of the system of political
chicanery which 1 have described? Can we
measure the height and depth, and length and
breadth of its bearings on the broad and bound-
less future in our country's history? If, sir, the
political charlatanry of this Administration is to
meet with no rebuke from the people, but is to be
sanctioned and rewarded by them, then, indeed,
shall corruption become " the order of the day,"
and its current acquire a strength which it will
be very difficult, if not impossible, successfully
to resist.
NATURE  AND  TENDENCY OP THE  " SPOILS" PRIN-
CIPLE.
Sir, it is my deliberate conviction that-we have
arrived at a point whence, if a successful stand is
not made against this current, it will become re-
sistless and overwhelming.    I'do not think that
j we are, any of us, sufficiently awake to the exist-
ing reality on this subject.   I do not believe that
I we are fully aware of the progress which corrup-
tion has made under the administration of the
present dynasty. We have not sufficiently re-
flected on the nature and tendency of the principle
which enters into the entire policy of the Admin-
istration touching the bestowment of Executive
patronage. We have not considered how strongly
it appeals to the selfish and sordid passions of bur
nature; nor how systematically and perseveringly
the means have been sought and found of giving
it effect. We have not been aware how rapidly
its insidious influence is debasing the moral feel-
ings of our countrymen, and lowering the stand-
ard of political morality. Why, sir, what an in-
stantaneous effect must the full disclosure of this
principle produce on the moral feelings of the
army of office-holders scattered throughout the
country? How suddenly must they feel the
promptings of interest urging them to seek to
retain their offices, not by an independent, manly,
conscientious discharge of duty, but by a mean
and selfish subserviency to the power that dis-
penses patronage ! How,underthis system, must
patriotism wither at the very approach of Exec-
utive influence! How rapidly will principle yield
to expediency, and self rise up and take the place
of country ! With how little ceremony will con-
science be thrust aside as an old-fashioned puri-
tanical counselor, unsuited to this age of political
