1830.]
f&mnmK,frm*¥m GmosmmmmmLfmE.
25th Conéí. .3d Sess.
i?¿f«r and Barbar Impronhmmts+rMr* Matmn.
' H® 'of>Kebs;
it in a manner which will be long remembered I
by those who have abused their confidence and
beti ayed their rights. They are beginning to feel
their stiength, and put it forth upon the massy
pillars of the temple of corruption Give them
one full and fair " heaoe," and it shall tumble into
rums.
PRETENDED REFORM OF 3829 REALLY NEEDED IN
1839
It is not a little remarkable, Mr. Chairman, that
the abuses which the Whigs are now laboring to
reform, by putting down the Adrmmstiation, are
of the very same nature with the pretended abuses
■whose reform was promised by the leaders of the
present Admimstiation paity, ten years ago. If,
sir, I were to seal ch for an exhibition of the prin-
ciples of Whig reform, I could find them nowhere
more clearly and fully set forth than in Geneial
Jackson's letter to Mr Monroe, m 1816, in his
addiess to the Tennessee Legislatuie in 1825, in
the Executive patronage repoit of 1826, m the
retrenchment reportof 1828, and in Geneial Jack-
son's inaugural m 1829. What a revolution
■would be effected in the administration of this
Government, if the principles contained in those
papers could be earned out for the period of a
single administrationo'f fouryeais. Whatagiat-
ificatien would it be to every true Whig in the
United States to see elevated to the Presidency a
man who would stand up in this Hall on the 4th
of March, 1841, and put forth the very language
used by General Jackson on the 4th of Maich,
1829, provided there could be a reasonable assui-
ance that it would be honestly and faithfully car-
ried out in his administration How consonant
to genuine Whig punciples.and howappropnate
to the present state of things, would be the fol-
lowing portion of General Jackson's inaugural,
in the mouth of a Whig President:
" The recent demonstration of public sentiment inscribes
on the list ol Executive duties, m characters too legible to
be overlooked, the task of retorm ; which will require
particularly the correetionof those abuses that have brought
the patronage of the Federal Government into conflict with
the Ireedom of electiqns, and the counteraction of those
causes which have rfislurbcd thi rightful course of appoint
inent, and have placed or continued power m unfaithful or
incompetent hand^ In the performance of a task thus pen-
erally delineated, I shall endeavor to select rae  whose
diligence and talents mil insure, in their respective sta
lions, able and faithful cooperation, depending, for the ad
vancement of the public service, more on the integrity and
zeal of the public officers than on their numbers A diffi-
dence, perhaps too just, in my own qualifications, will teach
me to look with * * * * veneration to the
Iqhts that flow from the mmd that founded, and the mind
that reformed our«ystein 'J he same diffidence induces me
to hope for instruction and aid from the coordinate branches
of the Government "
Mr. Chairman, I ask no better Whig Admin-
istration than one that will make these promises
and faithfully fulfill them in theirtrue spirit. But,
for one, I want no more violations of pledges—
no more " keeping the word of promise to the
ear, and breaking it to the hope " I would rather
have an Administration that will not vow at all,
than one that vows and will not pay. Let us
have, at least, the reform of fi ankness and straight-
forwardness If we must have such an Admin-
istration as the Jackson-Van Buren "reformers"
have given us, let us not have it under a Whig
name. Let it carry its own appropriate colors
Let it bear aloft the black flag
CAN ANT ADMINISTRATION EFFECT A REAL REFORM'
But, Mr. Chairman, can we have an Adminis-
tration that will make these pledges and faithfully
redeem them > Sir, I fear we cannot, and that
fear is much stronger than I entertain that we shall
not have a nominally Whig Administration Such
an Administration, I trust the people are prepared
to give us; but that such an Administration, or
thatany Administration, can now come into power
and effect a genuine, thorough reform in the great
matter of Executive patronage* I lament to say 1
■very much doubt.
Sir, it is among the worst of the evils connected
with the misrule of this Administration, that,
while it has given to party spirit great bitterness,
it has begotten an alarming indifference to the
character of the means by which it may be grat-
ified. The danger of retaliation on a change of
Administration, none can fail to perceive. Such
an exercise of the appointing power as shall be
necessary to restore a just equilibrium, and give
to each of the parties of the country their just
proportion of offices, so as to divestAhe exeicise
of that power of its present parly chavactei,
would, under the influence of paity feelings, and
a remembrance oí paity injustice, be very liable
to degenerate into the same abuses that have
marked the course; of this Administration, and
this liability would be increased by the dimin-
ished lestramt of public opinion which has, under
a ten yeais' Administration upon the mercenary
"spoils" principle, become accustomed to the
application of that principle in the exercise of the
removing and appointing power. The thirst for
office has been greatly increased within the last
ten years, and the men who feel it have toa often
thought its giatification, in connection with the
íemoyal of incumbents, to be satisfied with, a
President who will not fuimsh them such grati-
fication at the expense of such renioval.
Under the influence of « perverted public sen-
timent, theie are doubtless many Whigs who
would deem a Whig Piesident quite too scrupu-
lous and " stiait-laced," who should hesitate to
follow the fashion of " rewarding friends and
punishing enemies." To stay the downward
progress of public sentiment in this respect, and
bring it up, at once, to the point of demanding, in
accoriance with General Jackson's advice to Mr.
Monioe, the appointment to office of men " most
conspicuous for probity, virtue, capacity, and firm-
ness, without regaid to parly," and requiring that
the Piesident shpuld " act foi the wliole, and not
apart of the community," would be an achieve-
ment little less than miraculous General Jack-
son might have adopt this principle and carried
it out in his Administration, for it would have
been not onlv following his own advice, but the
example of his immediate predecessor. But can
it be done now > Sir, we want a President who
is able to do it. It is an object of the very high-
est importance. He mui>t not only have the in-
clination, but the power. He must possess such
a weight of chai acter and have such a hold on the
confidence of the country, independently of party
associations, as shall enable him to sustain his Jld-
ministt alion upon the basis of such a reform, and
carry it out successfully and triumphantly. Long
enough have we had Chief Magistrates whose
influence has been used to pervert the public mmd
to an approval of a corrupt policy. May we not
have a Piesident, at length, who will nobly take
the true ground, and who can carry into his high
station such a moral power aa shall enable him to
purify and elevate a public sentiment which that
station has, for ten years, lent its whole influence
to coirupt and debase >
Sir, the Whigs have a mighty work to do to
achieve a victory; but, if that victory shall be
achieved, there will íemam a greater work to ac-
complish—that of wisely and justly improving it.
Indeed, the vicloiy will not, m truth, have been
achieved until the px mciples of this Administration
shall have been put down, and superseded by an
elevated, disinterested, manly policy, in opposi-
tion to the groveling, selfish, vindictive one which
we have witnessed for the last ten years And,
sir, let rae say, that the man who can come into
the Presidency in the midst of the conuptions of
this period, and commence and carry foi ward and
sustain his administration on itgfti principles, will
have achieved a triumph whose glory shall as far
transcend the glory of the highest military achieve-
ment as that falls below the triumph of truth over
ei ror, patriotism over selfishness, and purity over
corruption.
KI\EE AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
SPEECH OF HON. R. P. MARVIN,
op new york,
In the House of R&fresentatives,
February 5, 1839,
On the report of the Committee of Ways and Means relat
mg to the state of the Treasury and the expenditures of
the Government
Mr. MARVIN said that, before he concluded
his remaiks, he intended to inove a lecommit-
ment, of the report to the. Committee of Ways and
U&Wh with, instructions to report a biU njakmg
appropriations to continue the improvements of
the harbors and rivers, according to the estimates
reported to Congress fiom the ptoper Department.
í have examined with someeare (said Mr. M.)
this report ftom the Committee of Ways and
Me.ans,and I have done eo with no httle aston-
ishment. For some time previous to ¿he corotag
in of this repiort, I liad ainiicipflted.tiiat.the coax 
mittes would report the usual tall for toe eo'ntin-
uance of the public -works ftppri our «©rtherii
lakes, and the iiap.royem.eijt ¡of the n«vlgati««,o/
livers, which works had been commenced under
the former legislation of Ceogress. From the
little experience I have had here,I <M suppose
thai,  was «Imost awatter of course that the comr
mittee should repoit ^hose bills making «ppropri*
«tions for thejsojitinuanse of ¡those works wJueli
had been provided far by previous legislation.
I well recollect that at the last, session-of Can 
gress, when we had a disouss*o« upan tlu* bul
Í waking .appropriations for continuing the Cuhh
I berland road, a question was raised as to ths
opinions of a majoi ay ¿>f the Committee of Ways
and Means winch had reported the bill, and that
the chaiiman rose itt his place ¡mi slaled thai if
the committee vrere to report no Wis to the
House except such as a majority*ef tbeioommnt-
tee approved, very many of our appropriation
bills wo#ld never be reported atall A-fliajonty
of the committee was opposed to the bill for con-
tinuing the Cumberland roads and 1 have under-,
stood the fact perfectly well that the majority of
that committee were also opposed to the harbor
bill; nevertheless it was reported atitlie last ses-
sion of Congress, according to the recoEnmeadae
tions of the proper department, and that  ioay¿o
exact accordance with the estimates for each
work as proposed by the Department And when
1 learned from this leport tihat the committee .had
decided not to report a bill for the action ¡of Con
gress continuing these improvements) 1 confess,
sir, I was greatly astonished; and though genT
erally silent here, I determined to avail myself jof
the earliest opportunity to vindicate these im-
provements fiom the dangerous attack which has
been made upon them,and to speak fieelyof ilus
repoit, and of the course which the Committee of
Ways and Means have decided to pursue. They
have taken the responsibility of nullifying the
former legislation o( Congress, and the reeom 
mendations of the Department .having charge of
these works. They have taken upon themselves
the responsibility of discrrtJM.na.UBg between the
recommendations of one Pepartmentand another.
And so far as their action is concerned, they have
determined that this House—that the Bepi*sent-
atives of the people—shall nut be trusted to vots
upon the questiou whether these wpiks shall be
continued ot abandoned. I ask whether it would
not have beon more respectful to the House if the
committee, in accordance with well-established
precedent, had leported the bill to the House,and
left a majority of the Representatives of the peo-,
pie to act their pleasure in relation to it' We alt
know that the lules of the House are such, ¿bat
it is very difficult to get an expression of opinion
upon propositions which a member may wish to
submit. If the committee will report the bill, and
after a fair and full consideration, the ma;ouiy
here shall decide against the continuance of these
works, then it will become me to submit to such
decision, but until there be a fair discussion and
vote upon the question, neither I nor my con-
stituents will be satisfied
This íeport, sir, is prepared with considerable
ability, and displays much ingenuity in the ar-
rangement of us matter for the purpose of accom-
plishing the object which the writer doubtless
had m view. It goes on to, speak of the increase
of the expenditures of this Government from its
organization to the present time. It institutes
comparisons between many items or classes of
expenditure in J829, and for a few yeaxs past. It
speaks of the enormous increase of expenditures
under the civil list, in the Army, the Wavy, and
in othei blanches of the admimstiation of public
affairs; but, generally, these are mentioned only
to be defended. Suggestions are tluown in all
along to palliate and excuse the enoimous m-
cteaw; of these expenditures, wi|h very few
exceptions, one oi which is the pension system
The reportthefl comes down w wbatis «ailed the
