3§th Gone....3i) Sess.                 -River an&Herfbw' :ÍMprwíiwn£$-¿-*Mr. M&rvm.                        "      Ho. tiT RnK
internal improvement system, arid thus solemnly
introduces the subject:
••The committee feel it to be their duty to Bring to the
special notice of the House the heavy and rapidly increas-
ing expenditures upon harbors and rivers."
The residue of the report, constituting more
than one third of the whole, is devoted almost
exclusively to an assailment of these works.
I do not understand, sir, that the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Cambrelbnc,] who is the
author of this report, maintained that these ap-
propriations are positively unconstitutional. It
is true, he has thrown out suggestions of doubt,
and has spoken of expenditures, "foreign, as
your committee believe, to the original design of
the Constitution;" but I say I do not understand
him, anywhere in this report, to avow the opin-
ion that such appropriations are without consti-
tutional authority. If gentlemen shall be disposed
to meet the question on constitutional grounds, I
shall not object todo so at any time, as I have no
doubt of the authority in the Constitution to make
these appropriations for the construction of those
works which are national in their character, and
which are necessary to facilitate the commerce
of States, and in time of war greatly enlarge our
means of defense and powers of resistance. If
we may rely upon the opinions of the framers of
the Constitution, of those eminent statesmen who
were cotemporaneous with it, upon the prece-
dents established by them, and acted upon by all
Administrations, from that of General Washing-
ton down to the present; if we may rely upon the
commentators upon the Constitution; if any ques-
tion in this country is ever to be settled by the
combined authority of legislation, of practice, and
the opinions of men eminent as jurists and states-
men, then I say the constitutionality of these ap-
propriations is settled. I will not, however, at
this time, enter into a discussion of the question.
Were I, however, to do so, the principal author-
ities which I would cite should be from that por-
tion of the United States where this authority is
now the most stoutly denied.
As to the policy and expediency of these ap-
propriations, I will ask the attention of the House
to a few facts, and, in the outset, I wish to dis-
embarrass the subject, and to relieve the harbors
on the northern and northwestern lakes (for I
propose to confine my remarks principally to
them) from the odiousncss of the large expendi-
tures charged against them. Congress has for
several years annually passed a bill, which, in
common parlance here, has been called " the
harbor bill." It is a bill making appropriations
for harbors on the lakes and sea-coast, and for
the improvement of the navigation of rivers, and
for other purposes. This report states that over
twelve million dollars have been expended for
these purposes—for what has been denominated
internal improvements. I will hereafter remark
upon the manner in which these $12,302,533 66
«re made up. Now, sir, what portion of this
large amount has been appropriated for the lakes
—for the northern coast—upon the most import-
ant frontier of the United States? The whole
amount appropriated is but little over two million
dollars. Previous to the last session of Congress
the whole amount which had been appropriated
was a little over one million six hundred thou-
sand dollars, which had been nearly all expended
upon twenty-eight works of the United States on
the northern lakes.
I ask gentlemen, if they can, to point me to
any part of the United States where the sum of
#2,000,000 has been expended for objects more
national, or where greater national benefits have
been produced. It is idle to say that it is consti-
tutional and proper to appropriate money for the
improvement of harbors on the sea-coast, and for
the protection of commerce upon the high seas,
but that it is unconstitutional and improper to ap-
propriate money for the improvement of harbors
and for the protection of commerce on these vast
inland seas. What is the amount of commerce
upon these waters? How much business is done
there? On Lake Erie alone the amount of ton-
nage is thirty-four thousand. There are upwards
of fifty steamboats, and they are among the largest
in the United States. The amount of commerce
is now very great and is rapidly increasing. This
commerce cannot be safely carried on without the
protection which theseTiarbors afford. It is out
of the question. There is no natural harbor on
the whole southern coast of Lake Erie.
These works were originally commenced as
experiments, and they have been eminently suc-
cessful. They were cheap structures in the first
instance, and it is now necessary to repair them
in a more permanent manner. If you withhold
appropriations, what would be the consequence ?
what would be the condition in which these works
would be left? Many of them are much exposed,
and would necessarily go to decay. Could not
the Committee of Ways and Means select out
any other items of expenditure as the objects of
retrenchment, except those which are actually
necessary for the protection of our commerce and
for the defense of our frontier; or was it neces-
sary to assail these works in order to yield to the
demands of a party representing another section
of country, from which so much declamation is
constantly heard against, these appropriations?
Why, sir, I am astonished at the view taken of
this subject. The other day a bill came up here
appropriating $¡500,000 for the protection of the
northern frontier, and upon the bare request of
the chairman of the committee, the bill was passed
almost sub silentio, and I believe without a sincle
dissentingvoice. Last winter, the sum of $625,000
was appropriated for the same purpose, and the
bill passed without opposition; thus, more than
half as much money has been appropriated by
these two bills as has ever been expended on all
the harbors upon the lakes.
Mr. M. was here interrupted by the expiration
of the morning hour, and the House proceeded
to other business. The next day the morning
hour was consumed without taking up the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and on
the day following the Belect committee on the
public lands made a report, which took precedence
for the morning hour over the consideration of the
report from the Committee of Ways and Means.
A bill, however, making appropriations for mili-
tary purposes, came up in the House, with an
amendment mnking the usual appropriation of
$30,000 for surveys,ctrc; when Mr. M. continued
his remarks as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I understand that the report made
this morning from the select committee on the
public lands takes precedence of the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon which I submitted a few remarks the
other morning. A debate has sprung up upon
this land report, and from present appearances I
presume it would not be a very extravagant pre-
diction to say that it will occupy the morning
hour for the remainder of the session, unless some
other committee should come in, and by permis-
sion make a report which shall take precedence
of this, and thus override it; in either event, I do
not see but I am fairly cut out of my remarks if
I wait for the opportunity of continuing them
upon the order of business upon which they were
commenced. I am assured, however, by all the
old members about me, and particularly by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways Means, that
my remarks upon his rpport and in defense of
harbor and river improvements will be perfectly
in order in the present debate. At any rate, sir,
I shall not be liable to interruption from the ex-
piration of the morning hour. I will, therefore,
proceed now in my remarks.
When arrested, the other morning, I had just
called the attention of the House to the fact that
two bills had been passed by the present Con-
gress appropriating $1,125,000 for the defense of
the northern frontier, a sum equal to half the
amount which had ever been appropriated for the
construction of harbors upon that extensive fron-
tier. My object in calling the attention of the
House to these appropriations was not for the
purpose of condemning them, for I approved of
them at the time, and I believe that the amount
appropriated for that purpose at the last session
was fruitful in good; out my object was to show
that, without the aid derived from the existence
of these harbors, we might have been obliged,
for the purpose of accomplishing the same ob-
jects, to have appropriated double or treble that
amount. I maintain that these harbors are abso-
lutely necessary for the protection of your north-
ern frontier, and that there are no other objects I
upon which money can he so judiciously ex-
pended, having in view the defense of that exten-
sive frontier; and for the correctness of this
opinion I think I might safely appeal to all your
military officers having any knowledge upon the
subject. Had it not been for the existence of
these harbors, it might have been very difficult,
during the last year, to have preserved your neu-
trality laws. After the patriots had abandoned
Navy Island, and had dispersed themselves, with
an understanding that they were again to meet
at some point on the western extremity of Lake
Erie, after having forwarded their arms and such
munitions of war as they had, Cofohel Worth, one
of the most active and enterprising officers in
your Army, chartered a steamboat at Buffalo,
and, with a small body of men, in eight and forty
hours, traversed the whole length of the lake,
having landed at the principal harbors along our
shore. He ran into the harbor of Dunkirk, forty-
five miles from Buffalo, early in the morning,
landed his men, and marched to the village Of
Predonia, three miles from the lake, and seized a
largo quantity of the arms of the Patriots, re-
turned to his boat, and continued .his voyage, and
was entirely successful in breaking up the enter-
prise of a set of misguided men, who were doing
all in their power to involve us in a war with
Great Britain. Now, sir, if these harbors had
not been in existence, this enterprise of Colonel
Worth could not have been performed; no such
voyage could have been made.
' I am now considering these works in a military
point of view, and as necessary for the defense
of the country, or rather as very important and
necessary means of defense. I take it that it is
not denied by any one that the obligation to pro-
tect and defend the country, the entire country
from foreign invasion, rests upon this General
Government. If I show that these works are
necessary in a military view, for the defense of
the country, it will then at once be conceded
that they are national. I shall call the attention
of the House to some extracts from the reports
of United States engineers, who are superintend-
ents of these works. I read first from the report
of Mr. Smith, the engineer superintending the
construction of several of these works on the
southern shore of Lake Ontario.    He says:
" The harbors on the southern shore of Lake Ontario are
important for two purposes, commercial and military."
He then speaks of them as agents of commerce,
and adds:
" The existence of such places of refuge is of great im-
portance to those navigating the lake ; for, where harbors
abound, shipwrecks seldom happen, but where they do not
they are frequent. The safety thus insured in the navigation
of the lakes, is one of the greatest benefits that the Gen-
eral Government could confer, and is one, too, clearly its
duly, as well as interest, to bestow." * * * *
" It has been said that these harbors arc important for mili-
tary purposes, in the event of a war between the United
States and Great Britain, this frontier would neccs>anly
become one of the scenes of active operations. On the
Canada side of Lake Ontario, there are a great number of
godd natural harbors, in which vessels might he built, fitted
out, and manned, and from which, after the Welland canal
has been enlarged, they might be sent out to harass the
whole of the northern inland coast; and, were it notin the
power of the United States to meet them with their own
weapons, disastrous consequences might ensue." * *
* * " Moreover, there now ex^ts between Kings-
ton and Montreal an internal communication, confessedly
for military purposes; and, when the contemplated ship
canal around the rapids of the St. Lawrence has been con-
structed, the whole of this same coast might not only be
exposed to the mercy of vessels from Canadian ports, but
likewise to a British fleet from the ocean."
I will read, sir, another extract or two from
this able report, bearing upon the question I am
now considering; for I am anxious that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means should
take a more enlarged and comprehensive view of
the whole subject. I wish to satisfy him that the
whole country has an interest in them, and that
their benefits are not confined to " cities, towns,
and villages," which may be located near them:
" All the artificial harbors on the southern shore of Lake
Ontario, will admit, when coinplctod. vessels diawing thir-
teen feet water; and flig Sodus bay is large enough to con-
, tain a fleet of any size, and well adapted lor sucirpurposes.
1 Not only, then, will tile whole of the cua^t be amply pio-
vided with'gooil harbors, but the connection between them
and the interior of the country is such that, at any one of
them, all the munitions of war and men necessary for a
military expedition could be concentrated with the utmost
celerity.   The facilities for conducting military movements
I  with unusual rapidity in this section of the country are now
