83$
ARFENDim TO>3BHB;fXM£RBSSHH^.g!&«&.
[February 5,
<}Sa9ErJQ®Na.:¿3D Sess.
MisfAiiriékSarhw-d^pms)nw>ts^^3dkt -Mwvik.
. a! Ha. ©i'Reps.
its resattrees, its power, and its wealth are devel-
oped and spread out before him.
In a document recently laid upon our tables,
coming from the Secretary of the Treasury, it is
stated,that " the tonnage of all the steamboats in
the United States is computed to exceed one hun-
dred and fifty-five thousand nine hundred and
seventy -three. Of this, one hundred and thirty-
seven thousand four hundred and seventy-three
is. in boats ascertained or reported. By the offi-
cial returns, the whole tonnage would ripw prob-
ably equal near one hundred and sixty thousand
tons, having been, in 1837, equal to one hundred-
and fifty-three thousand six hundred and sixty."
The Report adds, that " in England the tonnage is
estimated to have been sixty-seven thousand nine
hundred and sixtyoiine, in 1836," This great
amount of tonnage is all employed in the home
trade, the internal commerce of the country. Our
steamboat tonnage *s considerably more than
doable that of Great Britain. I read further from
this interesting document:
« Tit  whole number of steamboats ascertained and esti-
mated to be now in this eeuntry is eight hundred, in
England, in 1836, the whole number is computed to liavc
been six hundred. On the western and southwestern waters
atone, near four hundred are now supposed to be ruilnlnjr,
where none were used till 1811, arid where, in 1834, the
number was computed to be only two hundred and lliitty-
four. 
from this extract, and the one I have just rend,
showing the amount of tonnage, it appears that
the steamboats in the United States are much
larger than in England. It is stated, in this re-
port, that the average tonnage of the steamboats
tt  the United States is about two hundred. Ob-
serve, too, sir, the rapid increase of steamboats
on, your western waters, " where none weie used
till 18H, and where, in 1834, the number was
eomputed >to be only two hundred and thiuy-
four;" and, but for the expenditures of the Gen-
eral Government, in removing die snags and saw-
yer  from the noble rivers upon which these boats
goat, haw many do you suppose ihere would now
be? But it is lime, sir, that I called your atteji-
tion to the water croft upon the lakf-s, «>  «bow-
ing the amount of business done upon them.
&.nd here, air, I think I shall have no difficulty
in showing the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that they have kept pace with
the '" rapidly increasing expenditures" so much
condemned in his report.
Mr. Brown, an intelligent and enterprising
United Slates engineer, having charge Inst year
of several of. the works on Lake lino, states, in
his report of last year, that
"Tuero are now filly steamboats on Lake Erie, whose
fou a3S aniQunt* to ten thousand five hundred ton-,; and
chavea, more InuuclieiJ and on the stocks, which will he
ready next season, whose tonnage will be about live thou-
sand tons; and there are two hundred and thirty ships, brigs,
«oímoners, and sloops, amounting to fourteen, thnur-Rnd nine
hundred awl thirty one tona- -The steamboats make their
trips once a week, and ihe sail vessel- once in two weeks;
so that the coa.tinjr trade of the upper lakes, next season,
will amount to seventy live thousand nine hundred and four
tons per month. To the resident* in this section of the
country, it is well known that the uhole of this immeuse
commerce owes its safe existence to the United States harbor
improvements.*'
allowing six months as the period of naviga-
tion, it shows you an amount of tonnage per an-
num, .of.over four hundred and fifty-five thousand
WW '    '
Mr. Williams, an able engineer of the Topo-
graphical 'c'ofps, who is the present general super-
iti^sñdent of the United States works on the lower
part of take Erie, in his report of last fall, states
tjife aggregate tonnage for Lakes Huron, Michi-
gan, and Erie, the bulk of which, he says, belongs
to the latter, at thirty-four thousand tons, and
Aat there are in all about three hundred vessels.
The amount of tonnage belonging to Buffalo and
its immediate vicinity is ten thousand three hun-
dred and forty-one tons; and he adds:
"The whole amount of tonnage belonging to the port of
Buffalo and vicinity, in 1830. wa  one thousand nine hun-
dred and fitly tons.; tent an Inorease of eight thousand four
Hundred ami elevan tons, or four hundred and thirty per
cent,, at Buffalo ajoue, in seven years."
Here is an increase of tonnage and business, I
venture to say, not paralleled in any other por-
tion of the world; owing their existence, in the
emphatic language of Mr. Brown, to the United
States harbor improvements. In 1832 the amount
of canal tolls received in Buffalo, principally on
freightgoing forward on the Erie.canal to Albany,
from the country bordering on the lakes above,
amounted) jn round numbers, to $66,000; in 1836,
to$158,Op&. It is well known that this is ng flair
index of the increase of business upon the upper
lakes. During all this period the emigration into
this vast country bordering upon the upper lakes,
particularly into Michigan, the northern part, of
■ Illinois, and Wisconsin, liaá been So great that
heavy drafts.h ve been made upon the country
bordering upon the southern shore of Lake Erie,
principally Ohio, for breadstuff's to feed the new
settlers, tilkhoy should .be able-to produce a sup-
ply for themselves. This state of tilings will not
long exist; indeed, it is now nearly, if not quite,
atan end; and hereafter all these sections of coun-
try will produce ft surplus which must seek a
market east of the lakes. The business, there-
fore, in my judgment, will go on increasing for
some years to come, in a,much greater ratio than
heretofore.
It will be seen by the extracts I have read from
these documents, that about one tenth of all the
steamboat tonnage of the United States is upon
Lake Erie alone. What reflections does this fact
alone pioduce? In number, they are one six-
teenth part of the whole. This shows that they
are, on an average, larger iban the other boats in
the United States.
The first steamboat which floated upon Lake
Erie was launched in 1818. It was named the
Wallc-in-the-Water. And we have now the
largest steamboats in the United States, with the
exception of one—the Natchez.
Mr. GIDDINGS remarked that the Great
Western, recently launched on Lake Erie, was
laiger than the ttatcln-z.
Mr. MARVIN. .Well, sir, we have, then, the
largest steamboats in the United Sintesupon this
lake, and I thank my fiivod from Ohio for correct-
ing me, and claiming the honor as belonging to
the enterprising proprietors of steamboats on the
lake. The tonnage of seveutl of these boats is
between seven and eightliundied tons. But,sir,
ihe eompan.-oii is not lairly und fully made if we
confine ours lues to steamboats alone, fvearly
all ihe oonimei ee upon voui gieat wuMeru nveis
is ettrried on by menus of steam boats,, tnii no Miips
or schooners art1 employed but upon the hikes.
We can avail nursi Ivos-of the pow rof the winds
as well ns steam; and hence it is that there are
employed on the uppir lakes near two hundred
and fifty ships, brigs, schooners, and sloops,
which, in the aggregate, exceed eighteen thousand
tons.
Now, sir, all these steamboats in the United
StateSi together with the other vessels on the
lakes, are employed exclusively in the inlafid, the
internal trade of the countiy, in the commerce
between and among the several States, in trans-
porting the productions of one State to another.
None of them are employed in the foreign trade,
though they/eedand sustain withthe rich produc-
tions of the mtertor your foreign trade, and re-
reeeive in exchange the various products of for-
eign climes, and distribute then* among your
citizens inall parts of this wide-spread Confed-
eracy, from the Atlantic to the Rocky mountains.
I now ask, sir, in all candor, whether the con-
struction of works absolutely necessary for the
safety of this immense business, and without the
construction of which this commerce could not
exist, is a matter beneath the notice or care of
this Government? Are works which are prom-
inent agents in producing such results mere local
"county,city,town,and village improvements?"
Near four hundred of these splendid floating
storehowes which are propelled by steam are to
be found in the valley of the Mississippi; upon
that mighty river and its tributaries, many of
which claim for themselves the proud career of
more than a thousand miles before they are lost
in and swallowed by the Father of Waters,which,
without apparent augmentation, pursues its ma-
jestic course to the ocean. The power of steam
has successfully combatted and overcome the
powerful current of these great rivers, and your
noble steamers now plow their way in safety
from the Gulf of Mexico up these rivers nearly
to their sources. On these rivers and in these
boats thecqmmerceof a-region ofoountry unsur-
passed" in fertility and natural'resources  sujg,.
ciently extensive to afford a comfortable home
for all the inhabitants of Europe, is carried on;
and the commerce of this vast region, accumulat-
ing and increasing from year to year and from
age to age, isalways to continue to flow in these
natural channels, supplying the millions of our
people who are to inhabit the country, with the
comforts and luxuries of life, stimulating them
to industry by the advantages -that they possess
in sending their abundant surplus to market and
bring their labor and their enterprise into com-
petition Wiethe labor and enterprise of the whole
world. Sir, a home in the center of this vast
continent would be little desired and would pos-
sess few attractions if there were no natural in-
lets or outlets to it. Few would be found to make
it an abiding, place. Our admiration and our
patriotism should ever be deeply awakened when,
we contemplate the great extent .and wonderful
resources of our cquntry. And where nature has
not accomplished all that we desire, but has left
something for man to do in removing obstruc-
tions,' or erecting safeguards, instead of gruoVging
the means necessary, it is the part of wisdom and
patriotism to grant them liberally. Appropria-
tions have been made by the General Government
lo temove obstructions in these rivers, and with-
out the removal of those obstructions no business
could have been safely done upon them. Will it
be contended that these appropriations are local?
for mere local objects? that they are not of gen-
eral interest?                                                        '
Sir, these rivers are the highways for the com-
merce of Slates, of numerous.State¿, of half the
Slates in the Union; and there is no State ill the
Union that is not deeply interested in them. Ask
Massachusetts whence comes1 the pork for the
supply of her people engaged ijt.mamjifactMringj
and she will answer, much of it fronatCiocHinati,
by the way of ihe Ohio, the Mississippi, and the
ocean; and the cotton to.feed her million spindles
qomes from Aikansas, Mississippi, and Louis-
iana. And Massachusetts pays the debt thus in-
curred by returning from her manufactories the
fabrics necessary for the comfort of their people.
The objects of those appropriations are not local,
they aie general. Suppose, sir, some snag, or
:^awyei, oi other obstruction, is required to be le-
nioved from that part of the Mississippi river
which washes the shore of the State of Missis-
sippi: %vhich State shall perform the service?
Shall Mississippi do it? She may say no; Ken-
tucky, Missouri, Ohio, or even Pennsylvania, is
as much, and perhaps more, interested in it than
Mississippi, Say to Kentucky, " you. must do
it," and the answer would be, "no; Kentucky
will, not expend her means for making an.im-
piovemerjt in which a dozen other, States have as
direct «nd deep an interest;" and thus the snag
or sawyer will remain, endangering the whole
navigation of the river,and putting at hazard the
lives of thousands of our citizens. It is possi-
ble, indeed probable, that Mississippi, or some
private company under her authority, would con-
sent to undertake the business of keeping the
river clear and free from obstructions along her
border, if you will permit them to levy a duty
upon all the commerce and all the passengers that
use the river; but this would notforatnoment be
endured. The navigation of, the river is free, and
so it must forever remain.
No, sir; these are great national works, of na-
tional interest, of general concern; they affect large
portions of the people of' the United States di-
rectly; and all of.them, in agreater or less degree;
they must be under the direction and control of
one head; of a single power, a common power;
that power which regulates trade with foreign
nations, and among the several States.
But, sir, I will return to the lakes; and I must
be indulged in reading etill further from the re-
forts in relation to these harbor improvements,
fear that the Committee of Ways and Means
have not read them. They are full upon the ques-
tions lam now considering, and their importance
is urged in a -manner more forcible than Í can
employ.    ,--                                                     .
The proposition which 1 have laid down is, that
it is the duty of the General Government to pro-
tect the commerce upon these lakes; and I have
already remarked that .there, .can be Kttle or rio
■eotmneree o  ,tb¿gSjSts?K«tej^.wij.ho^t 4j¿a£sa,Hojj
