1839.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
2otii Cong....3d Sess.
Interference in Elections—Mr. Preston.
Senate.
if a retrenchment of some million and a half will
do, why notdivide it among the appropriations of
some thirty millions? There was nothing of this
cry last year, when the bill was passed increas-
ing your standing Army from six to twelve thou-
sand. Sir, Í opposed that but,and voted against
it. 1 understood that it would occasion a per-
manent charge of three or four million dollars
upon the people; I believed such an increase of
the standing Army unnecessary. I was willing
to vote for a small increase; but to double the
standing Army at once, and create some hundred
and fifty new officers in the Army, was, in my
opinion, an act of injustice to the militia, and an
unnecessary expenditure of the people's money.
Yet this measure is palliated and justified in this
report on the ground that our frontiers are very
much enlarged, and we require more troops to
defend them. Why, sir, how is this in point of
fact? Have we really any more frontier which
requires troops to guard than we had ten years
ago?    I had supposed not.
What, sir, was our main object in removing
all the Indians west of the Mississippi ? Was it
not to concentrate them upon a single frontier,
and thus shorten the Une which it would be ne-
cessary to defend? Certainly it was. No, sir,
though the area of the occupied part of the Uni-
ted States is very much enlarged, our frontier,
which requires defending, is not enlarged. All
you now need, in ordinary times, is sufficient
troops to take care of your fortifications and the
public property in them, and to defend the west-
ern frontier. Yourpolicy has been to concentrate
the Indians there upon the borders of Arkansas
and Missouri, against the wishes of the people;
and God foibid that any vote of mine should de-
prive them of protection. I will, as I have done,
vote for their military roads, their forts, and for
a sufficient force for their protection; but, sir, you
do not want a standing army on that frontier of
eight or ten thousand men. You want a sufficient
force to man your fortifications and suppress the
suddrfh incursion of the savage, and to form a
nucleus about which, in the day of danger, the
bold and hardy hunters of Arkansas may rally.
It is a slander upon the people of the West to
say that they require a standing army of ten thou-
sand to protect them. It is an insult to the militia
to say that they cannot be relied on to defend their
firesides and their homes.
Mr. Speaker, I dislike listening to the denun-
ciations which are poured out against measures
which I deem so important to the prosperity and
welfare of the country; and that the friends of
these measures should be chaiged with plunging
their hands into the public Treasury, and taking
therefrom, unconstitutionally and unjustly, these
appropriations. I claim, sir, that the people I
represent are actuated by motives as patriotic and
by views as enlarged and liberal as any people in
this Union; and I should be recreant to duty, to
the impulses of my nature, were I to suffer these
unjust charges to pass unrepelled. I.place these
improvements upon national grounds, upon high
considerations of State duty and State policy. I
only demand and insist that this Government
shall discharge the duty imposed upon it in the
Constitution, of defending the country, and pro-
tecting its internal commerce as well as its ex-
ternal.
Every consideration of patriotism demands that
you put in a proper state of defense your frontiers
upon the lakes; upon them the future battles of
the country are to be fought, and, I repeat, we
must there be supreme.
We indulge with peculiar satisfaction in the
remi niscences of the past, and the mention of Erie
awakens within us emotions of patriotism. One
of the most glorious achievements of the late war
was upon her proud waves. There the gallant
Perry, with his little fleet, encountered the power
of G-.-eat Britain, and obtained one of the most
splendid victories ever recorded in histoiy. Your
flag was triumphant. The power of Great JJ'itain
on the lakes was broken. This was at the darkest
period of the stiuggle; the whole nation was
looking on with the deepest anxiety, and as the
news of the victory flew, all were amazed. Vic-
tory succeeded victory on the land. Had the
enemy acquired the ascendency on the lake, no
one can say how long the war would have been
procrastinated, or the calamities which would
have been inflicted on that frontier. If, in any
future war, we shall loose our ascendency upon
these inland seas, the heroes who fought and tri-
umphed on Champlain and Erie would rise from
their graves and rebuke us for degeneracy. But,
sir, give us harbors, encourage and protect our
commerce,and the day is gone by when England's
power on the lakes is to be feared. Ourcommerce
on the lakes is a school for sailors. While you
make appropriations on the Atlantic for schools
for the education of boys for your Navy, ourcom-
merce on the lakes is making sailors of lads who
may hereafter man your fleets. Abandon these
harbors, and let them go to decay, and you aban-
don everything on the lakes. You surrender all
up; but I will not believe that this course, so sui-
cidal to the best interests of the country, so dis-
graceful to it, will be adopted.
Sir, complaints are sometimes made here that
in these appropriations injustice is done to certain
sections of country, by not fairly distributing
what some choose to call the bounties of the Gov-
ernment. Such suggestions are rare, and I have
always looked upon them as unpatriotic. I had
supposed that these appropriations were for na-
tional purposes, or objects of general not local
interest—for the defenses of the country. Well,
sir. judge of my surprise, then, on finding in this
report of the Committee of Ways and Means,
this sentence:
" Should we continue to increase them, appropriations
for national defense will lieeoine of secondary importance,
and will tie reduced, io ineiea&e the expenditures of our
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS."
How, sir, is this language to be understood?
Is it intended as an invitation to gentlemen here
to begin a set ainblc for the public money ? Or is
H intended to intimate that the Representatives
of the people hero, on this floor, will cease to be
influenced by high and patriotic considerations,
and become the mete suitors for the shaie of their
" congressional districts'1" What a suggestion!
It will not take, sir. There is too much patriot-
ism here, yet. You cannot gehKentucky to listen
to such suggestions; she will not stop to inquire
how much more Ohio or New York gets than
she. All she de&iies to know is, that the appro-
priation is for great national purposes, for the
general ínteres'; that its fruits will inure to the
benefit of the United States as a whole. Why,
sir, what does Kentucky want of defenses of
fortifications? Her fortifications, her bulwarks,
are the surrounding States; no foreign foe can
tread upon her soil till one of the great States of
this Union shall have been conquered. The battle,
for the defense of Kentucky even, is to be upon
the borders, and there you want your defenses.
INTERFERENCE IN ELECTIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. C. PRESTON,
OF  SOUTH  CAROLINA,
In" the Senate, February 15, 1839.
The Senate having again taken up the bill to
prevent the interference of certain Federal officers
in elections, and Mr Crittenden having offered
a substitute for the whole bill, which differed from
it in making the penalty dismission from office,
and in exempting postmasters with a salary of
less than $900 from the operation of the bill—
Mr. PRESTON said: The attention of Sen-
ators, Mr. President, having been somewhat di-
vided and confused in consequence of the mul-
tifarious and important topics which have been
introduced into discussion, I will briefly make
a statement of the case before us, as it has been
presented, and as it is now understood, that the
various points at issue may again be made for the
purpose of giving the discussion a definite and
distinct direction on the subject really before us.
The Senator from Kentucky, on his own re-
sponsibility, and as he had a right to do, has
presented for the consideration of tins body a bill;
that bill, in the ordinary course, was referred to
acomnnttee,andonthat the committee have made
a report. Now, to understand the points at issue
between that gentleman and the committee, and
to ascertain the justness and precision of the pro-
ceedings on the question by the committee them-
selves, it is necessary to ascertain both what was
submitted to them and what they have reported.
The bill introduced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky was a bill to prevent the interference of
certain Federal officers in elections; and there is
a statement in its preamble, that its purpose and
object is to the end that the great powers of the
Executive should not be used in interference with
elections, which ought to be free and incorrupt;
and it was therefore to be enacted by the bill that
certain Federal officers therein enumerated should
not, in any manner whatsoever, endeavor to per-
suade or dissuade any elector in relation to the
vote which he should give, nor should said offi-
cers intermeddle many of the elections, or use
any means with intent to influence or control
them. This is the purportof the bill of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, and it was the bill alone that
was referred to the committee, thus placing out
of their proper sphere all reference to any subject
beyond it, or which did not bear on the merits of
the bill.
There were, therefore, two points to which the
committee might legitimately direct their atten-
tion; the first of which related to the general prin-
ciples of the bill, and the second to the details ac-
cording to which the mover proposed to carry out
those principles; and to these two points their re-
port was, by the nature of the reference, neces-
sarily confined; and it is entirely competent in
the committee to approve the principles and reject
the details, or the reverse, or to reject them both;
or, if they approved the principles, and weie not
satisfied with the details, it was necessary for
them so to fashion the details as to give to the
principles their due practical efficiency • These
two objects are the main design of such a refer-
ence; and, in the present ease, the committee have
decided against both the details and the principle.
And now, sir, I ask, in the first place, have the
committee decided wisely against the principle of
the bill? What is it? It is to prevent the inter-
ference of certain Federal officers in elections—
that is the principle; and the object of the bill is
to provide the means for preserving the purity
and freedom of elections, which ought to be free
and incorrupt. Against both these propositions
the committee have reported. They denounce
both the principle and the policy of the bill, and
advise the very opposite of it distinctly and em-
phatically; and, therefore, if they had framed an
antagonist bill to this, it would have been a bill
to enforce and encourage the interference of Fed-
eral officers m the elections, to the end that they
may be used to influence the elections, which
ought to be free and incorrupt. At all events,
we have negatived these two propositions, (tho
principle and policy of the bill,) deliberately and
in terms, and we have, at least, declared that we
will not assert that these officers ought not to in-
terfere in elections, and that we will not assert
that, by the Executive, their offices and exertions
should not be used for electioneering purposes.
Now this, Mr. President, in ordinary times and
circumstances, would have shocked the public
mind so much, that the Senate would have im-
mediately revolted at the mere suggestion of prop-
ositions so monstrous. And yet this statement
not only shows this fact, that the Senate have
negatived the principle and policy of the bill, but
I am prepared to demonstrate that the converse
of these propositions is now argued and main-
tained, which is, that it is the bounden duty of
the executive officers to interfere in elections, and
that any restriction upon them is unconstitu-
tional, proscriptive, horrible, monstrous, and de-
serving the severest possible castigation by the
committee. And now, Mr. President, on what
times have we fallen, and what state of things
has been produced, when, instead of the usual
and uniform direction of argument and declama-
tion against these practices, all at once there is an
open and bold avowal that ihovarp not to be con-
trolled, but they are * in j : .':d,and justified, and
stimulated by official rhetoric? Heretofore we
could not find an argument in relation to them in
which they were not regarded and treated as fit
subjects of denunciation. Will gentlemen of the
committee deny this ? They have declared there
has been no such mischief, and that, even if the
practice existed, it would not be a mischief, and
that it is not only justifiable, but desirable and
