1839-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-ms
25th Cong....3d Sess.
Party Politics—Mr. Pope.
Ho. or Reps.
the fishmgrights and privileges of the Americans
on our noitheastern coasts and seas. The Rut-
ish commissioners contended that, according to
the law of nations, the tieaty of 1783, by which
oui fishing rights and privileges weie acknowl-
edged and secuied, was abrogated by the war of
1812. My fuend from Massachusetts [Mr. Ad-
ams] admitted the geneial mle settled by the law
of nations in regaid to ordinary tteaties, but in-
sisted that, as these fishing lights and pnvileges
existed and were enjoyed befoie the peace of
1783, they were not abrogated by the war, that
it was not a debatable question , and be ultimately
silenced the Bntish pretensions in lelation to the
fisheries.
Ten years ago I read a letter of that gentleman
[Mr. Adams] on this question; and have reviewed
ita second time during the presentsession,among
the most able and eloquent productions of his oi
any other pen. Mr. Chairman, (continued Mr.
P.,) before that gentleman piesents any more pe-
titions for the abolition of slaveiy, I beseech him
to leview that lettei, and see if his argument will
not beai with gieat force on the slavery question,
because slavery existed not only before our Con-
stitution was formed, but before the peace of 1783
oi the Alucies of Confederation. If oui fishing
rights and privileges were not abrogated by wai,
and weie not debatable, because they existed
and were enjoyed before the Revolution, upon
what ground can our northern brethien claim the
ught to petition, or in any way distuib,the insti-
tution of slavery ' Sir, I must deny that slavery
is a grievance of which the people oí thefiee States
have any right to complain by petition, or to ask
the interfeieiice of Congress. The President has
called on us for severe laws and a million dolíais
to prevent our people from interfeiirig in the af-
fairs of Canada, when it is known that Upper
Canada is a place of íefuge for oui fugitive slaves,
and when they get theie, neither the people nor
the Butish authorities will have themsuriendered
to then owneis Mr. P. said that he did not think
the British Government, in relation to Upper Can-
ada, had much claim on us to use extraordinary
means to protect it fiom the mterfeience of our
citizens. He was willing to do what our charac-
ter as a nation, and our amicable relations with
that Power, demanded, to maintain neutrality,
but it seemed to him that the slave States of this
Union had as high claims to the piotectmg au-
thouty of the Piesident and Congress against the
abolition schemes of the Noith. If the slave and
fiee States weie sepaiate communities, combina-
tions, if peimitted in thefiee States to disturb the
slave institutions of the South, would be deemed ¡
jjst cause of war and now that they aie united
by poluical compact, one leading object of which
was to pieserve oui internal peice and tranquillity,
ought not the Piesident, in his message which
expressed so much sohc.tude about Caiada, to
have called on Congress, if not the free States, to
cxeit then whole constitutional power to suppiess
all combinations against onr internal peace, ard,
if necessary, to have placed a foice on Mison and
Dixon's hue, to enfoice neutraiily in relation to
oui slave pioperty'
Mi   P , with some pleasantly, lemaiked, thi
if he could be asscued that hi  would be iee.li cted
next August to this House without opposition,
he belitved he would make a torn  thioug'i the
northern end eastern States, and delivei h ctures
to them on this veiy intciesnng subject, and ex
hort them to pause botore they cut asundci  the
ties of inteiest, amity, and blood, by which tins
great and using nation was united, and lie would
more especially appeal to the Indies, who, by ait
ful addiessea to then finer sympathies, had been
induced to take a warm and active part m behalf
of the slaves of the South
At this moment Mi. Pope was airested in his
lemarks in relation to abolition, as he had been
once before, b,y a call to older, on thegiound that
he was deputing fiom the mattci undei deba'e,
and that the question of abolition was not a de-
batable subject
Mr P disuowcd any m'ention todiscuss the
question of abolí ion, and had only designed to
presi nl to the committee, in a concise ma inn , hi*
■view of this ugl t of petition He, howevei, i'-
qmesced in the decision of the Chan, and, with
leave of the committee, proceeded m the discus-
sion of topics admitted to be within the scope of
the debate *
Mi. P. assuied the committee that nothing but
a strong solicitude to present this nghtof petition
in its ti ue aspect could have prompted him to this
departure from the usual couise of debate. He
would now call the attention of the committee to
those principles and measures of this Adminis-
tration in issue between the two contending pai-
ties, heie and in the nation. My colleague, and
other friends of the Admimstiation, not content
with defending their measures and principles,
have, to make out their case, gone back foryeais
to assail tile measuics and opinions of othel men,
and especially those supposed to be candidates
for the next Presidency. All this seems to me to
be ínelevant. We are not here, or ought not to
be, engaged in making oi unmaking Presidents.
We aie hqre discussing the punciples and meas-
ures of public concern. The conduct of the Ad-
ministration, and their pimuplts, aie airaigned
at the bar of the public. Is it a fan oi legitimate
defense to say that other men have done wiong,
and been in favorof bad measuics? Couldajudge,
impeached at the bar of this House, scieen him-
self by telling us that other men had done wiong,
and that,if he was removed, another as bad would
be appointed in his place' Would it do for a
Repiesentative on this flooi, when censuied by
his constituents, to tell them that they must select
him, because, although he had acted badly, and
had abused the trust icposed m bun, another
would do as bad, ot wor&e ' that those who weie
opposed to him, and found fault with ins conduct,
were not Demociats, but iag-barons, anstociats,
&c ' Would this be a fan and honoi able defense'
* If pcimitted to examine the right of petition to the t\
tent contended lor, Mr Pope would have insisted on Un
impregnable gtound .i sumed bi Mr  Adws ni íei moil to
the fisheiies, and ultimately assented to by Gi eat liiitun,
that the lights and privilege  winch exisltd and were en
joyed befoie the inundation of this Conlederac),and íecog
niied by the ai ticles or compacts of union, did not ulnnt of
debate or controversy, ind weie not gricvinces coming
within the scope, right, or intent of petition in its hro idest I
sense     Ihe light or peulitm fur rediess uf giiovauces im   s
plies the existence ot a gnevinee of which the petitioners .
have a right to complain, and a pow ei m the body to which
it is addressed to afford the relief called for, arid I might
contend with foice and plausibility that the subject and ob   ,
jeet of the petition ought to be consistent with the peace
and safety of the nation   Mr I' could never admit that any
set of men Ii id the unconditional, umtstncted right, under |
color of the nghtof petition, to e ist firebr tndsinto this Hall
tending to sap the loundition of our social hirmonyatid |
politic d union    Ii is monstrous to contend that the tune of [
thi" House mu t be waited, and our dchbciatiotis disturbed
bysuclivain if not wicked efforts    The Kcpiesentatives of I
the people must on this a-, on all other subject  ofpililion, I
exctcisc tlieirsouud discretion under the high responsibility
winch ihev owe to their countiy and constituei is     H the
fie an I slive Stales were sopar Ue communities, could the
tice Sta'os, consistent with tin principle   ol lnlcrnitioml
I iw, pe irnt societies and combin mons to be oigflnizcd
within then limits ton tciinptthc peace and piopeityol
their nei 'bbor  >    Would it not be cause ot wai '    Mi  P
I would tflicrould acidic •. the single ladies ol Ivcw Eng
I ind   ende av or to give t u ir im r ii clings and fwmpalhies
an nhir diiection   He w mid hold i vi rv dtfli tent I ingu ige
I to tin in iioni tb it winch they so o leu licarfiom puritanic il
¡cc uieis, w    i i i]it il lu thru sMiipuhi s ind then p ickils
in b hi!i)''lii   uní? intv stiflntii^s of t tesoutiirtn si ,Vt
\It  P would *i 11 tin in lint In Ii id lived m the I ir H est,
I tint thus   n tule legions  mounded Willi aenvc, entcipns
I mg   nt d  prion ins  } mng uieti , that iftui^ laihc   weie
I i-Tücr si   tr        , nh( wou'd wt hsn ccitli "i d 7cil ixltirt
I tl.i lidie- o  the Li t J) muí a dial i n 10 the idle tali sand
ppeals of th    lit ul   l_ri tits of thi  Aliolitinni ts, mil ti'c
I up I'ten inuc'i t) tin Wo t     Jhcv would soon  do doubt
¡ get goi I lu bun's in those   lew legions   mil will lemlei
i rum   es    nil s nice to this „n it and using Ui public in |
lai in' up„o d D in tillslo ft  it tl" Inline bulb s for lib
itty utd t i r (oiinirv   than in si tiding pittttons hen  to
wound th   fiel  ijs 11 th   i soml crn nn rids and brefhrm
Mr P rig   t id t at tu  ru   s i siilnishi d ai we pi sent
~c   11 i pr cluatn htm f o i ptesfiimu Ins views moic in
externo o t tuts subj ctol   bolmon    NcgiO'Uven wtiflher
right or wrong, win ti 11 ¡or good or for < v.l  I   d been so
long mcoi poralcd into uui sv sietn, th u it i Hist be If ft to the
opei ilion oi  causes 1 iddcn liot t 1 iiinan ken, and to the
in> n nous pi ins o a wisi Piovtdi nee—lotto be seen cvui
t'in u -h a "lass (] lrl h     Li t < v< ry citizen of this Ri public
remciub. r°« i-li deep concern, th it t ih is a most <1. Iieate
and dtii e oils topic, and c inn )t be toucl cd v tiliout haz ird
to oui pciec mil uu on, ptosp invalid happines,     ilr  1
w mid have dceln d Ii - ill   f I"'   ■' °  or  "„'' ' ,,ts" "
tionotllicg ntliinati (torn MwIIimp line  [Mr  ATHcr
tos 1 beciuschvimplii ilion ifeemidloco icede t ic ngl t
to pit ei,t ibolntoi petinoits in tiadolrclusmgioieceive
tlicin     Itt   the duty o. tbuhoue  \.r 1>  w ml.  1) ii    m
s, lid to  flllbi   \t iliinm tsina I iidultoiie that IHir
p. tinotis would ard con I not ¡>e nceiud, becaus  >hev
Iisned - i intern ii nei ol ih.s Goven niciit lor pmposes and
olincts incompatibli with oui peace and saletj, and the
legitmrte objects ot the Constituuoa.
Would a people of common sense, with ordinary
concern about the administration of publicaiFairs,
listen to a defense of this sort' Certainly not.
The couise of argument pursued by these gentle-
men would prove too much, it would pi ove that
this Administration and themselves ought to be
perpetuated in power, whether they did right-or
wrong.
Now, the true question is, are the principles
and measuies ot this Admimstiation right' have
the public affairs been fanly and honestly admin-
ísteied ' and is it not necessaiy that ihe Adnnn-
ístiation should ue changed, to correct and icfoim
those abuses, blundeis, and the derangement of
oui cuneney and othei branches of the public
seivice, which have occurred under th's Admin-
istration' When gentlemen tahc of aristocrats,
bankites,&c, I really do not understand them m
lefeience to the people of the disttict I represent.
In the fivecpunuescomniising that district, theie
is, no bsnk, ot bianch of any bank, nor do I
know that there is ^10,000 of bank stock he'd in
the diotuct Theie arc no \eiy weal hy men
theie, and, but few so pool as not to have the
reasonable comfons oí life Tlicy are fdirrera
generally, with a poi'ion engaged in other pur-
suits. They constitute the incUistuous middle
class of society, which, in all qountnes, is the
most vutuous, !i sf-jiy, and independent c'ars—
the salt of the eaitli We have no public officeis
among us, except postmislers witn smsli in-
comes. No public money is expended theie
We pay oui full propoitioti oí the icvenue, moje
than South Carol i ni, ai d i.wip, in prO[)orlion to
oui population, than anv "t the southern States
eist of the Aheghany The people do not com-
plain of all this, if no moic it, diawn from them
than is necessaiy, and fauly expended They
ask nothing fiom thi  Govcmmentbutgood laws,
good money, and that their money may not be
stolen ot plundeied by unfit and unfaithful offi-
cers and agxnts.
Mr. Chanman, I am not a meie paitisan here,
nor do I indulge any unkind feelings tqwaids the
President, oi those in power, oi those who sup-
poit the Admimstiation 1 do not predicate my
couise here on the ground that gentlemen of Either
paity are enemies to ouriepubhcan institutions
or their countiy. I should be veiy unwtlhng to
indulge any such unchaiitabJe opinion of those
who may happen to diflfei fiom me in my polit-
ical views. We know that the best republicans
become spoiled and conupted by too long enjoy-
ment of power Thty too often feel power and
foiget ught, and become aliens in some degree fo
that íepublican spun and feeling which ammeted
them before they came into power. We know,
too, that adveisity in both pnva'e and public life
is the school of vinue, and tends to punfy those
who have been too much exalted by prosperity or
long continuance in authonty. It is well known
that in England the Wings, aftei long contending
with zeal and sincere patuotism for the power and
puv ¡leges of Pat'iamont and the people, against
the juciogitives and usuipations of the Crown,
have often, nftei ousting a Tory Mm'stiy, and
getting into powei, turned Tones in pmicipleanJ
piacticc, and the Tones, stnpptd of power, and
identified with the populai paity, have, in t.me,
in their tuin become Whigs. Such is human
natuie, and such the couise of human affairs, and
occasional changes of tl e high executive officers
of the Go.unment may be justly deemed the
gieatconseivativepiineiple ofheedom I believe
that a change of th s Admimstiation is essential
to the healthy action of the body-politic, and ne-
cessaiy to le&toie the constitutional balance of the
.Government I am willing to sec the Whigs
come into powei, after being so long out, they
will, piobably, admimstei the Government well
foi awhile I have no cor fidencein their extiaoi-
dmaiy punty oi infi'libihty, noi do I know that
I shall be oí c of then paity if they get in I shall
pve no ] ledges To me it lo mattet of no mdi
vidual coi ctin who is in or oat Í act, and sha'l
I continue to act, undei th" influence of pubhc
consideiitions and public dity Some matena!
I cioi!, will, I expect, be conected, and abuses
. lefo med                                                                 ,
Mr Chanman,! csnpot approve the principles
and measuies of this Admnn&tiafon, so Uu as
i they have been developed since I took mj fceat in
