338
A-PPÉÑftll 'fÚ r£lM~ÓONÚBÉ,S$WÑAh; 4£oBÉ.
[January 7,
25th CmG....3v Sess.
Public Hands—Mrs Smith.í
Senate.'
result ■? Look at the case as it is now presented
by the same Senator—the specie circular rescind-
en; and* yet, instead of the public lands faffing into
the' hands of the speculators, the Senator now
caffs opon us to' make" (his question a financial
measure, to accelerate the sates ofth,e public
lands.    "        '; '     -
As- the Senator* from Missouri was" not" very-
fortunate in his prediction's as to the effect to be
pfodjticétt 'b^the* repeal of the specie circular, I
may possibly hazard too much when t say to the
Seriate that I shall be agreeably1 disappointed if
this measure shall benefit the Treasury one dollar
in the aggregate amount which will be received
for the public land's' for'the next five years." I
agree with those Senators" who Have" stated that
this sales of the' public lands can never exceed the
qtftsntftyrequired for vrse, either mediately or im-
mediately, unless you make them an object to the
iapitallsrto invest his funds fdr subseqijent spec-
ulation; which all "admit to be destructive of the
best interests of the country, and, not in a few
instances, ruinous to the indivldualsconcerned.
I do not, Mr. President, therefore, maintain this
measure as" á financial measure. I place it upon
other grounds; and if the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury shall réíy olf "any aid from the public lands,
tobe produced by this bill, beyond about three
or'foiir millions per annum for the entire sales, I
think'he will be deceived.
I have said, Mr. President, that I did not sup-
port this bill With the amendments as a financial
measure." I maintain it upon the ground that it
is the duty df this Government to aid in settling
the States as'fast as possible, or at least to throw
no obstacle in the way of their settlement; that
the States have a deep interest in appropriating to
actual' settlers the domain within their limits
They surrendered, with the Articles of the origi-
nal Confederation and the adoption of the new
Constitution, the right to lay imposts on foreign
merchandise for the purpose of raising revenue
with which to carry on the State governments.
Their principal resort isto direct taxation, and the
more there are to contribute, the lighter will be
their burdens. But, sir, it is the policy of nil
good Governments to increase the number of free-
holders aa rapidly as possible, to attach ns many
as possible to the soil, not as the serfs of Rusxia
are attached, as appendages, but attached by in-
terest. Persons so situated are the instruments
of a nation's prosperity in time of peace and her
shield in time of war.
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky has pointed to
the unparalleled prosperity of the new States as
conclusive upon the land question. He argues,
and with great plausibility, that the policy of the
Government has been good, and that the lands
have been, and are, low enough, or why the vast
increase in the population of the new States? He
points specially to the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan. Sir, the picture he draws
of the state of improvement of these States, ho w-
ever vivid, was not too highly colored; indeed,
Mr. President, the half has not been told. Should
a person who had never crossed the mountains
before, at this day pass through those States, he
would scarcely credit his own eyes; instead of
finding a country sparsely populated, with here
and there an opening to break the solitary dull-
ness of extensive forests, as was the case a few
years ago, he would witness a much higher state
of improvement than many of the older sections
of the Union exhibit. I hope to be excused for
speaking of myself, but I see no better way of
illustration. In the year 1820 I settled in Indi-
ana, within five miles of the western boundary
of civilization; the village in which I lived was
crowded with Indians daily, the country west of
the Mississippi was a dense forest, except where
it was broken by the intervention of a prairie, oí-
an inland lake; not a white man was settled moie
than five miles west of me. How stands the case
now? The whole of that large district of coun-
try is laid off into counties; which gave, at the
last election, fiom eight hundred to four thousand
votes to a county; our seat of government for In-
diana, located fifty miles west of me, lias become
a beautiful city, and is rapidly improving; other
cities and towns, in evpry part of the State, have
risen up as if by magic, and present a most beau-
tiful appearance; the log cabin of the pioneer is
giving place to the comfortable dwelling of the
prosperous farmer; the State is rapidly developing
tier resources—works of internal improvement,
canals, railroads, and macadamized turnpikes, are
being constructed, in almost every part of our
State, which will shortly place our agriculturists
of'the* interior almost, if not entirely, upon an
equal footing with those upon the navigable
waters.
By the'late report of the chief engineer of our
State, made to the Legislature now in session, it
appeará that there aré four hundred and ninety
miles' of canals, rail and macadamized roads,
either finished, or in a' rapidly progressive state
of construction, in' the State, which, with those
works yet to be commenced agreeably to the pro-
visions of the internal improvement laws of the
State, will, when completed, give the people every
reasonable facility for the transportation of their
surplus produce,as well as for the importation of
their necessaries from abroad. And here, Mr.
President, it may not be out of place for me to
account for the large sales, within the last few
years, of our refuse lands in Indiana, that so
much has been said about by Senators. I think,
sir, it can be accounted for in but one way. and
that is, that our works of internal improvement
running through,by, and intersecting them, have
made them desirable and really valuable, on ac-
count of their continuity to these works, and not
because of their original intrinsic value, as some
Senators have urged. And, sir, as I said before,
here is the consideration you have received for
the grants you have made to the States to aid us
in tiiose works of internal improvement. Many
of these larids could not have been sold for years
but for the State Works. Sir, such has been the
groat increase of our population in Indiana, that
from one hundred and forty-soven thousand souls
which it contained in 18*20, we shall return, at
the next census, near eight hundred thousand. I
have confined my remarks to my own Stale prin-
cipally, leaving other Senators to speak specially
of the progress of improvement in their respect-
ive States.
But, Mr. President, while I freely admit the
premises of the Senator fiom Kentucky, 1 do not
acknowledge the conclusions hedrawsfiom them.
The prosperity of these States may be traced to
other causes, and, amongst the most piominent,
I would name the fertility of our soil, the enter-
prising character of our citizens, and our inter-
nal policy, but, above all, our free institutions.
The soil of these States, however diversified in
characterand climate,seems to reward labor most
amply everywhere. He who sows will always
leap ihc ieward of his industry there. But, sir,
I attribute much of oUr prosperity to the enter-
prising, industrious, economical character of our
citizens. These States are settled with a class
nf citizens who would make any country pros,
per—men who know how to labor, and are not
afraid of soiling their hands to do ¡t^-none of
your exclusive consumers. Sir, we have but few
drones in the hive, and you know what must be
the result. We must, we do, prosper beyond
alt example. But I said there was another cause
which, above all others, contributed to our great
and unparalleled prosperity. I allude to our free
institutions, or to be more explicit, to the prohib-
ition of slavery by the constitution of our State.
I speak of this not to wound the feelings of
others, but as a fact connected with our rising
greatness.
I do not intend to go into this question at
length; it is too vast for the brevity- of the remarks
I intend to submit; volumes could be spoken
upon it. I do say, however, that it is to our free
institutions that we owe much of our prosperity.
Our population is composed of emigrants, young
and enterprising, from the free States, and of the
very best of the citizens of the* slave States—a
class of men who depend upon their own labor,
and not upon that labor which consumes tire
greater part of its value. Of the flowing tide of
the entire emigration from the East to the West,
lew settle east of the Omo river—the free States
receive them; there they find institutions similar
to those they left behind,and, though in a strange
land, they feel at home so soon as they arrive
amongst us.
Mr. President, as the traveler passes down the
Ohio river, the first thing that will strike his at-
tention is the marked and palpable difference in
the two sides in the value of real estate, the state
of improvement, the appearance of the cities,
towns, and villages. I think it may be safely
asserted^that the lands on the side of the free
States will Wing at least-fifty, per centum more
than on the side of the slave States; and there is
even a greater difference than'that in the state of
improvement and the size' and appearance of the
towns on the margin of the river. I speak of
these things as Acts, that require no embellish-
ment to make them strike the mind with all the '
force consequent upon their truth; but still they
speak a language not to be misunderstood, of the.
great importance we should attach to the frame
of our State governments "in the States to which
the Senator has referred. To the combined causes
which I have named may be attributed the un- '
paralleled increase of the population and wealth
of these States, and not exclusively to the* price
of the land or the paternal care of the General *
Government.
Sir, the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
in a very earnest address, theotherday; attempt- ■
ed to trace the rise in the price of western* pro-
duce to the destruction of the tariff and the price
of cotton in the South; and he even  carried his
arguments so far as to attribute the recent rise of   '
the article of salt in the West to the duty of six '
cents per bushel on the foreign article.    I was ;
surprised, nay, astonished, to hear such argu-
ments from that Senator.   Does the Senator be- .
heve—does he think he can make others believe
—that a duty of six cents could possibly produce •
a rise from seventy-five cents [Mr. Clay, of Ken-
tucky, here said that he had bought his salt in
the forepait of the fall season, at Mays\ille, at
fifty cents a bushel] from fifty cents, then, to two
dollars and fifty cents, the price it bore at the time
the Senator addressed the Senate ?    Tarn told that
it now sells for four dollars per bushel at Cincin-
nati.    Will the Senator still contend that this in-
crease is owing to the six cents duty?    I pre-
sume, Mr. President, the trifling circumstances
of the low and frozen stage of the Ohio river, and
the almost impossibility of conveying-salt from
the.salines to the points wheie it is wanted for
pot-It packing and winter use, have quite as much
to do with the puce as the duty.
But, sir, it is not my intention specially to note
this remarkable argument of that Senator. My
main object was to sa'y that, in my opinion, the
rise of western produce within the last few* years
may fairly he traced toother causes than'those to
which the Senator from Missouri credits it like his
duty on salt. It seems to me he has overlooked
—unintentionally, no doubt—the real cause, in
his great anxiety to strike' a blow at the dying
tariff; although I find he was very willing to keep
up a high duty on the article of lead, produced-
by Missouri, and voted for the high tariff of 1828.
Mr. President, may not the rise in the value of
western produce be attributed to the great increase
of western capital, as well as eastern—bank cap-
ital , if you please—to the increase of our circulat-
ing medium, to the large sums of money drawn
from abroad by tire sale of our stocks, and appro-
priated to our works of internal improvement?
Let me put to the Senator from Missouri this
question: suppose we were to withdraw all the
bank capital from the West,except what we had
before the rise of produce in the West, and
should be placed upon a specie circulation alone,
and should also pay up the amount we owe for
the money loaned by means of the sate of our
stocks abroad; does he'believe, does any one be-
lieve, that the price of the produce in the West
would be even as high as it was in years before .
its rise, produced by the causes which I have
stated? No, sir. We owethe present prices to
the character and quantity, of our circulating me-
dium and to the amount of capital of which we
have the use, combined; and here, sir, I hope 1
shall not be considered as digressing too much to
allttde to a portion of the past history of the times
recently.
It Will berecollecfed that oneof the most form-
idable objections that was urged against the late
Bank of the United States was, that foreigners
held-stock in the institution. " British lQrd$ and
ladies!"   This was supposed to'be injtjriftU;  it> *
