1839-1
APPENDIX TO «£HE GONGHÉSSIÓNAL GLOBE.
Wl
25th Oong....3d Sess.
Abolition Petitions'—Mr. €lay.
SÉÍTATÉ.
slavery in it, it could not be done consistently
with the treaty, without granting to the ancient
inhabitants a reasonable time to remove their
slaves. But further: by the compromise which
took place on the passage of the act for the ad-
mission of Missouri into the Union, in the year
1820, it was agreed and understood that the line
of 36° 30' north latitude should mark the bound-
ary between the free States and the slave States
to be created in the territories of-the United States
ceded by the treaty of Louisiana; those situated
south of it being slave States, and those.north of
it free States. But Florida is south of that line,
and, consequently, according to the spirit of the
understanding which prevailed at the period al-
luded to, should be a slave State. It may be true
that the compromise does not, in terms, embrace
Florida, and that it is not absolutely binding and
obligatory; but all candid and impartial men must
agree that it ought not to be disregarded without
the most weighty considerations, and that nothing
could be more to be deprecated than to open anew
the bleeding wounds which were happily bound
up and healed by that compromise. Florida is
the only remaining Territory to be admitted into
the Union with thi institution of domestic sla-
very, while Wisconsin and Iowa are now nearly
ripe for admission without it.
The next instance in which the exercise of the
power of Congress is solicited is that of prohib-
iting what is denominated by the petitioners of
the slave trade between the States, or, as it is de-
scribed in abolition petitions, the traffic in human
beings between the States. This exercise of the
power of Congress is claimed under that clause
of the Constitution which invests it with author-
ity to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
and among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes. The power to regulate commerce among
the several States, like other powers in the Con-
stitution, has hitherto remained dormant in re-
spect to the interior trade by land between the
States. It was a powergranted, like all the other
powers of the General Government, to secure
peace and harmony among the States. Hitherto
it has not been necessary to exercise it. All the
cases in which, during the progress of time, it
may become expedient to exert the general au-
thority to regulate commerce between the States,
cannot be conceived. We may easily imagine,
however, contingencies which, if they were to
happen might require the interposition of the
common authority. If, for example, the State of
Ohio, were, by law, to prohibit any vessel enter-
ing the port of Cincinnati, from the port of Lou-
isville, in Kentucky, if that case be not already
provided for by the laws which regulate ourcoast-
ing trade, it would be competent to the General
Government to annul the prohibition emanating
from State authority. Or if the State of Kentucky
were to prohibit the introduction, within its Urn-
its, of any articles of trade, the production of the
industry of the inhabitants of the State of Ohio,
the General Government might, by its authority,
supersede the State enactment. -But I deny that
the General Government has any authority what-
ever, from the Constitution, to abolish what is
called the slave trade, or, in other words, to pro-
hibit the removal of slaves from one slave State to.
another slave State.
The grant in the Constitution is of a power of
regulation, and not prohibition. It is conserva-
tive, not destructive. Regulation ex vi termini im-
plies the continued existence or prosecution of
the thing regulated. Prohibition implies total dis-
continuance or annihilation. The regulation in-
tended was designed to facilitate and accommo-
date, not to obstruct and incommode the commerce
to be regulated. Can it be pretended, that under
this power to regulate commerce amongthe States,
Congress has the power to prohibit the transport-
ation of live stock, which, in countless numbers,
are daily passing from the western and interior
Statestothesouthern, southwestern,and Atlantic
States ? The moment the incontestable fact is ad-
mitted, that negro slaves are property, the law of
movable property irresistibly attaches itself to
them, and secures the right of carrying them from
one to another State, where they are recognized
as property, without any iiinderance whatever
from Congress.
But, Mr. President, I will not detain the Sen-
ate longer on the subjects of slavery within the
District and in Florida, and of the right of Con-
gress to prohibit the removal of slaves from one
State to another. These, as I have already inti-
mated, with ultra Abolitionists are but so many
masked batteries, concealing the real and ultimate
point of attack. That point of attack is the in-
stitution Of domestic slavery as it exists in these
States. It is to liberate three million slaves held
in bondage within them. And now, allow me,
sir, to glance at the insurmountable obstacles
which lie in the way of the accomplishment of
this end, and at some of the consequences which
would ensue if it were possible to attain it.
The first impediment is the utter and absolute
want of all power on the part of the General Gov-
ernment to effect the purpose. The Constitution
of the United States creates a limited Govern-
ment, comprising comparatively few powers, and
leaving the residuary mass of political power in
the possession of the several States. It is well
known that the subject of slavery interposed one
of the greatest difficulties in the formation of the
Constitution. It was happily compromised and
adjusted in a spirit of harmony and patriotism.
According to that compromise, no power what-
ever was granted to the General Government in
respect to domestic slavery, but that which re-
lates to taxation and representation, and the power
to restore fugitive slaves to their lawful owners.
All other power in regard to the institution of
slavery was retained exclusively by the States, to
be exercised by them severally, according to their
respective views of their own peculiar interest.
The Constitution of the United States never could
have been formed upon thepiinciple of investing
the General Government with authority to abol-
ish the institution at its pleasure. It never can
be continued for a single day if the exercise of
such a power be assumed or usurped.
But it may be contended by these ultra Aboli-
tionists that their object is not to stimulate the
action of the General Government, but to operate
upon the States themselves in which the institu-
tion of domestic slavery exists. If that be their
object, why are these abolition societiesand move-
ments all confined to the free States? Why are
the slave States wantonly and cruelly assailed?
Why do the Abolition presses teem with publi-
cations tending to excite hatred and animosity on
the part of the inhabitants of the free States against
those of the slaves States? Why is Congress
petitioned? The free States have no more power
or right to interfere with institutions in the slave
States, confided to the exclusive jurisdiction of
those States, than they would have to interfere
with institutions existing in any foreign country.
What would be thought of the formation of soci-
eties in Great Britain, the issue of numerous in-
flammatory publications, and the sending out of
lecturers throughout the kingdom, denouncing
and aiming at the destruction of any of the insti-
tutions of France? Would they be regarded as
proceedings warranted by good neighborhood?
Or what would be thought of the formation of
societies in the slaves States, the issue of violent
and inflammatory tracts, and the deputation of
missionaries, pouring out impassioned denuncia-
tions against institutions under the exclusive con-
trol of the free States? Is their purpose to appeal
to our understandings, and to actuate our human-
ity? And do they expect to accomplish that pur-
pose by holding us up to the scorn, and contempt,
and detestation of the people of the free States and
the whole civilized world? The slavery which
exists amongst us is our affair, not theirs; and
they have no more just concern with it than they
have with slavery as it exists throughout the
world. Why not leave it to us, as the common
Constitution of our country has left it, to be dealt
with, under the guidance of Providence, as best
we may or can ?
The next obstacle in the way of abolition arises
out of the fact of the presence in the slave States
of three million slaves. They are there, dis-
persed throughout the land, part and parcel ofour
population. They were brought into the country
originally under the authority of the parent Gov-
ernment whilst we were colonies; and their im-
portation was continued in spite of all the remon-
strances of our ancestors, if the question were
an original question, whether, there being no
slaves within the country, we should introduce
them, and incorporate them into our society, that
would be a totally differentquestíon. Few¿ifany,
of the citizens of the United States would be found
to favor their introduction. No man in it would
oppose, upon that supposition, their admission
with more determined resolution and conscien-
tious repugnance than I should. But that is not
the question. The slaves are here; no practical
scheme for their removal or separation from us
has been yet devised or proposed; and the true
inquiry is, what is best to be done with them ?
In human affairs we are often constrained, by the
force of circumstances and the actual state of
things, to do what we would not do if that state
of things did not exist. The slaves are here, and
here must remain, in some condition; and, I re-
peat, how are they to be best governed ? What
is best to he done for their happiness and our
own ? In the stave States the alternative is, that
the white man must govern the black, or the black
govern the white. In several of those States the
number of the slaves is greater than that of the
white population. An immediate abolition of sla-
very in them, as these ultraAbolitionists propose,
would be followed by a desperate struggle for
immediate ascendency of the "black race over the
white race, or rather it would bé followed by in-
stantaneous collisions between the two races;
which would break out into a civil war that would
end in the extermination or subjugation of the
one race or the other. In such an alternative,
who can hesitate? Is it not better for both parlies
that the existing state of things should be pre-
served, instead of exposing them to the horrible
strifes and contests which would inevitably attend
an immediate abolition ? This is our true ground
of defense for the continued existence of slavery
in our country. It is that which our revolutionary
ancestors assumed; it is that which, in my opin-
ion, forms our justification in theeyesof all Chris-
tendom.
A third impediment to immediate abolition is
to be found m the immense amount of Capital
which is invested in slave property. The total
number of slaves in the United States, according
to the last enumeration of the population, was a.
little upwards of two millions. Assuming their
increase at a ratio—which it probably is—of five
per cent, per annum, their present number would
be three millions. The average value of slaves
at this time is stated by persons well informed
to be as high as five hundred dollars- each. To
bo certainly within the mark, let us suppose that
it is only four hundred dollars. The total value,
then, by that estimate, of the slave property in
the United States is $1,200,000,000. This prop-
erty is diffused throughout all classes and- condi-
tions of society. It is owned by widows antf
orphans, by the aged and infirm, as well as the
sound and vigorous. It is the subject of mort-
gages, deeds of trust, and family settlements. If
has been made the basis of numerous debts con-
tracted upon its faith, and is the sole reliance, in
many instances, of creditors within and without
the slave States, for the payment of the debts
due to them. And now it is rashly proposed, by
a single fiat of legislation, to annihilate this im-
mense amount of property! To annihilate it
without indemnity and without compensation to
its owners! Does any considerate man believe
it to be possible to effect such an object without
convulsion, revolution, and bloodshed?
1 know that there is a visionary dogma which
holds that negro slaves cannot be the subject of
property. I shall not dwell long with this spec-
ulative abstraction. That is property which the
law declares to be property. Two hundred years
of legislation have sanctioned and sanctified negro
slaves as property. Under all the forms of gov-
ernment which have existed upon this continent
during that long space of time—under the British
Government, under the Colonial Government,
under all the State constitutions and governments,
and under the Federal Government itself—they
have been deliberately and solemnly recognized
as the legitimate subjects-of property. To the
wild speculations of theorists and innovators
stands opposed the fact, that in an uninterrupted
period of two hundred years' duration, under
every form of human legislation, and by all the
departments ofhuman government, African negro
