1838.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSl^NAl, <SL©B£:.
25th Cong.¡..3d Sess.
Préñdmi's- ■Mz&$ttgt—«Mv:- Meff,
140**0* iteftifc.
the ground of a mere technicality, and thereby
depriving án entire State ©f any representation
whatever in this House for several months—I
ask again, has it come to this", that if in that case
this Hall had' been suddenly filled with a heated
and turbulent multitude, menacing violettce and
blood, and calling upon the House to reverse its
decision, the proceedings would be sustained and
justified as a wholesome and proper supervision
of the people? Js this one of the improvements
in government Which our ancestors Were ignorant
of when they framed the Constitution ?
Suppose, sir, that the gentlemen from Missis-
sippi had called their partisans and personal sup-
porters to this Capitol—and no two gentlemen on
this floor could have rallied a band of more de-
voted friends around them—suppose them arrived
in the city, and, in their fury, preoccupying this
Hall, calling upon the House to revise its sen-
tence, and denouncing vengeance against all who
should oppose their wishes: would the friends of
the Administration upon this floor, would the
leadersof the party anywhere, havedeclared such
an irruption into this House a wholesome inter-
position of the- people ? And when 'we had tamely
submitted, reversed our^decisiori, and restored the
rejected members' to their Seats, wduld they have
proclaimed ita triumph of the people? A triumph,
indeed, it might be; but it would have been a tri-
umph over the Constitution; and, however pal-
pably erroneous, however shocking to reason and
common sense, the decision of the House was in
the case alluded to, it may be a subject of just
exultation to the Opposition; and it ought to be a
subject of serious reflection with every honest
man in the whole country that not one of them
would for one moment have tolerated the sugges-
tion that the House ought to be awed into sub-
mission upon that question by the direct interpo-
sition of the people.
In another passage of the message we are as-
sured by the President that,
"To tliis practical operation of our institutions, [which
he had described.] so evident and successful, we owe that,
increased attachment to them which is among the most
cheering exhibitions of popular sentiment."
1 deny, most confidently and emphatically, that
we are authorized to boast of this " increased at-
tachment" to our institutions. On the contrary,
I affirm that, for years, the attachment of the
people to our institutions, and their confidence in
their efficacy and durability, have been weaken-
ing and diminishing, just in proportion as the
principles and practices of the party in power
have been more and more developed and brought
to light. I affirm that, instead of increased at-
tachment, there is manifestly increased distrust;
and thousands of honest and intelligent citizens
throughout the land look with apprehension and ¡
dread to the future—that future which may come
sooner upon us than you or I :iow dream of.
Again, sir, I affirm that, in the entire period since
the organization of the Government, there has
never been so general a relaxation of all the ties
and obligations, legal and political, which bind
society together, as prevails at the present mo-
ment. At no former period has so general a
spirit of opposition to legal restraints or require-
ments manifested itself throughout the country,
when they stand in the way of willful passions
or purposes of any kind. Slight regard for the
Constitution and laws, commencing with the ;
Government itself and its administrators, has ;
gradually diffused itself over society.
There was a period  in British  history which
presented a striking parallel of the times in this
country.    Had I been prepared for this debate,
I might have presented such a picture, drawn from
that  period, as would  have  been recognized at
onceas the prototype of the state of things in
this country at the present moment.    It was just
a century ago that violence and licentiousness
took the place of law and sound public morals in |
Great Britain, and from causes very like those i
which exist in this country at this good time. ¡
Party spirit was excited to the highest state of j
violence, consistent with the existence of Gov-
ernment; and the people, generally, in the pro- ,
gress of the conflict, were alternately excited by j
distrust of the intentions of the Ministry, and a |
contempt for the authority of the Government. .
One man, of singular eoolness and forbearance
in temper; by practicing upon the principle that
the mass of every society is moved by the mere
loves of gain—that there  no honesty in politics
—that every man has his price, contrived to sus-
tain himself in power nearly twenty years, in the
facts of a powerful opposition in both Houses of
Parliament, and in the midst of the loudest clamor
and discontent among the people. It was gener-
ally believed that he had grossly abused the great'
trust which had been confided to him by his-sov-
ereign; that he had distributed and prostituted
the immense patronage of the Crcjwn to the pur-
pose of enriching himself and his personal fa-
vorites. He interfered directly in the election of
members of Parliament, both by his personal
influence and by the application of large sums of
the public moneys; and he filled that body with
placemen and dependants. He practiced so openly
upon the spoils system, that he once declared in
his place, in the House of Commons, that he
would be a pitiful fellow of a minister who would
not remove any man from office who opposed his
measures. In such astate of things, general dis-
trust and discontent banished all-respect and con-
fidence; confusion and disorganization usurped
the place of law and order; and the same causes
must produce the same results here.
The next passage of the message which I am
tempted to notice, is in these words:
" Nearly eight million dollars of Treasury notes arc to be
paúl during the coming year, in addition to the ordinary ap-
propriation* for the support of Government. For both the^e
pur-poses the resources of the Treasury will undoubtedly he
sufficient. IF THE CHARGES UPON IT ARE NOT INCREASED
BEYOND THE ANNUAL ESTIMATES."
Much is said in the succeeding paragraph of
the message of the frauds committed by the public
officers upon the public revenue; and many severe
remedies are suggested to correct this great public
evil. Some remedy is also imperatively demanded
by the public interest for the repeated and sys-
tematic frauds and impositions practiced upon the
public credulity by the highest functionaries of
the Government in their communications to this
House and to the public, professing to contain
their political creed, and to present a candid view
of the condition of the financesand other branches
of the public service. The people are reluctant
to conclude that the very highest and most hon-
ored public officers, and those in whom the nation
has expressed its confidence, would deceive them;
and thus the most shameful official hypocrisy and
delinquency are rewarded with renewed confi-
dence, instead of resentment and indignation. I
was struck with the remark of a very acute and
able membei of this House the other day, upon
the subject of the relative prospects of the Admin-
istration and Opposition. He said the Opposition
would probably not succeed, whatever apparent
advantages they may have in the contest. If the
Opposition, said he, claim any merit as the advo-
cates of economy in the public expenditures, or,
as the champions of the policy of limiting Exec-
utive power and patronage, they will find that the
claim will avail them nothing; for, upon none of
these questions, nor upon any other popular doc
trine of a similar nature, will the Administration
make an issue with them. On the contrary, in
the messages, and the communications from the
Treasury Department, the members of the Ad-
ministration will be found to be as much the
friends of economy, of reform, and as much op-
posed to the increase of Executive power and
patronage, as any member of the Opposition.
Sir, this is very mear the truth, at least. Those
under whose auspices the annual expenditures of
the Government have been increased, within a
term of less than ten years, from thirteen to thirty
million dollars, and Executive patronage in a
corresponding ratio, can point to public documents
emanating from their own hands, in which they
have written with as much apparent earnestness,
and said as many fine things in favor of economy
and every other republican principle and practice,
as any of their opponents. This, sir, I contend,
is a species of fraud which calls for a remedy
Those who have practiced it should be stripped
of the mask under which they have heretofore
deceived the.people.
In the present message we have an earnest ex-
hortation to Congress to confine the appropriations
for the year 1839 within the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury*. 1« the report of the See-
retary himself, there isa similar appeal maide iri
behalf of economy and retrenchment! • The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his last annual report,,
estimates thewppropriations which will be required
for the next yea* (1889) at |2M>65,{)89. What
amount will actually.be iequiredforthe public,
service, we shall see at the close1 of the'session.
But whatever degree of candor «nay characterize
the estimates of the Treasury for the yea  1839y
cannot excuse or atone for the gross deception
practiced by that Department in the annual esti-
mates for the present, year (1838) submitted De-
cember % 1837; and the still more glaring and
shameful attempt to mislead the public, by. the
statement drawn up under the direction of "Mr.
Woodbury, and presented to the Senate orr ttow
29th of June last, (1838.) That statement pur-
ports to show the amount of the aturad! estimates
and the annual expenditures, exclusiveof the pub-
lic debt, with tlie excess of ajtpropriation áb&ve-- tils
estimates, in each year, from 1823 to 1887, inclu-
sive. The statement was drawn up, no doubt,
to answer or parry the arguments of the Opposi-
tion to the Administration, drawn from the fact
that, in 1836, the annual expendí turesof the-Gov-
ernment had risen to thirty m-illion and upwards,
and in 1837 to upwards of thirty-nine million.
Before this statement made ita appearance, the
partisans and apologists of the Administration
affirmed that the expenditures of the Post Office
Department, amounting to sortie four and a half
million, were included in the amounts charged to
those years; but that was found to be a mistake.
But they also said, with more truth, that soma
live million of moneys received under the treaties
of indemnity with France and Naples, and- in
trust for several Indian tribes, were included in
the $39,0110,000 charged to the year 1837, which
would reduce the actual expenditures of the year
1837 to |34,000,000. But, as this still appeared
very large, it was contended that some five or six
million of that amount ought not to be charged to
the extravagance of the Administration, because
that sijm was expended in that year in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities! A pretty story, when it is
well known, to those who have devoted any at-
tention to the subject, that the Administration is
not only justly chargeable with the most unpar-
alleled waste of the public treasure in the late and
existing wars with the Indians, but that those
wars may be fairly traced and charged to the cul-
pable neglect and bad management of the depart-
ment of the Government charged with the direc-
tion and control of Indian affairs.
Another defense was, that the expenditures at-
tending the removal of the Indians from the east
to the west of the Mississippi, amounting to sev-
eral millions annually, ought to be regarded as
extraordinary, and such as would have occurred
under any administration. Whoever will luok
into this subject will be satisfied that the necessary
expenses attending the purchase of Indian lands
and the removal of the Indianshave been increased
more than one hundred per cent, by the imbecil-
ity and faithlessness of the agents employed-in the
various branches of that service. But the charge
which was most successful in blinding the peo-
ple, and confounding the less informed, was that
all the excess of expenditure under the late and
present Administrations, beyond the annual ex-
penditures under Mr. Adams's administration,
was to be ascribed to the extravagant and unprin-
cipled course of the Opposition in Congress. The
Administration, it was said, had always been in
favor of economy; and to prove the assertion
true, the statement of Mr. Woodbury, before
adverted to, was relied upon. The estimate sent
to Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury, it
was said, were always moderate and economical,
and so it would appear from a reference to that
statement. For example, the estimates for the
year 1837, sent in from the Treasury Department
in December, 1836, are ostentatiously displayed
in one column of the statement as amounting to
no more than $22,651,442, while, in another par-
allel column, it appears that Congress appropri-
ated $39,164,745; showing an excess of moneys
voted by Congress above the estimates of the
Treasury for one year, of $17,073,921! It is
manifest that the well-informed only would be
able to detect the fallacy of this argument, or to
