3m
AfUaUDIXí TQ íTHBí G05JGRESSI0NAL íGLUBE,
[December 26,
25ró'Gojí€ti¿í3D Sess.
PréHdmfs .Message~Mr".\BeUl
Hq  .of Rei>s 
expose the hypocrigy of those who" advanced it.
If itbe said that therSecnetary might have been
hwtestly mistaken in makin&aiveattuiate of ap-
propriations for the-year 1837,'grea.tly below the
actual demands of the service^inasmuch as th '
expenses incurred! in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties-, in that year, greatly exceeded the expect -.
tions of'ail parties, still that does not excuse the
attempt to impose upoathe people by exhibiting
the estimates, and contrasting them with the appro-
priations, as an argument in favor of the greater,
economy of the Executive administration; and
still less does it excuse the attempt to keep up the
same delusive appearances in the estimates for
the service of the present.year (1838) submitted
onrtbe6th of December, 1837. In the report then
submitted to Congress, the estimates of appro-
priations for the service of the year 1838, are
stated at $20,523,349 only. Very moderate, in-
deed, and worthy of all praise, in a republican
statesman, considering the actual circumstances
of the country at that lime.. But let us examine
for a moment what those circumstances were.'
There were at that moment between eight and
ten thousand troops employed in the prosecution
of the Florida war, with no certain prospect of
ending the war, at all events before the spring of
the next year; and it afterwards appeared, I be-
lieve, that at the time those estímales were sent
in, the arrears then due in that branch of the
public service, and for which there was no appro-
priation, exceeded #1,000,000; and upwards of
|7,000,000 were afterwards actually appropriated
for the service of 1838, not one cent of which
was included in the estimates of the Treasury!
There were, also, at the period of those esti-
mates, (December, 1837,) five or six Indian trea-
ties already signed under the direction of the
President, involving an expenditure of more than
$3,000,ÜOU; and although they were not then rat-
ified, yet, as their ratification was regarded us n
matter of course, the Secretary of the Treasury
was without apology for failing to notice in some
form the appropriations necessary to carry them
into effect. These treaties were afturwaid,s rati-
fied, and $1,200,000 were actual ly appro pi ÜUod to
bo expended in the year 183a, accoiding to their
stipulations. Rut this is not all. At the time tin-
Treasury estimates wore sent in, the Secretary
could not have been ignorant that the Secretary
of War and the President had united in an earn-
est recommendation to increase the rank and file
of the standing Army to fifteen thousand men,
and to augment considerably every branch of the
military establishment and defenses of the coun-
try; and manyconcurrent circumstances, besides,
indicated that this would be done; yet no notice
whatever was taken by the Secretary in his esti-
mates of the increased charges upon the Treas-
ury on this account. The Army proper was in-
creased so as to number between twelve and four-
teen thousand men, and the other branches of
the military establishment were also augmented,
to meet the expenses of which in the year 1838,
upwards of $700,000 were voted by Congress.
Those (g\v items, that I have referred to merely
from memory, show an aggregate of J9,000,000
demanded for the service of J 838, all, or the greater
part, of which ought to have been, and probably
was, foreseen by the Secretary of the Treasury;
yet no part of it was included in his estimates.
It is by such concealments and artifices as these
that the Administration seeks to uphold a char-
acter for economy and retrenchment, and to throw
upon the Opposition and Congress the charge of
extravagance. I conclude my remarks upon this
part of the message by repeating my opinion that
the publieinterestsdemandtheapplicationofsorne
remedy for this mischief. Some adequate pen-
alty should be imposed to protect the people
against such false pretenses.
I now propose to notice another part of the
message, which, from its connection with the
subject of greatest interest at the present time,
•will be regarded as the most interesting and im-
portant ot the whole.
After adverting to the defalcation of the late
collector of the port of New York, (Mrv Swart-
wout,) and very naturally associating with it the
idea of the necessity of a more " secure and safe
system for the safe-keeping and disbursement of
the public moneys," the President insists " that
the'application of the publie money to private
uses should be made a felmv, and visited with
severe and ignominious punishment." "The
Government, it must be admitted," says the
President^ iji the same paragraph, " has been,
from its commencement, comparatively fortunate
in this respect."      -,
.Here, then, is a fair admission, that until re-
cently but a small portion of the public moneys
has been embezzled by the officers charged with
itseollection; yet the method Of collecting -and
safe-keeping heretofore in use is denounced and
repudiated; a new System is projected and insisted
On; and the further security, is suggested of severe
and ignominious,penalties. The enQrmous.abuses
Successively brought to light under the Adminis-
tration continue to be imputed to any but their
truecause. The system of collection and disburse-
ment is defective; the method of accounts is de-
fective; the laws are defective ! This has been
the ready apology of the late and presentAdmin-
ietrations for all abuses. There were no serious
complaints of abuses or defalcations in the Post
Office Department until the party now in power
undertook, as they said, to bring about a general
reform of the Government; but when a few years
of maladministration had brought about a gen-
oral derangement and the most corrupt practices
in that department, it was immediately proclaimed
that the laws regulating the Department were
eminently defective; the system of accountability
in use, it was said, was a bad one; in fine, that
nothing could retrieve its condition but a new or-
ganization. The same excuses hove repeatedly
been urged in defense of the gross abuses which
have prevailed in the War Department, in the
Departments of Indian Affairs and of the Public
Lands. liad laws and a bad organization are the
only causes of abuse ever admitted by the friends
of power; and the only remedies proposed or ap-
plied are new laws and a new organization. Hut
I now take leave to notify the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Camdhelkng,] that when he
shall introduce Ins bill to provide the remedies
suggested in this message, 1 shall insist that the
rules of this House be smctly enforced, and that
his bill shad take rank in the icar of a bill now
on the Calendar of the House, entitled "A bill to
secure the freedom of elections;" but it might
with more propriety be call " A bill to secuic in
future a skillful and honest administration of pub-
lic affairs;" a bill, sir, which provides the very
best and the only effective remedy in the power
of Congress to adopt, for all the abuses in the
public service. Lest the provisions of this bill
may have been forgotten, I hope the clerk will
be allowed to read it.
[The clerk read the bill, which proposes in the
preamble to declare removals from office upon po-
litical grounds, or for opinion's sake, " a violation
of the freedom of elections, an attack upon the
public liberties, and a high misdemeanor." The
first section provides a penalty of not more than
$1,000, removal from office and perpetual disa-
bility to hold office, against any officer, agent, or
contractor, under the Federal Government, con-
victed of intermeddling in any manner with elec-
tions, State or Federal, except in giving his own
vote. The second section provides a penalty of
$5,000, removal from office, and perpetual disa-
bility, against any officer of the Federal Govern-
ment, having, under the Constitution and laws,
the power to appoint, or nominate and appoint,
any officer or a^ent of the Government, who shall
be convicted of promising or bestowing any office
or agency, upon any agreement on the part of
the appointed to render political or otherservices
in elections or otherwise; and a penalty not ex-
ceeding #1,000, dismissal from office, and perpet-
ual disability, ogainst any subordinate officercon-
victed of receiving office upon such terms. The
President and judges of courts are excepted as to
the penalty of removal fiom office.]
The remedies proposed in this message are ap-
plicable to evils in subordinate offices, which are
but the consequences of greater ones which exist
in higher places. I insist, sir, that when we begin
again to apply remedies, we shall begin higher
up on the calendar; that wo shall begin at the
head of the list. Thereexistsacanker at thecore
which must be eradicated before we can expect
to heal the eruptions on the surface of affairs. All
the remedies devised ,by the Administration are
applicable to others *nd to subordinates only,
while the radical vjce.is in themselves. It is the
spoils principle, it is the, principle; of cprruption
itself, which has been adopted bythe party in
power as the only effective party cement; it is the,
false, corrupt, and corrupting principle upon
which the appointing powerhas been,and contin-
ues to be, exercised under the present prescriptive
dynasty; it is the practice of appointing desperate,
worthless, and unprincipled men to office—men
who, in genera), possess no other merit than their
partisan services and efficiency in elections. This,
then, sir, is the great and fundamental evil. And
now, sir, when most of the offices of greatest trust
in the country are filled by this class of men—by
clamorous and needy favorites—wheruheir abuses
and defalcations llave become so monstrous that
their own patrons are compelled to acknowledge
that nothing but the fear,of the penitentiary can
restrain them, a vain and idle attempt is made to
substitute ignominious pains and penalties for an
honest course of Executive appointment and su-
pervision; and a hope equally idle and delusive is
thrown out to the public that unprincipled public
officers may be made honest men by law. And
who are they who are set to watch—whose duty
it is to watch defaulting receivers and collectors
of the public moneys ? Men themselves who ac-
quired and now hold their stations by the suc-
cessful operation of the same false and corrupt
principle of appointment which placed all those
who are subordinates to them in office. The one
class cannot be supported without the other—all
must be sustained or fall together.
But, Mr. Chairman, this is an old and thread-
bare theme with me. I have employed my time
for yeais m an cifo.it to attract the attention of
the public to this subject in vain. 1 have often
repeated all the arguments which have suggested
themselves upon this subject on this floor, and, Í
am sorry to say, with small effect. I have ever
believed, since I became advised of the extent to
winch the appointing power continued to be
abused, that there could be but one result, under
the gross abuse of the appointing power which
has prevailed of late. I have never doubted that
time would develop an amount of fiaud, pecula-
tion, and corruption, which would amaze and
arouse the people, if the system should not ef-
fectually undermine the public morals, and de-
stroy all sense of national pride and honor before
tneir eyes could be opened. Sir, I may claim to
have penetrated still further into the probable re-
sults of this system. 1 foretold, upon this floor,
that other results besides mere injury to the pub-
lic service, would necessarily, in due course of
time, follow in the train of the spoils system, as
established and acted upon in some of the States
in the Union, as well as at Washington. I pre-
dicted that the time would come when these con-
tests for the spoils, into which all elections would
soon resolve themselves, would be decided by the
sword. We have recently had a very fair illus-
tration of the working of this system at Harris-
burg; and that, sir, is but the beginning—the
first-fruits of the system. We shall see the same
scene exhibited by-and-by upon a larger theate".
When this detestable principle of party aggrega-
tion shall extend itself into all, or nearly all, the
States of the Union, as it promises soon to do,
we shall see our national elections contested and
j settled by the direct intervention of office-holders
■ and office-seekers, backed by their respective par-
| tisans, made furious and desperate by the pros-
! pect of losing their share of the public spoils,
I and resolved to incur every hazard to themselves
and the country m asserting their claims.
But having so often urged the abuse of the ap-
pointing power as the  true cause of the gros«
abuses known to exist in the public service, 1 an.
! unwilling that  the  ground  assumed  shall res
i upon my own assertion, when so many proofs
are at hand to confirm what 1 have said.    In the
report of the committee of the Senate appointed to
investigate the condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment in 1834, (page 8,) it will appear, by the ad-
mission of the head of that Department himself,
(Mr. Barry,) that between the 1st of April, 1829,
i and the 1st of September, 1834, there had been
¡ one thousand three hundred and forty removals
I from office in that Department alone !   The com-
