SG4   _________________JUBBMWI?13asmmXOa&BSB9BmXI£mBe^___________[December M,
%6im:Gmci¡J.3D Sess.                              JE^j^^a3&s^.e-s~iWh MM.                               -       '   B©.*«£ R& ¿
sueeessftrt proseeunoft? and íbeáe appeal* were
often mode after the troops weretin tie field, and
no *&e*native was-left but to-vote the moneys. I
tafee this oeeasion to- remark that it was for voting
for such appropriations as these, and occasion-
ally for large sums stipulated in Indian treaties
«gjUfied by4he Senate, that the Whigs in Con-
gress have bee  changed by tito apologists of the
Administration aa equally to blame with tliem-
(jelvfis fot the large expenditure  incuried under
¿Hese heads v-but witli what justice the public will
decide.
Fourth. The increased cost of Indian treaties
and Indian emigration, in consequence of the un-
necessary multiplication of officers and agents em-
ployed, the incapacity and dishonesty of many
of them,, and the general want of skill«nd fidelity
in the superBitendeney—I estimate the loss under
this head at $5,000,000 at least.
Fifth and last. I will mention the item of
#1,000,000 which the country has been taxed with
to suppress disturbances on the Canada frontier.
Every cent of tins expenditure, I maintain, would
have hecn saved to the nation if the President, in-
stead of temporizing and waiting to see what pub-
lic sentiment would be, and suffering the feeble
proclamations of the Governors of the States to
go forth as a substitute for his own, had, upon
the first indication of disturbances in thatquaiter,
issued such a proclamation as he has only done
within a few weeks past. But, sir, that did not
suit the policy of an electioneering Administra-
tion. It was nazaiding quite too much to take
ground in advaBce of public opinion throughout
the Union, and so the inhabitants on tho bolder,
not being advised of the real intentions of the
Government, many of them became committed,
of course, acooiding to their natural sympathies
and feelings, and the national chaiarter has con-
sequently sutleied with the Treasury. These few
items, selected only because they are the largest
and most obvious, make, in the aggregate, a loss
of upwards of twenty million dollars.
Let us, then, instead of wasting our energies
in the puisuit of small defaulters, direct our in-
quines and point the indignation of the country
against the great official delinquents—against
those who, boing the real aulhois of all the abusus
which exist in the land, still hold their places,
and arrogantly seek to gain credit with the peo-
ple by piopasing remedies foi evils of their own
Creation. This countiy is peculiarly situated in
reference to a weak and unprincipled Adminis-
tration. In England, a bad Ministry can be
brought to the bar of public opinion at once; and
upon the heel of any great official delinquency,
judgment 19 pronounced upon them, and they aie
"hurled from power before time shall have soft-
ened public indignation, or afforded the offend-
ers the opportunity of diverting public attention
to some other subject. Here it is only at stated
times, fixed by the Constitution, that a bad Ad-
ministration can be brought to account, or be re-
moved from their places, and they may go on for
yeais in a constant course of administrative abuse
and imbecility, they may commit the grossest
infractions of the Constitution itself; they may
prostitute the patronage of the Government lo
the vilest and most selfish puiposes, and, after
all, escape the sentence of an injured people.
Ample time is affoided to enable them to court
and flatter when they find they have given of-
fense, to get up some new subject of excitement,
and turn away the stroke of popular wrath be-
fore it is allowed by the Constitution to fall upon
the culprits. I therefore admonish the Opposi-
tion in this House not to be too sanguine of the
result of recent developments, whatever impres-
sion they may make for the present It is yet
two years before the people can decide finally
upon them, and the puny defaulters, whom it is
proposed to puisue and hunt to destruction, will
soon be forgotten. They will, at best, only be-
come the scapegoats of their supenois 111 station.
It is against the principles and practices of the
Executive chief himself that opposition can be
made effective. His by cairymg the war into the
heart of power, and exposing the defects; and coi -
ruptions which exist theie—it is by administering
a coirective to ihe original fountain of evil alone
that we can expect to bring about íeal íeform, and
confer a lusting benefit upon the country.
" The next clause -of tne message which struct
it  as deserving notice is in these words?
'•"But the appoimfrig (lower cannot always be well ad
used 111 its selections, and the experience of every country
luis^shown that public olheera cannot alvvaya be proot
agafust temptation "
This must be regarded as a singular and pre-
cious admission, coming as ttdoesfiom the ap-
pointed successor of General Jackson. What'
the Executive not infallible1 And is it admitted
at last that there are abuses in some branches of
the public service' Tiuly, public officers are not
always pioof against temptation, nor can the
Executive be always well advised in its selec-
tions But how does it happen that the late and
present Administrations have been more unfor-
tunate in this íespect than all those which went
before them' That is the question. How does
it happen that when the Executive has been well
advised—how does it happen that when it has
been advised of former defalcation and delin-
quency, it has formed no objection in making Us
selections, as in the case of Linn, as I understand
that case, and as was certainly the case of a late
distuct attorney in Alabama' 111 does it become
such an Executive to complain that it cannot
always be well advised. Flow has it happened
that the appointees of the late and present Ad-
mimstiations have so generally given way when
exposed to temptation' I answer, because both
the advice and the selections weie based upon
false and corrupt principles and maxims. Pai ti-
san service and party fidelity have been the only
tesis of fitness fot office, and when the Executive
was well advised upon these points, it was all that
was requued.
In the same paiagraph every well-informed
readei will be astonished to find a true constitu-
tional pnnciple connected with such a subject
reeogruzid by such authority, and an exhoita-
tion to Congress to enforce it.
" Congress c umol be too jealous of those who are in-
trusted witli the public money, and I shall at ill times be
disposed to encomia 1 will hful disolmise 01 tins duty "
"It a more direct eooperntion on the part of Congiess in
Ihc supervision ol tile conduct of tliu othecis intrusted with
the custody and applic ition of the pubhe money 1-1 deemed
idvisabli , it will givi me pi  istlie to isMst in the estab
lisliininl of any judluotis md eonstitutionat plnn by which
that object may be aceompliahed "
Who would have believed that we should have
had so decided and unequivocal a recantation of
thedoctnnes applicable to this subject avowed
anil so successfully maintained under the late Ad-
ministration, and that, too, by a man pledged to
walk in the footsteps of the late Executive chief
That Congiess cannot be too jealous of those
who have the custody of the public money, is
frankly admitted; and the President actually tells
us that he will encourage the exercise of that
duty' But he earnestly recommends a direct co-
opetation of Congress in the supervision of the
conduct of public officeis ' This must appear
incredible to those who have been conversant
with the doctrines of the paity in power for sev-
eral years past—but nevertheless it is true Con-
giess is actually invoked to cooperate with the
President in the business of superintending the
conduct of his subordinate officers I This amounts
almost to 1 evolution Still all is not yet told.
The President further submits to our consider-
ation—
" Whether a committee of Congress might not be profit-
ably employed in inspecting, at sueh intervals as might be
deemed piopu the alUirs md recounts of oflicers intrusted
Willi the custody ol the public moneys " * * "They
might report to the Executive such defalcations as were
found to exist, with a view to a prompt removal from office
umess lite dclault was saiist ictunly aeeounted tor "
The great Democratic party must certainly be
confounded by tins last proposition; or is this
message intended to be a new confession of po-
litical faith foi the whole paity' Congiess 13
unequivocally invited to institute investigations
into the conduct of executive officeis, and not
one word is said of the necessity of specifications,
01 of impeachments, as conditions piecedent'
The doctnnes and recommendations of this part
of the message appear to me to be so entirely re-
pugnant in every particulai to the opinions and
sentiments of the latePiesident, that 1 am tempted
to go back to the messages and other sttite papers
emanating from the late Administiatton, and to
trace the contiast, that we may see what the creed
of the dominant party is to be for the future.
From the grant* in general terms, of "the Ex-
ecutive power" to the President, by th« Consti-
tution, and the asergmwent to him, in the same
general teims, of the duty of taking *' cafe that
•the laws be faithfully executed," and the terms
of his oath of office, by which he is required to
" pieseive,pTotcct,and defend the Constitution,"
a degree of power was deduced and arrogated to
the Executive under the late Administration,
which was truly appalling, and would, if sus-
tained by the countiy,inevitably lead to despotic
power. From the giant of the "Executive
power," the late President claimed the exclusive
direction and control of everything in the affairs
of Government in its nature executive and not
legislative. It being made his duty to " take care
that the laws be faithfully executed, and to pie-
serve, protect, and defend the Constitution," it
followed that this duty devolved upon him eacciu-
sively, and that on y in terferenee on the part of Con -
gress, with a view to the same object, was gratu-
itous and unconstitutional,except 111 the discharge
of the duties expressly assigned to it in theCon-
stitution. He also dcuved from the same source
the idea of his exclusive responsibility for the
faithful execution of tho laws, and the preserva-
tion, protection, and defense of the Constitution;
and, building upon this foundation, he claimed,
first, the right, in all case3, to give such const! uc-
tion to the Constitution and laws as he thought
propel, for, it was contended it would be highly
unieasonable and absurd to make any man, or
any depaitment of the Government, responsible
foi the protection and defense of the Constitu-
tion, and the faithful execution of the laws, ac-
cording to the consttuction of any othei depait-
ment or any other tribunal whatevei. Secondly,
he maintained that evei y office! under the Gov-
ernment, except tho judges of the courts, were
only instiumeiits in his hands, created for no
other purpose but to enable him to execute these
solemn constitutional duties. From hence,also,
was deduced the doctrine that the supervision of
the conduct of all public oificeis was the sole light
and duty of the Executive. From hence, also,
the deduction was natural and ea y, that the Pies-
ident ought to be allowed not only to select all
the msttuments to be used by him in the execu-
tion of the laws, and for the preservation of the
Constitution in the mannei piovided in the Con-
stitution, but that he ought to have the further
power, not given in the Constitution, of setting
aside those instruments at his discretion.
If these doctrines and assumptions of Executive
duty and authority do not present a perfect scheme
of despotic power—if they do not amount to a
clear and substantial concentration of all power
in the hands of one man—I have no conception
of what more would be requisite for such a con-
summation If any one of these powers can be
maintained in the extent contended for, then the
late Piesident was well wat ranted in maintaining
that Congress could pass no law, however ingeni-
ously devised—adopt no form 01 mode for the
deposit, safe-keeping, or disbuisement of the
public moneys, which could depuve him of the
actual custody and disposition of them. He had
a perfect right to consider not only the Secretaty
of theTreasuiy.but the Bank of the United States
also, as his mere instrument, contrived, with a
view to enable him to discharge his appiopuate
duty of keeping the public moneys safely, and
paying them out foi the support ot Government,
according to his own construction of his duty and
power in this as in eveiy other branch of Execu-
tive administiation. He had a right to dispense
with either, or both, as he thought proper. Ac-
cording to the same theory of Executive powers
and duties, the attemptof Congress to investigate
the condition of the Executive Departments, r>
into the conduct of public officers, at a late se
sion, was an impertinent intrusion into matte
that concerned others, an attempt, 111 fact, at
usurpation on the part of Congress, the super-
vision of the conduct of public officers being an
act in its nature executive, and the President being
also exclusively responsible for the conduct of all
the departments, and all public officers.
The tremendous power of removal, claimed
without any other responsibility than, that which
attaches 111 making the original appointment,
under the power and duty of seeing that the laws
