i83&.]     _____________appendix- to mm QQM&msissKWMjmxmEi.                                 m
25th Cong..á3d Sess.                             Mxs$hns&rof &omvMen}^Mft>iBii1ñ                               ,-■••• ^. ^'Ji(ffmRn*e.
though reckless partisans of the Administration,
theCommissionersof theNavy Board wereeálled
upon to.state the actual strength and condition of
the'Navy, and what number of vessels could bfei
sent to sea in the ew;nt of immediate war, and;
the reply was, that no more than one frigate and
two smaller vessels were then fit for immediate-
service, nor could any considerable addition be
made to them within the year!' I may now state
that I was informed by a gentleman of^skill and
science in the profession of arms, at the period"
alluded to, that a single French frigate, skillfully
managed, could have burned or laid under con-
tribution any of our 'richest or most populous
Sea-port towns. The gentleman from Michigan
might also have informed us," had his attention
been directed to that part of the public defenses,
that there was scarcely a gun mounted in any
one of the fortifications along our extensive sea-
coast at the period in question; not even upon
those which were intended to protect our naval
stations!
We are now, sir, supposed by many to be upon
the eve of a war with another great nation. I
hope, sir, it will be found, upon inquiry, that our
rulers, profiting by the experience of the defense-
Jess condition in which the country was found at
die period alluded to, have diligently and success-
fully applied themselves to supply the former de-
ficiencies. I hope it will be found that the forts
designed for the protection of the principal towns
upon the Atlantic, and upon which so many mil-
lions of the public treasure have been expended,
have been supplied with some considerable por-
tion of the requisite armament; and that a large
proportion of our ships-of-war may be got ready
for service in a reasonable time; but that this arm
of the national defense will be found to fall far
below the just expectations of the public, the
members of this House are now well advised. I
trust I am not guilty ofany indiscretion in speak-
ing of the dilapidated condition of the public de-
fenses just now. All that I know upon this sub-
ject, and all that I now state respecting it, all the
world may know, and all that are concerned to
know their condition doubtless do know quite as
much as myself. If we are to have a war, Mr.
Speaker—if we ntttsi have a war to maintain the
honor of the country and the integrity of our ter-
ritory, for one, however much I deprecate such
an event at this time, I do not fear the issue of
it. Whatever may be the defenseless condition
of our interior frontier; however unprotected the
most important points upon our Atlantic coast
may be; whatever may be the disordered condi-
tion of our finances; however weak and incom-
petent those public servants may be who are
constitutionally assigned to the chief direction of
publico affairs for the present; and I will add,
whatever disasters may and probably would befall
our arms by sea and by land, during the first
years of the war, yet the spirit and the resources
still abound in the country to surmount all these
adverse circumstances in our condition, and to
bring^ the ¡war to a successful and glorious term-
ination. But this confidence shall not restrain
me, nor should it restrain any portion of the
country, from holding those to a just accounta-
bility who have exposed it to temporary disaster
and defeat.
As to the conduct of the President since the
recent disturbance upon the northeastern bound-
ary, and the general tenor of the message of yes-
terday, I am free to say that I find nothing to
disapprove in them; but I cannot concur with
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Thomp-
son] in the unqualified approval which he gave to
the entire course arid conduct of the Administra-
tion inthe management of this delicate and im-
portant subject. While I approve heartily the
recent course of the President, I can see just
cause of censure in his past conduct. I remem-
ber, sir, when the bill for the increase of the Army
was under consideration near the close of the last
Session of Congress—a bill which I opposed as
ill digested—and when I urged that the public
interest would be promoted by the postponement
of the subject until the present session, it was
strongly urged on the other side, by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] and others from
that section of the country, that the passage of
the WH, at-that time was demanded by the most.
powerful cbnsiderations, growing*-out of the ex-
cited state of the population ón - the northern
frontier, and particularly on the ground of the
circumstance  which ^constantly threatened the
peace of the country on the northeastern bound-
ar.y\ It was earnestly pressed upon the House
that the few regular troops stationed upon that
frontier were ¡altogether insufficient to suppress:
the disorderly, and to prevent the occurrence of
hostile collisions between the inhabitants of  the-
two countries, which might involve us,in, a war
when we least suspected it, and when we might
he wholly- unprepared for it. The very crisis
which was then predicted as the probable conse-
quence of the continued neglect of the Govern-
ment to provide an adequate military force upon
that boundary, is now actually precipitated upon
us by the recent conduct of the Governor of
Maine. I have a strong impression that it was
urged, in debate upon the Army bill, that one of
the new regiments proposed to be raised was in-
tended to be employed on the Maine frontier. I-
am very certain that such an idea prevailed in the
House, and contributed in no small degree to
pass the bill; and I call upon the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Evans] to state in his place if he did
not urge the passage of the Army bill at the last
session on the ground I have just stated?
Mr. EVANS said he did not remember that he
had stated in debate his expectation that a regi-
ment would be added to the small military force
then stationed near the disputed boundary, but
he did take great interest in the passage of the
Army bill upon that ground; and he did so, be-
cause he understood from the Secretary of War
that it was his intention, if that bill passed, to
station a regiment there, in which he (Mr. E.)
had been disappointed.
Mr. BELL. I was not mistaken as to the sub-
stance of what was slated in the debate on the
Army bill; and upon these facts, I submit to this
House, and to the public, whether the Adminis-
tration has any right to claim an exemption from
all censure in the past management of this busi-
ness. The danger is now imminent that we shall
be involved in an immediate war with a nation
which,"of all others, we have the least will and
the greatest power to do us mischief when once
the die shall be cast, and a war shall be actually
kindled up between the two countries; and this
danger is the result of the failure of the Presi-
dent to provide an adequate military force upon
the exposed frontier. This neglect would be
more excusable if thecountry was, in any respect,
Ereoared for war; but when its finances and every
ranch of the public service are in the utmost
disorder, such negligence becomes of serious con-
sequence to the country, and justly merits public
censure. Even now, sir, if the executive branch
of the Government commanded that respect and
obedience which are constitutionally due to its
authorityandinfluence,awarneed not.andwould
not be the consequence of the recent disturbance
on the Maine boundary; but what ground of
confidence can we have that the authority of the
President will be duly exercised, when we reflect
upon the course of the Administration in similar
exigencies for several years past? The same im-
becility, the same absence of the requisite and
ministrative skill and energy which have allowed
the public defenses to lie neglected, the public
finances to be thrown into disorder, and every
branch of the public service to become paralyzed
by abuse, are well calculated to cut off all nope
of a due and vigorous exercise of authority in
the present emergency. This reflection brings
me to the consideration of a point I most desired
to bring to the notice of the House when I rose;
that is, the real source of these evils.
I had intended, Mr. Speaker, to move the com-
mittee to strike from the bill the salary of the
charge d'affaires at Naples, Mr. Throop, and to
make that motion the occasion of expressing
some general views connected with the abuse of
the appointing power. I mean no disrespect or
disparagement to the Court of Naples by making
an example of our representative at that Court.
I had selected him, not as the most prominent
object of attack which the list of our public offi-
cers affords, but as the most proper, under all the
circumstances, for my purpose. If the practice
prevailed here which is often exercised, with
gobd effect,'in the ftotfte oT Common's' of'Great
Britain, aueftlte proceedings of yesterday, [the
messagebri the ¡recentdistdrbaTicesOn tJieMairter
boundary was read and discussed on that day,}
the-first motion made in the House this morning
would have been'for an address to the President
upon the expediency of forming a, Tftore efficient
Administration. Certainly,1n the present crisis,
no motion is called for by so many important
considerations; but> it- seems that ft practice of '
advising the President in the choice of his • >«-<
isters has never been thought safe oí expedient.
The Executive i  .supposed to .have an existence
so separate and ¡independent of this House, tha4
any attempt to control him in the exercise, of his
constitutional powers is thought to be of danger*
ous example. Put is not this # defect in our
practice, or in our system of Government? Ought
there not to be a more direct sympathy and co-
operation between the two departments of the
Government, in order to effect the very objects
of the institution of both? They are necessary
constituents of the same Gpyernmeni—parta of
the same unit. There must be harmony—a gen-
eral correspondence of views in the policy antd
designs of both, or they can never .act with ¿he-
best effect for thecountry. The President must*
for many and most important purpose , be re-:
garded as the head of the Governments he i  in
for four years; we cannot remove him, however
defective in skill and ability, except by impeach-
ment—a mode of redress against a President
which is now never thought of, and might as
well be stricken from the Constitution.
It would then seem to be necessary that we
should resort to some other remedy within our
reach—some substitute for the power of removal,
—some mode, at least, of making known to tho,
President the sentiments of the country and the;
House itself, in a form that could not be,alto-
gether disregarded. Some such mode ofredress,
is imperiously demanded by the circumstances of
the country at this moment. Must we contipue
patiently and quietly to behold the most import-
ant interests of the country sacrificed, the whole
power of the Government falling into contempt
and disuse, at the very moment when its control-
ing authority and influence are most required by
the state of our affairs ? I ask the House to con-
sider how long this state of things shall be al-
lowed to continue before it may become expe-
dient to deny appropriations for the payment of
salaries to-ministers notoriously and grossly de-
ficient in the qualifications essential to the per-
formance of the duties of their stations.- I have
made no motion, nor had I intended to make a,
motion of that nature, with a view to press it to
a decision, because I did not suppose that public
sentiment or the sentiment of this House wa 
ripe for such a proceeding. I selected an inferior
officer as the subject of a motion upon which I
might express these sentiments; and I did not
wish to discriminate between the higher func-
tionaries, though it is well known that many in
that rank might have been selected as fit subjects
of such a motion without any injustice to their
characters.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is evidently, from
some cause, an increasing debility in the Exec-
utive, which embarrasses and paralyzes him in
the exercise of his constitutional duties, if he
possessed the disposition to perform them with
proper energy. There may be, there is such a
thing, both in theory and in fact, as a Govern-
ment possessing all the power and influence re-
quisite to perpetuate itself, and all the abuses en-
gendered by it, for a series of years, and yet in-
capable of performing any one of the great and
beneficent ends of its establishment; a Govern-
ment strong only in upholding itself, and weak
and contemptible when its authority is invoked;
to control those ebullitions of passion and irreg-
ular movements which often mfect whole com-
munities, and which, if not restrained, lead to
disorganization or to revolution. Such a Gov-
ernment will in the end cease to command the'
respect of any portion of the people, and conse-
quently will be quietly dissolved, or give place to
despotic rule. Í do not mean to state that the
powers of the Federal Government ought to be
enlarged, or that any amendment of the Consti-
tution is required to make the Government more
