3?4                                      APPENDIX TO TB£ CONGBÍESKJNAL; 6LQSE.                          [January 16,
^pya Qí>no...>3d Sess.
Fvélic Defaulters~-Mr. Underwood.
Ho.'.of Reps.
keep biro in office from 1836 to 1838, applying
the emoluments of his oiKee to the. discharge of.
the defalcation, and then dismiss him from ser-
vice! And yet^sir, a,ll these things have been
done under the auspices of Andrew Jackson and
Martin Van Buren ! Were they ignorant of Gen-
eral Gratiot's defalcation? Did the Secretary of
War and the accounting officers of the Treasury
keep them in ignorance of the facts during a pe-
riod of more than seven years ? If that be the
excuse, what becomes of that Executive vigilance
so much lauded during Jackson's administration,
and which, it was said, carried him into all the
Departments, inspectingeverythingminutely, and
correcting ail abuses, and which enabled him to
certify to the American people that all was well ?
Sir, it was never anything but a hollow,pretension
circulated to deceive the people. Can you find
cases like this under the administration of Wash-
ington, or the five succeeding Presidenta f We
have been told by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Thomas] that defalcations have happened
under all Administrations, and may be expected
to happen again; that no President can prevent
it. And the gentleman fiom Now York [Mr.
Taylor] has busied himself making calculations
to prove that, if you regard the amount lost by
defalcations, the administration of Jackson will
occupy a very favorable position when compared
with that of any other President. These state-
ments may be all true; but, if they are, what do
they amount to in this discussion? Nothing at
all, except to draw off the minds of the people
from the real issue between the great parties in
this country. The question is not whether de-
faulters can be found under nil Administrations,
and how much money the people have lost by
them undertlic different Admimstialiona. No,sir;
such mutters are artfully suggested to decoy us—
to lead us off from the ground where the game
lurks. The real issue—the only point in con-
troversy—involves the principios uf the present
and late Administrations in relerence to defaulters
and their treatment. Do thoso in power set their
faces against defalcations with a withering stern-
ness and justice calculated to make the guilty
tremble? ordo they coax and soothe and wink
at the defaulter while they set; him pocket the
people's money?   That is the question.
Sir, let gentlemen go  back  to the  days   of
Washington, and find an instance where a man
has been kept in office seven years after ho was
found to he a defaulter upon the settlement of his |
accounts; let a case be found where large sums |
have been advanced lo an ascertained defaulter, (
and no suit brought to recover the public moneys;
and when such a case is brought forward, then 1
will go into eompansons—then 1 will contrast the
purity ol Washington's administration with the
somblance of Jackson's, and not till then.
It is remarkable, and it will so be put down in
history, that the distinguishing characteristic of
Jackson's administration consists in fair prom-
ises, in patriotic professions, by winch the people
were deceived, and which were utterly disre-
garded after they were made. At the commence-
ment of his official career, the doctrine promul-
gated as orthodox led us to believe that every one
who touched the public money, or used it con- !
trary to low, should be severely punished. You j
remember the case of TobtasWatkins. Hewasdis- ;
graced, removed from office, indicted, convicted,
incarcerated, and his family left to shift for them-
selves or starve. How many years he lay in jail I
have forgotten. His offense was, appropriating
to his own use a few thousand dollars of the public
money. Not more than three or four thousand,
if I remember rightly. Here was an example set.
How has the precedent been followed ? What
officer since the days ofWatkins, who has ap-
propriated the public money to his own use, has
been indicted for malversation and swindling?
Who among the numerous defaulting receivers
has been called to the bar of justice, to answer as
a criminal? Wulkins, who only got two or three
thousand, is punished; but those who get fifty or
a hundred thousand go scot-free. Ay, sir, they
not only go unpunished, but they are recom-
mended by Governmentagentsas proper persons
to be continued in office, in consequence of a cer-
tain looseness in public morals, winch renders it
impracticable to find a successor who would not
do the same things and, therefore, we are told it is
better to continue the incumbent.who had already
taken as much public moneys as he could con-
veniently use, than to induct an empty, hungry,
ungorged successor, greedy for more "spoils."
Sir, the letter and recommendation of Mr, Gare-
sché will long be remembered by the American
people.
The conduct of the late and present Adminis-
trations in respect to Watkins, and the host of de-
faulters Who have subsequently disgraced the
country, reminds me of an occurrence in the far
West. 1 will tell the story, but conceal the names
of the parties. Pity shields them from presenta-
tion to public scorn. An old man; who was per-
petually extolling his own virtues and decrying
those of other people, and who was above all
" concealment," according to his repeated avow-
als, was passing, on his way home, after running
down the noblest buck in the forest, by a little
cornfield of a neighbor, remotely situated from
the dwelling-house. His son and his dogs were
along, much fatigued by the recent chase. The
old man discovered in the field a single hog—a
runt—engaged in breaking down the stalks and
eating the corn. He immediately swore " by the
Eternal" that he never could witness such a sight
without feeling the strongest indignation against
the guilty brute, and he instantly ordered his son
to set the dogs on, declaring at the moment that,
if they tore him to pieces, it would be a good
thing, inasmuch as by such means the neighbor-
hood might get clear of abad breed of hogs. The
boy obeyed, and the dogs reluctantly engaged in
the less noble work; and, being the more furious
and savage in consequence of fatigue, mangled
the animal until Ins life was in danger. The
youth, not wholly destitute of compassion even
towaids a hog, at length seized and threw him
over the fence, and called off the dogs. The old
man said it was useless to go round the fence to
stop the holes, as he was certain the lesson would
effectually teach the hog never to enter there
again. So they went on home without repairing
the fence, taking care, however, to pass by the
owner of the field, to let him know how kind and
neighborly they had been in turning the hog out.
Not long afterwards the old man, his son and
the dogs, were going by the same field, and in it,
instead of one, they discovered a large gang of
hogs, of all sizes, variously engaged. ¡Some were
breaking down the stalks and cracking the corn
with voracious appetites; some, apparently sur-
feited, were moping at the heels of those stimu-
lated by hunger; and a goodly number had husks
and fodder in their mouths; some frisking, and
others deliberately marching to the panels of the
fence, there to make themselves pleasant beds
with the "spoils." As the old man saw what
was going on at a distance, he said to his son,
"Now, my boy, our dogs shall have sport."
Indeed, the prospect of a general uproar, some
fighting, and the comminglemont of shouting,
yelping, and squalling, in a neighbor's cornfield,
was a scene by no means disagreeable to the old
man's taste. He therefore mounted the fence
with alacrity, intending to post himself and wit-
ness the feats of his son and the dogs, while " sit-
ting on a rail." But he no sooner straddled the
ruler,* than his aspect suddenly changed. He
turned to his son, climbing up behind him, and
said: " Why these are my hogs!" The boy
gazed in silenee a moment, and then, with an
arch look, replied: "As I live it is true! but I
reckon, though, I must dog them a little." The
old man took a "sober second thought," and,
after a minute's gaze, he said: " Perhaps, my son,
it would have been better for the owner of the
corn if we had stopped the holes the other day.
We broke down a good deal of corn, and did mis-
chief in getting out a single runt with dogs, and
we shall not leave a stalk standing if we serve
all my gang in that way. I know, too, your
mammy will not like it; for I have often heard
her say she could not-bear to make souse out of
hogs'cars that had been torn by dogs. I will,
therefore, take the dogs off, and leave you to tole
or drive the hogs out as peaceably as you can."
The boy ventured to ask, " What will the owner
•The ingbest íail which rests upon the stakes of a
fence.
of the corn think if he finds out that we do not
treat ow hogs like those of other people?" The
old man put his fore finger apon his lip, gave his
son,a significant look, and departed with the
dogs in silence. But, unfortunately for his rep-
utation, he had not more than got out of sight
of the field, when he met the owner on his way
to it. Their conversation was very brief, as the
old man said he was in a hurry. Hia> son was
found m the field, toiling and coaxing the hogs
to a gap. The circumstances were so plain that
the owner of the earn ever after told the story I
have related, and no one doubted its truth.
You now propose to raise a committee to in-
quire into the depredations upon the Treasury,
and your resolutions direct the committee to in-
quire into the "causes" of the late defalcations'.
Why, sir, it seems to me there-is no difficulty in
assigning the immediate " causes" of these pec-
ulations. Your officers are not trustworthy; they
cannot resist temptation; they are dishonest.
These are the immediate causes of defalcations.
I admit, where an officer has a claim against the
Government, which in his conscience he believes
to be just and legal, and retains as much money
as will pay himself, and no more, there may be
extenuating circumstances which will excuse him
from the imputation of base motives; hut I reject
the idea totally that an officer should be permitted
to redress himself by appropriating to his own
use the public money in his hands, upon the pre-
text that the Government is indebted to him. The
system which allows officers to raise accounts
against the Government for extra services is
wrong. We should have tfie nature of the ser-
vice and the compensation so well defined by law
that there could bé no dispute in settling accounts.
But, sir, the largest class of defaulters have no
pretext of indebtedness to them by the Govern-
ment,behind which to escape from public odium.
They have used the public money knowingly,
willfully, and wickedly. There is no palliating
circumstance The cause of their conduct is to be
found in their destitution of moral principle; they
are atheists'of the P'rench school; their god is the
world; their heaven is the gratification of their
senses. They fear no punishment, and they
march to their object by plundering the public.
The evil lies in appointing such officers. Can it
he that the nation is so corrupt we cannot find
honest men to receive and disburse the public mo-
ney? I do not believe we have reached that point
of degradation yet; but we shall come to it, unless
the unprincipled career of political jugglers can
be arrested. Sir, the Executive, for the last ten
years, has selected for office brawling politicians,
overlooking business talents and habits. Capa-
city for, and devotion to, and success in, the me-
chanical, agricultural, or commercial pursuits, or
the professions of physic or law, have been no
recommendation in behalf of an individual seek-
ing public employment. On the contrary, the
very fact that the individual prospered in his av-
ocation, whatever it might, he, seemed to consti-
tute a barrier to political preferment and promo-
tion in the estimation of the Executive. Such
persons have been overlooked, and offices con-
ferred on those who have, by their conduct, by
their failures, manifested a want of capacity or
energy in their business.
Thus it has been that the Executive depart-
ment, in its appointments to office, has violated
the plainest dictates of common sense and com-
mon prudence. The man who has failed in every
other business he engaged in, as the last resort,
tries the trade of politics. He manufactures and
circulates falsehoods; he assails the reputation of
all those who stand m his way; he extols and
Hatters all those from whom he expects aid; and
he unites with others alike destitute of principle
to advance to the Presidency a man who will dis-
pense rewards to his supporters—who will use
the patronage incident to his exalted station for
the benefit of a party. These are the men who
live by the trade of politics. Their object and
their aim is self-aggrandizement. They go for
the " spoils" of office. They have no idea of that
lofty gratification, that tranquil delight, which
flows to a great mind and a liberal heart as the
most precious reward of the proper discharge of
official duties. They have no idea of those en-
joyments of the true patriot resulting from official
