8T&
¿$it£ift>&- 'mx^M;^^iiM^i0ÑMítrmm&
[January 16,
%&rÉLC8m:t.i.3D Sess.
PüMic1 Í>%fouMr$^Mr¡Únéerwi)od:-
Ho. of Reps.
who woW hot exchange tKe'edhvicti'oiís'bf their
¿ceouiítaMlilj'to God, ftñd théif faith of immor-
tality, for all the gold and diamonds of earth.
There are men who discharge publíe trusts under
a sértse of obligation tó á higher po*wer than the
tribunals of tht's world; and'such itieri cannot be
influenced by tile temptations Wrrich"tl4e g'ehtle-
man from South Carolina supposes must over-1
come poor'h,Wan nature. Sir, T do not like the
gentleman's rerrVedy: ' I do not like the idea of
putting: an "end td thievery by keeping nothing
on liánS to tempt a' thief: 1'do not take consolar
tion for poverty in the reflection that I can defy
the robber.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
and a very talented and esteemed Representative
of Kentucky in the other branch of Congress,
have suggested'and pressed bills to prevent Fed-
eral officers from interfering -with the fre'edom of
elections, as'the panacea suited to the polideai
diseases of the present time. I will go with them
as far as the Constitution will allow in restrain-
ing the corrupt and corrupting practices of these
intermeddlers with the rights of suffrage. But I
apprehend that the danger is far greater from in-
termeddlers who wish to obtain, than those who
already have office. The officer only'fights to
defend his citadel, to retain his station, to repel
assaults; whereas the seeker musí undermine and
blowup the incumbent, to dislodge him, and make
a vacan'y for himself to occupy. As the incum-
bent is intrenched behind official walls, he feels
more secure, and the known fact that his position
gives him the advantage in the contest renders
the assailant the more reckless in the use of
weapons. He uses poisoned arrows, in violation
of all'the rules of honorable warfare. He be-
comes a brute and a savage, and pursues his vic-
tim without principle or mercy. Now, sir, the
eiu of the Inst ten years has been, that an aspi-
rant for office has bepn esteemed meritorious and
talented just in proportion to the success which
attended his efforts in raising a Swiss corps to
storm the baticry, to fight for their lender, right
or wrong. Instead of denouncing the Wretch
who filled Ms-ranks with recruits by deceptions
tricks and false promises, and who seduced his
adversary's sentinels and caused them to desert
by bribery, the policy was and is to reward such
a man, to give him a bountiful share of the good
things dispensed by Executive patronage, and
to displace friends as well as foes to make room
for a powerful demagogue. Thus it is that the
essence of merit, in the estimation of the present
dominant party, consists in the ability to control
the largest number of votes. The corrupt means
by which it is done constitute no objection to the
claim for official promotion. It is no wonder that
office thus acquired should boused for selfish and
corrupt purposes. Indeed, in the nature of things,
it cannot be otherwise. The seed and the ground
in which it is sown are cursed wuh corruption,
and how can the fruit be pure?
Sir, the remedy of my friends who would pun-
ish Federal officers for intermeddling with elec-
tions will hardly mitigate, much less cure, the
disease. Why, sir, the party in power preach
the doctrine of rotation in office. I know they
practice upon it by occasionally rolling the in-
cumbent from one fat office to a fatter, and then
to the fattest; and I know, too, when party
policy requires, they seem in good faith to re-
spect the principle of rotation. Thus, sir, out of
thirty good and true Democratic Representatives
•from the State of New York in the Twenty-
Fourth Congress, only three of them were re-
turned to serve in the Twenty-Fifth Congress,
and two out of these three came from the city of
New York. The "party" lost no strength by
the changes made in reference to the Twenty-
fourth'and Twenty-Fifth Congresses. -The peo-
ple of that great State have made many changes
wregard to the Twenty-Sixth Congress, founded
upon the condemnation of the creed of the " par-
ty." Arevolulioninpublic sentiment haschnn^ed
the delegation of the State, and not the principle
of rotation in its party sense. Sir, there never was
a more cunningly-devised ad captandum scheme
to cheat and deceive the people than this same
doctrine of rotation in office. How does it woik
in reference to Representatives on this floor?
According to the example of New York, just
referred'to inrelation to her delegation in the
Twenty-Fourth and Twenty-Fifth Congresses,
a new setof men are introduced, comparatively
ignorant of the rales of-th'rs body, unacquainted
with its- members, and not so well informed as
those-of more experience in respect td the'affáirs
of the Government in all its-relations. Under
such disadvantages, a new delegation, elected
upon party gi'ou'nds,'cannot be otherwise than
instruments in executive hands, and they follow
their leader in Indian file, and make but one track
in their march. Sir, it is a'doctrine favorable to
executive supremacy. Does a sensible man hold
to the- doctrine of rotation with his blacksmith
or his shoemaker? No,sir. He will not change
a long-tried- and faithful workman, who keeps
honest accounts, for a stranger. And yet, by the
time a member of Congress learns bow to dis-
charge his duty independently and beneficially to'
the country, he must give place to a ■new-comer,
according to the doctrine of rotation. It is a
doctrine which prevents a member from becom-
ing independent of the Executive. It extinguishes
the light of experience, and leaves the country
to pursue its destiny in the dark, or to follow
the meteor glory of a military chieftain, or the
ignis fatuus—the jack-o'-lantern—of a boggy ma-
gician.
Sir, I do not make these remarks out of the
least disrespect to the New York delegation now
here, to whom I am politically opposed. Far
from it. I admit they would probably have been
applicable to myself in their full force if Mr. Clay
had been President when I first came into Con-
gress. Unexperienced in legislation here as I
then was, I might have surrendered my own to
follow the thoughts and suggestions of his ad-
ministration. 1 mean no personal disrespect to
any one. I am warring against a system, the
tendencies of which are to erect a despotism.
Give me responsibility in office; give me every
facility to punish aggressions and chastise dere-
lictions of duty; let the people have the power to
hurl a stupid or corrupt public servant from his
station, and to consign him to a long disgrace;
but let them, if they choose, say " Well done,
thou good and faithful servant," and keep him
upon the watchtower, without being cashiered
or dismissed by the party principle of rotation.
Under this parly doctrine of rotation, how easy
a matter would it be to evade any law restrain-
ing Federal officers from interfering with elec-
tions ! A is a receiver or collector, in office.
Well, sir, he will nibble his cheese as mute as
a mouse two or four years, while his friend B
agitates every element in getting voters to the
polls. If A should submit to a contribution of
ten or fifteen per cent, of his salary during the
time, to help B to raise the wind, and both should
keep that matter a secret, the public would never
be the wiser. Rumor is a truthless hussy, in-
deed,if such contributions have not already been
made in some places. But be that as it may,
suppose A does not say a word about elections
while in office; suppose he only votes punctually,
and B makes all the noise when he is nothing
more than a plain citizen; suppose,after theelec-
tion is over, the principle of rotation is enforced,
and A should give up the office and take the field
as an clectioneerer for the next four years, and B
should step into the office and there remain as
quiet and peaceable as a lamb: suppose such a
game to be played, and what will a law avail
providing punishments to deter Federal officers
from intetmeddhng with elections? I will not
stop to answer the question, but hasten to other
matters.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Tavlor]
thinks that an " Independent Treasury" is the
remedy. Well, sir, I, too, have faith in an " Inde-
pendent 7'reasury." But I apprehend the gentle-
man uses the term to convey one idea, while I
use it to convey a very different one. He means
by it the exploded sub-Treasut y system—the re-
ceivers general, their cashiers, clerks, iron chests,
&c, all dependant upon the will and pleasure of
the President. He calls a plan devised and rec-
ommended for its subserviency to the Executive
an "Independent Tiea<iiry." If he uses the term
to indicate fiscal machinery above the people and
their Representatives, and which will act " inde-
pendent" of them, then, sir, he makes a proper
use of the term. In that sense an " Independent
Treasury" constructed by Locofocoism means
an Executive engine with which party work is to
be performed. Now, sir, the " independent
Treasury " w bieh T shall favor is one over which
til© Executive «hall have Wo control. I call it
"independent," because it is to be free from the
dominion of the Executive, and unfettered by the
chains of party—becauseit is to bean instrument
in the hands of the people, through their Repre-
sentatives, with which to perform all the fiscal
operations of the Government, in conformity to
well-defined legal principles, and not a power in
the hands of a despot, with which to prostrate
the very temple of liberty. The gentleman from
New York said that the Whigs were for leaving
things in the worst possible condition, and that
they would not propose a remedy for existing
evils. His very charge against the Whigs is an
admission thathisown party, holding the reins
of-Government i  their hands for the last ten
years, have driven the car of State into a quag-
mire, where the trembling earth threatens to give
way, and let drivers, team,'and all, sink, through
slime and mud, into the abyss of destruction.
Well, sir, as the gentleman seems to call for a
remedy from the Whigs, he shall have mine, at
least, although he m^y not yet be sick enough of
past follies to adopt it.
But, before prescribing, I desire to say to the
gentleman, that I deem it altogether unnecessary
to inquire into the correctness of his calculations
designed to prove that the administration of Gen-
eral Jackson will bear a very favorable compari-
son with the preceding Administrations in regard
to the sums lost by defaulters. The test of merit
is not the amount lost during this or that Admin-
istration, but it turns on the character of the
persons selected to fill office by the President.
Let the gentleman look to the character of the
appointees—the official corps of General Jack-
son—and then estimate the amount they have
pilfered, not only during his administration, but
down to the latest period they were permitted to
remain in service, und I believe he will find that
the public loss from officers appointed by him has
been double, yea, sir, quadruple the amount lost
by the appointees of any other President. That
is the true test, and it lias been evaded in the
whole of this debate. But, sir, the whole defense
made by the gentleman fiom New York, and
others, based upon the ground that defalcations
have existed under every Administration, is un-
worthy of the subject. Can a thief justify him-
self upon the ground " that others steal as well
as he?" If I charge yx>u, sir, with having high-
waymen for associates, do you vindicate your-
self by retorting that my companions are robbers ?
I have heard that such a course is the usual mode
of settling matters in a fish-market. I should
expect to witness it in Billingsgate, but I am as-
tonished to hear anything like it in an American
Congress.
I would, moreover, suggest to the gentleman
from New York that, even according to his own
mode of ascertaining the merit and demerit of the
several Administrations, he has omitted to take
into consideration the defalcations in the Post
Office Department. 1 have seen no document
which gives the necessary information on that
subject; and I believe there are numerous cases of
defalcations where the Government has sustained
no loss, because the sureties of the defaulter have
paid up the money. I should like to seearepo.-t
from the Department showing the number and
amounts of those cases. The first " reform" in
my district, after General Jackson was elected,
consisted in the removal of a faithful postmaster,
and appointing one who soon used the public
money: his sureties paid it. I have made a fruit-
less search to find some redress for them during
this session.
But to proceed with my remedy: the root of the
evil may be found in the combinations of bad men
for the purpose of securing the emoluments of
office to themselves by party discipline The great
means to secure the end is the election of a party
President. My remedy consists in erecting new
constitutional barriers: itis, to drive the hogs out,
and mend the fence.
In the first place, I would render the President
ineligible to a second term; I would do this to
