38*                                  ATm$®W:%Q!!%m:£®mWB^>ffl®m-mWmi                     [December 21,
%5%tí¡Gm<X--t3*> Sess.
PvUiv Difmdters^Mf. WU&* \
Ho. of Reps.
honesty, h is.the holding of the money in the
hands of the officer which produces the tempta-
tion to-peculate. By having it in his custody,
by continual viewing-and counting, he comes at
length to look «pon.and uso i.tas hisowo.
The system is corrupt in<its tendency; all ex-
perience says so. The first Sub-Tfflásurer, since
the .Christian era, was Judas Iscanot; lie carried
the bag; and it was doubtless as much by his dis-
position io appropriate its eonients to his own
private use,fis .by. the thirty pieces of silver,ihat
he was'tempted to betray JjistnaiSter.
Bitt.1 understand the Executive goes stillfur-t
thee; «nd,; pointing to-Uiose vary defalcations,,
demands a  additional band.-of officers to watch,
the .rest, and- pvevseatthem from walking ia the
footsteps of their predecessors. So Pisistratus
gashed hiansclf with unseemly wounds, and.tell-
t«« the, people they had been inflicted by his ene-
mies  asked for an additional guard to protect
him. ¡His request was gratoted; fifty men were
givca him, with whom he immediately seized
upon the citadel, and beeame tyrant of Athens.
Let the lesson not be lost, when you are asked
to increase- the number of tl e office-holders.
No, sir; these defalcations leach another lesson,
and one well worth the cost, if we will but profit
by its admonitions. They teach that the sub-
Treasury system is but the hot-bed of temptation
and crime. They teach that the public treasure
cannot be safely confided lo individual custody.
Sir, this Government may determine to watch,
like Turks, with jealous care, its golden harem;
but it will seek in vain for the financial eunuclis
who have the power to guard without the wish
to.enjoy.
Mr. Chairman, the amount of money we have
lost, great as it is, presents a question of but little
comparative importance. If ihis whole Admin-
istration would take passage in the Great West-
ern, and, with the Treasury in tlicir pockets, fol-
low after Swartwout and Price, I doubt not the
country would cry "quits," and think it a happy
riddance. But it is a deep and vital question,
how such things are to be prevented in future;
how this running sore is to be healed; how this
system of negligence and corruption is to be
stopped, and iheaction of the Government brought
back lo ns original purity.
Give us the right sort of a committer—one that
will go through the Departments as Van Troinp
ewept through ihe. IJniiah channel, with a broom
at the mast bend—and something, perhaps, may
be dono. But for my own part, 1 look for no
permanent good except in a chango of rulers.
This Administration was " conceived in sin and
brought forth in iniquity;" it has not belied its
«rentage. Il is essentially and radically corrupt,
n the language of an English historian, describ-
ing the reign of Henry VIU., " it has attained
as near to perfect depravity as the infirmities of
human nature would permit." Just before an
election it will talk of reform, and deprecate, with
holy horror, the consequences of its own mis-
deeds; but no sooner is ihe object accomplished,
than it returns to iis policy, like a dog to his
vomit.
I have no hope of reform in the party in power;
my only hope is, that the people, convinced of
their hypocrisy and wickedness, will hurl them
from the high places they have so long dis-
graced. That a consummation so devoutly to bo
wished for may be obtained, let us unite in ex-
hibiting to the country their true principles; let
us fasten upon them the responsibility of their
actions. In this patriotic work I trust 1 shall find
with memy honorable friend from South Carolina
who sits near me, [Mr. Pickens.] Often has he led
the fierce assault against these very corruptions.
" Has his hand waxed weak,or bis heart waxed
cold," that his war-cry has not yet tingled in our
ears? Surely the " horn of Roland" will sound
again; surely in this, hia favorite btuile, he will
strike .one more blow for Christendom before be
renounccsthe cross andassumes ihe turliau. Sir, ;
I see by his flashing eye bis soul is with us; ihe
spirit of the past is rising before him; be iccol-
lects that many moons have not yet waxed and
waned, since this very party who now claim Inm
as anally, crouehed and howled like an exorcised
demon beneath the magic of his burning words.
Let hit  come, out from among them—he and his
F;
friends, for they are not Of them:¡eagles'matenot
with kites and carrion crows.
Sir, X should rejoice to seo the gallant gentleman
resume hi  original position. I should be proud
to win my-spurs under so well approved and ac-
complished .a. leader.
Let me call to-his mind a fable, with which he
is doubtless familiar. Agauntand ravenous wolf,
hastily gorging the spoils of some plundering cx4
pedition, was choked by a bone, and lay at the
point of death. A stork happened to be passing
that way, .and, moved by an ill-judged, pity, ex-
tended her long Beck dawns the wolf's throat, and
extracted -the bone. U.pon modestly suggesting
ü)e propriety of some reward for so generous, an
act, the stork was told, with a wolfish scowl, that
she ought to consider herself fortúnate that her
head was not bitten off during the operation.
Now, I take jt that it requires no name written
beneath ihis picture, to enable the most obtuse to
recognize in t^e ravenous wolf the present party
in power. The picture will also call to mind how
this party, some years ago, while gorging with
wpifish appetite upon the " spoils," got a bpoe
in its throat, and lay at the point of dissolution.
I leave it lo the sagacily of the gentleman from
South Carolina to finish the resemblance; to say
who acted towards the Administration the part
of the benevolent stork; and to reflect upon the
boon she is likely to receive for her kindness.
Sir, the immense peculations of Swartwout,
Price, and others, or rather the exposure of them,
has alarmed the Administration.
They propose to make u p the losses by retrench-
ment. Aim what do you suppose are the sub-
jects of this new and sudden economy.' What
branches of the public service are to be lopped
off on account of the licentious rapacity of the
office-holders?   I feel too indignant to tell you.
Look into the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and you will find out. Well, sir, what
are they? Pensions, harbors, and light-houses.
Yea, sir, these are recommended as proper sub-
jects for retrenchment. First of all, the scarred
veterans of the Revolution are to be deprived of
a portion of ihe scanty putañee doled out to them
by the cold charity of ihe country. How many
of them will you have lo send forth as beggars
upon the very soil which they wrenched from
the hand of tyranny, to make up the amount of
even one of these splendid robberies ? How many
harbors will it take—those improvements dedi-
cated no less to humanity than to interest; those
nests of commerce to which the canvass-winged
birds of the ocean flock for safety? How many
light-houses will it take? How many of those
" bright eyes of the ocean," as my friend from
Virginia beautifully calls them, are to be put out'
How many of those faithful sentinels who stand
along our rocky coast, and, peering far out in the
darkness, give timely warning to the hardy mari-
ner where the lee-shore threatens; how many of
these, I ask, are. to be discharged from their hu-
mane service? Why, the proposition )s almost
impious. I. should as soon wish to put out the
stars of heaven.
Sir, my blood boils at the cold-blooded atrocity
with which this Administration proposes thus to
sacrifice the very family jewels of the country to
pay for the consequences of its own profligacy.
If ihey wish to retrench, let them cut down sala-
ries, instead of light-houses; let them abandon
offices instead of harbors; let them turn out upon
the woild some of their wide-mouilicd partisans
instead of the soldiers of the Revolution.
Mr. Chairman, I have done. I had intended
to notice other portions of the message, but shall
defer it, for I have already too far taxed the pa-
tience of the committee. I shall vote in the
House for an investigation, though I do not ex-
pect much from it. My hope is in an investiga-
tion by a higher authority than ibis House—by
the people. The evil of the limes lies ma in par-
ticular cuses, but in the principles of the party.
Legislation cannot reach it. It is a ladiral evil, <
and the people alone can cure it. That they will j
do so, and in the only vvay it can be done—by a ¡
change of rulers—I have, a high and holy confi-
dence. This Administration has eaten, like, a
cancer, so far into the institutions of the country
that, unless the remedy be soon applied, it will
be too late.   I do most conscientiously believe
that if the present dynasty is continued in power,
constitutional liberty cannot survive. Already
our institutions are ,half corrupted; already an-
archy and despotism are leagued together against
the Constitution and the laws. Let him who
doubts it look at the proceedings in a neighboring
State, and the conduct of the Federal Executive
in relation thereto.
Let Mr. Van Buren be reelec/ed; let him con-
tinue to be guided by the counsels of Mephisto-
philes and Asmodeus, tjie two familiars who are
ever at his elbow—those lords, the one of letters
and the other of/iesr—and it will not be long that
this mighty Hall Will echo tathe voice of an Amer-
ican Representative, .This Capitol will have no
other uses,than to .attract.the curiosity of th 
passing traveler, who, in melancholy idleness,
will stop to inscribe upon one of these massive
pillars, " Here toos a RepuMc!"
PUBLIC DEfAULTfiJlS.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY A. WISE,
OP   VIRGINIA,
In the House op Representatives,
December 21, 1838,
On the subject of the late defalcations.
Mr. WISE rose to address the House on Mr.
Cambreleng's motion for a select committee to
investigate the defalcation of Samuel Swartwout,
late collector at New Yoik. Several gentleman
solicited him to defer his remarks until to-mor-
row.    Mr. Wise declined, and said:
Mr. Speaker: Af.er once losing the floor in the
manner I did, by complying with such requests
the other day, and by your decision yesterday,
that petitions had precedence for thirty days over
this motion, I feel very timid of locofocoism in
yielding it again. I sec, sir, gentlemen desire that
this discussion should not proceed, at least not
yet. They are afraid that public sentiment will
be forestalled. They are heartily sick of this sub-
ject already, and would gladly get rid of it alto-
gether. For their salces, then, 1 shall go on; let
them be patient under the operation; if they are
hungry, let them go home and get their dinner;
I shall not have concluded before their return;
for, by refusing me leave to proceed yesterday,
they have onlysiven me more time to provide
more materials; they have only laid up for them-
selves wrath against the day of wrath-. I feel bet-
ter prepared, much better, m body and mind than
I was before; and, with this bank of documents
before me, I could rain forty days and forty nights
upon their sins and iniquities !
Sir, in my rambling remarks the other day I
said many things which I will prove now. 1 said
the proposition of the gentleman (Mr. Cambke-
leng] did not go far enough. Instead of inquir-
ing only into the manner and extent of Swart-
wout's defalcation, it should propose an investi-
gation of the official conduct of the Secretary of the
7Vea*un/, with a view to his impeachment, if suffi-
cient lie found on which to base the articles of
specification.
Let gentlemen understand me. I measure my
terms. I speak in no spirit of bravado. I declaim,
not when I say that if a majority of this House
would do their duty without fear, favor, or affec-
tion, the Secretary of the Treasury would, before
this House adjourns, be impeached. If ever a
felon deserved the hangman'sknot, the Secretary
of the Treasury, Levi Woodbury, deserves im-
peachment ! That is the proposition which I will
now proceed to demonstrate.
This isa bold declaration; I know the weight
of its responsibility; it requires some exertion to
prove it; and I must be permitted to go back a
little, to take a review of the past, from the be-
ginning, and to gather, and group, and array all
my exhibits and proofs.
To go back to the beginning, then; you all
know that this present Administration that now
is, is only a continuation of the one which went
before it; a different stage,of the same disease.
It came into power a reform Administration, an
inve ligating Jldmini-.lratum! Yes, sir, they were
hot in the pursuit and detection of all the iniqui-
ties of the reign of the venerable gentleman be-
fore me, [Mr. Apams,] and they found victims
