392                                          APPENDIX TO tm CG^GREPSÍONAL GLOBE.                         [December 21,
2&rif Gwg.,.I3d Sess.
Public Defquitter*—Mr. Witt.
Ho, OF Rb£S.
accordingly, and placed all the accounts ready for signature
on Mr. Reckless's table for lus examination and signature.
Tiiey lay there for more than a week, until one day, m over-
looking them Mr Reckless said to me, "you have only put
tJiesum that the boatmen are to receive on the pay roll." I
told him "yes; and that 1 had filled the column  ot the other
accounts accordingly." He said he "would not have itso,
and that it must be altered." I told htm "it would not do,"
but he required me to eiase the figures " 3 " in the pay-roll;
which I did ; lie standing by in such a manner as that the
erasure eould be plainly peiceived, and intentionally left so
by me. I immediately went out of the ornee, determined to
have nothing to do with paying the boatmen- In a day or
two 1 was sent to the beach to superintend the discharge of
a wi eck, and when I returned two of the boatmen had signed
the pay-roll; the two others signed afterwards, in my pres-
ence. The boatmen were not then paid, nor did they re-
ceive their three dollars each from Mr. Reckless until some
time after the 7th of May. I did not see the boatmen paid,
as I was not then m office; but I ascertained from each of
them that they had received their three dollars.
On or about the last of April, or 1st of May, Mr. Reckless
brought the accounts for the firstquarter ot 1834 to my desk,
and lequired me to fill the pay-roll with the sum of twenty
 me dollars opposite to each man's name,.making the total
sum of $116. £ remonstrated for some tune ; but, having
iully made up my mind as to the course I should pursue, I
did as I was ordered, carefully placing the figures ''29" to
the left hand of the " 3>s," before erased ; which fact is sub-
stantiated by that document, now in Washington. I imme-
diately alter ward* made the circumstances known to proper
persona,. 1 did not remain moie than a d.iy oi two longer
in the office, and, of course, can give no further informa-
tion.
Í never infoimed Mr. Reckless that it wa-> the usage of
the onice to charge the incidental expenses, and cover them
liy the receipts oi the boatmen oí the revenue boat. It never
was done until the making up of the accounts lot the tourth
quuiU r of 1B33, winch were made up in the month ofJnn-
uaiy, 1834. lie does know that the boatmen always re
ct ived the <-um specified in their account  until the fourth
quarter oi 1833, und that, duniig the tune that Mr. Parkt r
was collector, the boatmen always iecuved the sum speei-
iied in their receipt. Witness has looked into the revenue
boatmen's urn e-book, produced by the collector, and it ap-
pears that the amount paid to tin1 boatmen for then sei-
vices for the second quarter of 1831 is thirty five dollars
only; it appeals, by the account leudeied to the Govern
inent by the collector, that he chaiges $121 for boatmen's
wage*, lie has looked into iho book pioduced by the col-
leetot ¡oi the fluid quaiter of 1834, ami finds that the bum
oi lotty live dollaib is the sum bet down as. paid to the boat-
men tm that quarter : the account mideied to the Govern-
ment shows tin1 amount paid to the boatmen lor that quar-
ter, as charged by linn, $101.
The annexed receipt, signed by J. W Reckless, collector,
purt of Perth Autboy, New Jersey, beating dalo July IB,
1833, is in the handwriting of J. W Reckless.
Being cross examined by General Wall as counsel for the
collector, he sutih the blanks in the boatmen's at count for
the fourth quarter of 1833 were tilled up by him, by order
of the collector; that the difference between the bum tilled
up m flic receipt and the bum actually iei eived. he said
would cover the contingent expi uses, which had been dis-
allowed by the Government. These contingent expenses
were those charged by Older of the unlleetor to the debit ot
the United y tat  s. in the genital account of the third quar
ter ot lb3J, and disallowed at Washington by the Comp-
nolle i'  letter of IHth December, 18J3. The blanks m the
boatmen's receipt for the first quaiter of the yeai 1831 were
filUd up by the witness, by the oidet of the collector That
he did not tell witness what constituted the difference, or
how it was made up, between the hum actually paid and
tne sum specified m the receipt, nor did the witness ask
him how it was made out. On recollection, he thinks that
Mr. Reckless did, at the time of Idling up these receipts,
make d calculation on my desk relative to the sum, but
witness cannot tell what it was That at this tune mj fe< 1-
ing-t were very much excited That he remembers going
twice to the sea shore to attend the di&elmge of thecnigoes
of wrecks On those occasions, Mr Reckless advanced him
money lor lus expenses, and ot the inspectors who went
with him, and for which he at counted to the collector on
lus return. 'J hat these expenses weie covered by the in-
spectors' receipts lor an extra number ol dajs, sufficient to
cover the amount This was agreeable to the usage in the
ofhee before Mr. Reckless came there, and while witness
was in the office, and witness alwtvs undt r tood that it
was the custom in ail custom houses, and particularly in
New York.                                           I\ W   BRINLEY.
Sworn at Perth Amboy, the 30th dav of March. 1835, be-
fore me,                                            JOSEPH MARSH,
Mayor Cuy of Perth Amboy,
Benjamin Mauuce, bemg duly sworn, deposetlnnd satth.
He remembers that the schooner Pacihc was at Mr  Pat
rick's wharf, at the citv ot Amboy, in February, l&t3, until
June or July, 1833 A day or two before the vessel U It the
wharf, the collector called upon him tor a hill for her
wharfage, and asked him to hand him the bill, which de-
ponent promised to do. \ few days afterwards, Í met Mr
Reckless, who inhumed hun that he need not tiouhle him-
self to give him a bill, that he had ascertained the amount
of whartage from documents in his ofhee, and that he w ould
piv the amount to Mrs Patrick, the owner of the whart;
that in the month ot August or September, 1834. he ascer-
tained that the wharfage bill had not been paid to Mrs. Pat-
rick. Some little time afterwards, he called on Mr Reck-
less (it mav have been hve or six weeks) for the money,
and Mr Reckless iniorimd me that u was entiiely a mis-
i ike, and regretted that he h id not paid it, and paid me
tw ntv-seven dollar , and I mentioned to him that it was
§•29 25. Mr. Reckless endeavored then to hunt up the pa-
pers, but could not lay his hand on them, but said he would
pay the balance at any time that I would call. The twenty-
seven dollars was paid to hun about the JOth of October
last. The balance of $2 35 was paid in February, or the
present month. On or about the last day of December last
Mr. Reckless called upon Mr. Matinee, with a receipt for
i$29 25, and requested his signa:ure to it. He observed that
he had only received twenty-seven dollars. Mr. Reckless
said he would pay him the balance any time he would call,
and thereupon he signed the receipt. The receipt purports
to bear date the time he signed it. The actual amount paid
me was $-29 25, being at the rate oí $1 50 per week, which
was the actual amount of the whartage- Witness never
delivered the bill to Mi. Reckless, because Mr. Reckless
told me he knew the amount from documents in his office.
BENJAMIN MAURICE.
Sworn before me this 30th day of March, 1835.
JOSEPH MARSH,
Mayor of the City of Perth Amboy.
James Parker, being duly sworn, doth depose and say :
That during the month of January, 1833, while he was col-
lector of the port of Amboy, the schooner Pacific was found
running without papers, and detained for the payment of
foreign tonnage money. He ascertained that she had run a
number of trips with stone for the railroad, and that she
was liable for tonnage money to an amount exceeding $400
The piecise sum he does not recollect. The hands all left
the vessel, and she was laid at Mi. Bruen's wharf; and,
after some time, aa her expenses were too large at that
wharf, I removed her to Mrs. Patrick's wharf, under an
agreement with Mr. Mauuce, her agent, at %l 50 per week.
I left the collector**) office on the 1st of April, 1833, and
delivered over to Mr Reckless the vessel and all the p.i
pers relating to her; among these weie a letter from the
Comptiollei of the Trea&tu), stating the law in regard to
the vessel; a letter trom Mr Oonover, stating the number
of loads of stone she had biought to the railroad: an account
ot the tonnage money due , an account of the wharfage due
by the vessel tnMr Bine ; anda memorandum of the time
she went to Mrs Patrick's wharf; and the rate per week
that was to be paid for wharlage to Mr. Maurice. That,
late in the summer or early in the fall of 1833, as he was
passing the door of the collector's office to go to his own
office, Mr. Ilnnley, the deputy collectoi, called me into the
collector's office, and told me that he wished to toinmum-
eate to me a fact, for the sake of his own reputation, tear-
ing that he, keeping the accounts of the collector, might
hereafter be blamed. He then told me that Mr Reckless,
the collector, liad received a sum of money for tonnage of
the schooner Pacific, and had refused to suffer him (Mr.
Ilnnley) to place it to the credit ot the United States in the
weekly accounts ol moneys received and paid. Mr. Brinley
muted that he had given me thin information that I might
testily to the tact when occasion may require. At some
tunc in the spring of 1834, while he (this deponent) was at
Washington, he received a letter or letters (rom Mr Brin-
ley, informing him that Mr. Reckless, the collecior, had di
rected him (Mi. Ilnnley) to fill up the receipts given by the
boatmen ot the revenue boat, toi an amount much larger
than the sums actually paid. That Mr Reckless had done
tins for the avowed put pose of thus obtaining from the Gov-
ernment certain commissions and ofhee expenses improp-
erly charged by him in his general account cunent foi some
of the quarters of the year 1833, and which charges had
been rejected by the TreasuryDepartment The precise time
he (tins deponent) received the communication he cannot
say. not having the letters by him ; but it was at the time
that Mr Bnnlcy was acting as deputy collector, and before
he was superseded by Mr Reckless's son.
Some tune in the summer ol 1833,m a conversation with
tins deponent and Mr Reckless, the collector, respecting
the expenses of the office, the deponent stated to Mr Reck-
less that no allowance was made, according to the rules of
the Treasury Department, for the expenses ot his office.
That office rent, fuel, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses of the office, were never charged or allowed in the
general account, but were to he paid out ofiiis fees or emol-
uments.                                                  JAMES PARKER
Sworn to before me, this 30th day of March, 1833,
JOSEPH MARSH,
Mayor of the City of Perth Amboy.
Trfabury Department,
Comptrotler's Office, December 18, 1833
Sir   Your accounts for the customs for the third quarter,
1833, have been adjusted at the Treasury; anda balance of
$81l,0o7 93 stated to be due trom you to the United States,
consisting of—
Bonds in suit................................$810,171 79
Cash on hand............,...................        886 14
i$8n,0T7 93
The balance stated bv you is.................$810,978 51
Amount improperly charged for office rent, the
same being chaigeable in jour account of of-
ficial emoluments...................$15 75
Amount charged in contingent account,
second quirter, suspended for want of
voucher and receipts.......,......... 43 95
Commission improperly charged........  19 72
---------79 42
$M 1,057 93
Respectfully,                          JOSEPH ANDERSON,
Comptroller.
Joseph W. Reckless, Collector at Perth Jlmboyt N. J.
Treasury Department,
Covptkoli.br s Offick, March 4, 1834.
Sir : Your accounts tor the customs for the fourth quar-
ter, 1833, have been adjusted at the Treasury, and a balance
of $310,67193 stated to be due from you to the United Stales,
consisting of—
Bondsinsmt...............................$810,171 79
Cash on hand............,...........,........       500 14
$810,671 93
The balance which you have stated is........ .$810,642 47
Deduct marine hospital money, over-credited in
this account................................            1 00
810,641 47
Add commission overcharged.................        3 i 45
$810,671 93
Respectfully,                          JOSEPH ANDERSON,
Comptroller.
Joseph W. REC,KLEitsa Collector at Perth Jlmboy, N. J.
Abstract of disbursements on account of the revenue boat
for ifte district of Perth Amboy.from the I*t day of Octo-
ber to the 31í¡ of December, 1833.
1834, Jan. 1.—Cash paid seamen, as per pay-roll No. 1, $113
J. W. RECKLESS, Collector.
District of Perth Amboy,
Collector's Office, January 1,1834.
[No. 1.]
Pay roll of seamen employed on board of the revenue boat
for the district of Perth Jlmboy, fiom the 1st October to
the '¿1st of December, 1833.
Time of   Rate per    Pay and
Names                                 set i ¿< e          day.        rations.
James Seguine...............28 days        $1             $28
Francis Segume............29   "               1               29
LukeRoss.................28   «                1                28
AbncrDepew..............28   «               1               28
113   "                           $113
District of Perth Amboy, January 1,1834.
Received ot Joseph W Reckless, collector ot the cus-
toms for the district of Perth Amboy, the several sums
affixed to our names, respectively, being in full for our
wages during the quarter endinc December 31, 1833.
JAMES SEGUINE,
Per F  W Brinley, in his absence.
FRANCIS SEGUINE,
LUKE ROSS, his X mark.
ABNER DEPEW, his X mark.
Witness* F. W. Brinley.
Abstract of disbursements on account of the revenueboat for
the distrirt of Perth Amboy, for the quarter ending 31st
March, 1834
1834,Apnl 1 —Cash paid seamen, as per piy-rol! No 1, $11©
J. W. RECKLESS, Collector.
District of Perth Amboy,
Collector's Oh-ice, April 1,1834.
(No 1.)
Pay-roll of sea-men employed on board of the revenue boat
/or the district of Pa th Amboy, from the first day of Jan-
uary to the 31st March, 1834.
Time of   Rate per   Pay and
Names.                                set vice.        day.         rations.
James Segume.............29 days.         $1             $Q9
Luke Rosa..................29                    1                29
Rouhn Sofield............. 29   "                1               29
Francis Segume.............29   u                1                Q0
116                                  $116
District of Perth Amboy, April 1, 1834
Received fiom J  W. Reckless, collector of ihe customs,
the several sums annexed to our names respectively, being
in full for our wage  for the quarter ending March 31,1834.
JAMES SEGUINE,
LUKE ROSS, his X mark,
KOUL1N SOFIELD,
FRANCIS SEGUINE.
Witness. F. W. Brinley.
New York, April 9,1835.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose to you the deposition 
taken by me before the Mayor of the city of Perth Amboy,
on the 30th ultimo, to sustain the charges preferred by me
agim&t the collector of that port.
These depositions would have been taken at an earlier
day, but the accounts deemed necessary to be used in the
1 case did notamve until in the early part of March; and, being
j desnous of examining the Hon. Mr. Parker, I did iiol give?
' nonce till I had ascertained when Mr. Parker would be m
i Amboy.   On the 12th March I eiused notice to be served
I on the deputy collector on the 18th, and on that day 1 at-
i tended, as did all the witnesses who had been formerly
summoned, but Mr. Reckless not attending, and, on in-
quiry at Ins office, finding him absent at Washington, I
postponed the examinations until the 30th, and caused a
new  notice to be served on him for that day, when they
were completed.    I state these circumstances, to account
for the apparent unnecessary delay, and because Mr. Reck-
less represents m Amboy that, while at Washington, he had
I settled hib accounts, paid lus defalcation, and received a
i discharge from the Tieasury Department.   Mr. Reckless
j attended the examination, \tith his counsel, G   D. Wall,
Esq., United States, district attorney for New Jeisey, ami
