400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 21,
25th Cong....3d Sess.                                Public Defaulters—Mr. Wise.                                             Ho. of Reps.
unascertained duties.' The only portion of this which lie
paid over to his successor was $8,229 94 to meet ' pro-
tests;' leaving the amount of that fund retained by him,
$192,866 46. 
Thus Swartwout's own account showed a bal-
ance of $201,096 40 of cash retained to meet pro-
tests,-and $164,010 60 of cash deposited with him
to meet unascertained duties; he paid over to his*
successor only $8,229 94 to meet protests; and
yet no suspicions were excited until November,
1838!
Sir, ail this is too much to expect of our credu-
lity. I will show you now that Hoyt must have
known of this defalcation long before Novem-
ber—in fact, soon after he came into office; that
his subordinate knew of it long before—years be-
fore Swartwdut himself went out of office; and
if Hoyt and his subordinates knew it, that the
Secretary must have been informed long before
November, 1838.
Ogden, the cashier of Swartwout and Hoyt,
frhiUips, the assistant cashier, and Fleming, the
auditor of the custom-house, all knew of this de-
falcation for years. In proof of this I quote first
the report of the 8th of November, signed by
Gilpin and Barker, to the Secretary:
"The examination requisite to ascertain the manner in
which the money was abstracted, and the details ot the de-
falcation which has been going on for seven or eight years,
wilt require some days. All that we know in regaid to it
at present is derived from a voluntary communication made
to us la¡>t evening by Mi, Henry Ogden, the cashier of the
custom-home during Mr Swartwout's term.
" Having been informed that the large defalcation was
known to the public officers, and that we had come to New
York for the purpose of investigating it, lie called on us, and
at once, m the presence of Mr. Pi ice, the district attorney,
who was with ua, entered frankly into a conversation on
the subject. He commenced by saying that the circum-
stances of the case had troubled him exceedingly for some
time, and that he had strongly urged Mr. Swartvvout not to
leave the United ¡states in August last; that he had told
him it was bcarcely possible the defalcation could remain
much longer concealed, especially since the account!  lor
the last quarter had been called for and not furnirdied; that
he advised bun, instead of going to Europe, to go at once
to Washington, submit a statement of the whole matter to
the Secretary of the Treasury, surrender his pioperty, and
make the best arrangement he could ; that Mr. Swartwout
told htm in reply he was confident of being able io raise
money in England, by which he could pay hid whole debt
to the United States as booh as he returned ; and he did not
think the business would be known befoic that ticm
■* In reply to our inquiry as to the time when the abstrac-
tion of the public money commenced, he Mated that it was
nbout nine months after Mr bwartwout was appointed col-
lector,   lit* afterwards unid he supposed it might have been
n year alter—that is, in 18J0; that, as the amount of the de-
falcation Increased, he frequently spoke to Mi. Swartwout
upon the subject; and that, nbmit (our years since, it had
become so large that he told Mr Swartwout tint, unless
measures were taken to reduce it, he could not const nt to
continue m the situation he held    Mr Swartwout was,
howtver, confident that the operations in which he was en
gaged would be so profitable as to make it easy for him to
pay off tht  whole deficiency. This modeol treating the sub
jeet, Mr. Swartwout continued to per-i-im to the last al
ways expressing Ins belief that he could set m titers tight
" hi reply to our inquiry as to the mode in which the af-
fair had been conducted,and the amount, Mr. Ogden stated
thut Mr. Phillips, the assistant caahn r, was mote lully nc-
quattited with the particulars than himself, but that it com-
menced by Mr. Swartwout not passing to the credit ot the
Treasurer the whole turns received."
Again, sir, from Gilpin's separate report, No-
vember 10, we learn:
" From Mr Phillip', ihe assistant cashier during Mr
Swartwout's official term, we received aveihal statement
confirming that previously made to us bv Mr Ogden ; and,
in a written communication, he has given a general view
of the course of proceeding, to winch he has offered to add
«ueh a particular account of the details of the transactions
ns lie can gather from the books and accounts."
Again, sir, from the report of Gilpin and Bark-
er, November 15, we leain:
" According to the statements of Mr. Ogden and Mr
Phillips, heretofore mentioned to vou, and subsequently
confirmed by them m writing, as well as verbilly, the use
of the public money commenced as early as the close of
1829, or tlie beginning of 1830, the practice being to ttans-
fer at the commencement of the week, to the Tteasurer of
the United States, no more than the amount received pre-
vious to Saturday morning; and thus to place successively
from the subsequent receipts the sums withdrawn, so that
the deficiency might not appear. Though the sums thus
replaced, after they were taken, can form no part of the
balance now charged agamst Mr. Swartwout, which con-
sists only of sums never returned, \et we endeavor to ob
tain from Mr. Phillips the items of tins sort ft run the com
mencement. We were unable to do so. The original
check book of Mr Swartwout from June, 1S30, to Decem-
ber, 1831, through which, perhaps, they might have been
traced, was not, after diligent search, to be found ; and al
though Mr Phillips commenced, as he staled, in the year
1834, when the deficit began to be large, to make a memo-
randum of which lie can now designate the sums with-
drawn, subsequent  to that period, by Mr.  Swartwout,
from the cash fund for his own use, yet he declared his
inability to do so any earlier. The evidence, therefore, in
regard to the moneys that were withdrawn and replaced,
is found in the verbal communications made to us by Mr.
Ogden and Mr. Phillips, winch were given in our previous
reports to you, and in their letters and written statement4-,
of which copies will be found among the documents trans-
mitted to you herewith."
Again, sir:
" We endeavor to ascertain exactly the amounts of cash
which had boon succes-qveiv withdrawn, so a* to make up
the whole of these funda. Mi. Phillips, the assistant cash-
ier, who kept the check book , from which only tins can
be traced, has given u-> a statement of i-ucli ot the sums
thus diawn out by Mr. Swartwout for his private use as he
was able to obtain from the old check-books tn the office
and his own memorandums. It embraces only the interval
betwen November, 1834, and June, 1837, and amounts in
the aggregate to $193,602 90. Of this sum the cash noted
by Mr. Phillips a3 being withdrawn was—
In the year 1834.............................$6,261 20
1835.....................43 700 00
1836............................97,841 00
1837............................45,800 00
$193 602 20
" In the earlier period of these transactions (that is, tnmi
1829 until the close of 18J1) Mi Phillips was not in the
habit ot noting the checks thus used by Mr Swartwout,
and lie states that from this circumstance, and from the loss 
of the check book of 183) and 1831, (to which we have
advened,) he h unable to nace out the paiticular item 
winch constitute the residue of the cash thus withdrawn.
The statement ot Mr Pli.thps, giving the amount of each
check so diawn, will be found among the documents trans-
mitted to you heiewith "
Again, sir:
" It will be seen that this deficitin the bond account first
occurs in the year, 1837 Shoitly after its commencement
Mr. Phillips, the assistant cashier, ktpt a list for his own
satisfaction, as he st ited, of a laigc number of these bonds,
which had been paid,and the monev receivt d by Mr Swart-
wout It amounts altogether to $o97,33l 03 When the
bond account came to be finally adjusted, in the summer of
1838, by Mr Pleming, the auditor of the custom house
during the latter pnit of Mi Swartwout's term, lie received
fioni Mr Phillips the original list, thus made out and kept,
and found it to agree, as fai as it went, with the deficiency
in the bonds which he had ascertained himself, and to which
he had called Mr. Swartwnut's attention it fell =hort,
however, of the whole amountof the deficiency m the bond
account of the year 1837, and the first qu irter of 1838, by
$10,472 58; but the pariieulnis of this latter sum Mr Fl< m
nig obtained, so as to in tlte the whole amount of the bond
account eh irge tble to Mr bwai twout, during that peuod,
,■5013,801 21, as before stand. An explanatory conimuni-
tatiou ol Mi Tinning, n'ative to the bond account, to
gtihei with the list midi by Mr. Phillips, will be found
among ihe documents traiismitu d to J ou "
Again, <?ir, I refer to the statement of Ogden
himself, page 47:
Ni w York, November 8, 1838
IHarSir- As fit as niv menioiy serves me in r< gaid to
the dilhcultiis of Mi Sw ntwout, I should f-ny th it they
bigan not long after Ins appointment as col It ctoi; and that,
from that period, he has continued to draw Mims from time
to timo; that my assistmt (Mi Phillips) and myself have
held liequent couvcis itinns with him respecting the sums
ot money which he had r< a ivul, and that we often, when
he applied to us, uiged him to endeavor to raise money |
elsewht re, d he possibly could, and not to diaw any moie i
from the b ink; that, about louryears since, when we again
epoUt to turn on the subject of the amounts we supposed he j
hid received, he Kquesti d us to have an interview with
him at his house, tint we met him agreei.b!y to appoint
mem, and that he then assured us, as he had done frequently
befoie, that he did not doubt that, before many months, the
speculations he had enti ltd into would result in such away
as to enable him to pav ill up Fioin that period we occa-
sionally called Ins atri ntion to the balance due, until the
period of my leaving for i anada, (the 4Lh of August) Mr
bwiiiwout sailed on the 16th of August
I am, with gieat ie&pect, \ oui obedient servant,
HENRY OGDEN.
Henra D   Gn pin, Esq , Solicitor of the Treasury*
Again: The statement, fiom Phillips himself:
Njw\ ork. November 9, 1838.
Sir : Mr Swaitwout came into oflice as collector of ihe
port of New Yoik on the 1st of May, 1829, and, as far as
my memory serves, hut a few months had elapsed before he
commenced drawing mom y for his private uses, which he
continued for a peuod o| nearly nine years, without any j
great intermission                                                                       ,
It is necessary, m oider to make mvself understood, that
I should state the mannci m which the business of the cus
tom-house was conduct* d in resppct to the financial con-
cerns with the branch bank, and afterwards with the three
deposit banks, namely, the Mechanics', Manhattan, and
America, the receiving banks for the bonds for duties due
the United States—the bianch bank fiom 1st May, 1829, to
7th October, 1833; and the deposit banks from that period
to the 16th May, lbJ7, (die time ot their suspension of specie
payments )
The bonds and the records being completed at the custom- '
house, were delivered to the banks, with a statement of the ¡
amount, &c, of each, lor which a receipt was given bvthe !
cashier (with whom they were placed) for the amount re-
ceived.   This was usually done about thirty ('ays previous
to matuntv, when it became the business of the bank to
notify the principals of the date when paj able.   This being
done, the amount collected daily would be plaeed to the
credit of S Swartwout, and subject to his drafts, without
particularizing the put pose for which they «ere diawn,
which was an invariable practice; and the same was a! waj s
the case m regard to all moneys collected thiough the banks
on account ot customs, during the period before stated, and
lie availed himself of U as he required.
After the passage of the law which required that all sums
o( $200 and under, and and all duties on woolens, should
be cash, by direction from the Treasury Depailment it was
ordered that the amount should be paid direct to the bank
instead of the custom-house, which was done by giving the
importer a certificate, wh ch was by him taken to the bank,
and there paid, and the signatuie of the receiving officer to
the certificate, returned to the custom-house, was authority
for his receiving a permit for his goods, and the amount so
collected daily placed to the credit of S. Swartwout, and
subject to his drafts as before.
Independent of the bonds, &c., collected at the banks, a
large amount of money was received at the custom-house
on deposit for duties on merchandise paying a specific rate
of duty, which was considered in suspense until the actual
amount to which it was liable was ascertained, and the set-
tlement with the parties making the deposit, winch, in a
great many instances, did not take place for twelve months,
and frequently longer, which plaeed a large amount at the
disposal of the collector, as the duties on deposit were not
placed to the credit of the United States until the merchant
had made a settlement. As the collections made by the
banks up to three o'clock do not appear on the books of the
custom-house until the following day, consequently, m
m ikmg up the weekly accounts lor the Trea&uiy Depart-
ment to tin ec o'clock on Saturday, the amount icceived on
Saturday would not appear until the following week, when
the saine occurrence would take place in respect to that
week, and so continue on.
By reftrenct to tin weekly returns made to the Treasury
Department, it will be seen that large amounts were fre-
quently retained ihidei the head of " amount due the Uni-
ted States, to be carried to next return," which accounts
have the signature of Mr. Swartwout; and, in many in-
stances, would not be forwarded until Tuesday, m order
that the collections of Saturday and Monday might place
him in funds to make the transfei from his account to that
of the Treasurer of the United States.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. PHILLIPS.
H   D  Gilpin, Esq , Solicitor of the Treasury.
Again: the statement of J. A. Fleming himself;
Custom-ho^se, New York,
Auditor's. Office, November 16, 1838.
Sin: Having been called upon by you to state my knowl-
edge of the situation of the accounts of Samuel Swartwout,
late collector, and to render such information as I possess
in rcgaid to Ihe amount due by him to the United States, I
have to observe that, as auditor of the custom house, which
office I hive held fiom thelstol July, 1836, the adjustment
of the accounts devolved on me, and that I earned forward
the balance fiom preceding quartern, deemini; it conect
In the month ot June, 1837, being engagtd in proving the
account ol bond- paid lor the quarter ending the 31st of
March of that yeai, I found there was a large discrepancy
between the bonds payable and bonds paid, and that the
lattei tell short of the former about five huiidn d thousand
dollars Tins cncumstince I mentioned to Mr Phillips,
the assistant cashier, whose office it is to keep the cash-
book, and wis informed by him that ins book contained the
record ot all the bonds paid to the Government in that quar-
tci Upon this icply, I accordingly closed the bond account
as it existid ; and the banks having previously suspended
specie payments, and the tioub'es in the meicantile com-
munity being veiy di-astious, 1 supposed that the payment
of all the lemaming bonds was suspended
Mr bwaitwout, then collector, had icceivedinstructions
fiom the Tieastuy Department to allow an extension of
ciedit upon all hondo unpaid, and to ti nislcr them foi ex-
tension to the district attorney, until the Government should
decide what further comse was necessaiy to be pursued.
Congress, having then been convened by the President to
legislate on these matters, on the 16th Oi tobti, 1837, enacted
a law aiulioiiiiug an extension o( cieditot nine mouth-,
horn the iiati ot uiatunty, upon all bonds given puor to the
passage ol the act, and winch wore then unpaid. The mini
ber ot these bonds was upwards of ten thou-and, and tin y
exceeded in amount five million dollars. No «suspicion ex-
isted with me that any portion of these bonds had been
paid and the money absti acted.
When Mr Swartwout's term of office expired, it becime
necessary to make a thorough examination of all outstand-
ing bonds, and to rendei abstracts for the delivery of the
same to his successor. This woik was completed, after
much labor, in the month of August last, and when the total
amount was ascet tamed, it was found to fall short of the
amount appearing due by the books of the office by £646,000.
This alarming cucumstance I mentioned to the cashier, Mi.
Ogden, and requested him to communicate the fact to Mr.
Swartwout On the following day, the ca*hier observed to
me that I had better inform Mr Swaitwout mvself of the
condition of the bonds I at once did so. He seemed
greatly surprised, and remarked that it must be impossible
that so large a deficiency could exist, and requested that the
account might be reexamined. It was accordingly reexam-
ined, and every bond found paid bv the rtcords of the office
was marked off Still the same deficiency existed A list
was thenprepated of all the bonds unchecked and unac-
counted for, and was placed on hie in the ofhee. Prior to
this, and duuug the reexamination, Mr. Swartwout sailed
for England
I aftetwards proceeded to close all his accounts, and to
prepare a final account current with the Treasmj, when
there appeared to be due from him io the United Stiles
$1 225,000 When this result was finally ascertained, I m~
tormed Mr. Hojt, the present collectoi, that h s accounts
would be delajed in consequence of gieat discrepancies in.
Mr. Swartwout's accounts
J. A. FLEMING, Audúoi.
