1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ^LO;
1«96
accept the best. It has been con sidered with a
great deal of care and amended and reamended,
and I believe now, under theadvi'ee of the board
that was sitting here, the bill is as near perfect
as it can be...,We have avoided putting any-
thing in the bill that the law provides now for
the safetjiSf passengers.
Mr. MORTON.' I have just one word to
say. Before Congress shall require every vessel
that goes to sea, large or small, steam vessel or
saijSng vessel, to be provided with this patent
apparatus, the price of which may be fixed by
the patentee, while it may be an excellent thing
for him, the Senate should not make a require-
ment of that kind upon all ship-owners without
being well satisfied jj^the first place that these
patents are valuable.
Mr. •OORBEil'! I think the Senator is
mistaken in supposing that it confines it to
any particular patent. It requires them to
carry a life-boat, and only in two cases does it
particularize as to any particular kind of life-
boat, and that is that they carry large num-
bers, eight and ten life-boats. We require
them to carry one self-bailing or self-relieving
boat, which is said to be a very desirable
boat; but if that is objectionable I will strike
it out. I will agree to an amendment to strike
that out if it is thought desirable.
Mr. NYE. I hope it will not be stricken
out.
Mr. CORBETT. I inquired of the inspect-
ors while they were here, and they said they
could not recommend this. We required in
the former bill a larger number of these self-
bailing, self-relieving life-boats, and they ad-
vised me not to require so many of them. It
might be modified in this way: "one of which
may be self-bailing or self-relieving," if that
would be satisfactory.
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be done.
This is a question in which there are more
people directly interested than in any ordinary
question that engages'the attention of the Sen-
ate. We have become a traveling people. I
have traveled by sea ten thousand miles a
year for almost eight years in succession. It
is a fact palpable to every one that the ship-
owners will not put the means upon their ships
for the preservation of human life unless they
are obliged by law to do it. There is no ques-
tion about it, they will not, as the Senator
from Indiana says, tax themselves, and they
cry out "patent rights,'' like the honorable
Senator, when the lives of countless thousands
depend upon this apparatus being on board
the ships.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
one word ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I am as much in favor as
the Senator is of making all the preparation
that can be to preserve human life. The sim-
ple question I made was whether, before we
require all ships, great and small, of all kinds,
to adopt these things, the Senate ought not to
be satisfied that they are in themselves excel-
lent.
Mr. NYE. That is what I am going to try
to satisfy the Senate of, so far as the amend-
ment I propose goes. I assert again that it is
a fact patent that these ship-owners will not
provide the means for the protection of life in
case of accideut at sea unless they are obliged
by law to do it. Take Francis's life-boat, and
every life-boat that has been made since the
time the first one was patented; it was not got
up by the ship owners, but the law compelled
them to buy it, and never till they were com-
pelled to do it did one of them buy it; and
they would not now if they could avoid it.
That patent life-boat is good for the purposes it
is intended for ; in case you can lower the boat
and get the passengers into it in time to save
their lives, it is very well ; but I repeat that
the first signal of danger is the dangerous mo-
ment attending a shipwreck, and then it is that
you want tills light apparatus by which each
person can take cure of himself and protect the
life of himself and others with him with a little
coolness. In such a moment, taking one of
40tii Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 95.
these cork mattresses, that no matter 'which
side is up is always taut and which" every way
it strikes is buoyant, it will hold up twelve per-
sons till the life-boats can belaunched,and these
men can be rescued from a watery grave before
it is too late.
Especially does this apply to the rivers. I
call the attention of the honorable • Senator
again to the appalling accident, which recently
occurred on the Ohio river, where within fif-
teen feet of the shore men and women were
burnt to a crisp and lost by hundreds. I ask
the honorable Senator, and I ask the Senate, if
they will not require this simple little apparatus
to be insisted upon. It is simply a maftress that
takes up no room on board ship. It is the bed
in which you sleep, supplied with water and
with bread. I submit that it is such an appa-
ratus as should be required to be carried for
public safety and for the individual safety of
those who embark on these dangerous crafts.
I have no interest in this patent right, and I
presume the honorable Senator did not -mean
to insinuate that I had.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not. •
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I never knew enough
to patent right anything; but I know enough
to want to save my life, and want the honorable
Senator to help me. If his neighbor has pat-
ented a thing that will save it, 1 want it to be
tried. ' If my friend was drowning he would
not stop to inquire whether the thing that could
save him was patented before he took hold
of it.
I rejoice in these inventions. It is the duty
of Congress to compel these passenger-carriers
on the ocean and river to provide for the safety
of passengers. That is the duty of Congress,
and I ask Congress to perform that duty,
whether it is acceptable to the ship-owners or
not. The owners will not pay for it, but you
and I who ride pay for it. The cost of fitting
it up is a part of the cost of the ship or of
the boat, and those who travel are assessed a
full quota in view of all the cost. One life
is worth more than a dozen mattresses or a
life boat, and the struggling victim from care-
lessness or accident upon the ocean waves
would sing praises to Congress if he had a
mattress to which he could hold that would not
sink when it was soaked with water. These life
preservers that the Senator from Kansas talks
about are good for nothing. If they aie made
of rubber one single spark of fire will let
them out so that they will not buoy up a fly.
Mr. MORTON. My friend'sargumentproves
everything except the point in issue, and that
is, before all the ship owners shall be obliged
to buy this patent some evidence should be
furnished that this self-bailing apparatus is
valuable.
Mr. NYE. I know nothing of self-bailing.
I am talking only about what I know of. I hope
the honorable Senator will do the same thing.
I do not know anything about these self-bailers.
Does the Senator.'
Mr. MORTON. No; I want to be informed.
Mr. NYE. I am not speaking of self-bailers,
but of cork mattresses that I do know some-
thnigabout. My friend from Oregon can amuse
us in regard to the self bailing apparatus. I
do not know anything about that.
Mr. President, I say again to the Senator
from Indiana that those ship-owners will not
furnish any life-saving apparatus unless Con-
gress imposes the duty upon them, and it is not
for the ship-owners to determine what is neces-
sary. It is for Congress, having the power
and m view of the responsibility that rests upon
them. For every ship that goes out freighted
with human beings Congress is responsible if
it does not compel the owners of that ship to
provide means for the safety of every passenger;
and Congress becomes guilty in this case, the
power being reposed in them, if they do not
exercise it.
If the honorable Senator from Indiana can
get a better thing than Golding's cork mattress
I am content to say '• Golding's cork mattress
or other aopliance answering the same pur-
pose." 1 have no objection to that modifica-
tkm:: I have no interest farthis matter ;'but"I
have found" lying on :iny. desk-f^mdeecT it'^vSfc
put irftd my hands S.yeafr agq-^-a" book tha't€
laid before the honorable Shatter, and tft$
moment I did so hfe cried out 1 '-Patent right/3
and dropped the book".. 'It'fa a'recoiiimeada-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury and-by
one of his ablest assistants. * If the honorable
Senator will read it he wil) know when this
improvement was patented,-if it ever was, and
he will see the shape of it.: "He 'will see its
beneficial effects; that" it, taTcesujrno room in
the shfp, and there is precisely the' trouble in
regard to the life-preserving apparatus.' The
owners of these ships want every in'ch of room
for-freight and passengers, and they will not
make room for these dead weights to protect
their passengers at sea. You may pat in the
law a requirement that they shall have' ten
life-boats and they will go with four or five'.
I have seen that myself frequently. ' I have
seen times when there was occasion'to use lifef-
boats and they were not to fee found. They
were not on board in compliance with the law.
Now, Mr. President, I have done'tny. duty.
If Senators here do hot think it is worth while
to protect human life on board steamships, be
it so, but no drowning man shall say to me
that I did not do what I could to save him.
Mr. CORBETT. I would suggest to the
Senator from Nevada whether the provision
already in the bill does not cover his case.
Mr. NYE. No ; it does not.
Mr. CORBETT. If we put in the bill a pro-
vision that some man's mattress shall be used,
then when some one else invents one that is
supposed to be better we must change the law.
Mr. NYB. Of course: anditouglit to be done.
Mr. CORBETT. The bill is'now framed in
such a way that it will admit of any patent or
any improvement that may be considered the
best.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Oregon
whether there is anything which says they must
carry any kind of a mattress ?
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose they have to
carry mattresses for the people to sleep on.
Mr. NYE. But it does not say so.
Mr. CORBETT. There is no law that re-
quires that, I believe, but it is customary I
think to carry a mattress.
Mr. NYE. What I want to know of the
honorable Senator who has this bill in charge
is to tell m  whether there is anything in it
about a cork mattress. I am willing to strike
out Golding's name. I do not care anything
about Golding, but I think we should require
such a mattress to be carried. Let me illus-
trate by the case of a steamer going to Cali-
fornia on which the Senator and I have often
traveled. There were four or five of us in the
state-room. Suppose we had two of these mat-
tresses in the state-room and a collision or
accident should occur; we could go over into
the Pacific ocean with perfect safety and wait
until the regular appliance could be lowered to
save us. Take the case of the burning of the
Golden Gate when it burned from the center
each way and drove the people maddened to
death. I ask the honorable Senator if they had
had these mattresses would not every one of
them have been saved?
Mr. CORBETT. I have traveled during
the past eighteen years between here and the
Pacific coast from time to time ; I have made
a great many trips; and I think I am as desirous
of saving my lite and the lives of the passen-
gers traveling on that route and other routes
as any other person ; and I have amended this
bill in such manner that I think it will coyer
the entire case. If wc amend it by inserting
a requirement that some particular patent shall
be used other amendments will be proposed
in the House to adopt somebody else s mat-
tress, and it will prevent the bill from passing.
I am sure we cannot puss the bill if we par-
ticularize the different patents which shall be
used. The bill as it now stands provides that
the inspectors shali authorize the substitution,
for the portion of such life-boats diminished,
life-rafts or other contrivance to insure the
