1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
university buildings and medical and philo-
sophical apparatus by fire or otherwise,' in
]8(i2 and 1868, while the buildings were Oc*cu-
pied as a hospital for United States troops, be
referred to the "Court of Claims to determ-
ine the. facts of such damages,. the liability
of the United States to pay for-the same, and
the amount of dan.ages, if any, for which the
Government, is so liable. '
■ Mr. CONKLING. The 'resolutioti speaks
of damages " by fire or otherwise." I wish
the Senator would bi' kind' enough to state
what thfet embraces. •
Mr. C'GliE. " When the buildings'used by the
Kentucky University were taken possession of
by the United States forces in pursuance of
an, order of the commanding office? of; the de-
partment for hospital purposes, some of the
apparatus, all of it I presume, belonging to the
establishment, was taken out an$ rudely han-
dled, and much broken, and one very import-
ant piece of apparatus which cost, as is al-
leged, SI,000 in Paris, was .almost, entirely
destroyed. There were damages .arising in
that way to the apparatus belonging to the
university. After the building, was so' used
for hospital- purposes,- and,! as is alleged, in
consequence of carelessness on the part; of th(^-
offieers iti charge, the building took fire- and
Was entirely'destroye'd1.' -Th'e'committee think
it-best to refer'the case to the Court '6T"Claims
on the questions of la'#-and the facts-for a
report-%fter'testimony has been taken on both
sides.' ■ -
Mr. DA'VIS. I will state to ths honorable
Senator from New York that the resolution
does not decide that the Government is re-
sponsible at all. The liability of the Gov-
ernment is to be passed upon -by the Court of
Claims. The court is to say whether there is
any obligation on the Government to pay any
damages, and if they find that the Government
is bound to pay damages the question of the
amount of damages is to be referred to the
court and decided by the court on testimony
taken. I think there can be no difficulty;, or
doubt that the interests of the Goverpinent
will be properly cared for.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will state, in a word, Iagreed
to report this resolution to the Senate. The
University of'Kentucky claiips that some of
their buildings were taken by military orders
and -for military use as a hospital, and that
while they were so used some of their appa-
ratus was destroyed, and one of their buildings
was burned, as they say, in consequence of
the careless use to which the building was put
by those who had possession of it. 'Now, the
question whether the Govern ment is liable at all
for those damages is a question of mixed law
and fact. I suppose, the Government would
not be liable for a destruction 'of the building
by lire unless that destruction happened through
the wanton or eareless use of it. That is a very
difficult question to'try. The committee has
to try all these cases upon testimony in the
main cx parte. It see'ined to the committee
better that the question should bte'tried before
a court where both parties are represented, and
where testimony is taken in the ordinary way.
That tribunal is just as competent to determine
the question: of law as we are, and has better
opportunities for settling the questions of fact.
For these reasons this resolution -was agreed
to by the committer, and it will be seen that
the-resolution is so drawn as not to concede
any liability on any state of facts against the
Government. Bat the Court of Claims takes
itto determine upon the law as it stands and
upon the.faets as they shall be presented to that
cotfrt on the question of liability. It seemed
to be the safer tribunal, and therefore I agreed
to it.
Mr. CONKLING. ' Mr. President, this reso-
lution has not been printed, and I think it has
not been amiss that attention is called to it.
It proposes,-as the Senate will see, a very great
innovation. By existing laws the Court of
•Claims can take-no cognte&nce, as I under'
stand,-, of-any damages "alleged . to -havebeen
done to real estate ; and of course hotfthece-
40th (Jonu. 3d Sess.—No. 48.
fore,tobuildings which are a pftrtof-the reality.
The explanation by theJionor&bl#8enator'fM>m •
California would indicate thstfc:the purpose wds-
to have the Conft'of ClfriiAsdetermitke-whsth«r
the medical tad philosophical apparatus of this
university had-"t>eeli injured-tinder such oir
cumstanees that the>Unrte<i States ought to pay
for that injury, and if so, h w mtfohk Y-etthe
resolution is clear 'to-the p-ttrjfose "of "clothing
the'Court of Claimswith a much broader juris-
diction than that1; 'and I ask the attention of
honorable Senators to the fact that the court"
is to-investigate whether the real estate* has
ever been" injured-" by'fire or-othetwise;" so
that compensation should" be made, and ifsO,
how much." The language' is:
" That the claim of the regents and curators of the
Kentucky University lor damages to their university
buildings and medical and philosophical lU'Viar^tu-;
by fire or otherwise in 1§62 aud 1863, while,said build-
ings were occupied as a hospital for United States
troops, be, and the same is hereby, "referred," &ev
First, then,;the Senate will'-observe that,-in
spite of existing law, it is proposad-to" refer to
the Court of Claim's a question concerning
damages* to real estate, which now expressly
is Withdrawn -from' the jurisdiction' of that
court'; - and seeorrd, Sen-ate will observe
that the-tribunal is ttf proceed to: inquire, not
only as to the medical and philosophical appa*
ratus, -and not only as to the damage done by
fire-to the building, but as to damage arising
"otherwise." I inquire of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether that would not
embrace occupation?
Mr. HOWE. -Yes, Mr. President, unques-
tionably, it would refer to any sort of damage
however occasioned. Let me ask the Senator
from New York, in reply, on& question,-and
let me also make one suggestion". • He is per-
fectly right iu saying that'this is outside of
existing law; and clearly if the existing laws
authorized them to appeal to the "Court of
Claims with this claim there would be'no
occasion for this resolution. They' coiild go
there. But now I wish the'Senator from New
York'would address himself to this one con-
sideration : they "have the" right to make the
claim; which is the safest tribunal to determine
that claim, this to which they have an undoubted
right -.0 come, or the'Court of Claims, to which
joint resolution proposes to refer them ?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 am not prepared to
differ with the honorable Senator on that, ques-
tion ; but I beg, in reply, to ask of him-an
answer to the suggestion which I will now
make. If the occupation of this real estate is
to be referred to the Court of Claims,-why
should the statute stand debarring"all others
from going with the same sort of claim to the
satn-e tribunal? : There was a reason for enact-
ing that the Coart<o'f Claims should not con-
sider any,case whatever based upon a claim of
damages for injury done to real estate. If that
reason has ceased I submit the statute ought
to be repealed. If the statute is ri£bt as it
stands, then lam unable to discover any excep-
tional element in this case which should carry
it to the Court of Claims wlijle allother claim-
ants are debarred from going there.
Mr.-HOVVJ3. Allow me to remind the Sen-
ator that the statute only excludes this class of
claims simply because it does not include them.
When the jurisdiction- Of the Court of Claims
was defined by statute words were used which
did not include such claims as this.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don. By a statute more recent than that. Con-
gress has declared absolutely and positively
that the court shall not" take jurisdiction of
any ease in which damages to real estate are
claimed. I have not the statute at hand ; but,
the Senator may rely on it that there is such a
statute as that on the books, an express, posi-
tive inhibition to take jurisdiction of any such
claim as in part this is.
Mr. H0WB. To what statute does the
Senator refer ?
-Mr. CONKLING. 1 will find it and- Wind
it to the Senator within a very few. aiimiuwti
Although I have not .at hand tfaeWfefiseiwKch
contains it, 4 can -find iumdsufciiiu -tefcAto?
atid I will'«loBO. Now, Mr. President, I venture
to suggest at least'this amendment,-to which
I"thi6k" there will be-no tShjection": that the
words-'-'"by fire" be inserted in- the third line
after'the word " buildings," fed as to make the
resolution read1'"for dartia'ges to their uni-
versity-buildtngs by fire, and to their medical
and philosophical apparatus by'fire or other-
wise." It seems-to me that we ought-tiot to
refer- to the Court, of Claims a proposition to
determine how much should be paid by the
UnitedStates for occupying real estate by their
troops. !• think if aliy case should-be- made
an exception to this general statute it ought
not to be that case-—the occupation of "real
estate By troops.
Mr. HOWE. I will only say in reference to
that amendment that 1 do not think there is
any particular objection to it. My understand-
ing is, though- I- may not be correct about it,
that the rent for the use and occupation of the
building has been paid. P&rhaps the Senator
from Kentucky ma^ know how that is.
Mr. DAVIS.' I.do not know how that feet
is; but, as for myself, I have no objection ;to
the amendment proposed by the Senator;fram
New York. 1
Mr. HOWE. I was about to add that I
think the Senator from New York would agree
that if we send the claimants to the Court of
Claims for anything that court may just as
well settle the whole claim as a part of it. If
we occupied the building we are undoubtedly
bound to pay for the occupancy of it, for the
.use of it, if we have not paid for it; aud Lean
see no sort of reason iu, sfendijig them,to the
Court of Claims lor damages by the destruction
of the. building and refuse to allow the court,
at the same timev-,to settle the .amount they
may be entitled to for the use of the building.
If the court, is going to take jurisdiction of a
part why not of the whole? I think even with
the amendment of the Senator from New Yoik
it will have jurisdiction of all the elaini they
make, for my impression is they have.been
paid for the use of the house. In -that point
of view and. for that reason I am quite indif-
ferent as to the amendment. Still, I see no
sort of use that the amendment can subserve
in any event.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on jGlaims
whether there is not an,-existing law, general
in its character, forbidding the Court of Claims
to take cognizance of such cases as this?
Mr. UO WIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, Mr-. President, I must
confess this is rather an extraordinary proceed-
ing to undertake to rush a resolution of this
kind through without having imprinted, with-
out any time for consideration, i-a /avoc of an
institution in the State of'Kentucky. I think
there dre.a great many elairas-in other States
in this,country of much less disputable loyalty
than the State of Kentucky that ought to be
taken into consideration before this_ is. I do
not compiehend this matter of barring out all
the rest of the country from the Court of Claims
in cases of this kind and admitting a Kentucky
institution there as a matter of grace and favqr
before all the rest. I hope-that no such.thing
will be done by the Senate.. There are plenty
of institutions in the State of Missouri, institu-
tions of learning, academies, and others, whose
buildings were used during the war and very
seriously injured, some of them destroyed.
You shut them out from the Court of Claims,
and, forsooth.-^dmit an institution hei'e from
the State of Kentucky, as-if the State of Ken-
tucky were- entitled to preeminence above all
the other borderStatesin matters of this kind.
Mr. HOWE. - I can relieve the Senator's
difficulty on -thaf point. This university of
Kentuckyhas-nOt asked to be sent to the Court
of Claims. - They say we owe them, and they
come here, as all similar claimants are left to
come - here by the law as it stands, to ask for
their pay. Upon examining the case we made
ur>- one minds that with our. ttiodes of taking
testimony we could not safely «,et upon the.mat-
ter; that we 'should imperit the public inter-
