1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
Resolutions adopted at a meeting of citizens
<of Colatnbus, Georgia, settingforth the troubled
condition of affairs in that State, and praying
the intervention of Congress for the protection
of loyal persons;
A petition of citizens of Georgia, praying
Aat the reconstruction acts may be enforced,
to the end that the Legislature be purged of
members illegally elected, and that those duly
elected be restored to their seats therein ;
A petition of Charles R. Pate, of Georgia,
praying that protection may be extended to
Unrou men of that State ;
A petition of citizens of Georgia, praying
that section three of the eleventh article may
be stricken from the constitution of that State,
and that protection be afforded from the out-
rage upon their legal rights attempted to be
imposed by that section, and that officers not
elected under the reconstruction acts may be
declared not eligible;
Resolutions adopted by the National 'Union
Republican Association -of Georgia, approving
the action of the National Union Republican
!party against the repudiation of the national
indebtedness ; approving the adoption <}f the
fourteenth article to the Constitution of the
United States; approving the policy of Gov-
ernor Bullock, and in relation to the expulsion
■of the colored members from the Legislature
of that State ; indorsing the platform of the
National Republican party adopted at Chi-
cago ; and that Hon. Joshua Hill and Hon.
H. V. M. Miller may not be admitted to scats
in the Senate as Senators from that State ; and
A memorial of the Corn and Flour Exchange
of Baltimore city, against any further post-
ponement of the fifty-per-ceut. clause of the
present bankrupt law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The -same committee,
•to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1987) to define felonies and misdemeanors and
■regu late peremptory chall enges, have instructed
me to report it back adversely, and with the
recommendation that it do not pass. The
•statutes already provide, in the opinion of the
committee, for challenges in such cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1624) to preserve the purity of elections in
the several Territories of the United States,
have instructed me to report it back and to
•move that it He on the table, upon the ground
that there is not sufficient time during the pres-
ent session, owing to the pressure of business,
to mature, perfect, and pass the bill; although
the committee are in favor of the principle of
it, which is to have a registration law to pro-
tect the ballot-box in the Territories. It is
only because there is not sufficient time to
•mature and perfect it that they report at this
time that it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to report back
to the Senate, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, the bill (H. R. No. 65) for the
relief of William McGarrahan, with the accom-
panying papers and an adverse written report,
signed by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Ferry] and myself. I understand that the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] .and
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Saw-
yer] propose to submit a report on the other
.side, and the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] refuses to take any part whatever in
the decision ; so that, under these circum-
stances, it is impossible for the committee to
make any gpeeifie recommendation at. the
subject, and the whole matter, therefore, is
referred to the Senate. I ask to have the
report printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to state that a
portion of the Committee on Private Land
Claims dissent from the conclusions of the re-
port presented, and propose during the day to
•submit a report, which is now being copied.
Mr. SAWYER subsequently submitted the
wiews of the minority of the CommiHee-on Pri-
vate Land Claims on the bill (H. fi. No. 65)
for the relief of William McGarrahan ; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 1046) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works, and for other purposes, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills and joint reso-
lutions, reported adversely thereon:
A bill (S. No. 21) to authorize and provide
for the construction of a military and postal
road from Galveston, in the State of Texas,
to Fort Gibson, in the Indian territory, with
a branch to Little Rock, in Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 387) concerning the liability
of ship-owners, maritime liens, salvage, and
the jurisdiction in admiralty;
A bill (S. No. 504) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the warehousing system by
establishing bonded warehouses, and lor other
(purposes
A bill (S. No. 523) to regulate the appoint-
ment and promotion of consular clerks:
A bill (S. No. 525) to authorize the estab-
lishment of custoirs ports-of delivery on the
Pacific coast of the United States, and for
other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 572) to incorporate the Island
City Harbor Company;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) authoriz-
ing the issue of a new register to the Ameri-
can-built schooner Milton Badger;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 44) relating to
the sale of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) to authorize
the leasing of certain real estate in San Fran-
cisco.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, memo-
rials, and resolutions, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to:
The petition of Thomas Dickerson, praying
the intervention of Congress to protect all per-
sons engaged in navigation from illegal exac-
tions by the various tonnage tax laws imposed
by States, cities, and sea-port towns;
The memorial of Albert Elmore, collector
of customs at Mobile, Alabama, praying an
increase of the compensation of inspectors;
The memorial -of the Hannibal and St.
Joseph, Toledo, and Wabash, and the Chi-
cago, Burlington, and Quincy Railroad Com-
panies, relative to bridges across the Mississippi
river;
Resolutions of the Legislature of California,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor of San Diego;
A petition of citizens of California, praying
an appropriation of $30,000 for turning San
Diego river into False bay;
The petition of F. A. Merrill, praying that
an American register be granted to the bark
Carlotta ;
The memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, in favor of an appropriation for the pur-
pose of building a light-house <on tke point of
the reef at Bailey'-s harbor;
A petition of assistant engineers of the Uni-
ted States revenue service, praying that assist-
ant engineers of the United States revenue
service may receive full and formal commis-
sions, to which their positions and the services
required of them entitle them, as amarkof rank
and as a distinction from other officers made
simply by appointment or warrant, and for a
revision >of the laws relative to the distribution
of prize money among revenue officers so as to
include them according to rank among thoso
entitled to receive it;
The memorial of Thomas E. Trueworthy,
ipraying an appropriation of $100,000 to him
for the purpose of removing obstructions to
the navigation of the Colorado river ; and
A petition froi  certain Hungarian citizens
of the United States, praying for the establish-
ment of aJJnited States consulate general at
Buda-Pesth.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the report
of the committee be concurred in with regard
to the bills reported adversely, so as to have
them indefinitely postponed, that they may not
go on the Calendar.
Mr. NYE. The effect of that is to send
them over to.the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can-
not be done. It leads to debate every time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I ask uuanimoas
consent that the motion be pat.
Mr. SUMNER. It makes no difference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1808) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, reported it without amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1880) to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the.Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee oa
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of James F. Joy, reported a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 236) for the relief of James Y.
Joy; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
post office at omaha.
Mr. THAYER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into tho expedi-
ency of providing for tho crootioa of a post-effice
building at Omaha, Nebraska.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President of lire
United States had this day approved and signed
the bill (S. No. 935) to provide for a term of
the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Vermont.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating information of
his compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 13th of January last, requesting the
President to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to detail an officcr to select from the public
lands such prominent points upon the coast
of Oregon, Washington Territory, and Alaska,
as in his judgment may be necessary for light-
house purposes, in view of the future commer-
cial necessity of the Pacific coast; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
message from the ii0¥se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clixton Lloyd, ifs Chief Clerk,
announced that he had been directed by the
House, in compliance with a request of the Sen-
ate, to return the joint resolution (S. R. No.
228) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to admit free of duty certain submarine tele-
graph cable.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2003) to authorize
the county commissioners of Adacounty, Idaho,
to select a site for a territorial prison, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
site for jail in idaho.
Mr. NYE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the bill which has just
been sent to us from the House of Representa-
tives with regard to the selection of a site for
a prison in Idaho Territory. I he bill makes no
appropriation. The appropriation is already
made. Unless the bill is passed now theywiil
have to wait for two years from this time.
Bv unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2003) to authorize the county commissioners o/
Ada county, Idaho, to select a site far a terri-
torial prison, was read three times, and passed
