1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlf.
am
interests at.least equally important and equally
deserving the consideration of Congress. In-
deed, it is" difficult to find any reason which
will justify the interference of Government with
any legitimate industry, except so far as .may
be rendered necessary by the requirements of
the revenue. As has already been stated, how-
ever, the legislative intervention proposed in
the present instance will diminish, not increase,
the public receipts.
The enactment of such a law is urged as
necessary for the relief of certain mining in-
terests upon Lake Superior, which, it is al-
leged, are in a greatly depressed condition,
and can only be sustained by ah enhancement
of the price of copper. If this result should
follow the passage of the Bill a tax for the
exclusive benefit of a single class would be im-
posed upon the consumers of copper through-
out the entire country not warranted by. any
need of the Government, and the avails of
which would not in any degree find their way
into the Treasury of the nation. If the miners
of Lake Superior are in a condition of want
it cannot be justly affirmed that the Govern-
ment should extend charity to them in prefer-
ence to those of its citizens who in other por-
tions of the country suffer in like manner from
destitution. Least of all should the endeavor
to aid them be based upon a method so uncer-
tain and indirect as that contemplated by the
bill, and which moreover proposes to con-
tinue the exercise of its benefaction through
an indefinite period of years. It is, besides,
reasonable to hope that positive suffering from
want, if it really exists, will prove but tempo-
rary in a region where agricultural labor is so
much in demand and so well compensated. A
careful examination of the subject appears to
show that the present low price of copper,
which alone has induced any depression the
mining interests of Lake Superior may have
recently experienced, is due to causes which
it is wholly impolitic, if not impracticable, to
contravene by legislation. These causes are,
in the main, an increase in the general supply
of copper, owing to the discovery and working
of remarkably productive mines, and to a co-
incident restriction in the consumption and
use of copper, by the substitution of other and
cheaper metals for industrial purposes. It is
now sought to resist, by artificial means, the
action of natural laws; to place the people of
the United States, in respect to the enjoyment
and use of an essential commodity, upon a dif-
ferent basis from other nations, and especially
to compensate certain private and sectional in-
terests for the changes and losses which are
always incident to industrial progress.
Although providing for an increase of duties,
the proposed law does not even come within the
range of protection in the fair acceptation of
the term. It does not look to the fostering of
a young and feeble interest, with a view to the
ultimate attainment of strength and the capa-
city of self-support. It appears to assume that
the present inability for successful production
is inherent and permanent, and is more likely
to increase than to be gradually overcome; yet
in spite of this it proposes by the exercis'e of
the law-making power to sustain that interest,
and to impose it in hopeless perpetuity as a
tax upon the competent and beneficent indus-
tries of the country.
The true method for the mining interests of
Lake Superior to obtain relief, if relief is
needed, is to endeavor to make their great nat-
ural resources fully available by reducing the
cost of production. Special or class legisla-
tion cannot remedy the evils which this bill is
designed to meet. They can only be overcome
by laws which will effect a wise, honest, and
economical administration of the Government,
a reestablishment of the specie standard of
value, and an early adjustment of our system
of State, municipal, and national taxation,
(especially the latter,) upon the fundamental
principle that all taxes, whether collected under
the internal revenue or under a tariff, shall in-
terfere as little as possible with the productive
energies of the people.
The bill is therefore returned, in the belief
that the true interests of the Government and
of the people require that it should not becooie
a, law. ANDREW JOHNSON:
Washington, D. C., February 22, I860,;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* ■ !phe ques-
ts,-' i Shall the Bill.pass, the objections of ihe
Presidentof the United States to the contrary
notwithstanding?" and on that question the
Clerk will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 12; as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Drake,* Fre-
linghuysen, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morgan, Morrill of Yermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Sawyer. Sherman, Spencer,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Wade, Warner, Welch,
Willey, and Williams—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Dixon, Ferry,
Fessenden, Grimes, MeCroery, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Vickers, and Whyte—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Cragin, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Fowler, Henderson, Hendricks,
Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Wilson, and
Yates—16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas are 38 and the nays are 12.
Two thirds of the Senators present voting in
the affirmative, the bill is passed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now call up the special
order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 231) providing for the reporting and
publication of the debates in Congress. It
reads as follows:
Revolved by the Senate and Wante of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the Congressional Printer is hereby authorized
and directed, on and from the 4th day of March, 1869,
to report and publish the debates in Congress under
the direction of the joint Committee on Public
Printing.
Sec. '2. And be it farther enacted; That for the pur-
pose aforesaid there shall be appropriated and paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated  dollars,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, at the
close of the last session of Congress, in an
appropriation bill, was a section repealing from
and after the 4th of March, 1869, all acts au-
thorizing the publication of the congressional
debates, and directing the joint Committee on
Printing to invite proposals for the publication
of the actual proceedings and debates in Con-
gress upon a plan and specifications to be pre-
viously published by them, and to ascertain
the cost of such publication by the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, and to report as
soon as practicable such proposals and esti-
mate of cost to Congress.
In conformity with this direction of Con-
gress the joint Committee on Printing invited
proposals and instructed the Congressional
Printer, who has succeded to the office of Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, to make esti-
mates of the cost of printing the debates in the
Government Printing Office. Only two pro-
posals were received. One was received from
the present contractors, Rives & Bailey. The
other was received from Mr. Crowell, of New
York. It is but fair to say in the beginning
that the Congressional Globe by Rives &
Bailey has been printed to the entire satisfac-
tion of Congress. The work has been done well
and promptly, and we have had no complaint
of it. Like good air and good water and good
health, we do not hear anything about it until
we begin to miss it. It is reported that they
have made a large sum of money out of their
contract, and I suppose it is true. It is very
proper that they should. Men who putin capi-
tal and skill and business ability and integrity
ought to make money.
The proposals of Mr. Crowell are accompa-
nied with abundant testimonials of his ability,
professional, mechanical, and pecuniary, to
transact the business.
The bid of the present contractors is con-
siderably larger than either of the others. The
other proposal is so near that of the Congres-
sional Printer that the difference, ig not worth
estimating.There is $10,000 difference in tie
bids. ' _ - . ,
' Under these circumstances the eommitfee,
not agreeing entirely as to the best mode of pro-
ceeding with the work, directed • me to report
two joint resolutions, one- of which has just
been read. My own judgment is that the will
of Congrijs,s will be best carried out by giving
this work to the Government Printer. If it is
to be taken from the present contractors (and
there is a, responsible bid'considerably lower
than theirs) it seems to me it should be done
by the Government Printer, unless there is a
considerable difference between "his estimate
and the bid of the lowest con tracted- Thediffer-
ence is very small indeed. We have a Gov-
ernment Printing Office which has worked very
well—has been, we think, the means of saving
large sums of money to the Government; and
if we print anything there I do not inow why
we should not print the.-Glpbe there as well as
anything else. ;
I anticipate that any change will cause con-
siderable annoyance to Congress, and especially
to those who will probably be charged with the
immediate oversight of it. I look with a good
deal of apprehension, if it should please the
Senate to keep me for the next two years in the
place where I am now, to the troubles we shall
have from any change. But these are the days
of economy, and the bid of Rives & Bailey is
much higher than either of the others.
Mr. PERRY. What is the difference ? How
much would be saved by a change ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The bid of Messrs. Rives &
Bailey is according to report $389,000 against
the estimate of the Congressional Printer of
$276,000. But these figures are subject to
considerable reductions; and I think the dif-
ference between the two bids, making the
proper corrections, is about fifty-five or sixty
thousand dollars a Congress ; that is, for two
years.
Mr. WHYTE. May I ask the chairman of
the committee whether or not in that $55,000
there is not a difference of some $20,000 in
regard to the binding.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; my estimate deducts
the binding. Leaving out the binding and the
paper—the paper being an uncertain item and
the binding being estimated by the Congres-
sional Printer so much lower than by .either
of the other bidders that it would probably be
for the interest of the Government to have it
done at the printing office as it is now—leav-
ing out both of these items I think the differ-
ence is about what I stated ; but my friend
from Maryland, who has investigated this mat-
ter carefully, may have the exact figures, and
if so I should defer to them.
Mr. GRIMES. What do you recommend?
Mr. ANTHONY. That the work be given
to the Congressional Printer, with very great
doubts whether any system can be initiated
that will give so much satisfaction as the one
we have now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How much will it save?
Mr. ANTHONY. Fifty-five or sixty thou-
sand dollars a Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is two years ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir. The saving
will be fifty-five or sixty thousand dollars on
the Thirty-Ninth Congress. It is rather more
than that now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the estimate ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The estimate is consid-
erably more than that, and the reductions to
which I have referred reduce the amount. _
Mr. WHYTE. As a member of the joint
Committee on Printing I deem H proper to
offer a substitute for the resolution which is
now before the Senate, and I send it to the
desk and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to strike out all of the reso-
lution after the resolving clause and insert the
following:
That the joint Committee of Congress on Publio
Printing is hereby authorized to contract, on behalf
of the General Government, with Elves & Bailey
for the reporting and publishing of the debates in
