mcr
ffii CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
'ifcm&rt88 fbrthe teriSi of two years on and from the
#hdsy ofMar<5h.l86&, in aceordanoe with tie prop*
Oeition submitted by them, (excluding paper and
binding:) Provided, That before the United States
shall becaUect on to pay for any reporting or pub-
lication of tho debates the aocounts therefor shall
he submitted to tho jointCommittee on Public Print-
ing, or such other officer or officers of Congress as
t-hoy may designate; and on their or his approbation
thereof, as feeing in ail respects according to the con-
tracts, it shall he paid for from the Treasury of the
United States, after having passed to the proper
accounting officers thereof.
-6kc, 2. And be it further resolved. That in Gase the
joint Committee on Public Printing are unable to
conclude a contract with said Rives & Bailey, or that
tiioy be unable to fulfill any contract that they may
•make, the joint Committee on Printing be authorized
io have the debates reported and printed under tho
direction of the Congressional Printer at the Govertf-
t Prin li ik? 0 iiice.
- ;fc>EC, -3. And be t/ further resolved. That for the pur-
aforesaid there be appropriated and paid out
M any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
inflated  dollart.
Mr. WHYTE. Before proceeding to make
a> very brief statement to the Senate in regard
to this matter of printing, I move that the time
of the morning hour be extended twenty min-
utes in order to enable me to dispose of this
matter.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that motion will not
Toe made until the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations shall come in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no doubt that by
common consent this matter will be allowed to
go on after the expiration of the morning hour.
It is a subject that we must dispose of.
Mr. WHYTE. With that understanding I
■will proceed. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing has stated, between this
time and the 4th of March it is necessary for
the two Houses of Congress to determine in
what manner the reporting and publication
of their debates must be continue'd, whether
by a new contract with some contractor or
by directing its execution at the Government
Printing Office under the supervision of the
Congressional Printer. The last act, under
which the present contract with Rives & Bailey
was made, was passed on the 4th of July,
1864, (Statutes-at-Large, p. 392ofvol. 13.) By
a subsequent act of Congress (vol. 14, p. 470,
sec. 11) notice was given that on the 3d of
March, 1869, this contract should cease, and
on the 20th of July, 1868, all the laws on the
subject were repealed, and the contract ends
with the present Congress. It is therefore
absolutely necessary, if it is in contemplation
to continue this parliamentary history of our
country, that some immediate action should
be had in the premises.
It seems to me to be utterly idle to consider
Mr. Crowelt's proposition, to undertake at this
late moment to make a contract with a private
individual from a distant city, unprepared with
presses and type, buildings and materials, re-
porters and proof-readers, and all the other
paraphernalia of such an undertaking, for the
execution of this work, beginning on the first
day of the session of the Forty-First Congress.
In the brief statement which I wish to make
I shall not, therefore, consider the bid of Mr.
Crowell, whose Christian name is as uncertain
as are his proposals, for he appears on page 5
of the report of the committee as John T.,
Joseph 1., and W. T. I do not think it at
all consistent with prudence or common sense
ior the small difference between his bid and the
estimate of the Congressional Printer to em-
bark upon- a sea of uncertainty with so import-
ant a work before us.
The whole matter seems to me to resolve
itself into the inquiry whether we should for a
small sum and in a spasm of retrenchment
abandon a long-tried and successful mode of
presenting to the people a full and authentic
report of the congressional debates and enter
up n a new mode; that is, the reporting and
publication of the debates under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Printer at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office.
It is true the estimate of the Congressional
Printer and the amount paid to the contractors
?r f Congress are both appa-
rently far below the present proposal of liives
<£ Uauey, but aolose examination of the items ,
in detail shows the difference between the two
last estimates really to be about twenty-six
thousand dollars a Congress, or $13,000 a year.
The report of the committee, made in pursu-
ance of the resolution of July 20, 1868, on
page 5, shows the estimates to be as follows:
liives & Bailey $389,454 99
J. T. Crowell  261,149 30
Congressional Printer   270,494 84
for two sessions of Congress.
This estimate is made upon the basis of the
cost of the Daily and Congressional Globe for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Now, the reason why the proprietors of the
Globe continued the work at the old prices for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress was because of the
sale of sets of back numbers for new members,
which is to terminate on the 4th of March next.
If, then, you add to the amount paid them
for the current work of that Congress the sum
of $49,000 for these back numbers, the amount
would stand thus:
Hives & Bailey, (page 3 of Report No. 248.)
A. Paid for quarto Globes $156,939 70
B. Paid for Daily Globes  66,520 89
C. Back sets..
223,460 59
49,000 00
D. Extra compensation to reporters..
It leaves amount paid 
272,460 59
16,000 00
$288,460 59
Now, then, take their proposals, made to the joint
committee, for the future, thus  §389,454 96
Deduct from this the new service required,
to wit, 500 Daily Globes at  S9,000 00
Binding 84,152 volumes  66.0S9 32
  75,059 32
. , , , ^ 311,395 64
And then take the amount paid for Thirty-
Ninth Congress    258,460 59
And we have an excess of..
$25 935 05
The Senate will perceive that under a new
contract all the demand for back numbers is
cut off, and the stereotype plates used for the
past work will be lost to the contractors, and
yet they are required to do some seventy-five
to eighty thousand dollars' worth of additional
work, besides which, under the eight-hour sys-
tem enforced by congressional legislation, a
very considerable burden has been placed upon
these contractors.
To save this sum, then, it is proposed to take
the work from the present contractors and have
it done at the Government Printing Office.
It is conceded on all sides that the Govern-
ment office is not large enough for this pur-
pose and would have to be enlarged, and in
addition, although no estimate is made of such
an expense, can it be doubted that new officers
at high salaries will be required to supervise all
this work, and by this means a large sum added
to the estimate of the Congressional Printer? '
No estimate of this additional expense is ^
made by Mr. Defrees, but who doubts that the !
moment you put this vast work in the Govern- 1
ment Printing Office you are to create t.ew |
officers to take charge of it at high salaries:
proof-readers, superintendents, superintend-
ents of thereportorial corps, &c., with enor-
mous salaries? for it is not pretended that the
force now employed at the Government Print-
ing Office can discharge this additional service.
I do not mean the compositors, but I mean the
force of supervisors, of superintendents. With-
out knowing how many new officers—for there
is no estimate of that; all that is left out of
view—you will have to create to discharge their
respective duties under this new proceeding,
without knowing the salaries that they will de-
mand—and every man who knows anything of
the salaries paid now to printers and to foremen
of composing-rooms and press-rooms, &c.,
knows that these men demand and receive high
and sometimes exorbitant salaries, because
they are men highly educated in their profes-
sion without any estimate of all these items
we are asked to commence a new system to
save a paltry sum that will not be missed.
- ^ sure, from what I have learned
in the investigation which it was my bounden
duty to make as a member of the joint Com-
mittee on Printing that I might faithfully re-
port to the Senate what I had learned upon
the subject, that the estimate for binding is
made too low by the Congressional Printer.
He estimates the binding at fifty-two cents, and
I am satisfied it cannot possibly be done at that
price. Seventy-eight cents is the price which
all the binders seem to consider as the fair and
proper one.
And, remarkable to say, in an estimate made
by an officer of the Government—made by the
Congressional Printer, into whose hands it is
sought to confide this highly important work
of reporting the debates and proceedings of
Congress—I find no estimate whatever for the
folding of the quarto Globe, although if Sen-
ators will look at the report of the committee
they will find that for the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress the sum of $8,479 09 was paid for fold-
ing alone. There is not one farthing estimated
for that item on which lhat amount was paid
for the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and no explana-
tion upon his part as to why it is not there.
Senators will see that I state it correctly v.
they will look upon page 3 of the report of
the committee No. 248. Eight thousand four
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and nine-
cents is the amount; and if they will look a!
the Congressional Printer's estimate on page
4, not one dollar is estimated for that work.
One third of the difference, one third of the
$25,000 for which I have shown these con-
tractors at present offer to do the work exceed-
ing what they received for the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, is explained by this item, which is
not included in the estimate.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to i nqnire o?
my friend from Maryland what is the ditference'
between the contract price of the Globe pro-
prietors and the estimated cost by the Public
Printer and the proposition made by Mr;
Crowell?
Mr. WHYTE. The difficulty of coming at
that is, that the Congressional Printer has made-
the estimate in such a way that I have had to-
dissect it._ I say there is a very material differ-
ence in his estimate from the estimate made-
by the Globe contractors, and a much less suns
on Mr. Crowell's part, less even than the Con-
gressional Printer. The difference, I suppose^-
is about forty thousand dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that the revised
estimates of Mr. Crowell, makingthe necessary
deduction for stereotyping, which was put-into-
the Congressional Printer's estimate and no#
into Mr. Crowell's estimate, reduced the esti-
mate of the Congressional Pi inter a little below
that of Mr. Crowell, but the difference is very
small either way.
Mr. WHYTE. I was speaking of the esti-
mate as reported. I have seen this morning
for the first time a correction by Mr. Crowell
of his bid.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. WHYTE. A very great difference. He
makes a difference of not less, if I remember
correctly, than $16,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. About sixteen thousand
dollars.
Mr. MORTON. Below the Globe?
Mr. WHYTE.^ No; above his former bid.
The bid has nothing in it. W hen he is brought
down to the point and sees the estimate of the
Congressional Printer, and discovers that if that
stands it will put him in a false light, he cor-
rects it by showing a difference in the amount
he bid for of $16,000; that is to say, now he
increases his bid $16,000 over what it was when
it was first presented to the committe-).
Mr., ANTHONY. I do not think there is
anything unfair in this correction that Mr.
Crowell makes. In the first place my friend from
Maryland will remember we got from the Con-
gressional Printer the actual cost of printing
the debates of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, that
being the last Congress for which the Globe
had been completed and printed. Then we
l-i-i ^'Ves ^ Bailey and took the
bid of Mr. Crowell and reduced each of them
to the basis of the Thirty-Ninth Congress; that
is to say, we ascertained what it would have
