158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Con-
fess in the chair.) Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Nevada to withdraw his motion?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, for the present.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Section one of this joint
resolution authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to convert the floor occupied for the stor-
age and exhibition of models into rooms for
the clerks of the Department. Section three
authorizes him to remove, as I understand it,
certain of those models described in that sec-
tion from this floor, and requires him to leave
another portion of those models upon this floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lfthe Senator will look
at it. he will see that the meaning is obvious. I
can explain it in a moment. There are four
corridors which run entirely around the build-
ing. We propose to convert what is called the
north wing into rooms, leaving the other three
corridors; and of course the models that are
in the north corridor must be removed some-
where. Perhaps among them are some of the
best. Then we propose, with regard to the gen-
eral subject, that the Secretary may make such
selection of models, under the rules that I have
stated, as is necessary to be made in order to
accomplish the purpose of which we are speak-
ing. There is no trouble about it. As my
friend from Connecticut has explained, we only
take one corridor on the back side of the build-
ing out of four.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that it
would be better not to press this resolution at
this time. It proposes to make an appropria-
tion of $50,000 at once, and then it authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to lease a build-
ing at a yearly rent not exceeding $10,000. I
have no doubt that a great many of these
models could be dispensed with and destroyed;
but 1 think the whole subject had better be
postponed until some future day. Let the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
or some other committee take charge of it and
have all that useless lumber destroyed and get
it out of the way.
Sir, we are spending entirely too much
money. Here is a proposition by which we are
agreeing to make an expenditure at once of
$50,000, and pay an annual rent of $10,000
more, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, who is just going out of office, at
the end of an administration, at a time when
we all think it is not the best wisdom to make
large appropriations without a good deal of
information. I move, therefore, that this whole
subject be postponed for the present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really think Imusthave
misapprehended my friend, and I want to know
if I did. He says we are spending too much
money. That is undoubtedly true in many par-
ticulars ; but I do not know that that is any
reason why we should not spend money thatis
absolutely necessary in order to accommodate
our own officials and give them a place and
opportunity to do the work we impose upon
them. We fixed this sum at $50,000, because
a builder who was present in the committee-
room on other business told us that $50,000
would be sufficient to make the change. It
may be more than sufficient. It is to be done
under the supervision of a safe man. Sir,
economy is, of course, a most admirable qual-
ity; but that economy which consists merely
in refusing to make necessary appropriations
is nothing more nor less than extravagance.
What we want is a sufficient appropriation of
money toaceomplish necessary purposes for car-
rying on the Government; and that is econ-
omy, in my apprehension.
There is another consideration. To put the
question of economy in a matter of this kind
in direct opposition to the consideration of
what the health of our fellow-oitizens abso-
lutely requires, to subject our fellow-citizens
to the danger of a loss of health and loss of
life in the public service b'-cause it is econom-
ical to keep a dozen of them in a room where
there ought not to be more than three or four,
is, in my judgment, the very poorest economy
in the world. We ought to be economical of
life and health before anything else that I am
aware of. Therefore, I think I must have mis-
understood my friend. It is not in the power
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to make this selection of models.
That must be made by men acquainted with the
business who know the value of them.
Mr. CAMERON. It is always with great
reluctance that I differ with my friend, the
Senator from Maine. I say my friend,;the
Senator from Maine," because he is my friend,
and I a,m his. I agree in all the axioms which
he has laid down ; I agree that it is unwise to
destroy the health of our fellow-citizens; I
agree that it is sometimes economy to spend
money ; but I do not agree with him in the
application of those axioms at this time. I do
not think it is necessary that we should enlarge
the Patent Office, nor do I think that it is ne-
cessary that we should go to the expense of
procuring a building at an enormous rent for
the purpose of giving a little more room to
these clerks. 1 doubt whether any of them
has had his health injured ; I doubt very much
whether anybody in any of the Departments in
Washington has ever been injured by close
application to his duties. I think there is no
part of this, country, perhaps no part of the
world, in which the employes of a Govern-
ment are so well taken care of as the people
of Washington are at this time.
I do not wish to assert that for all time we
shall not make changes here;' but I think this
is not the time to do it. Let us wait for the
present; let us see the new administration
come in, and let them point out to us what is
necessary for the good of the Government and
the protection of the people employed by it.
Why shall we now give $50,000, as they say
the estimate is, for this purpose? No man in
Congress ever saw an estimate that was not
exceeded by the reality of the work done by
it. lu place of $50,000 we shall probably be
compelled to expend $100,000 before the
changes are made. Then we are to rent a build-
ing " at a yearly rentnot exceeding $10,000,"
which means $10,000. You never saw a con-
tract made under an appropriation like this
that they did not give the full sum, the full
limit authorized by Congress. 1 do not think
it is necessary ; and I mean in that no disre-
spect to the very able and attentive chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. I do not believe any memtfer of the
Senate could discharge the duties of that posi-
tion so well as he does, but still I may be
allowed to differ with him as to the propriety
of making this expenditure at this time; and
I trust it will not be made.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I have no
difficulty on the score of economy. Beyond
controversy more room, both for the proper
transaction of business and to preserve the
health of the employes, is necessary. It is an
absolute necessity. No person who will make
a personal examination into the facts of the
case can come to any other conclusion. There-
fore, for the preservation of the health of the
employes, and for the faithful, convenient, and
efficient discharge of the duties of those em-
ployes, more room is absolutely necessary.
This joint resolution provides for additional
room. It acknowledges the necessity of going
outside of the Patent Office building to procure
that room. That will have to be done anyhow.
But, sir, upon reflection I have great doubts
whether the north wing of the Patent Office
building ought to be appropriated to the pur-
pose specified in the first section of this reso-
lution. I think it ought, to remain as it is, upon
two grounds. I should dislike to disturb the
present harmony of the building, the present
convenient mode of exhibiting the ingenuity
of our countrymen. I think it is a pleasure to
go there and spend an hour in passing around
the building. The present arrangements are
convenient for that purpose.
But, sir, with the provision made in the third
section for the removal and destruction of
models not patented, and the other provision
for removing such as may have been there
twenty-one years and upward, in the discre-
tion of the Secretary, additional room wilt in a
few years become necessary, and we shall have
to make other provision to accommodate the
extent of models that will grow up in a few
years, even within the limit of twenty-one
years. .
Therefore, upon reflection, while I agree
heartily in the provisions of the second sectiou
providing for additional room, and am willing
to agree to the provisions of the third section as
now amended, I hope that the first section will
be strickeniout and that the north wing will be
allowed to remain as it is, to meet the coming
necessities, which will certainly occur in a few
years, for places to store away the models, as
provided under the third section of the resolu-
tion. I repeat, wehavetogooutsideof thebuild-
ingnow to provide additional room. That neces-
sity has occurred. By declining to appropriate
the north wing of the Patent Office building
for the purposes specified in the first section
we do not obviate the necessity now existing
of going out of the Patent Office building. That
has to be done at all events. Now, while we
have to go out of the building, let us make the
necessary provision outside of that Department
for the accommodation of the clerks in the
Pension Office, or for the removal of so many
clerks in the Department as will only leave
convenient room for those that remain, and
preserve in the future the beauty of that build-
ing and its convenient arrangement for the ex-
hibition of the ingenuity of our countrymen, and
keep in reservation the use of that north wing
for the coming necessity which will exist in a
few years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
examined this resolution very critically, but it
struck me with some degree of astonishment
upon looking at it, as I could not but regard
it as the entering wedge for abolishing the
Patent Office, or rather the museum attached
thereto ; and I believe that will be the result.
Notwithstanding the Senator from Maine says
that we have not sufficient room for any con-
siderable extension of models, he proposes at
a single blow to abolish one fourth part of the
room we now have, which has been fitted up
at an expense probably of not less than $50,000,
and to involve a further expenditure of $50,000
in preparing it for rooms for clerks. Why,
sir, the pressure will be just as great within a
few years to take another quarter as it is to
take this one now. I do not object to the
proposition to secure further room for the
clerks of the Department, whether of the Pen-
sion Bureau, the Land Bureau, or the Indian
Bureau, and would much prefer to double the
amount appropriated to that end in the second
section than to abolish even a fourth part of
this place of resort for the people of the whole
country; for it is not to be denied that this
upper hall of the Patent Office is one of the
greatest attractions in this capital that we have
for the people from all portions of the coun-
try when they come here for business or for
pleasure.
I therefore cordially agree with the Senator
from West Virginia that we had better post-
pone action upon the first section and the last
section at the present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do not want to .
postpone the last section ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
willing to assent to the proposition to throw
out the models on applications for patents not
granted, but take th$ other cases. There may
very possibly be some of those of so little
value or in such a dilapidated condition that
they ought to be thrown out of the building ;
yet there are many that are of very great value.
Take, for instance, the models for printing
presses. The progress which has been made in
the art of printing for a long series of years is
truly wonderful, and here it may be noted and
marked. There are many other things that
excite equal interest in the Patent Office.
If a motion shall be made to strike out the
first section I shall vote for it; and if the mo-
tion is not made by anybody else I shall make
it. With regard to the third section, I am
