1869.
THE eOF&RESSIQNAL ^LOfil.
imi
eost to print the proceedings of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress upon the bid of each of these
persons. We then submitted this estimate to
each of the bidders, to Rives & Bailey and to
Mr. Crowell, to ask them if the redaction of
their bid to the Globe of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress had been properly made, as my friend
will remember. Then each of them returned
an answer showing some particulars in which
the bids had not been correctly reduced. That
of Rives"& Bailey referred to an item which
was put in all the bids, and therefore did not
affect any of them, or affected them all alike.
Tbat of Mr. Crowell  
Mr. WHYTE. Will the chairman allow me
to make a suggestion ? Rives & Bailey did not
alter their bid at all. All that they excepted
to was that the $16,000 extra compensation
voted by Congress to the reporters ought not
to be charged against them; but that was a
mistake on their part, because it was charged
against everybody.
Mr. ANTHONY. But Mr. Crowell objected
to the mannerin which hisbidhad been reduced
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and explained his
own meaning of his bid, which was all perfectly
proper, because as the bid was not an offer for
a contract, butmerely aproposal, and if wehad
occasion to draw up a contract with him it
would be proper that we should know precisely
what his understanding of it was.
Mr. WHYTE. I did not mean to impute
anything to Mr. Crowell at all. I only meant
to say that upon the reexamination of the mat-
ter his statement shows that it would require
$16,000 more than what he originally proposed
to pay him according to his idea.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is so.
Mr. WHYTE. I have not considered his bid
because Congress in no law that I know of has
ever laid it down as a requirement that the
lowest bid shall be taken, but in all the laws it
is "the lowest and best bid." It must be both;
and such was the character of his bid, as far as
it came to me and as far as my mind took it
in ; sack was his condition, without any means
at his disposal here in Washington, without any
presses, without any sort of preparation to go
to work on the 4th of March, that I considered
that that bid could never be considered the
best bid, and therefore it was not worthy of
consideration at all.
Mr. CAMERON. I used to know something
about this business of printing. It was along
while ago, to be sure, and I do not know so
much about it now ; but I know enough to con-
vince me that the printing of the Globe and
the reporting also can be done for a great deal
less money than we pay. The Senator from
Maryland says that if we employ the Public
Printing Office we shall have to add thirty or
forty thousand dollars to the stock of the office.
Mr. WHYTE. May I ask the Senator if he
proposes to ask me a question 1
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. WIIYTE. I have not concluded.
Mr. CAMERON. I said the Senator from
Maryland had stated in his speech that if we
employed the Public Printer the Government
would be put to the expense of some thirty-two
thousand dollars, according to an estimate which
was made for the purpose of restocking that
Printing Office. I understand from the Public
Printer that that sum will be required for the
ordinary printing, but not a dollar more in con-
sequence of this change. Persons acquainted
with the printing business can very well under-
stand that when you have an establishment per-
fectly stocked with its types and presses you can
increase the amount of business very largely
without correspondingly increasing the cost.
In other words, you have to keep a great
amount of type on hand that you may not use.
You must have it whether you have a larger
amount of work or a smaller amount. We
must begin some time. We are paying too
much money for this publication of the Globe.
Everybody knows it, and yet everybody is dis-
inclined to make a change, because it is be-
lieved to be unkind to the owners of the job.
These gentlemen have made a large fortune
out of it. Two generations of them, and two
generations, of two families, making four gen-
erations, have made very large fortunes out of
this Globe contract.
Mr. WHYTE. I must ask the Senator to
allow me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg your pardon.
Mr. WHYTE. I gave way, but I desire to
conclude what I have to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland had the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will excuse me. I thought he sat
down.
Mr. WHYTE. I perceived that, and there-
fore I thought it my duty to interrupt you. I
was going on to say that in the estimate of the
Congressional Printer there is no calculation
at all for the expense of folding.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am sorry to interrupt
my friend, but I know he wishes to make the
statement with accuracy.
Mr. WHYTE. I do.
Mr. ANTHONY. The estimate of fifty-two
cents a volume for binding includes the fold-
ing and gathering. The Congressional Printer
told me so this morning, and he has just re-
peated it to me.
Mr. WHYTE. Then I am satisfied that his
estimate is simply ridiculous.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is the estimate of the
foreman of the bindery.
Mr. WHYTE. I do not think another man
engaged in the business can be found anywhere
who will put such an estimate on the binding
of these volumes. I have made inquiry and it
is utterly impossible, if you deduct $8,000 from
the amount calculated for for the binding, that
it can be done for any such price. Nor is there
any estimate for wastage of paper. All that is
lost sight of in the Congressional Printer's esti-
mate, which all printers will tell you is a loss
of from three to five per cent.
Besides all this there is no calculation for the
wear and tear of naachinery or for the presses,
the wear of type, or of the buildings. There
is not one dollar of estimate for all this ; and
yet I take it that when a contractor bids for
Government work he brings into view all those
expenses and adds a reasonable and proper
profit, which nobody ought to be unwilling to
allow him upon that estimate.
Nor is there anything in the estimate of the
Congressional Printer to show that the paper
estimated for is as good as or inferior to the
paper now used or contemplated to be used by
Rives & Bailey.
Again, on page 5 of Report No. 248, the esti-
mate of the Congressional Printer for the Daily
Globe—and I ask the attention of Senators to
this important fact unexplained, and I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing to
explain it if he can, after his conversation
with Mr. Defrees or with anybody else—is
$120,610 52; while the same work, as done by
Rives & Bailey for the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and this estimate is based upon the standard
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, amounted to
$82,520 89, showing a difference in favor of
Rives & Bailey of $38,089 63.
Mr. ANTHONY. But they do not propose
to continue it at that price. Rives & Bailey
will not continue to publish the Globe at the
present prices.
Mr. WHYTE. I grant it; but I am show-
ing that the estimate of the Congressional
Printer upon the standard of the price which
they received is $120,000. But then take
their present proposition, and how do we find
it? The Congressional Printer's estimate is
$120,610 52; while the present bid of Rives &
Bailey is $116,350 70; making a difference in
favor of Rives & Bailey, on their present bid,
of $4,259 82. It is in the quarto Globe, by
some means or other, that the difference is
made between Rives & Bailey's present bid and
the estimate of the Congressional Printer ; but
in the Daily Globe, without any reason why,
the estimate of the Congressional Printer ex-
ceeds their present bid for the same work
$4,259 82.
Now, Mr. President, ! say there Is so much
uncertainty in this estimate, so touch that is in-
explicable, so much that is not clear to the mind
of the Senate, that they ought not to depart
from that mode of printing and reportingthese
debates "adopted in 1833, and only departed
from in 1846, I think, or 1847, when it was
giv.en, temporarily to the Union office and the
National Intelligencer office, from whom Con-
gress was glad enough to takeit back and give
it again to the Congressional Globe. With all
this uncertainty, and for the purpose of saving
so small a sum in a mere spasm of retrench-
ment, I say Congress ought not to do it. If
you make a contract with these gentlemen you
know exactly how much the Government has
to pay. They are bound «by their contract, and
bound by a bond with it, and if it exceeds the
amount which you have agreed to pay them
it is their misfortune. But if you take the
Congressional Printer's estimate of what it
will cost to do this work and it turns out at
the end of the next Congress that he made a
mistake of twenty-five or thirty thousand dol-
lars, what have you to do? You have got to
pay it, and there is no escape.
Mr. President, no man is more in favor of
economy and retrenchment than I am; but no
man who knows the people knows better than
the Senator who is the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing that the people never com-
plain that the Government money shall be
expended in having its work done well. They
never sit down to calculate a few dollars when
it is simply upon the subject of the execution
of work. It is when you squander the public
money; it is when you give large subsidies
to corporations; when you engage in class
legislation; when you vote enormous grants of
land to corporations which do not meet their
approval that the people speak out; but they
believe in the doctrine that the iaborer is
worthy of his hire; and the people never find
fault because a few thousand dollars in excess
of what probably; the same work might have
been done for is expended, if the execution of
the work is satisfactory to the people.
One word in conclusion. I admit that these
gentlemen have been engaged, both their pre-
decessors and themselves, for a long time in
this service. That only makes them the more
able to discharge with fidelity the duties im-
posed upon them ; and while I am unwilling
to pay any more than is reasonable and proper
for their work, I do think that if their present
bid is not accepted the power ought to be
lodged with the joint Committee on Printing
of both Houses to make a proper and a fair
contract with these gentlemen, and not dis-
charge them now and leave us on the 4th of
March next with a hiatus in the reporting and
publication of the debates. They submitted
their proposal for six years. I would not give
them a contract for six years. I propose to
give it to them for two years, for the Forty-
First Congress, and then, if during those two
years it can be discovered that other, better,
and more competent men can be employed as
contractors or employed in your Government
Printing Office to take charge of this work, it
will be time enough to pass a resolution of the
character proposed by the joint Committee on
Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mary-
land has enumerated various items of expendi-
ture in the cost of publication, which he says
are not included in the estimate of the Con-
gressional Printer. This is a mistake. I sup-
pose no estimate has been made of the rent of
the building, but the items of wastage of paper,
wear and tear of machinery, wear and tear of
type, are included in the statement submitted
by the Congressional Printer just as much as
they are in the other bids. 'ihey are put in
the general statementof cost. If we estimated
all these items they would make a very long
list.
The binding, folding, and gathering are esti-
mated in the Congressional Printer's estimate
at fifty-two cents. That seems very low, but it
is the estimate of the foreman of the bindery,
