762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
the Land Office and other bureaus. I do nxjt
know of any vacant space, with the exception
of that found in what have been called here the
corridors of the building. If we were to divide
one fourth of that space on the third floor into
rooms for clerks it is perfectly manifest that
within a few years those partition walls would
have to be torn out and provision made for the
clerks elsewhere; so that we shall lose not only
the cost of erecting the cases that now stand in
that' part of the building proposed to be remod-
eled, but we Shall also lose the appropriation
now proposed to be made for the purpose of
dividing "that space into rooms for clerks.
There'would therefore, in my opinion, be no
economy whatever in dividing up that part of
the building into rooms for clerks, and I think
that that part of the bill ought to be stricken
out. ' '
It has been said here that in England the
Government does not preserve the models. I
suppose it-has escaped the attention of Sen-
ators who use this argument that in England
anybody can get a patent on any subject who
will pay the fees. The question of the novelty
and utility of the thing patented is left for
after adjudication by the courts, while in this
country be have organized a kind of court,
consisting of a Commissioner of Patents and
examiners, to ascertain ill advance of the issuing
of a patent whether the proposed invention is
new and useful. In England they refer that
question to the courts, and anybody can take
out a patent under their patent laws, as I un-
derstand, who i^ili pay the fees. Hence in
England there is no great necessity for pre-
serving either the drawings or the models.
They may be of use to the courts when the
question of novelty and utility may be raised
before those tribunals, but they are of no use
to the officers of the patent office of England,
for the patent is a foregone conclusion if a
man applies for it and pays the necessary fees.
Ilere, however, the drawings and the models
are useful to the examiners and the Commis-
sioner of Patents in the original examination.
As I think there is no other space that can
he properly occupied vHth these models, I
must doubt, very gravely, the utility of divid-
ing up this fourth of the third story of the build-
ing for the use of clerks ; but, as I remarked
before, the second section, as it seems to me,
ought to pass. There is a manifest necessity
for more room for the clerks of the Interior
Department. It has existed for years; and I
think that section ought to pass.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see any proba-
bility that the discussion of this matter can
close to-day, and therefore I move 
Mr. FESSKNDBN. Let us have a vote.
Several Sk.vatoiis. We can vote now.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; if the Senate
is ready to vote I shall not interpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
West Virginia, to strike out the first section of
the joint resolution ; and on this amendment
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corhett,, Cragin, Fowler, Harlan. Harris,
Kellogg, McCreery, Morgan. Morrill of Vermont,
Morton. Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pat-
terson ofTennessee, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Ross, Sher-
man. Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Van Winkle, Vict-
ors, Warner, Wifley, Williams, and Wilson—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cattell, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Ferry, Eessenden, Frelinghuysen. Hend-
ricks, Morrill of Maine, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
irumbull—13.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Conness,
Drake, Edmunds, Grimes, Henderson. Howard,
Howe. McDonald, Norton. Nye, Rsimsey, Robertson,
bawyer, Spencer,Tipton, Wade, Welch, Whyte, and
Y ates—21.
So the ameudment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out all of the third section after the word
" granted,1, in line six. If this amendment
prevails all that will remain of the section w ill
be these words:
■That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized to remove from the floor of the said Depart-
ment builduig now occupied for the storage and ex-
hibition of models, whenever in his judgment the
accumulation of such models may render the same
expedient, all such models as relate to applications
for patents not granted.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator what he proposes that the Secretary shall
do with them?
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Remove them.
Mr. WARNER. Whereto? Hashearight
to destroy them ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When the
Senate rejected the first section I supposed,
as a matter of course, they would strike out
these words ia the third section.
Mr. FERRY. Permit me to suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that the power which
would be left to the Secretary "by his amend
ment he possesses now. The amendment
merely provides that the Secretary may remove
these models from the floor now occupied for
the storage and exhibition of models. He can
do that without this bill. There is no law
requiring them to be on the floor where they
are now. He can put them on another floor
if he chooses. If he should change his amend-
ment so as to strike out all after the word
"granted" in the sixth line of the section to
the word " years," in the eighth line, he would
accomplish what he desires, I presume, and
give the Secretary power to dispose of them.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not par-
ticular what is done with the models accom-
panying applications for patents that are not
granted, and do not know but that the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Connecticut will
answer my views.
Mr. FERRY. Just strike out the clause I
have suggested.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well;
I withdraw the amendment which I have pro-
posed, and now move simply to strike out the
words •' and all such as may be or may have
been in said Department for a longer period
than twenty one years."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment as modified will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment and the section as it would stand if so
amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Upon read-
ing over the whole section I perceive that my
first amendment was the proper one, with the
addition of the words " anddispose of the same
as he may deem proper." I therefore with-
draw the last proposition and adhere to the
first amendment with the addition of the words
which I have just suggested. My proposition
now is to strike outallof thethird section after
the word "granted " in the sixth line and to in-
sert the words " and dispose of the same as he
may deem proper;'' so as to make the section
read:
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to remove frointheflooroi thesaid Department
building, now occupied forthe storage and exhibi-
tion of models,whenever in his judgment the accumu-
lation of models may render the same expedient,
all such models asrelate to applications for patents
not granted, and dispose ol the same as ho may deem
proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas24, nays 18; as follows:
YExiS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Chandler, Cole,
Colliding-, Corbctt, Cragin, Drake. Harlan, Harris,
Kellogs;, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Os-
born. Ramaev, Rice.Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Vick-
ers, Warner, Welch, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Meosrs. Buckalcw, Cattell, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Ferry. Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes,
Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Pom-
eroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van Winkle, Willey, and
Williams—18.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthonv. Bayard. Conness. Ed-
munds. Fowler, Henderson, Howard, Howe, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, N orton, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pool. Robertson, Ro=s, Sawyer, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull. Wade, Whyte, and
Yates—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and was
read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1809) making appropriations for the payment
of salaries and contingent expenses of the Pat-
ent Office for January and February, 1869 ; iu
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1564) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1870; and in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1596) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy forthe fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1870.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they we^e thereupon signed by the
President^ro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1564) malting appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the united States for the year ending
June 30, 1870;
A bill (H. R. No. 1596) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
forthe fiscal year ending June 30, 1870; and
A bill (S. No. 730) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to confirm the title to certain
lands in the State of Nebraska."
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance.with a
resolution of the Senate of December 18,
1868, information in relation to the character
of the Indians recently killed or captured by
the United States troops under the .command
of General George A. Custer; which was re-
ferred to the Committee ou Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of the Interior, recommending
an appropriation to enable him to pay to Miss
Vinnie Ream the installment due her on her
contract to execute a statue of the late Presi-
dent Lincoln ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1809) making appro-
priations for the payment of salaries and con-
tingent expenses of the Patent Office for Jan-
uary and February, 1869, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
consular and diplomatic appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to take
up House bill No. 1570.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1570) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the proviso on
page *2, commencing in line sixteen and ending
in line thirty-five, in the following words:
Provided, That the minister accredited to the Gov-
ernment of Nicaragua shall also bo accredited to the
Governments of Honduras.Gautemala, San Salvador,
and Costa Rica, and shall receive as compensation
$9,000 a year, with a secretary of legation, who shall
receive a salary of 5-1,500 a. year, and no more. The
minister at Now Grenada shall also be accredited to
the Governments of Venezuela and Ecuador, and
shall receive a salary of 17,500 a year, with a secre-
tary of legation, who shall receive a salary of $1,500
a year, and no more. The minister at Uruguay shall
also be accredited to the Argentine Confederation,
and shall receive a salary of $7,500 a year, and no
more, with a secretary of legation, who shall receive
a salary of $1,500 a year, and no more. And the
minister at Peru shall al^o be accredited to the Gov-
ernments of Chili and Bolivia, and shall receive a
salary of $10,000 a year, with a secretary of legation,
who shall receive a salary of $1,000 a year, and no
more.
The amendment was agreed to.
