1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
The next amendment was in line fifty-five,
after the word "Alexandria" to insert "Jeru-
salem," and in line fifty-six, after "Beirut"
to strike out "$2,500" and insert "$3,000;"
so that the clause will read :
For expenses of the consul ates in the Turkish do-
minions, namely, interpreters, guards, and other ex-
penses of the consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna,
Candia, Alexandria,'Jerusalem, and Beirut, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-nine,
to strike out "forty" and insert "fifty;" so
as to make the appropriation for the purchase
of blank books, stationery, book cases, arms
of the United States, seals, presses, flags, &c.,
$50,000, instead of $40,000.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
desire to amend the amendment proposed by
the committee by striking out in line sixty-
nine "$40,000" and substituting the word
"and," and substitutingin place of "thirty,"
in line seventy-two, "eighty." The only change
wrought in this amendment will be to save the
expense of five clerks in settling the account.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will restate his amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New.Hampshire. The
amendment I propose is to strike out all in
line sixty-nine and substitute the word "and;"
and then to substitute for "thirty," in line
seventy-two, the word "eighty." Jt does not
change the amount appropriated, but it brings
the examination and auditing of these various
accounts all under one head, so as to save the
services of five first-class clerks.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment of the committee in lines sixty-
nine and seventy-two on page 4, so that if
amended as proposed the clause will read:
For the purchase of blank books, stationery, book
cases, arras of t,hc United States, seals, presses, and
flags, and for the payment of postages and miscel-
laneous expensesof theconsulsof theUnited States,
including loss by exchange; and for office rent for
those consuls general, consuls, andeommercial agents
who are not allowed to trade, including loss by ex-
change thereon, $85,000; and there shall be allowed
out of the fees of the office $1,000 per annum, and no
more, for rent of the consul's officein Paris.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should be glad
if the Senator would explain how putting those
two clauses together is to have the effect of
which he speaks. I am not familiar with the
operations of the office, and therefore should
like the information.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. The
accounts have to be settled separately if these
two clauses are kept apart, requiring two sets
of clerks in order to settle these accounts sepa-
rately ; but if the clauses are brought together
then the examination and the auditing of the
accounts for seals, presses, flags, &c., in the
first, clause, and for office rent of commercial
agents, &c., in the second clause, will be exam-
ined by the same clerks, so as to save the expense
of five first-class clerks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. "Will it take any
less number of clerks to do the same amouut of
labor after they are consolidated?
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Be-
fore reaching the next amendment I should
like to move an amendment to line ninety-one,
to strike out "Cork" and insert "Queenstown,"
inasmuch as Queenstown is the portof entry at
Cork. The consul now receives $2,000 as his
salary at Cork and extra expenses for the ser-
vices of an agent at Queenstown, whereas there
is but one port of entry, and that is Queens-
town.
Mr. SUMNER. Still I should like to ask
my friend whether he is informed on this point;
whether it is not necessary that there should
be a consul at Cork with an agent at Queens-
town ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am informed by the Department that it is un-
necessary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed on page
5, line ninety-one 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We have not
got through with the amendments of the com-
mittee. Will the Senator from New Hamp-
shire please allow us to get through the amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have no objection. I simply asked if it was in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was in line eighty-two of the appropria-
tions for consulates general under schedule
B, after "Tampico" to insert "London" and
" Paris."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for consulates under schedule B, to in-
sert respectively "Acapulco," "Hakodadi,"
"Mahe," " Osacea," "Tunstali," "Valen-
cia," and "Yeddo," in proper alphabetical
order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ncxtamendment was in lines ninety-seven
and one hundred and one of the same schedule,
to strike out " London " and "Paris," respect-
ively.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and thirteen, to strike out "Bremen"
and insert "Barmen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fourteen, after the word " dollars"
to insert "and the consul at Valencia shall
receive an annual salary of $1,500. The con-
sul at Hakodadi shall receive an annual salary
of $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to strike out "Saint
Pierre, (Martinique,") from the consulates
under C.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
section of the bill in the following words:
Sf.c.2. Andbeitfurthcr enacted, That no diplomatic
or consular officer shall reccivo salary for the time
during which be may be absent from his post (by
leave or otherwise) beyond the term of sixty days in
any one year: Provided, That the time equal to that
actually occupied in transmitting mail matter to and
from their respective posts to Washington may be
allowed in addition to said sixty days; and section
three of act of March SO, 1868, is hereby repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire why
we should strike that out? It seems a very
proper provision to have that no diplomatic or
consular officer shall be paid when he is absent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If that was all
of it it would be proper; but that is not the
whole of the section. That provision is the law
as it nowstands;.it is the law enacted last
year ; and it will be seen on reading this further
that it is a modification of that provision. The
law as it now stands is that no diplomatic or
consular officer shall receive pay while absent
from his post, on leave or otherwise, beyond
sixty days. It will be seen that this section
modifies it by adding that a " time equal to that
actually occupied in transmitting mail matter
to and from their respective posts to Wash-
ington, may be allowed in addition to said sixty
days." There are instances where it takes a
consul four months to communicate here and
get an answer; some communications by mail
would not reach Washington for four or five
months, and the officer in such a case might be
absent from his post and still not be traveling
between that post and Washington and come
within the provisions of this section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit to the Senator
from Maine if, as the law now stands, it does
not deprive a consul or diplomatic officer who
is at some considerable distance from the Uni-
ted States of the benefit of any leave of absence
whatever. Suppose that a man is in Asia; it
will take bim more than sixty days to come
here and return. If the circumstances are
such as to warrant his having a leave of absence
at all is it not proper that he should have
added to his sixty days time to come and go?
Otherwise you allow a consul residing near the
United States to have a leave of absence and
be under pay at the same time, while a consul
residing remote from the United States can
have no leave of absence to come home with-
out forfeiting his pay. It seems to tne that the
provision is a very proper one as the House
has adopted it, unless itis subject to abusein the
manner suggested by the Senator from Maine,
that an officer might extend his leave of ab-
sence without coming to the 'United States ;
but I think it could easily be perfected by pro-
viding that in case he comes to this country he
shall have added to the sixty days the neces-
sary or the ordinary time consumed in coming
and returning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The difficulty
the committee found was in making the trans-
mission of the mail between the post of duty
and Washington the measure of the leave of
absence to consuls. That would seem to have
no possible relation whatever to the leave of
absence which it might be proper to allow in a
given case. That is the reason it is proposed
to be struck out.
If the Senator asks me whether it is reason-
able or not I will say that my own opinion was
last year when the law was altered that it ought
not to have been -altered-. As it stood then no
consul or diplomatic agent could leave his post
without first obtaining leave of absence from
the home government, from the State Depart-
ment, or in other words, from the President of
the United States; and that I deemed sufficient
as a general proposition. The Senate, how-
ever, did pass a law taking away all discretion
from the State Department outside of the sixty
days. If the Senator from Illinois thinks that
such discretion is reasonable he can move to
amend this section by striking out all after the
word '' that'' in the first line clown to the word
"and" in the seventh line. That would restore
the law as it stood last year, leaving it to the
discretion of the Secretary of State or the
President to regulate that matter according as
they should judge the demands ©f the public
service; but as it was not the business of the
Committee on Appropriations to regulate the
service, and as this did not seem properly to
regulate the service in their judgment, they
have simply proposed to strike it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it ought to be
perfected. If I understand the Senator from
Maine, by striking out all after the word "days"
in the seventh line we shall leave the law as
it now stands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By striking out
all after the enacting clause of the section
down to and including the word "and" in the
seventh line you will have the law as it stood
before the act of last year, which would simply
be that no diplomatic or consular agent should
leave his post without having first obtained
leave of absence from the home government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Saying nothing, about
Pa3tfr. MORRILL, of Maine. They have their
pay, as a matter of course, if they get leave of
absence as the law now stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I like the first part of
this section. I do not thkik an officer ought
to be paid who is absent am unreasonable length
of time, nor would I give the discretion to
allow this absence indefinitely. I think that
would be liable to great abuse.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As I understand
the law, independent of the act of last year, no
diplomatic'or consular agent would be allowed
his pay if he left his post without leave of
abssti cg*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The que/-
tion is on the amendment of the committee
striking out the section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
section, before that vote is taken, by striking
