7m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
siderable sum, onerous to the Treasury. Why
not strike that down 1 It stands on the faith
of a trea'ty, precisely as the other stands on the
faith of a treaty. But the treaty relating to the
Scheldt dues was simply a commercial treaty in
which we assumed only a pecuniary obligation.
The other treaty was for the suppression of the
slave trade! 1 hope, therefore, the Senator
will not pursue his amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
. President, the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has made a very eloquent speech,
but .1 must confess that I have not seen very
much point in it. If he wishes the Government
to pay put $12,000 a year simply to adorn the
tombs of the dead, that is one thiug; but if he
wishes us to pay out $12,000 a year to keep in
office a class of men who perform no duties for
the Government, that is quite another thing.
It was found the other day when this bill or
some other of the appropriation bills was up in
the. House of Representatives that the Gov-
ernment had been paying out tor fifty years a
salary to an individual to guard the crypt, as
it was called. On investigating what, that
meant it was found that the ,original design
was to deposit the remains of Washington under
this building, and that an officer had been
appointed to guard the crypt, or Washington's
remains, which were never placed in the Cap-
itol ; and for fifty or sixty years that salary has
beeu paid. This is an appropriation very like
that.
We formed a treaty in 186?. to suppress the
slave trade, and we were to have three mixed
courts under that treaty. It is a matter of his-
tory that those courts have never performed
one official duty since the treaty went into
operation. But the Senator says that the treaty
has done very much to suppress the slave trade.
Not at all, sir. It has simply done this: it has
transferred the slave trade from American and
British vessels to Spanish and Portuguese
vessels; it has not suppressed the slave trade.
He claims that this should stand as it now
does, simply because it was an honor to the
nation at the time it was made, and it was made
by good and true men. I admit it. It is
equally true that slavery was introduced into
America by a good Christian monk, and as an
act of Christian charity and mercy. Does it
therefore follow that, the institution of slavery
should stand for all time to come because when
the institution was established it was estab-
lished as a Christian act? Why, sir, if the
argument is good for anything it proves too
much. I have no d^ubt that the design was a
good one when the treaty was made, and if it
stands as an honor to the nation to-day it will
stand as an honor to the nation after this
amendment has been adopted, and the nation,
now burdened with taxation, will be saved at
any rate $9,000 annually. I do not know that
I lay a.sacrilegious hand on the work of the
gentleman and other Senators who have pre-
ceded me in this Chamber, simply because I
have moved to amend this bill by striking off
$9,000 from this appropriation.
The Senator draws a parallel, at least by
inference, between me and Mr. Slidell, because
he proposed at one time to withdraw our fleet
upon the coast of Africa, placed there for the
suppression of the slave trade. I think the
reference is rather far-fetched. Mr. Slidell
was a slaveholder and in favor of the slave
trade. I have been an abolitionist all my days
apd against the slave trade. Slavery is dead
With us, and the slave trade, so far as America
and England are concerned, is dead also ; and
why should we be ornamenting here the tombs
of the dead?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
a word in vindication of the committee. In
the first place, I have to say that the appro-
priation in the bill is strictly conformable to the
requirements of the treaty and the express
provisions of the law. There is no way to
reach this matter except by an alteration of
the law.
Mr. SUMNER. And of the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You may reach
these expenses^ I think, and still keep within
the letter of the treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. That is doubtful.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will state the
case, and the Senate will see whether it may
not be so. The treaty provides that we shall
maintain courts at three distinctpoints, andthey
are to have certain officers. The treaty leaves
entirely to Congress the means by which the
treaty stipulations are to be carried into effect.
Congress, by an act passed ia 1862, provided,
in harmony with the treaty, for maintaining
these three courts at three distinct points. It
enacted:
"That to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty," * * * * . "the President be, and
he is hereby, authorized to nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate to appoint, a
judge, and also an arbitrator on the part of the Uni-
ted States, to reside at Now York, a judge and also an
arbitrator, to reside at Siorra Leone, and a judge
and also an arbitrator, to reside at the Cape of Good
Hope."
That is strictly in conformity with the pro-
visions of the treaty; but the treaty does not
fix the salary of these persons; the law does.
In the next section the law goes on to fix the
salary:
"That the said judge at New York shall be
paid at tho rate of $.2,500, and the said arbitrator
ther&at tho rate of $1,000 a year: and t'be said judges
at Sierra Leone and the Cape of Good Hope shall be
paid at the rateot $2,500 a year, respectively; and
the said arbitrators at these two places at the rate of
$2,000 a year, respectively; the said salaries to begin
with the acceptance of their commissions by the said
judges and arbitrators respectively."
The Senate will perceive, then, that the
committee have proceeded to discbarge their
duty by providing for the service as fixed,
first, by the treaty, and secondly, as specifically
set forth in the provisions of the law to which
1 have referred. Now, I will state another
additional fact to the Senate, by which it will
be seen that the provisions of this bill are
strictly in conformity to the terms of the law.
Truman Smith is the judge under this act
resident at New York, at the salary of $2,500
a year ; Benjamin Pringle is the judge at Cape
Town, at $2,500 a year ; G. W. Palmer is the
judge at Sierra Leone, at $2,500; Cephas
Brainard is the arbitrator at New York, at
$2,000 ; William L. Avery is the arbitrator at
Cape Town, at $2,000; and F. A. Whittlesey
at Sierra Leone at $2,000, making $12,500,
which is provided for in the bill, and over
which you perceive the Committee on Appro-
priations have not the slightest discretion in
the world. If we provide for the service this
is the precise sum ; no more, no less. We have
exercised no discretion whatever about it.
Now, I submit that the amendment of my
honorable friend from New Hampshire is not
allowable for the reason that it ignores the
service stipulated for in the treaty and pro-
vided for specifically in the law. If these three
courts are to be maintained at these three
places in accordance with the binding force of
your treaty, then it is plain enough they can-
not be maintained at the expense of $8,000 a
year.
Mr. WILSON. Are those courts main-
tained in those places?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The treaty pro-
vides for them, and the law provides for them,
and the appointments are made, and the offi-
cers draw their salaries.
Mr. WILSON. Are they there doing duty?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
have no information on that subject; but that
these appropriations are annually made in ac-
cordance with this law, and that the law is in
accordance with the treaty, there is no manner
of doubt. It may turn out, on inquiry, that
the judge residing at New York, who it is said
has had no case since his court was opened,
may live on a less salary, or at any rate that
the duties, which it is said are nominal, most
probably nothing, might be performed at less
expense. That is not the business of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Now, suppose the provision proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire should be passed.
Then there is $3,000 to be appropriated to this
service, specified in this statute. To whom
shall that sum be paid? How is it to be appor-
tioned? What accounting officer would dis-
tribute the $3,000? It is altogether immature.
If the service is to be affected it must be af-
fected in some other way; it must be provided
for in some other way. I think I have said
perhaps all that it is necessary for me to say.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I will bring
the question to what is precisely the true issue,
and it is our obligation under the treaty. The
Senator from Maine has already alluded to
that—an obligation reenforced afterward by a
statute of the United States. By that treaty
we solemnly pledged ourselves to keep these
courts and to appoint the proper officers and
to pay the expenses. Is not that an obligation
of p'ublic faith? Can we, by a motion like
that of the Senator from New Hampshire, cut
down that ben'ch to nothing, bore a hole in the
boat and sink it, so that the judges cafinotfloat?
That would be the practical effect of his motion,
if carried. He proposes $3,000 for the execu-
tion of the treaty, but, as the Senator from
Maine says, he does not say in what proportion
that shall be distributed; he does not say
whether it shall go to New York or to Cape
Town.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from New
Hampshire says that these courts have not
tried a single case, have not transacted a par-
ticle of business. If that be so, does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts think we ought to
pay the money out for nothing in the world ?
1 will ask the Senator further if England de-
sires a continuation of this expenditure on our
part provided there is not one single thing for
the courts to do?
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator had done me the honor to listen to what
I ventured to say some moments ago he would
not have asked me this question. 1 answered
it in advance. I stated that the courts had not,
to the honor of our two countries, bad a sin
gle case; but why? Because of this very treaty ;
because of tho force given by this treaty to the
cruisers of the United States and of England,
and these very courts that were created lor the
trial of the eases. There has not been a sin-
gle ease. You might as well deny to the police-
man his salary because there has not been a
single case of disturbance of the peace, although
he has walked the streets daily; but it was the
very fact that he walked the streets, that he was
there on hand, ready to do his duty, that pre-
served the peace. In a similar spirit I claim
for this treaty that it has had a powerful influ-
ence in bringing the slave trade to an end. The
Senator from New Hampshire says that the
slave trade has now passed from the vessels of
the United States and of England to those of
Spain and Portugal. Is not that something
gained for us and for our flag? Long enough
had that flag of ours been dishonored; and
now, by the confession of the Senator from New
Hampshire, seeking to strike down this provis-
ion, the slave trade has passed away from its
protection. That, sir, is another clear gain in
this case.
But I come back to where I began. Here is
a provision of a treaty, and it is nothing less
than a treaty for the suppression of the slave
trade. Will you set it aside ? If so disposed
then proceed in a proper way to terminate the
treaty. This can be done in 1872 ; but accord-
ing to its provisions, except by special negotia-
tion it cannot be terminated in advance of
that time; butl have no doubt that on a proper
representation from our Government if it were
thought advisable, if the Senator from New
Hampshire should himself on calmly review-
ing this whole question think it advisable that
this treaty should be brought to an end, the
English Government, would consent to its term-
ination in advance of the time provided for.
But so long as the treaty exists I hold that we
are bound by public faith to make all' suitable
provisions for carrying it into execution.
