1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-767
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask whether if we provided in this bill
specifically that the salary of the judge in New
York should be $500 and the salary of the
arbitrator in New York should be $250, in-
stead of what they are now, that would be a
violation of the treaty 1
Mr. SUMNER. I never said that, By the
treaty we are left to fix the salaries of our own
officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what I sup-
pose the Senator from New Hampshire de-
signs to do—to cut down the salaries.
Mr. SUMNER. But I would ask how can
you, on $500, have anybody on the coast of
Africa?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of New
York.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but now
I come to the question with regard to the coast
of Africa. The practical question that I come
to is, will yon by indirection 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we bound by the
treaty to keep courts there?
Mr. SUMNER. We must keep two courts
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cap change the
place.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg your pardon. The
treaty provides thatthere shall be three courts:
one at Sierra Leone, another at. Cape Town, and
another at New York; and now the practical
question is, will you execute the treaty ?_ How
can you execute.it unless you make a suitable
provision for the officers? You cannot for
what has been proposed have suitable officers
at Sierra Leone and at Cape Town. I do not
know that you could have them at New York.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Let
me ask the-Senator a question.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me one minute, for
I wish to finish what I have to say, and then I
will answer the question of the Senator with
great pleasure. 1 do not know how completely
these officers can be called judges. They are
so called in the treaty:.
*' The two high contracting parties sliali oacKnn.rac
a judge aod an arbitrator, who shall be authorized to
liear and to decide, without appeal," &c.
And the courts thus constituted are called
"mixed courts of justice." ThejudgeinNew
York, 1 understand, is one of our former col-
leagues in this Chamber, remembered by many
of my associates here, Hon. Truman Smith.
He is the judge, so called, in the treaty. I do
not mean to press this argument; but 1 submit
it to the Senate to what extent is he shielded
by the provision of the Constitution which I
now read:
"The judges, both of the supreme and inferior
courts, shall hold their offices during good behavior,
and shall at stated times receive for their services
a compensation which shall not be diminished dur
ing- their continuance in office."
Now, if he be a judge—and on that question
I pronounce no definitive opinion—if he be a
judge in the sense of the Constitution, under
the Constitution of the United States, then he
will clearly be entitled to the protection of this
provision, and his compensation cannot be
diminished during his continuance in office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is he a judge of acburt
of the United States?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
asks me, "Is he a judge of a court of the
United States ?" I answer, clearly I think he
is. He is a judge of what the treaty has called
a court of justice. For what? A court that
has for its special object one of the most sacred
causes in the history of civilization, the sup-
pression of the slave trade.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A treaty is the supreme
law of the land.
Mr. SUMNfiR. And the Senator from Wis-
consin reminds me that a treaty is the supreme
law of the land. By treaty he.is admitted to
be a judge—thejudge of a court of justice, to
perform a particular function under, the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. I will ask the Senator whether
he would not be impeachable (injier that treaty ?
Mr. StJMNER. I have bo denbt he would
be. I cannot doubt it. I do not wish to place
this case on this technical ground, I do not
wish to throW over these official incumbents
this shield of constitutional law. That seems
to be technical. I put the case on its merits
and on our original obligations under the
treaty. If the Senator from New Hampshire
chooses to persevere in making this economy
then let him apply himself to the termination
of the treaty. Let him bring forward in the
Senate a proposition calling upon the Executive
to enter into negotiations with Great Britain to
terminate the treaty in advance of the time
provided for. All that would be direct, open,
frank. The other way, by striking out the
salaries, it seems to me is hardly worthy of
the occasion.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. The
Senator from Maine has suggested a difficulty
which I wish to obviate by modifying my amend-
ment and proposing to strike out the one hun-
dred and fifty-third line and substitute "_$450,"
and then to add to the clause this proviso:
Provided however. That from and after the passage
of this act tho salaries to be paid to the officers ap-
pointed under the act- to carry into effect the treaty
between the United States and her Britannic Majesty
for the suppression of tho African slave trade shall
bo asfoliows: the judgeatNew York,$100; thojudfre
at Cape Town, $100; thejudge atSierra Leono,$100;
the arbitritor at New York, fitty dollars; the aibt-
trator at Cape Town, filty dollars; tho arbitrator at
•Sierra Leone, fifty dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the questions
involved in this proposition are certainly of
very great importance, involving questions of
constitutional law, treaties with foreign coun-
tries, the power of impeachment, the power to
remove judges, and our duties as Senators. I
was inclined to vote with the Senator from New
Hampshire on his amendment until the charge
was made by the Senator from Massachusetts
that he was imitating the example of the noto-
rious John Siidell in the Senate on the great
question of human freedom. I think, under
the circumstances, it is proper we should have
time to reflect. 1 need it myself, as to whether
I shall persist in my original intention to fol-
low the lead of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. I therefore njove that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mosday, February 1, 1869.
The House met, at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order, is the call of States and
Territories, commeiicing with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
referred to their appropriate committees, not
to be brought back into the House by motions
to reconsider. During this call memorials and
resolutions of State and territorial. Legisla-
tures are in order.
sales of bonds and bullion.
Mr. BOUTWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1816) relating to the saleof United.States
bonds and bullion ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency.
statu imposts.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, introduced a
bill (H. R.'No. 1817) to prevent the collection
of illegal imposts under color of State author-
ity ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
DAVENPORT ORPHAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. WARD introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 425) relieving from taxation a
legacy to the Davenport Institution for Female
Orphan Children at Bath, New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Meaus.
SALARY OF PRESIDENT.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a j'oint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 426) providing that the salary
of the President of the United States shall be
increased to the sum of $100,000 per annum ;
which was read a first and second time, att'd
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
PAT OP ABRAHAM LINCOLN'S WIDOW, ETC.
Mr. ROBINSON also introduced a'joint
resolution (H. R. No. 427) for the payment of
$75,000 to the widow and children of Abraham
Lincoln; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee'6n Appro-
priations.
SUPPLEMENT TO CONSCRIPTION AtiTi
Mr. HAIGHT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1818) supplemental to the act entitled "At) act
to amend" the several acts heretofore passed
to provide for enrolling and calling out'the
national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March ij, 18G5 ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
khlief ok political disabilities.
Mr. BOYDEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1819) for relief of political disabilities ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
REFUNDING OF TAXES.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1820) to refund certain taxes illegally col-
lected in the internal revenue department,.and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
disabilities of john a. wilson.
Mr. LASHintroduced abill (H. R. No. 1821)
to relieve John A. Wilson, a citizen of North
Carolina, from legal and political disabilities ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
MAIL ROUTE ALABAMA AND TENNESSEE.
Mr. CALLIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1822) to provide for the establishment of a
mail route from Scottsborough, "in the State
of Alabama, to Selma, in the State of Tennes-
see ; which was read a first and second time,
and, with an accompanying memorial, referred
to the Committee ou the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PLUMING HODGES.
Mr. CALLIS also introduced a bill (H. _R.
No. 1823) to remove all political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of the Constitution of the United States
from Fleming Hodges, a citizen of the State
of Mississippi; which was read a firsthand
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT IN ALABAMA.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1824) to revive the grant of lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Selma
to Gadsden, in the State of Alabama, and to
confirm the same to the Selma, Rome, and
Dalton Railroad Company ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and, with accompanying memorials, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
IMPROVEMENT OF TENNESSEE RIVER.
Mr. HAUGHEY presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Ala-
bama, for the improvement of the Tennessee
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
LAND GRANT IN ALABAMA.
Mr.. BUCKLEY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Alabama,
asking a grant of land to the Eureka Mining
and Transportation Company of Alabama for
the purpose of opening and improving the nav-
igation of the Cahawba river and its tributa-
ries; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
