i m
I®B GONfiREBSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
■ It ianow that peaceis restored that she does
C&1I for the "adjustment of her accounts, and
appropriates the interest generously, as I have
already stated. Let me say, therefore, to my
friend from Ohio that he does injustice to the
case when he reminds us that in its origin it is
fifty-seven years old. To be sure what was done
originally was fifty-seven _years ago; but it was
Only recently that the claim was audited by the
Government and put in a condition for us to
calculate interest upon it. Now it remains that
the interest should be paid. Until that is paid
there will be a standing claim of Massachusetts
and Maine on the national Government. Why
Should it not be met now ? What good reason
can you assign? Are you not willing to do
justice to those two States? Is there any reason
why you should be in default to them alone?
Yon have paid the interest to every other State
of this Union, beginningin 1825 with Virginia,
and in 1857 passingaspecial section very much
like the one I now move for the benefit of
Maryland. Why will yon not do the same for
Massachusetts? Are you deterred because
Massachusetts announces in advance that she
has pledged this money to a generous purpose
for the national good ?
But the Senator from Ohio insists, without
citing a single case, that the claim of a State
is a private claim. He goes on to characterize
it by giving a reason. He says that it is because
you cannot include in an appropriation bill the
payment of an old outstanding claim ; anything
old and outstanding is in the nature of a pri-
vate claim. So I understood the argument of
the Senator, whether it be presented by an
individual or by a State.
Now, sir, is that the ease? I did not wish
to take up the time of the Senate ; but since
the Senator from Ohio has made the objection
it seems to me that it should not be settled
according to his argument. It is important that
the right of the States to present their claims
on appropriation bills should not be thus sum-
marily abandoned. I find on the Army appro-
priation bill of 1854 a proposition to reimburse
California for expenses in suppressing Indian
hostilities, S924.252. On the Army appropria-
tion bill of March 3, 1857, there was an appro-
priation to pay Arkansas for militia called out
in 1846. So on the same bill there was one to
pay Florida volunteers called out in 1849 and
1852, and to pay New Mexico for troops called
out by Governor Messerve in 1854. On the
Army appropriation bill of 1859 there is an
appropriation to pay Texas for companies of
volunteers called out by General Smith in 1854:
also on that same bill one to pay Massachusetts
for advances in 1812-15, $227,195, being the
last installment which has been paid by the na-
tional Government to Massachusetts on account
of those original advances ; and that was on an
appropriation bill, an Army bill.
Sir, I will not take time. Suffice it to say
that I have in my hand a list; I could go on
year by year and show you how the claims of
States have been recognized on your appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to make one
suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. It appears from the record
that this rule was not adopted until 1854. It
was a long time after most of the instances.
Mr. SUMNER. All the eases that I cite
are from 1854 down to the present time ; none
before 1854. The case of Iowa, if the Sen-
ator will pardon me for calling his attention to
it, was on the Army appropriation bill of June
21, 1860, to pay Iowa for troops called out in
1857, 1858, and 1859. I could read the list;
I could go through it all if the occasion wouid
justify.
Mr. GRIMES. The point of order was not
made in those cases.
Mr. SUMNER,. What is to be our rule in
this Chamber if not the precedents of the body,
if not the legislation as you find it in the statute*
book ? I call your attention -to appropriation
Bilk year after ye'ar, and show you clauses in
appropriation bills precisely like that which I
now move, and yet the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Iowa tell nsrthat the present
motion is out of order. Then', sir, all these
were out of order. Yet you find them in your
statute-book. How could that be? Why, sir,
the answer is clear that an appropriation for
a State was not excluded as a private claim.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. May I ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether this claim
is entirely for interest?
Mr. SUMNER. Absolutely for interest;
nothing else.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The payments
that were made were made as principal?
Mr. SUMNER. As principal and partly
on account of interest, but they did not com-
pletely satisfy it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But satisfied all
the principal ?
Mr. SUMNER. It satisfied the principal,
but it has left an outstanding interest account
which I have already said Massachusetts for-
bore to press during the war.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator state
to what sum that interest amounts?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
says six or seven hundred thousand dollars. I
have not made an estimate myself.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask how many times this
has been moved in the last ten years on appro-
priation bills of the Senate and rejected?
Mr. SUMNER. Never once to mv knowl-
edge. The Senator confounds it with one or
two other motions for the benefit of Massachu-
setts and Maine.
Mr. GRIMES. Which particular motions
were those for the benefit of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts?
Mr. SUMNER. I think one or two of them
were questions arising under treaties.
Mr. GRIMES. I think a former chairman
of the Committee on Finance had this in charge,
and I myself raised a question of order on it
once and itwas ruled out. I think his informa-
tion will be more accurate than that of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was the timber
claim.
Mr. SUMNER. This claim, I am sure, has
never been ruled out of order.
Mr. GRIMES. Has that timber claim been
finally disposed of?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes: that is out of the
way. The Senator need have no anxiety on
that, point. 1 do not wish to take time, but I
believe that the point of order is completely
established. It is in order; that is, unless you
are ready to cut adrift from all the precedents
of the body.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it is said
that this money has been donated by Massa-
chusetts, when collected, to a railroad com-
pany. What has Congress to do with that? The
question is whether the money is due to Mas-
sachusetts, not whether Massachusetts gives it
to a railroad company or a benevolent institu-
tion, or puts it into Boston harbor along with
the tea.
Mr. GRIMES. It shows it to be a private
claim.
Mr. MORTON. No; I beg the Senator's par-
don, not if the claim is of a public character.
In the first place the transfer here does not
make it a private claim, and the question as to
what disposition Massachusetts makes of it we
have nothing to do with. If it belongs to Mas-
sachusetts, if the money is due to Massachu- -
setts, she may give it to this railroad company,
or to anybody else, or throw it away. We have
nothing at all to do with that, and it does not
affect our rights or obligations in the least.
Now, sir, how can it be a private claim? Mas-
sachusetts is not a private party like an indi-
vidual. The States are recognized by the Con-
stitution. Senators who come here do not
represent private parties, but represent States;
and if a claim is due to a State it is of-a public
character, and the fact that Massachusetts pro-
poses to give it to a railroad company does not
make it a private claim. It is essentially public
in its character. It seems to me, without going
into the merits of the claim, fch&t the pdint of
order is not well taken.
" Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate is a point of order, and it is
whether the present amendment can be prop-
erly offered to an appropriation bill. The
Chair directed the Clerk to read the rule of
the Senate upon that subject, and the charac-
ter of this amendment certainly does not bring
it within any of the classes of amendment that
are provided for in that rule of the Senate as
admissible.
The honorable Senator from Maine says that
this is an amendment in pursuance of a law.
If there can be found any law which directs
this interest upon advance made by the States
of Massachusetts and Maine in the war of
1812 to be paid I will concede for myself that
the amendment is properly presented; but I
have seen no such law and no such law has
been read.
The Senator from Massachusetts reads from
various appropriation bills to establish the
position that the principal of the claims of
certain States against the United States was
directed to be paid, but he has not read a
single instance, if I recollect aright, in which the
interest upon any of these claims was attached
to an appropriation bill. Mr. President, the
general rule and the general practice of the-Gov-
ernmentis not to pay interest atall. The meas-
ure of justice which the Government usually
deals out is the principal of all claims, public
or private, in behalf of States or individuals,
without interest; and the several precedents
that the Senator from Massachusetts read pro-
vided simply for the claims of States being paid
and said nothing about the interest. Now, in
defiance of the provisions of the rule of the
Senate which regulates the character of amend-
ments that may be offered to general appro-
priation bills, and in defiance of the general
practice of the Government, the Senator from
Massachusetts proposes to attach to this gen-
eral appropriation bill a bill not to pay the
principal, but the interest upon certain sums
advanced by the States of Massachusetts and
Maine in the war of 1812; and I come to the
conclusion that it is not in order to propose
; such an amendment on a general appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts brought
his last remarks to a close by assuring the Sen-
ate that claims like this had never been ruled
out of order under this rule. I think hestinted
himself unnecessarily in his expression. He
might have made it much more ample. He
might have said that claims like this and claims
of all sorts never could be excluded under this
rule. On the theory which he advan ees I should
like to know now what claim, if it be enter-
; tained by Congress, is excluded by the rule
before us unless this be one? It is due under
existing law. Why? Because the law is that
all claims for honest debts are to be paid.
Wherever a debt is owing it is to be answered.
Therefore the law exists. Is not that true of
all claims unless you have adjudicated that the
claim never existed and in truth does not ex-
ist? And then, of course, it is not to be enter-
tained at all. Take the case of any honest
claim; it is the case of a request to pay money
upoh the ground that it is due, due by law, and
therefore by existing law ; and therefore this
rule does not apply to it!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to arrest the business of
the Senate in order to announce the order of
the Senate, which is that the Senate take a
recess from four o'clock until seven o'clock/'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move thatthat
order be suspended.
Mr. RAMSEY. I raise a point of order. I
do not see-how that can be done after four
o'clock has arrived. There is no time. The
reeess has really commenced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
order of the Senate 
Mr. DRAKE. What is the order of busi-
ness for this evening?
