THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
third class, were enlisted as the band of musi-
cians of the twelfth Kentucky infantry on the
3d day of January, 1862, and performed ser-
vice and were discharged by the authority of
law and military regulations as the band of the
regiment until the 10th of September, 1862,
without having been paid and without having
furnished to the War Department the proper
rolls of muster-in and muster-out of service.
It is therefore proposed to direct the proper
officers of the War and Treasury Departments
to allow to these musicians the same pay and
allowances from the time of their enlistment
to the date of their discharge as though their
muster-rolls had been properly furnished and
were in all respects regular.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
GENERAL OF THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 959.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 959) to repeal the second
section of an act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1868, and for other purposes, approved
March 2, 1867.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the chairman inform the
Senate what is the purport of the section pro-
posed to be repealed ?
Mr. WILSON". It is the section put upon the
Army appropriation bill at the time set forth ;
which requires that the General of the Army
shall reside at Washington; that all orders of
every kind shall go through him to the Army;
which does not permit the Secretary of War or
the President to send an order or direction un-
less it goes through the General; and if the
General should happen to be absenton business
it would be a pretty difficult thing to do. It is
proposed to repeal it.
Mr. DAYIS. I am very much gratified that
a bill has been introduced to repeal that clause
in the appropriation bill of two years ago. It
is an enactment that should never have been
made, in my judgment, and it was simply in-
tended to shackle the present President of the
United States in the exercise of his constitu-
tional powers. I am very much gratified that
the party who have passed enactments in der-
ogation of the Constitution and of the consti-
- tutional powers of the President are now seized
with a disposition and a purpose to some extent
to stop them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BUILDINGS AT FORT l'OTTEN.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 230.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 230) authorizing the
erection of brick buildings for rniiitary pur-
poses at FortTotten, in Dakota Territory, was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PpMEROY. In most of the western
Territories we have a kind of lime-stone much
cheaper than wood or brick either. I do not
see why you should say brick. Stone has been
used in our military posts in the West. I do
not know whether there is any lime-stone in
Dakota or not, but I have never seen any of
the Western Territories that did not have plenty
of it. I have no objection to this if there is
no lime-stone there; but there is generally a
layer of lime-stone or sand-stone through that
country. It is cheaper than brick.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
tir®e, and passed.
WALTEK D. PLOWDEN.
Mr. WILSON. I move to«take up for con-
sideration House bill No, 1323, for the relief
of Walter D. Plowden. There is a report in
the case, which can be read if anybody desires
to hear it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1323) for the relief
of Walter D. Plowden. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Walter D.
Plowden, a colored scout ana spy, the sum of
$1,000 for military services rendered the Army
of the United States' under Major General
Hunter, in the military district of South Caro-
lina, in the war of 1861 for the suppression of
the rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. If any member desires to
hear it, there is a full report which can be read.
It is a very extraordinary case.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear it.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Bixgham in the House of Repre-
sentatives, on the 1st instant:
The Committee of Claims, to whom were referred
the memorial and evidence of Walter D. Plowden,
graying compensation for military service, made the
following report:
The claimant, who was born aslavein "Washington
county, Maryland, emancipated in early life found
his way to the city of New York, and in 1861, at the
breaking out of the rebellion accompanied the forty-
seventh regiment New York volunteers. Colonel
Henry Moore commanding, as servant to Major
White, surgeon of the regiment, into South Caro-
lina.
After the discharge and muster-out of Major White,
with whom he had gained a large experience with
the colored people and the troops on the coast, he
was employed by Major General Hunter, then in
command of the Federal forces at Beaufort and Hilton
Head, as a scout and spy, and as a guide in vaiious
expeditions from the coast into the interior of the
State.
In the spring of 1863 he was sent by night on a se-
cret expedition, with a row-boat and eight colored
men, up the C tmbahee river one hundred and thirty-
one miles, to the crossing of the Charleston and Sa-
vannah railroad in the vicinity of the Pocotaligo,
from which he returned in five days, reporting the
condition of the bridges and trestle-work and the
strength of the military guard of the enemy at that
crossing.
Immediately following he accompanied the well-
known expedition ol Colonel Montgomery, thirty-
fourth United States colored troops, against Poeo-
taligo as a guide, which was successful in the de-
struction of the railroad bridge and the release from
slavery and the service of the enemy of eight hun-
dred colored men and a large amount of property,
which were used by the United States Government.
Soon thereafter, in May, 1863, he was sent on a third
expedition as scout and spy to the Coosawatehie
river, with a boat and five colored men, with ordeis
to cut the telegraph on theSavannah and Charleston
railroad at Gardner's Corners, the crossing of the rail-
road over the Coosawatehie. This bridge was so
strongly guarded that after several efforts by night
to cufthc wires the attemptwas abandoned and the
expedition was unsuccessful.
In June followinghewas sent up the Ashepoo with
a boat and eight colored men, and was perfectly suc-
cessful in setting the bridge of the Savannah and
Charleston railroad on fire and burning it up. The
rebel guard attacked his little crew in their flight,
and they barely made their escape.
Iu July following he was sent up the Broad river
with a boat and eight colored men, making progress
by night and scouting out into the country to" the
camps of the enemy by day, taking observations of
the location and strength of picket posts and the
position of military forts and works of the rebels
Ho returned with all this information to General
Hunter. Immediately thereafter he accompanied
General ISenham s expedition up the Broad river to
Cbisholm's Landing as guide and spy. The torce
was four gunboats and a brigade of troops, which in-
flicted serious pumshmentfor two days to therebels
Capturing prisoners and destroying military works
and materials of war.
After his return from this expedition he was sent
ten miles within the rebel lines from the mainland at
Hilton Head, and returned bringing information to
Genoral Saxton by which he captured the rebel
pickets on the next day.
In September following he wa£ sent as foot spy to
Bluffton, within the rebel lines, and returned with
the information which led to its immediate capture
by ^eneral Hunter. He accompanied the troops as
guide to Bluffton.
. In December following he was sent as spyupStono
inlet to Waupo Cut for information as to the condi-
tion of the rebel ram there building and which was
expected to come out of the inlet very shortly. On
tms expedition, for want of suflicientforce to outr6w
the rebels, he was captured in his flight from Waupo
Tu tj ,en , was almost within shot of the Pawnee,
the i ederal man-of-war, to which he.hoped to escape,
lying at the mouth of the inlet.
icMe waf jnt° Prison at Charleston, January 2,
Ibb4, and closely confined without food but just suffi-
cient to support life lor more than fifteen months, and
was released when General Sherman's army marched
into bouth Carolina.
In this service he invariably reported to General
, fn1*' nera.1 baxtoo, General Benham, or Gen-
eral terry, and received nothing as pay except the
necessary outfit of arms and subsistence.
The committee have carefully collected this history
from Major General Hunter himsolf, from General
0. 0. Howard, and from Chaplain Mansfield French
who was present and had knowledge of the circum-
stances here detailed.
At the time when this claimant was employed by
General Hunter that officer states that he had not in
his possession secret service-money in order to pay
him, and that he is well aware that be never was paid
for the important services thus rendered.
Owing to .his captivity the claimant lost his health
and strength, and now remains broken and almost
physically incapacitated for manual labor.
From these considerations the committee recom-
mend that a bill be passed for his relief, appropriat-
ing $1,000 in compensation for his services as scout
and spy in South Carolina during the war for the
suppression of tho slaveholders' rebellion.
Mr. DAYIS. It seems' to me that that sub-
ject ought to have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON. I am sure the Senator from
Kentucky cannot oppose a matter of this kind.
This person rendered about four years' service
and was fifteen months in prison.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is a case that should
go to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY. The report was read as
from the Committee on Claims.
The PRBSDBNT pro tempore. The report
was from the Committee of Claims of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. What committee of the Sen-
ate has had the bill under consideration ?
Mr. WILSON. It was sent to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs with some other bills of
that nature, and it was thought proper by that
committee to act upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. Its having been acted upon
by the Committee of Claims of the House of
Representatives is one evidence, independent
of the intrinsic evidence afforded by the sub-
ject itself, that it should have been referred to
the Senate Committee of Claims also. I have
no doubt that this negro rendered very import-
ant service. I have as little doubt that thou-
sands and tens of thousands of white men ren-
dered as much service without having ever
received any extraordinary compensation from
the Government for it. I therefore move that
this report and bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims of the Senate that they may
examine the subject.
Mr. POMERO Y. I should feel entirely dis-
satisfied with this report and with this bill
myself. It is made out that this individual
served four years ; was imprisoned; lost his
health, and rendered most important service;
and then here is a bill to pay him $1,000. A
thousand dollars for four years' service for
great exposure, loss of health, and the per-
formance of valuable services to two or three
of our military commanders! If I could not
have reported $5,0001 would nothave reported
a cent for foury ears' servieesand such sacrifices.
I think that the bill ought to go to a committee
who will report $5,000. If he is not entitled
to that much the report is not correct. Yoa
have made out in the report sufferings and
privations and services that entitle anybody to
that amount. Either make no such report as
that or make a decent compensation.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator from
Kansas is certainly the friend of the negro.
Now, I suppose that the white soldiers who per-
formed as long service and rendered as essen-
tial service and were as often in captivity, and
who suffered as much or more than this negro,
could be numbered by thousands. I never
have known, as far as I am conversant with
the proceedings of Congress, of a special move-
ment being made in favor of any white soldier
who rendered any such service. If this negro
soldier served four years in the Army he was
entitled to pay just as any other soldier of the
Army was, and I suppose he has received it.
If he went upon perilous service that was noth-
ing more than was common with all the sol-
diery of the Union Army. If he was captured
that fate was common with probably one half
the white soldiers, or a great number at least.
1 do not see any reason for making this ne-
gro and his services, however signal and val-
uable they may have been, to be governed by
any other rule than that which controls the
