isBor
Til CONGESSSlS
services of the white soldiers of the United
States Army. I have no knowledge myself
of a claim of that kind ever having been referred
since the commencement of the war, by the
order of the Senate,.to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. But as the honorable Senator
from Kansas thinks that this is .but a mean pit-
tance, which it is disgraceful to the Committee
on Military Affairs to have recommended, and
is anxious for it to be recommitted, with a view
to see whether something like an adequate
compensation and reward for these extraor-
dinary services shall not be made, I hope that
the honorable, chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs will agree that the subject shall
take tbat course.
Mr. POMEROY. If this man had been a
white soldier, as the Senator says, or a soldier
of any other color, he would have been enti-
tled to a pension of at least eight dollars a
month, equal to the interest on $1,500 a year,
arid he would have been entitled to that for
a lifetime. If he lived only ten years it
would amount with the interest to about six-
teen hundred dollars, and yet this committee
find a man who served four years, lost health
and limbs, rendered important service to four
or five commanders, and they propose to pay
him $1,000, when, if he had been a white sol-
dier, they would have paid him eight dollars a
month pension, which, taken at the ordinary
age of our soldiers, might be reckoned to last
for twenty years. Take the average pension
of the young men who have been disabled and
they will draw their pensions for twenty years.
Mr. DAYIS. Is or is not the pension law
the same in relation to negro soldiers that it is
in relation to white soldiers ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; but this man
was not a soldier at all. He did the duty with-
out having been mustered in, and therefore can-
not draw pension. This provision is in lieu of
pension. If he had been a soldier, white <?r
black, he could have drawn a pension, and
that would have ended his claim. This is com-
pensation for services when he was not entitled
to a pension, and a very small compensation
too.
Mr. WILSON. This bill was passed by
the House of Representatives; and when it
came here it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, who have reported it favorably.
I of course would not make any objection to
its going to the Committee on Claims if it was
not important that it should be passed at this
session. This man went out as a servant to an
officer early in the war. For four years he
served as a scout and spy for four or five gen-
eral officers, and did the most important service.
He was not a soldier, did not draw pay, was
entitled to no pay, entitled to no bounty, enti-
tled to no pension. He was captured in one
expedition and held fifteen months in prison in
Charleston, where he was punished for his
fidelity to the country. He was kept in close
confinement on account of his services as a spy
and a scout. His health was severely injured.
He is now a poor, broken-down wreck, living
on charity at this time. It seems to me that
this compensation, as is said by the Senator
from Kansas, is a very small sum ; but at the
same time it may keep him out of the poor-
house, and I think we ought to pass the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I say give him nothing
or else give him something that is respectable.
Mr. DAVIS. On a further representation
of this case I withdraw the motion that I made
to recommit the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I am much obliged to the
Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed. ,
SO-LDIERS BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 489, to relinquish the interest of the
United States in certain lands to the city and
county of San Francisco.
Mr. STEWART. I wish the Senator would
let that lie over until the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Confess] is present.
• Mr. WILSON. V§ry weir
Mr. STEWART. Neither of the Senators
from California is. in hyj se^fc now j and I hope
it will not be pressed at this time.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1279,"in relation to'additional bounties,
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1279) in relation to additional bounties,
and for other purposes, was .considered .as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill- provides
in the first section that when a soldier's dis-
charge states that he is discharged by reason
of "expiration of term of service," he shall be
held to have completed the full term of his en-
listment and be entitled to bounty accordingly:
The second section declares that the prohibition
of bounty in the fourteenth section of the act
of July 28,1866, to any soldier "who shall have
bartered, sold, assigned, transferred, loaned,
exchanged, or given away his final discharge
papers, or any interest in the bounty provided
by this or any act of Congress'' shall not apply
in eases when the full amount of bounty has
been advanced by States, counties, or towns,
to the soldiers or to their families, but the
State county, or town, advancing the same
shall be entitled to it. The third section pro-
vides that the widow, minor children, or pa-
rents, in the order named, of any soldier who
shall have died after being honorably dis-
charged from the military service of the United
States shall be entitled to receive the additional
bounty to which such soldier would be entitled
if living, under the provisions of the twelfth
and thirteenth sections of an act entitled " An
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1867, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 28, 1866.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The first section of the bill
provides that if any soldier was discharged, as
there were some at the close of the war by
expiration of term of service, a few days before
the three years' term was out, he shall be
entitled to bounty. Some of them were within
a few days, within a week, of filling out their
term when the regiment was mustered out, so
that they did not quite serve their full term.
The second section that I have proposed to
strike out provides that counties or towns or
States shall have the bounty money they ad-
vanced as bounties to soldiers where the soldier
has lost, or sold, or given away his papers. In
such cases he could not have the benefit of the
bounty, and I do not see any reason why we
should take money out of the Treasury to give
to States or towns or counties.
The third section simply provides that the
widow or children of any deceased soldier
who if living would have been entitled to re-
ceive the bounty of fifty dollars for two years
service or §100 for three years service shall
have the benefit of the bounty. I think it is
just and proper. It was supposed to be the
law until the Department made a ruling to the
contrary. This will include the families of a
few men who died after their discharge—prob-
ably not a great many—and it will relieve their
families. The men would have been entitled
to the bounty if living, but they died after the
close of the war. It cannot cover more than
a few hundred cases. It is absolutely right and
just in itself. If the men had lived they would
have had the bounty, but as they died we pro-
pose to give it to their widows or children.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear that sec-
tion read which saves the right of heirs to the
bounty.
Mr. WILSON. It is the third section.
The Chief Clerk read the third section of
the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I think the principle of that is
right, but [ happen to know that—I believe in
two instances, there may be more—cases like
this have come before the Committee on Claims:
the soldier died after the bounty was allowed
but before it was paid, and creditors have
appeared;, and'in two cases, I think, the Com-
mittee oa Claims have reported*bills allowing
the' bounty to be paid to creditors. Those
cases I suppose ought to be excepted." If we
once pay the money to'the creditor We do not
want'to pay it again to the heirs.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I inquire of the.Seria-
tor if any of those bills have been passed ?
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure whether they
have been or not.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have my doubts
whether they ought to be passed paying these
bounties to creditors. It was not the intention
of Congress to settle the debts of our soldiers,
but it was a gratuity to them individually.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; but where an liQnest
debt existed against the soldier why not so
apply the money ? The two cases that I have
in my mind are cases where the debts arose in
nursing the soldier during his last sickness.
The Treasury Department reported that the
bounty could not be paid to the heirs, could
not be paid to the representatives, the individ-
ual having died': it belonged to the Govern-
ment . We thoughtit was fair that the Govern-
ment should pay such claims as these rather
than -put the money into the Treasury. I do
not know whether either of those bills to which
I have referred has been passed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It is a very exception-
able case that the Senator has mentioned.
Mr. WILLEY. One of the cases to which
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin refers
was a very peculiar one. The soldier was sick,
and he made an express contract with the party
keeping him in his last illness that when he got
his bounty and his back pay he would pay the
old lady who kept him out of his bounty and
back pay ; and in consideration of that assur-
ance she undertook to keep him, and did keep
him, and he had no other means of support or
of commanding that attention which was neces-
sary in his last illness.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by adding as additional sections:
And be it further enacted. That all claims for. the
additional bounties granted in sections twelve and
thirteen of the act of July 28,1866, shall after (he 1st
day of May next be adjusted and settled by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury under the provis-
ions of said act; and all such claims as may on the
said 1st day of May be remaining in the office of the
Paymaster General unsettled shall be transferred to
the Second Auditor of the Treasury for settlement.
And be it further enacted, That all claims for bounty
under the provisions of the act cited in the foregoing
section shall be void, unless presented iu due form
prior to the 1st day of December, 1869.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
ORLANDO BROWN.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 880.
The motion'was agreed to : and the bill (S.
No. 830) for the relief of Orlando Brown was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
in the examination and settlement of the prop-
erty and money accounts of Orlando Brown,
late captain and assistant quartermaster United
States Army, to credit and allow him all ex-
penditures of money and property made by
him in good faith under the orders or in con-
formity with orders of his superior officers;
and especially all expenditures of quarter-
masters' property made by him for the benefit
of freedmen, under the orders of Major Gen-
eral Benjamin F. Butler, in like manner as if
the same had been regularly expended in the
quartermaster's department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALLEGED NORTH CAROLINA DESERTERS.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 877.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
