1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
that office, some of the money going to the
Indian Bureau, and some in other directions 5
and whether this kind of legislation does not
throw a sort of imputation upon the manage-
ment of the Patent Office, so that the public
may infer that it is not self-sustaining when in
fact it is?
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is -entirely mistaken. Every dollar
paid into the Patent Office now has to go into
the Treasury, and we have to make appropria-
tions specifically to pay the expenses of jthe
Patent Office. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; and being_en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the "bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The1 latter motion was agreed to. •
COMMITTEE ON NEW YORK' ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the select
'Committee on Election Frauds in New York to
submit the following resolution, on which I
■demand the previous question:
Resolved. That the seleot Committee on Election
frauds ia (he State -of New York bo authorized to
employ such additional clerical force as in their
Judgment shall lye deemed necessary, at such com-
pensation as is now paid for like service.
Mr. KERR. I would like to make an in-
quiry of my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I yield for an inquiry.
Mr. KERR. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he cannot limit in the resolution the
number of clerks to be employed by the com-
mittee?
Mr. DAWES. Ishouldbeexcecding willing
to limit the number if I could fix precisely at
this time the amount of work to be done. I
think the House willbe willing to assume that the
committee will not be extravagant in this mat-
ter, when the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence,] who has such a reputation for econ-
omy, is at the head of the committee. I can
assure the House there will be no unnecessary
employment of clerks.
Mr. KERR. I deem it my duty, under the
circumstances, to move to lay this resolution
on the table. I think no additional clerks are
necessary.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the resolution will
be amended or modified so as to authorize the
employment of not more than two or three
additional clerks.
Mr. DAWES. I should be willing to insert
a limitation of, that kind if I knew precisely
the amount of work to be done. It is neces-
sary that this wqrk, which consists of making
certain copies, &c., shall be done with dis-
patch ; audit will be less expensive to the Gov-
ernment to employ several clerks for a short
time than one or two for a long time.^ The
committee deemed it best that no limitation
should be included in the resolution.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to know how
much money the committee have already ex-
pended.
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to answer that
question ; but I assure the gentleman that no
investigating committee of which I have had
any knowledge—and I am sorry that my knowl-
edge of investigating committees is somewhat
extensive—has ever been run so economically
as this committee, of which the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] is chair-
man. I think this matter is understood by the
House, and I may as well insist on' the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. KERR. 1 wish to put an inquiry to my
colleague on the committee. He says that this
matter is understood by the House. I do not
think it is or can have been, from what he has
said.
Mr. DAWES. I wonder, then, that thegen-
tfeman should have moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman state what
it is these clerks are desired to do? After an
explanation on that point I may be willing to
withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I can tell the gentleman, in
brief, that these clerks are required in order to
make copies of papers and to do other writing
in connection with matters which the commit-
tee deem it necessary to investigate and report
upon. I insist upon the previous question.
Mr. KERR. The House is not yet advised
what these clerks are to do, and I submit that
it ought to be in order to vote intelligently.
Mr. DAWES. I am unable to give the gen-
tleman the titles of all the papers that the com-
mittee deem it necessary to copy. If the House
think the committee at this stage of the pro-
ceedings ought to make a development of that
kind they will insist upon it; but I .hardly think
it worth while.
Mr.. KERR. The truth is, the papers the
gentleman wants will do this House and the
country no good at all if they have them all
"here. I demand the yeas and. nays on laying
the resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 121, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ax tell. Baker, Beck, Boyor, Brooks,
Burr. Cary, Chanler, Fox. Getz, Glossbrcnner, Golla-
day. Ilaight, Holman, Humphrey, Hunter. Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall, MoCor-
raick, Mungen.Niblack, Nicholson. Pruyn, Randall,
"Robinson. Spalding, Tuber, Titt, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Woodward,-and Young—35.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison. Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman. Benjamin, Beaton, Bing-
ham, Blame, Boles, Boutwell, Boweu, Boydcrt,
Brooinall, Bucklantl. Buckley, Ga«o.<!obb, Cook, Cor-
J illllCS ± . JjililO 16, X' JirilbWOl lit, A t-il .1. vi 1 .r 1 J.
French, Garfield, Goss, Gove, Hamilton, Haushoy,
Hawkins, Higby. Hill, Hopkins, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckos, Alexander H.
Jones, Julian, Kclley, Kellofrer, Kclsey, Ketcbam,
Koonta, Laflin, Lash, Geor*o V. Lawrenco. William
Lawrencc, Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, Maynard, McKee,
Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, Myers,
Newcomb, Norris, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Pmnc, Per-
ham, Peters, Piereo. Pile, Plants, Poland, Polsey,
Price, Raum, Robertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofielu,
Selye, Shanlw, Shcllabanrcr. Starkweather, Stevens,
Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Taffe.Thomns, Trowbridge,
Twichell, Upson, Ynn Aernam, Burt v an Horn,Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, Ward, Oadwaladcr C. Washburn,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Wolker,
WhiUemor<\ Thomas Williams, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Stephen i. Wil-
son, and Woodbridgc- 12l. ■ „ , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Archer,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Barnes, Barnum.
Beatty, Blackburn, Blair, Bromweli. Benjamin i.
Butler, Roderick R, Butler, Callis, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Oiift. Coburn, Cornell,
Dewecse, Dixon. Donnelly. Eekley, Edwards, Eld-
ridge, Gravely, Griswold, Orover, Halsey, Hardin?,
Ilcaton, Hooper, HotchkifS, Asahet W. Ilubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Judd, Kitchen, Logan, Loujxli-
ridge. Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy,McCulloch, Mor-
rell, Morrissey, Newshain, Pettis, Phelps Pike, 1 ora-
eroy, Prince, Roots, Rosa, Sitgreaves, Sinith, ©tone,
Svpher, Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
VanWyck, Vidal, Eiihu B. Washburne, Windom.
and Wood—66.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The previous question was then second-ed and
the main question ordered.
Mr. KEEtR. I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 30, not vot-
ing 83 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, .Tames M. Ashley,
Bailey, Ba Idwin, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin,Benton,
Bmgham,Blnine,Bo1es,Boydon; Bromwcll.Broomall,
Buckland. Buckley, -Cake, Clift, Cobb, Covode.CulIom,
Dawes, Delano, Dickey, Dookery, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Ferriss, Fields, Garfield, Goss,
Gravely, Harding, Hanghey.IIawkins.Ilisby,Hooper,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hiilburd, Hunter,
Jetickes, Alexander H. Jones, J udd.Kelley, liellogg,
Ketch am, Koontz, Lnflin, Lash. William Lawrence.
Loart,Locran.Longhridge, Marvin, Maynard, McK.ee,
Mercur.Miller,Moore, MorreM. Mullins,Myers, New-
comb.Newshain. Norris.O'Neill, Orth.l ame.Perham,
Peters, Pierce. Polslcy Price, Prince Raum, Robert-
son, Roots, Sawyer, Schcnck, Scofield, Selye, bhelU-
barger, Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, sto
ver, Taffe, Trowbridge, TwicHell. Van Aernam. Birt
Van Horn. Robert T-Van flora.Ward. Oadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. V> a li
burn, Wclker, Wbittemore, Thomas Williams mi-
lium Williams. James F. Wilson, John T. Wilsen,
and Stephen F. Wilson—409.
NAYS—Messrs.Axtell.Baker.Beck.Boyer, Brooks,
Burr,Chanler, Fox, Getz, Goiladay, Grover, Haignt.
Hoiman, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr.Knott. Marshall,
McCormiek, Mungen, Niblnck, Nicholson, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Stone, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Woodward, and Young—30. ~ , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Delos It. Ashley, Banks, Barnes, Barnum,
Blackburn, Blair. Boutwell Bowen, Benjamin P.
Butler. Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Coburn, Cook,
Corley, Cornell, Deweese. Dixon, Eckley, Edwards,
Eldridge, Thomas D. Eliot. James T. Elliott, Faras-
worth, Ferry, French, Glossbrenner, Gove, Gnswold,
Halsey,Hamilton.Heaton, Hill. Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbardi RiehardD.Hubbard,Ingersoll.Thomas L.
Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen, George V.Lawrcrsee,
Lincoln, Lynch, Mallory, McCarthy, McCullough,
Moorhead, Morrissey, Nnnn, Pettis, Phelps, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross, Shanks, oit-
greaves, Spalding, Stewart, Sypher, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Upaon, Van Wyok, Vidal, Klihu B. Washburne,
Windom, Wood, and Woodbridge—83.
So the resolution was agreed to,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid oa
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
• Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that
the committee had examined and found truly
enrolled an act (S. No. 730) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to confirm the titles to
certain lands in the State of Nebraskawhen
the Speaker signed the same.
RECDSANT WITNESS.
Mr. DAWES, I am also instructed by the
same committee to report the following reso-
lution :
Jieeolved. Thatthe Sergeant-at-Arms of this House
be, and is hereby, directed to airost and bring before
this House FlpronceScannell,to answer questions put
-to hira by the committee of this House appointed te
investigate alleged frauds in the late election in the
State of New York; and that a warrant be issued by
the Speaker of this House to the Sergeant-at-Arms
commanding him or his special messcnget to arrest
ssid Florence Seanneli and bring nim before this
House accordingly to answer for this his contempt
and abide the order and judgment of this House (ft
the premises.
Mr. KERR. I desire to say, in reference to
this fellow, that I have no objection to his
being brought here to testify1, but when he
refuse*! to answer questions iti New York no
objection was made by the chairman of the
committee, and he was not notified that he was
in contempt or would be sent for by the House,
and he was discharged.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I aid not quite
understand the' remark of my colleague J'fom
Indianain regard to this man being discharged.
Mr. KERR. My remark was this: that when
this witness was on the stand lh New York,
and was being examined by the committee, he
did refuse to answer some questions, and the
committee did not then insist on his answering
those questions, but discharged him without
any further objection being made or any notice
to "him that if he did not answer he w6uld be
brought here to answer.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio._ I thmk my
colleague is not quite accurate in saying that
the committee did not insist on his answering.
They undoubtedly did insist on his answering:
We did not give him any notice that he would
be brought here,'because the committee Could
not undertake to epeak for the House of Repre-
sentatives; we could not say in advance whether
the House would or would not pass a resolu-
tion to bring him here; but the committee did
insist on his answering the questions, arid he
refused positively. We had no power to detain
him: he was necessarily discharged.
Mr, DAWES. X suppose the gentleman from
Indiana means that he was not held in custody.
He was in no other sense discharged. The
committee did not hold him in custody for the
very good reason that they had no power to
hold him in custody. Nor did the committee
intimato to him that they would not insist oa
answers to the questions. The record shows a
very gross contempt of the authority of the
