1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7^8
now in the last month of the session. Thereare
in Committee of the Whole a number of hills
of public importance; and I desire to know
whether it is the purpose of the House to act
upon them or not. For this purpose I wish to
submit to the House a test question as to hold-
ing evening sessions for the consideration of
those bills and other matters of business. I
propose, therefore, to ask unanimous consent
that after to-day or a/ter to-morrow the House
shall meet in the evening to take up and con-
sider successively the bill in relation to the tariff
and tbe.bill in reference to internal revenue.
Both of these bills have been partly considered
in Committee of the Whole at the last session
of this Congress, and are now in progress in
the committee and only need to be taken up
and disposed of.
I give notice that if the House shall determ-
ine that it can neither by day nor in the even-
ing consider the tariff bill I shall feel it my
duty to move that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from its consideration, and that
it be recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, to be reported at a future time.
But I prefer to have the bills disposed of, as
they are now fairly and fully before the House
for consideration, subject to such amendment
as the House may make, first in Committee of
the Whole, and afterward to be agreed or dis-
agreed to when the bills shall be reported to
the House.
Mr. CULLOM. I suggest to the gentleman
whether the question of taking up the tariff bill
cannot be disposed of at once ? 1 do not think
the House needs time to consider it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It can be done by making
a motion in regard to it. But before doing that
I desire to make a further remark. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Miller] from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions last week
proposed that Tuesday evening of this week
should be set apart' for the consideration of
pension bills. I know how interesting many
of these claims are and how meritorious are
the persons whose bills are pending. But when
1 -objected to the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania I did it not from any hostility to
it, as the gentlemen on that committee-have
had explained to them, but because I wanted
the House to determine whether we are to go
on and work evenings or not on the tariff and
internal revenue bills. I wanted to bring that
question before the House. I will now, how-
ever, omit Tuesday evening in my motion,
yielding to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to move to set apart to-morrow evening for the
consideration of pension bills.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
an order will be made to devote to-morrow
evening to the consideration of reports from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To-morrow is too early
a day for that purpose, A great many of the
pension bills have not been considered in the
committee yet. If the gentleman insists upon
setting apart to-morrow evening I shall be
obliged to object.
Mr. MILLEIl. It is necessary to act upon
them as soon as possible if we expect the Senate
to pass them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ithen movethatto-morrow
evening and successive evenings thereafter,until
the subject be disposed of, be set apart for the
consideration of the tariff bill. I make that as
the first, motion.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent or a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
first. '
Mr. PHELPS and Mr. CULLOM objected.
Mr. PIKE. I would ask the gentleman if
he thinks there is a reasonable prospect that
during the remaining days of the session either
of thesebills caa become a law?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is more than I can
answer. It depends upon the diligence of the
House and afterward of the Senate.
Mr. PIKE. I merely inquire if,he thinks
there is' a reasonable probability ? ,, .
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can as
well judge of that as I. I think it perfectly
feasible to pass the bills if we are diligent.
Mr. PIKE. I supposed the gentleman had
considered the -whole matter of the probabili-
ties of the case, and of the necessity of going on
with the business in both branches of Congress.
For one, I did not suppose there was the least
probability of these bills becoming laws beforfe
the close of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK* I will say in reply to the
gentleman that I think it perfectly practicable
to pass the bills if the House will devote itself
to the work. But if we shall meet in the even-
ing, and after a few moments or an hour shall
find ourselves without a quorum, and shall go
on with experience of that kind repeated from
evening to evening, I do not think we shall
finish the bills. I wish to put this as a test
question to the House. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering the tariff
bill in Committee of the Whole to-morrow
evening, and from evening to evening thereafter
until disposed of.
The question being put, there were—ayes 76,
noes 48.
. Mr.. MOORHEAD. I demand theyeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and the:e were—
yeas 91, nays 67, not voting 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. DelosR. Asliley, James M. Ashley,
Bailey, Baldwin, Banks, Beaunui, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Boyden, Boyer, Brooinall,
Buckland, Buckley, Cake, Callis, Clift, Cobb, Covode,
Dawes, Delano. Dickey, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston,
Ela, Ferriss, Fields, French, Garfield, Getz, Gove,
Griswold, Hamilton, Ilaughey, Higby. Hotclikiss,
Chester I>. Hubbard, Jencltes, Alexander H. Jones,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketchaui, Koontz, Lash,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence. Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McICee, Mereur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Muilhis, Myers, Newsham, Norris,
O'Neill, Plants, Price, Prince, Randall, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schcnck, Scofield, Selye. Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Stover,
Sypher, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Auken, Robert T.
Van Horn, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Thomas Williams,
John T. Wilson, and Stephen 1<\ wilson—91.
NAYS— Messrs. Allison, Arnell. Baker, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Bromwell, Brooks. Burr, Cary,
Chanler, Coburn, Cook. Cullom, Deweeso, Dodge,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fox, Glo^sbrenner, Golladay,
Gravely, Grover, Haight, Hawkins, Holman, Hop-
kins, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Thotnas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lallin, Loan,
Logan, Lou^hridge, Marshall, Mungen, Ni black,
Nicholson, Ortli, Paine, Perham, Peters, Phelps,
Pike, Pruyn, Eaum, liobinson, Roots. Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Taffe, Thomas, Tift, Twiehell, Burt
Van Horn. Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William Williams, James F. Wilson, Woodward,
and Young—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Barnum, Blackburn. Blair,
Bowen, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Corley,
Cornell,Dixon,Dockery, Donnelly, Edwards, Thomas
D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferry, (Joss, Halsey, liar-
ding, Heaton, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Johnson, ICitchen,
Lincoln, Lynch, McCarthy, McCormick. McCul lough,
Morrell, Morrissey, Newcomb, Nunn, Pettis, Pieree,
Pile, Poland, Polsley, Poraeroy. Ross, Shanks, Sit-
greaves, Stevens, Taylor, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble. Van Aernam, Van Wyck, Vidal, Eiihu B.
Washburnc, Windoin, Wood, and Woodbridge—04.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
WALTER D. PLOWDEN.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Claims, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1853) for the relief of Walter D.
Plowden ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Walter D. Plowden, a colored scout
and spy, the sum of $1,000 for military ser-
vices rendered the Army of the United States
under Major General Hunter in the military
district of South Carolina in the war of 1881
for the suppression of the rebellion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state to the
House before moving the previous question
that I present a full report from the Committee
of Claims containing all the facts in the case,
which I hope will be ordered to be printed,
and which rests on letters from tho officers in
command.
Mr. WOODWARD. Has the case been
before the Committee of Claims ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It has; and they unan-
imously report the bill: I will' state for the
information of the gentleman and of the House
that this person, occupying the position in the
army of scotrt and spy, having volunteered for
that service, rendered services for tlrree years
in South Carolina, and, as the record shows,
very valuable services to the Union Army, at
times burning the bridges of the enemy,- at
other-times cutting the telfeg'r&ph Wires of t.Jie
enemy, at other times giving most valuable
information to our Own'Army of "the position
and strength of the fenera-yyaml finally, whilxnri
this service, he'WBs captured and held a prisoner
under fire of our own guns in Charleston for a
period of fifteen months, being-' allowed; no
more food than would barely support life.
I state farther to "the House that inasmuch
as his name was not borne on the Army rolls
he could receive no pay at all except through
the 'Order of the commanding officer from the
secret service fund. I state further that a let-
ter of Genefal Hunter, the commanding officer
in that district,-is among the papers in the casei
in which he states that he had no secret service
fund at the time, and therefore made this man
no compensation. I add further that this sol-
dier is now in a condition of want and starva-
tion in this city, and is as much entitled to this
compensation as any man who followed our
flag. I demand the previous question on the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read ft third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moveid to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now move that the re-
port of the Committee of Claims in the case be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the
House hold evening sessions, commencing to-
morrow at half past seven o'clock, for the pur-
pose of considering the general bill revising
the internal revenue laws. I will state that
we are about three fourths through the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The whole of that bill could
hardly be read through this session.
• Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it now in order to
move to proceed to business xipon the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
motion1 to suspend the rales ; for that motion,
if adopted, would suspend, among others, the
Eule giving a member the riglit after the morn-
ing hour t,o move to proceed to-business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. RROOICS. T desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schetck] that while
many members would be perfectly willing to
vote for portions of the internal revenue bill,
the length and magnitude of the entire bill
wonld appal them. .
Mr. SCHENCK: The gentleman seetnsto
forget that the bill is a very" long one, condens-
ing into one bill the1 matter of twenty-six bills,
and attempting to make a harmonious system
of the internal revenue laws. At the last ses-
sion we went through a very large portion of the
bill, with the exception of one or two_ clauses,
and of the portions relating to whisky and
tobacco. Afterward' we passed in a separate
bill the substance of the whisky and tobacco
portions of this bill. With some slight amend-
ments and modifications we can transfer to this
bill that portion of the law as it now stands,
and thus make a perfeet internal revenue bill.
The previous portions of the bill, which have
already been gone over in Committee of the
Whole, contain a great number of adminis-
trative clauses and provisions in regard to the
adjustment of the internal tax, Making it fairer
and securing a more complete collection of it.
