1869.
the cmmmBim-AL QU
tiite allowances which have crept into our mili-
tary system, which in my judgment is itself,
if not a huge body, at all events a great prac-
tical inconvenience. For one thing, we never
know how much an officer gets unless we enter
pretty deeply into the question in the Depart-
ments of the Government. I remember that
at one time we were endeavoring to fix the pay
of the Judge Advocate General. We had three
committees of conference on the question of
his compensation and no end to debates. Our
present minister to the Court of Madrid entered
at large into the question. He undertook to con-
duct a contest against establishing a new office,
the pay of which should not be known to Con-
gress and the people; and after the expendi-
ture of an immense amount of eloquence on
the subject and the consumption of a large
amount of public time he was defeated in his
purpose; the Judge Advocate General had a
salary given to him and all the allowances ; and
whereag we supposed it would amount to sotne
four thousand dollars annually, I believe it
turned out to be six or seven thousand dollars.
At that time I was impressed with the convic-
tion that this system of making allowances to
officers in the Army was a very bad one, and
that if it were possible in the nature of things
some reform should be introduced. At all
events, now when we. are going to transform
them into professors of colleges to give gratuitous
instruction to the young gentlemen, the sons
of the wealthy people of our country, who ordi-
narily attend those institutions, let us know
how much we are to pay ; let us fix the compen-
sation of our Government professors at some
amount winch the people will understand and
which Congress will understand also.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senate will
understand this question, and when they do
understand it I think they will pass this bill.
Tlie detail of these officers for duty in these
colleges is already authorized by lf£w. This
bill simply and only provides that when thus
detailed they shall have the same pay they
would have if they remained where they were
before they were detailed. That is all there
is in it. i repeat that it does not relate to the
matter of detailing at all. The detail of these
officers for teaching in colleges is authorized
by a previous law. The only effect of this bill
is to provide that when thus detailed in pur-
suance of the law their pay shall not be
reduced.
As to this talk about indefinite allowances,
there is nothing indefinite about the pay of an
Army officer. There is no trouble in calculat-
ing to a cent what the pay of an officer is under
any circumstances. The matter is fixed by
law. There is no evading it.
Mr. CONKLING. But if the Senator will
allow me a moment, suppose there is some-
thing indefinite about it; and suppose, by
churlish legislation, we refuse to apply that
provision, whatever it is, to those who are de-
tailed; the result is, they will not be detailed;
and th6n the same inconvenience will remain.
It does not make a farthing's difference to the
Treasury, but simply deprives these colleges
of the services of men, which services will not
cost the Government a cent.
Mr. WARNER. Certainly; that would be
the only effect produced. The object is to
provide that when these officers are detailed
in accordance with law, and not by their pro-
curement but perhaps against their wish, their
pay shall not be reduced. That is all there is
in this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say two or three
words about this bill. The first question that
I consider is whether this service proposed in
the act which has been read here is of any value
to the country. A military education is thought
to be so important .that you maintain a school
for that express purpose and pay pupils for
attending it. That school, to be sure, will fur-
nish officers enough for your Army in time of
peace ; but, I take it, there are very few on this
floor who are willing to bet their lives to-night
that we are always to be a nation at peace.
We have seen war ; we may see another ; and
when you saw the last one your Government
was very eagerly looking in every direction after
men who had received a military education at
any lime, or any smattering of military edu-
cation, or even had done respectable duty in a
militia regiment; and we all know that in re-
spect to military skill and proficiency those
who turned out our enemies in that war were
in advance of us. They had more den fitted
by education to take commands than we had.
Under these circumstances I think no one-will
deny that these officers, when you consider that
each one of them will have under his instruc-
tion not less than one hundred and fifty pupils,
may furnish them the rudiments of a military
education which, when you want a larger Army
than you have, may be made available, may be
utilized.
Now, then, what is it going to cost you? It
is of essential service to the Government.
What is it going to cost you? Nothing; not
a dime. Every one of these officers is in the
service of the Government and is going to be
there, and they have nothing in the world to
do. You have more officers than you have
men to command. I understand the rank and
file of your Army to-day amounts to less than
forty thousand—I think about thirty-six thou-
sand—and you have officers for fifty-four thou-
sand men, and you are not going to muster
them out. They have nothiug to do. They
are going to be paid. The question is, will
you lend these unemployed officers to the work
of instruction in these colleges until you have
some regular, legitimate military service for
them to do? I do not think that is a very prod-
igal thing for the Government to do. I hope
the Senate will consent to let this bill pass.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator might also add
that the practice of the War Department is to
detail only retired officers of the Army to this
service.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have not been able to
discover exactly, from the remarks that have
been made, this question ; but, as I under-
stand it, it is that the War Department may
detail military officers to serve in the capa-
city of professors in colleges that have one hun-
dred and fifty students. As to the propriety
of detailing officers of the Army for the per-
formance of this duty, I cannot conceive that
the Senate can be at all in doubt. That it will
be of advantage to the Army no Senator will
doubt for a moment when he examines into
the great capacity and achievements of officers
who have heretofore been absent or resigned,
or been detailed, either by their own acts or
the acts of the Government, from the ordinary
routine of Army life. I point to General Sher-
man as an illustration of the benefits accruing
to the service by the detailing of officers away
from the ordinary routine of Army life. I
might point to Grant himself, who also broke
off from the routine of Army life. It will
be of advantage to the Army and to the offi-
cers themselves to give them the experience
of civil life and of the active duties appertain-
ing to a professorship in the instruction of
youth. It will also be of advantage to the col-
leges in the introduction of new experience, if
it may be so termed, of men who have been
experienced in the active duties of Army life ;
and when it is considered that the nation is not
subjected to any expense by this provision other
than it would be without it, I think it is a cheap
advantage obtained both for the Army and for
the educational institutions throughout the
country.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a very grave mistake,
I apprehend, from the information I get from
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, to suppose that nobody is detailed to
these colleges except retired officers. There
are other than retired officers detailed to these
places, and the moment you pass a law author-
izing the Government to pay to any officer who
may be detailed to an easy place at one of the
1101 thern colleges the same compensation ac;
cording to his rank that you give to a man who
is exposing himself on the frontier fighting the
Indians vou will find that your whole Army
will be- besiegiiig -your Commaiider-ln-CMef-or
the general in command trying to get detailed
to like positions^ •- * * - ■
The Senator from Rhode Island does not
seem to understand whatthis bill is. It is not
thepay proper that it gives; itgives commutation
for all the allowances that are made to aa offi-
cer in active- service, for his horses, for his
forage, for Ms servants' commutation,' for
lights, for quarters, for fuel, for- everything,
amounting to more than double the amount of
his pay proper-
Mr. BUCKALBW. I call the Senator's
attention also to the wording of this bill. It
is said that these are retired officers who-are to
be sent on this duty. The bill provides that
they shall draw "full pay and allowances of-
their respective grades the same as if they
were in active service."
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, as though they were
in active service in the field. Now, is it fair
to those who are in active service, exposing
their lives on the frontier and to the pestilence
and the storm, wherever they may be ordered,
that these persons ■ who are living in ease and
quiet at your northern colleges shall draw pre-
cisely the same compensation that they draw?
I am not a very great admirer of this system.
I have never yet been able to come across a
gentleman who believed that the mere manual
of arms, which is about all that they teach,
makes a soldier. All these comparisons that
are drawn between the men who are educated
in the manual of arms and the manual of the
soldier at a college and General Grant and
General Sherman, who have had a regular,
thorough military education, I think are very
far from proper illustrations of this subject.
Mr. CAMERON. To my mind this bill is
eminently proper; but I would make a couple
of amendments to it. In thefirst place, I would
amend it in the seventh line by inserting after
the word "detailed" the words " and there
shall be none detailed but retired officers ;"
and in the eighth line I would change it so as
to read " the full pay, without allowances,- of
their respective grades, the same as if they
were in active service." With these two amend-
ments I think the bill will do a great deal of
service. I remember very well that when the
war began we were anxious to secure every-
body who had the most trifling military educa-
tion. We even took a gre£kt many men, every
of whom became generals afterward, who had
been dismissed at West Point, or at least failed
to pass their examinations. So glad were we
to take anybody who had the least smattering
ot military education that we took any one ot
that kind.
I believe, with the Senator from Iowa, that
the mere knowledge of the manual of arms is
nothing ; but there is something gained in turn-
ing the attention of the youth of the country
to the subject of military education. You
turn their minds in that direction and if they
happen to have a turn that way it will be
seen. I do not think we can do better with
these retired officers of the Army, because we
have got to pay them their pay proper, as it is
called, at any rate, nor do I think they can be
better employed than in instructing the youth
of the country. They would be glad to go to
these institutions, because when they are re-
tired from the service they get no quarters,
no fuel, no commutation of any kind, I believe;
but while employed in this kind of service they
will get whatever the schools think proper to
pay them, and they would take with them all
the knowledge which they had acquired during
their long service in the Army, and not only
in the Army but the education they had ac-
quired at West Point. X think the bill emi-
nently proper. I have had occasion in the
course of last year to go frequently to the War
Department asking for details of officers of the
Army for schools in Pennsylvania ; especially
the other day I went there, on the recommend-
ation of the Governor and the whole Legisla-
ture, to get somebody properly qualified to take
charge of our agricultural college. I was told
by the Secretary of War that he could not afford
