186a
THE CONmESBKW^l/ «LGWt
of this kind would easily pass; brit after a
little it will not be so popular to fill our col-
leges with military men. I am in favor of
having such a number.of officers as is neces-
sary to command the companies and regiments
that we have, no more. We ought not to be
paying a corps of officers to teach school. I
may be mistaken, but I do not think it is the
business of this Government to furnish school
teachers either of high or low degree. The
purposes of this .Government are well enough
defined. This does not fall within any of them.
I think it is an abuse. I think it is starting
off in a wrong direction, which ought to be
corrected as soon as possible. If any schools
or colleges wish to employ men to teach mili-
tary science, let them employ them. There
are thousands of men well qualified all over
the country who would be very glad to accept
professorships in colleges. Let them be em-
ployed. It will give employment to men, some
of whom find it difficult to provide for them-
selves because of wounds received in the ser-
vice ; but do not call from the regular Army
the men who are paid for their professional
services to the country.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to strike out all
of the bill after the word "grades." The bill
will then conform to the idea3 which have been
stated by my colleague and other Senators.
Mr. CAMERON. If my colleague will allow
me, I will add some words to the amendment I
offered before. After the word "grades" I
move to insert the words "without allowances
except what the schools or colleges employing
them may agree to pay."
Mr. SPRAGUE. We had better have that
read at the desk, so we may see how the bill
will stand if amended in that way.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out after the word "pay" the words "oftheir .
respective grades the same as if they were in
active service," and to insert:
Without allowances, except what the schools or
colleges employing them may agree to pay.
So that it will read:
_ That all officers detailed to give military instruc-
tion in colleges and universities under the provis-
ions of the act entitled "An act to increase and fix
the military peace establishment of the United
States," approved July 28.1866, shall, while so de-
tailed, be entitled to full pay without allowances,
except what the schools or colleges employing them
may agree to pay.
Mr. WILSON. I appeal to the Senator from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that amendment and
let us pass the bill as it came from the House.
If we do that we shall not have to send it back
to them. It simply allows full pay. I with-
draw my motion to insert the words "and allow-
ances," in order to let the bill pass in the form in
which it passed the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania does
not change the bill in the least. These institu-
tions now pay these parties, in many instances,
because they will not come and perform the
se! vice without extra pay beyond what they get
from the Government.
Mr. CAMERON. I think my amendment
makes it so plain that everybody can agree to it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron',] which has been
read.
The ainendmentwas rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. WARNER. I now renew the amend-
ment which was withdrawn by the -Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I beg the Senator not to do
that.
Mr. WARNER. Well, I shall not press it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I now insist on the
question being taken on my amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was after the word " grades," in the eighth line,
to strike out the words "the same as if they
were in active service;" so that the bill will
read:
That all officers detailed to give military instruc-
tion in solleges and universities under the pro-visions
of an act entitled"An not to increase and ftx the
military peace establ ishment af the United States,?'
approved July 28, 1866, shall, while so detailed, be'
entitled to the fall pay of their respective grades.
The Presiding Officer put the question and
stated that it was difficult to determine the
result Of the vote. Vc :
Mr. CAMERON, I ask for the yeas and
'Mr.' WILSON. Oh, no; let it pass.
Mr. CAMERON. No ; I will not let it pass.
Mr. GRIMES. 'He-gives it up.
Mr. CAMERON. But I do*not give it up.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GRIMES. The other side give it up.
Mr. CAMESO-N. I desire to say a word on
the amendment. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts desires to pass the bill as it is, so that
the moment you bring these retired officers into
the service of these colleges you give them all
the compensation and all the allowances which
an officer in active service gets in the Army.
That is not the intention of the Senate ; and it
seems to me strange that Senators cannot see
it. The object of the bill is to employ retired
officers, meritorious men who can render use-
ful service in these institutions throughout the
country, and now you propose to bring them
from their retirement and give them the com-
pensation of officers in the-field while acting
as schoolmasters, professors, or teachers of
some literary establishment. The officer may
be seventy-five years of age and teaching mathe-
matics, and if a war should come up at that
moment, by the bill you propose to give him
the compensation, if he is a general, that a
general in the field would be entitled to. That
is not what the Senator from Massachusetts
intends.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
Senator from Massachusetts concedes that the
amendment of the Senator's colleague was
adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. No.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly I do. I will give
it up if I can only get the bill through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, if the Chair decides
it in that way I will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bwckalew] is adopted.
Mr. CAMERON. Let the bill be read as
amended.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
Mr. CAMERON. The words " without al-
lowances" should be added.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no need of that.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire whether under
the law as it now stands these officers are enti-
tled to the full pay of their respective grades?
Mr. CAMERON. There is some mistake
about this. When an officer talks about his
pay he means all his pay. When he speaks
about it technically he says " pay proper," and
every officer understands that just as well as
you understand the multiplication table. I
shall be content with the insertion of the words
"pay proper," if Senators prefer them, be-
cause every officer understands what they
mean; but I do not intend to delude these
officers with the idea that we have passed a
bill which will give them the same pay as if
they were not retired. I move that amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there ought to be no
equivocation about this bill. If certain pay is
meant which is less remunerative to the officer
than the pay to which he would be entitled in
active service it ought to be so expressed ; and
if'it is intended to give the whole pay, includ-
ing all the perquisites of rations for servants
and subsistence for horses, and all that sort
of thing, it ought to be expressed, so that the
accounting officers will know exactly what the
intention of Congress is in passing the law by
its words. As the words have been stricken out
it seeriss *« lie to leave tfce= -measiBg of- the
whole i« (Ioubtand equivo*caI{,
Shall white go detailed be entitled fit) the full- pay-
or their respective grades tjie sameas if they were
m active service.   . .
These words either have a meanirig or they
have no meaning.. If they are iirtendedtohave
the same meaning in relation to officers -who
are detailed on. this service that they have when
they relate to .officers in active military service
they ought to be retained, but if they are not
intended to have that meaning there* ought to
be some wor#s used which would express th%
intention of Congress not -to be to give theai
as much of pay and perquisites as are given to
them when in active service.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky that the pay of the Army is
well defined. Allowances,are one thing; pef-
quisites and all these matters are other things.
Mr. DAVIS. Could not servants' rations,
subsistence for horses, and all that kind of
thing be included tinder the word." pay?"
Mr. SHERMAN. The words "full pay"
include allowances, according to the .construc-
tion put upon those words by the proper ac-
counting officers. The words "pay proper"
include the pay only; but if you insert the
words now proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania you will have the law stand precisely
as it is now. An officer detailed for duty in a
college now receives the "pay proper."-The
purpose of this bill was to give him " full pay,''
and my own impression is that it ought to be
passed just as the House passed it. If officers
are detailed for duty on this service at colleges,
they render valuable service to the country,
and they are entitled-to full pay, which inei&des
allowances.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then does not this bill
mean, brought down to an exact point,, an
increase of the pay of twenty officers of the
Army 1
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is doubling the
pay of twenty officers of the Army, under an
arrangement sending them out over the coun-
try to these colleges. I hope, with this explana-
tion, and with the additional knowledge we
now have that they draw pay and can receive
additional compensation from the colleges
themselves, that we shall reject the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I am glad to find that
the Senators begin to understand this bill.
The Senator from Ohio has stated the fact
truly, that this bill is intended, when officers
are detailed for this service in colleges, that
they shall have the same pay that they would
have if they had not been retired. There are
a dozen words that I could put in there—that
they shall have "full retired pay;" or say that
they shall have "pay proper;" oryoumaysay
" pay without allowances." I am sure that
the Senate does not intend that these gentle-
men shall go into the service of these colleges
and take the full pay of officers in active ser-
vice and get compensation from the colleges
also. My desire is that they shall be rendered
useful to the country, and that they shall receive
the pay they now have as retired officers, and
shall also receive such compensation for their
usefulness as presidents or professors of col-
leges as the institutions choose to give them.
That is perfectly plain to me ; and it' the Sen-
ate understand it in that way let them put in
any of the words I have suggested. If not, if
you intend to say that these gentlemen the
moment they are detailed shall receive the
same pay that they would receive if they were
assigned to service in the line of duty with
their regiments or brigades, be. it so ; I am
liberal enough toward the Army to give thorn
almost anything you like.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Seu-
ator to strike out the word "full" before
"pay" and insert "proper."
Mr. CAMERON. I am willing to do that
or anything that will accomplish the purpose;
but let us understand what the bill means.
These men will be better off in this service
than they are now as retired officers, where
