778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Matthew Callaghan, praying
compensation for services rendered to the Post
Office Department, aaked to be discharged from
its farther consideration j which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Rowland Crome-
lien, praying that he may be granted the right
of way for an air line railway from Washing-
ton to Annapolis, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Railroads in the States ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred certain
papers and memorials relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States and
foreign countries, reported a bill (S. No. 863)
relating to telegraph communication between
the United States and foreign countries; which
was read, and passed'to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of Charles Weile, late
consul at Tumbez, Peru, reported a bill (S.
No. 864) to pay Charles \V"eile for services per-
formed as consul at Tumbez, Peru ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bill and joint reso-
lutions, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to : -
A bill (S. No. 762) to prevent the alienation
to foreigners of grants or privileges from the
United States j
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 192) to pre-
vent the landing of any foreign submarine cable
without authority of Congress ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 197) m relation
to laying telegraph cables.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom were referred the
following petitions and memorials, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to;
A memorial of the president of the Indian-
apolis, Peru, and Chicago Railroad Company,
against any further increase of the duty on
imported iron and steel;
Two petitions of citizens of New York, against
any further increase of the duty on imported
steel;
A petition of officers of railroads in Louisi-
ana, against any further increase of the duty on
imported iron and steel;
Five memorials of citizens of the United
States, remonstrating against any further in-
crease on the duty on imported steel j and
A memorial of manufacturers of hair-cloth,
praying an amendment to the tariff law so as
to incre««*e the duty upon that article.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed to report back the bill (S. No. 818) to
regulate the payment of the tonnage tax, and
ask to have it lie on the table. I will merely
say in relation to this bill that it might be
amended by inserting some words at the close
to apply to vessels not exceeding in value the
sinft of twenty-five dollars per ton, so that it
would meet with less objection. I am also
directed to submit a communication received
from the Treasury Department on the same
subject, and I ask to have it printed in the
Globe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
The communication is as follows :
Treasury Department, January 28,1860.
Sir: 1 have the honor to acknowledge your letter
of the 27th instant, asking-, in behalf of the Commit-
tee on Finance of the Senate, my views as to the
propriety of enacting a law, of which a draft was
melosed, exempting: Irom the payment of the thirty
cent tonnage tax all vessels not engaged in foreign
trade, and desiring an estimate of the reduction of
icvcnuc that would ensue.
The Register of the Treasury reports the total
enrolled and licensed tonnage of the United States,
June 30,1808, at 2,786,026 tons, of which are engaged
in thetishenes 83,827, leaving 2,702.199 licensed forthe
trade. -A- portion of this tonnage, namely,
tons, is reported upon the great lakes, where
a license permits a vessel to engage in the foreign
trade. How large a portion of them do in fact so
engage it is impossible to tell. Estimating it at one
half, 296,248 tons, and deducting that amount from
the total tonnage licensed for the coasting trade.
there remains 2,405,951 tons at 30 cents $721,785 30
83,827 tons in fisheries, at 30 cents  25,148 10
Ot 71,342 engaged in whaling, under regis-
ters forthe most part, it is estimated that
one third at least arrive in the United
States yearly, 23,780 tons, at 30 cents  7,134 00
Total loss S754.067 40
The foregoing sum, as nearly as can be now esti-
mated, would be lost to the revenue by the change
that is proposed—a considerable sum in tbe aggre-
gate, but collected in a manner that renders it less
burdensome than many other sources of revenue.
The industry upon which it falls is not open to compe-
tition from abroad; it is protected by absolute pro-
hibitions and very valuable exclusive privileges.
This tax is in general the only burden of the kind
imposed by the General Government upon these
branches of industry. If it be intended to subject
them to any tax, there can -be, in my estimation,
none devised more easy and certain of collcction
than this.
A certain class of vessels described in the last pro-
viso of the one hundred and third section of the act
of 30th June, 1864, as amended by the act of July 13,
1866, (both internal revenue acts,) are subjected to a
divided jurisdiction and double scrutiny. It would
be wise, in my judgment, to relieve all boats of that
class from internal revenue taxes and require of them
tonnage tax, or else extend the internal revenue laws
over all vessels of like description, without regard to
the nature of their occupation, and exempt them all
from tonnage tax. The regulation of these boats is
at present extremely difficult and,thesource of much
annoyance and ill feeling.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, .
hugh Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to lie on table.
Mr. "WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1827) to amend an act entitled "Ah
act to exempt certain manufactures from inter-
nal tax, and for other purposes," approved
March 31,1868, reported it with amendments.
Mr, W1LLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
artists, chromo-lithographers, engravers, and
others, praying the passage of a law declaring
that the purchase of a painting or work of art
does not convey the copyrightthereof, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
BlUG OCEAN BELLE.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was recommitted the bill (S. No. 490)
for the relief of the owners of the brig Ocean
Belle, have had it under consideration, and in-
structed me to report it back without amend-
ment. It is a bill that was once before recom-
mended for passage by the Finance Committee,
but it was recommitted; and if there is no
objection to it I should like to have it consid-
ered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the owners of the brig
Ocean Belle the sum of $2,972 in full fordarn-
age to the brig from worming while under
impressment from the 12th of August, 1865,
when ordered from New Orleans to Galveston,
to the 5th of September following, when dis-
charged the service.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to hear some ex-
planation of the nature of that bill. I should
like to know whether it has been reported from
a committee?
Mr. MORGAN. The bill was originally re-
ported by the Committee on Finance on the
27th of May last, with a written report, which
is among the papers.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish, then, that so much
of the report be read as will enlighten us on
the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
which was submitted by Mr. Morgan on the
27th of May, 1868, from the Committee on
Finance:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury iu regard
to the claim of John Bulfinoh and others, owners
of the brig Ocean Belle, submitted the following
report:
From the papers herewith submitted, in the matter
of the claim of John Bulfinch and others, owners of
the brig Ocean Belle, it appears that on tho 23d of
June, 1865, a contract was made between the master
ot the brig and Commander Adams, of the United
States Navy, for transporting a cargo consisting of
live hundred and six tons of anthracite stearner-coal
from Philadelphia to New Orleans. The brig arrived
at the latter port on the 4th of August, 1865, and on
the 9th of the same mouth Commodore Downs in-?
dorsed a discharge on the bill of lading. Thereupon
the agent of the owners was paid the stipulated
freight-money. Thus far there is no dispute. Tho
grounds of complaint are now presented.
It would appear that no actual delivery of the coal
was made to the Navy Department at New Orleans,
but tbat, instead thereof, the cargo was transferred
to the quartermaster's department of the Army on
the last-named date, and after discharging three
hundred and nineteen and a half tons thereof, that
the acting quartermaster ordered, the brig to cease
unlading and proceed to Galveston, Texas, and there
discharge the remainder of her cargo. Against this
order the master alleges he protested, assigning as a
reason therefor the fact that "his vessel, not being
coppered, was in danger of injury from worms, and
was unfit to enter and lie in salt water ports at that
season of the year."
Yielding, however, to orders held imperative, he
proceeded to Galveston, where he arrived on the22d
of August, and -there remained caaling other vessels
until the 5th of September following, when, as would
appear, his vessel was fully discharged and formally
relieved from service. Sue then hauled into an adja-
cent wharf for the.purpose of loadingforreturn voy-
age, and on the 3d of Octobcr sailed for New York.
On arriving at the latter port she was, as alleged,
" examined and found to be badly wormed. She
leaked badly, and repairs were made to the amount
of 83.453 05, which were deemed but temporary, as to
put her in good condition would require, in the judg-
ment of witnesses, tbat she should bo replanked,
which would cost six or seven thousand dollars."
It is claimed by the owners that the formal dis-
charge of the cargo at New Orleans was a complete
fulfillment of contract under the bill of lading, and
that the order of the assistant quartermaster in send-
ing the brig to Galveston to discharge the remainder
of the coal was a virtual seizure or impressment
under which tho Government became liable for per
diem compensation equal to that named in tho bill
of lading from-Philadelphia to New Orleans, and
likewise to consequences for injuries to the property
from extra hazard while so impressed.
The owners put in a «laim for services from the time
the brig left New Orleans until discharged at Gal-
veston, at the rate of $100 per day  $2,645 83
For repairs of worming at Galveston  3,453 05
Damage to brig from worming, notwith-
standing repairs, being rated down by
underwriters from A li to A 2k in conse-
quence of being wormed  5,000 00
Total   811.098 83
Tho claim for damages in consequence of the brig
being rated down by the underwriters from A 11 to
A 2? is neither susceptible of computation by the
accounting officers nor within their jurisdiction, and
may be dismissed without further remark, referring
the claimants to the Court of Claims or Congress for
relief.
The Treasury Departmenthas reeognized the claims
for the services of the brig from New Orleans to Gal-
veston, and also for repairs, for both- pf which tbey
have already paid theowners, though atasumreduced
somewhat below the claim, asjwill appear from th§
following certificate, (see Ex. Doc. No. 24, Senate:)
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, April 29,1867.
X certify that there is due from the United States
to John Bulfinch andothers, owners of the brig Ocean
Belle:
For services of the brig Ocean Belle, under impress-
ment, from August 12, I860, when ordered from
New Orleans to Galveston, Texas, to September .5,
1865, when discharged the service, being twenty-
five days, at $100 per day $2,500 00
Also, for cost of repairs of injuries irom
worming while in the service under im-
pressment, (less the item of painting,
$190)  -3,263 05
Allowed on the papers filed herewith, and
in accordance with the decision of the
Second Comptroller, dated April 27,1867,
concurring in report of Third Auditor of
April 23,1867, amounting to $5,763 05  5,763 05
Appropriation "Army transportation" payable as
follows:
To John Bulfinch, five eighths   $3,601 91
To William Rogers, three sixteenths,...  1,080 57
To Samuel B. Heed, two sixteenths  720 38
To Edward P. Stinson, one sixteenth  360 19
All to the case of John Bulfinch, managing owner,
present, as appears from the statements and vouchers
herewith transmitted for the decision ot the Second
Comptroller of the Treasury thereon.
JOHN WILSON, Auditor.
Hon. John M. Brodhead,
Second Comptroller of the Treasuryy.
Second Comptroller's Office.
I admit and certify the abovebalance, this 29th day
of April, 1867.
J. M, BRODHEAD, „
Second Comptroller*
