1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Apkil 29,1857.
W. Bulfinch is now in Washington, and will re-
main till he Rets the draft. It had better, therefore,
be sent to him here.
JOHN WILSON, Auditor.
[Indorsements.]
Adjutant Genf.p. vl\s Office,
May 18, 1867.
Kespectfnlly referred to Major General B. R. S.
Canby, president claims commission.
,E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant GenetaL
Qjjaetebmastek Gesekal's_Office,
June 15, 3867.
Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War,
with request for $2,800, in accordance with order ot
theSecretary of'War of 15th instant. Indorsed on
letters of Mr. J. Bulfinch of same date, a copy of
which, with indorsements, is attached to this paper.
d. h. rucker;
Acting Quartermnnter General,
Brevet Major General.
The present application is for damage to the brig
from worming, notwithstanding repairs, it being
rated down by underwriters from A 11- to A 2i, m
consequence of being "wormed;" and damages,
therefore, to the amount of $5,000 arc claimed.
The questions to be considered in this connection
are—
1. Was the brigreally seized or impressed at New
Orleans?
2. Was she free from worms when she left the port
of New Orleans for Galveston? '
3. Was she placed in extra hasiird by being ordered
to Galveston?
4 Might she not have become wormed by being be-
calmed in the Gulf on tho return trip had she pro-
ceeded direct from New Orleans to New York?
5. If the Government is liable for damages as
claimcd, what is the proper measure of such damage?
As to the first question, it. may be said that the
orders of Captain Norton, assistant quartermaster,
amounted, in the estimation ol commercial men, to
an impressment.
- As reffards the second, it would appoar that, in
June, 1805, the same month in which the contract
was made, tho brig, then nearly new, was taken upon
the marine railway of the National Iron Armor and
Shipbuilding Company of Kaign's Point, New Jer-
sey,where she was put m good order, and her bot-
tom. which was found to bo free from worms, was
thoroughly calked, Tho passage from Philadelphia
to New Orleans, as appears from the abstract of the
log, was accomplished without unusual detention
in tho Gulf, and it is but fair to presume that she
leached tho fresh water of New Orleans harborwith-
out becoming wormed, and so remained, it is quite
likely, until reaching Galveston.
In answer to the third question, it is ur^ed by the
claimants that Galveston bay isinfested with marine
worms, and as the brig  as not coppered, and re-
mained at anchor there for about a fortnight in coal-
ing other vessels, she was subjected thereby to injury
from worms, a danger which the owners claim they
did not vuluntanly incur.
To the fourth query it may be said no data are pro-
duced. Mr. Buifinch, in answer to a request to fur-
nish an abstract of the log from Galveston to beyond
and eastward of Ftorida cape oil the return voyage,
says : " The captain of the brig Oeenn Belle died in
Florida; that the brig has been sold, and that the
mate of the brie: is at sea. I have, therefore, after
sending for thejog and making inquiry for it, been
unable to find it;" and that the only events within
knowledge "which occurred from Galveston to beyond
and eastward of the Florida cape wore that she was
overtaken by a hurricane which carried away her
mainsail; put into Key West, where she obtained an
old mainsail and caine to New York with it." Aside
from the presumption that she wasnotwormed after
leaving Galveston is' the fact that the Treasury De-
partment has already recognized certain portions of
the claim of the owners for worming.
The claim oncc established, what should be the
extent of damage allowed ? Accepting for the basis
the sum claimed as the measure of injury to the brig,
namely  $5,000
There should be deducted the cost of cop-
pering, as iollows:
Bill of metal     .$1,783
Putting on same, say....  200
Punching, &c  45
  2,028
Leaving the sum of  $2,972
This amount, it is believed, would be a fair equiv-
alent to the owners of the brig for actual damages,
and for the payment of wbich sum the committee
recommend the passage of the accompanying bill.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems, Mr. President,
that this vessel was chartered to proceed to New
Orleans with a cargo ; that she performed the
agreement, took the freight ana delivered it,
and notwithstanding the protest of the master
she was directed by military authority there to
proceed to Galveston. A part of the claim,
as I understand, is for freight between New
Orleans and Galveston, is it not?
Mr. MORGAN. It is for the worming of
the vessel.
Mr. HOWARD. And includes also the use
of the vessel itself?
Mr. MORGAN. No; that lias been paid
for. This is solely to cover the damage to the
vessel by worming after she left New Orleans.
The Senatoris right, so far as he states the case,
that the voyage terminated at New Orleans;
and she was there virtually impressed, and dar-
ing the impressment the damsge occurred.
Mr. HOWARD. Idonot see how she could
be impressed at that time, in the month of June,
1865, after the close of military operations both
by land and sea. I cannot see what authority
the officer in command at New Orleans had to
impress this craft and send it to Galveston by
force; and it seems to me that the case is a
little suspicious when it is alleged that this
damage was done on the voyage between New
Orleans and Galveston. I cannot understand
very well how so serioirs a damage could be
done to abottom within soshortatimebypass-
ing through the salt water, butlshould be"very
willing to pay the owner of the vessel for her
use between New Orleans and Galveston, but
I am not willing to pay for the speculative dam-
ages which are set up in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to know whether I
understand this case correctly. The vessel was
chartered at the port of Philadelphia to carry
a cargo of coal to the port ,of New Orleans.
She there discharged a portion of the cargo, and
then the quartermaster who had charge of.her
directed her to go to Galveston and deliver the
residue of her cargo at that port. The captain
of the vessel protested against going to Galves-
ton, according to the report, but went, and
while there she was detained, it is alleged, so
long that the worms injured the hull of the
vessel.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. What was that length of
time?
Mr. GRIMES. Several weeks. She was
paid $100 a day from the time she left New
Orleans until she reached Galveston. There
is no claim for that. That payment has been
made, aud the owners have already been paid
for all the repairs that were necessary to make
the vessel as good as she was before. The use
of the vessel has been paid for. and all (he re-
pairs that were necessary to make her as good
as she was before have been paid for, but the
underwriters claim that because of worming or
general deterioration—nobody can tell exactly
for what reason—she now rates below A 1,
which were the figures placed upon her before
siie entered on this cruise. Now, the question
is, is that a legitimate subject for us to pay for?
She has been paid her lepairs, she has been
paid $100 a day during the voyage. Now, ought
we to pay in addition to that the amount of
very nearly $8,000 for the deterioration neces-
sarily resulting from the performance of her
chartcr party, and which was purely incidental?
Mr. MORGAN. The Senator from Iowa
has stated the case correctly. It is for the
Senate to consider whether they will pay for
this damage occasioned by worming. All other
damage has been paid. The vessel was sent
to Texas against the remonstrance of the cap-
tain. That is clear, and all the papers have
been submitted to experts, masters of vessels,
and others.
Mr. GRIMES. She was a sailing vessel.
Did not the Senator find in his investigations
that $100 a day was a very large charter party
for a sailing vessel of that kind?
Mr. MORGAN. The committee did not
investigate that part of it, but investigated the
question whether these owners had a claim for
this damage, caused by going to Texas, for
which they had made no contract. That is the
precise condition of it so far as I can see. It
is for the Senate to consider whether this claim
ought to be paid. To me it appears to be an
equitable claim, and to the committee it ap-
peared to be an equitable claim.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this is
not a question between the underwriters, as my
friend from Iowa stated, and the Government,
but between the Government and the owners
of the vessel. I am familiar with the, case.
The man who is the principal claimant is known I
to me perfectly well, and I have been familiar
with the case ever since he came here to get
redress, and the facts in regard to it are as
stated. He is an old man eighty years of age,
living in an interior town in the State of Maine.
He chartered this vessel to the Government to
take a cargo of coal from Philadelphia to New
Orleans. She went to New Orleans, and the
captain received his discharge as having deliv-
ered the coal from the properly authorized
officer. Having done that, the vessel uot hav-
ing discharged all its cargo, the quartermaster
who was on duty there ordered the vessel to pro-
ceed to Galveston, Texas, with the balance of the
cargo. My friend from Michigan inquires what
authority he had to do it. None at all that I can
imagine; but still he did it, and the captain
could not help obeying the order; he was under
the authority of the War Department, apd the
vessel accordingly went to Texas against the
protest of the captain, and in consequence of
its going to Texas this injury occurred. .The
case has been investigated by the Committee on
Finance, and they are satisfied in regard to it.
Now, although he has been paid his-coutraet
price and the cost of certain repairs, he has
not been paid for the injury and deterioration
of the vessel. It was about all the property
that he owned. He is an old man, as I have
stated, and a member of our profession, a lawyer,
and a very honest man. He came oil here in
order to get his claim allowed at the- Depart-
ment. He came to me and asked me whom
he should employ, what agent he should get
who would not cheat him. He said he coul$
not afford to,pay much, butlie supposed he must
employ somebody. I told himthathe had better
stay and attend to his own claim, be his own
agent, and I would see that he had proper access
.to the Departments in order to forward his
claim. He stayed. The result was, that after
remaining here for some two mouths his account
passed through theaudit.ing officers of the T reas-
ury Department. They allowed him some five
or six thousand dollars. After that was done it
was sent back to the War Department, and the
War Department, uuder the law as it stood
then, placed a construction upon the contract
which certainly it was not susceptible of, and
moreover said that the allowance by the audit-
ing officers in the Treasury Department was
too much, and they would not issue a requisi-
tion for the amount, but they would allow him
about half of it. Weil, sir, lie remained still,
but became very sick and found he must get
something to pay his expenses, &c. The mat-
ter was bandied to and fro, the clerk in the
War Department refusing to make any further
allowance or any further report than about one
half that the Treasury officers allowed, and I
advised the old gentleman to take that and
come to Congress for relief and see if he could
get the balance. That difficulty was pending
for some time, the accounting officers of tho
Treasury saying that it was perfectly adjusted,
that he was entitled to the amount they stated,
having examined all his vouchers in every wav,
and the clerk in the quartermaster general's
office refusing utterly to certify it, so that lie
could not get his requisition unless he,would
take it for about half the sum. lie took it and
came to Congress to get the balance. That is
the amount of it, as I understand it. So that
he has not been paid for, the repairs, as he
understands it, that were allowed to him at,
first by the accounting officers of the Treasury,
but he has received just that amount which the
quartermaster general's office said they would
be willing to recommend the issuing of a requi-
sition for.
It was on that case as presented to the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department,
and on another case from the State of Michi-
gan or Wisconsin, in which a man was situated
in precisely the same way, whose bills went
through, but he could not get the money, that
finally a bill was introduced here amending
the practice between these Departments with
reference to the allowance of these bills, and
making the decision of the accounting officers
of the Treasury Department conclusive, with
