1869.
Senator that the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, .who is not here, -was opposed to
the passage of this bill which came from the
House, or to the bill as amended, and it was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and reported by theoi. Some six or seven
similar cases have passed during the last four
or five years.
Mr. ANTHOHY. There can be but very
few persons to whom this principle can ever
apply—only to the widows of brigadier generals
who have died in the service—and I think the
precedent is not at all dangerous.
Mr. FERRY. I do not see why there may
not be widows of other officers besides,brigadier
generals. I remember when this bill came
before the Senate from the Pension Commit-
tee there was an extreme reluctance on the
part of Senators to resist bills of this kind, and
yet at the same time the objection was made.
The ground of the increase of pension then
was that the officer was killed in battle. That
■ was the sole ground made at the last session
for this increase o.f pension beyond the ordi-
nary law; and it was said if the fact that an
officer is killed in battle is a reason for'the in-
crease of pension to his widow, then let it be
done by some general law, and not select in-
dividual cases. It seems that since then the
opinion of the Committee on Pensions being
adverse to this species of legislation, the tone
of the .Senate at that time being adverse to this
species of legislation, the bills have somehow
got away from the Pension Committee, for they
were originally two bills, and have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Millitary Affairs.
I confess I do not like this species of legisla-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. The reason why the Com-
mittee on Pensions declined to recommend
these bills was because the Committee on Pen-
sions recommend bills only according to the
law. Where there are cases where the appli-
cants do not fall within the letter of the law,
but come clearly within its spirit, the Com-
mittee on Pensions report bills. Now the law
allows no pension higher than thirty dollars a
month; but there have beenseveral cases where
the widows of brigadier generals have received
a pension of fifty dollars a month. I think the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions him-
self would be in favor of a general law, I cer-
tainly Should be, increasing the pensions of
this grade of pensioners, of whom there are very
few, up to fifty dollars a month. I see no reason
why this* bill should not pass; and if there are
other cases—they must be few—I see no reason
why they should not pass also.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The law grades the
pensions of officers, commencing with the low-
est rank and going by five dollars a grade up to
thirty dollars, which reaches to a lieutenant
colonel; and all officers higher than a lieutenant
colonel getthesame. It is similar in the Navy,
except that the grades are a little different for
the same names of officers. I think the rate
for a lieutenant in the Navy is the highest in the
naval service. However, that is not material
to this discussion.
These bills have from time to time been sent
to the Pension Committee, who have, since my
connection with it, uniformly refused to enter-
tain them on the ground that their business is
properly confined to ascertaining whether the
party is entitled to a pension, and if they find
that he is so entitled to a pension they can only
give properly the pension which the law fixes;
and to ask anything beyond the regular rate of
pension is to ask as it were a gratuity or a re-
ward for extra services. Thiswould bringthese
bills here; the parties themselves and their
friends come to me and talk to me about the
very eminent services of the deceased, about
his great sufferings, great losses, and great sac-
rifices perhaps. I can only tell them that we
have nothing to do with that, nor should we.
If a man is to be allowed for extra military
services it is most certainly the province of the
Military Committee to consider it and judge of
it. We are not supposed to have the inform-
ation officially which enables us to judge in
such cases, and do oat like to take, the
function upon ourselves; .
Then, there in anotherreason. If we do this
in one case we are making distinctions which
perhaps we have no right to make, unless the
case should be very strong or very different
from the ordinary pun ; and we should-not feel
ourselves, even if the matter was referred to
us for the purpose, at liberty to-make these
distinctions. It may be said that one general
has been extraordinarily successful, while an-
other has not fought so many battles or won
so • many victories; but we have reason to
believe that all these men discharged their
duties, and then of course there should be no
distinction-. Where we have every reason to
believe that a man has devoted all his skill,
all his time, and everything that goes to make
a soldier to accomplishing his duties, he has
discharged his full duty, and we cannot make
a distinction between two officers who have
equally well discharged their duty although
the successes of one may have been more bril-
liant than those of the oth«a\
At the last session there-was before the Sen-
ate a general pension bill ma-king several
amendments and alterations in the law. This
same question was up then. Bills had been
referred to the Military Committee, and I sug-
gested, I believe, to the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee to test the sense of the Senate
on the question by offering an amendment to
increase the rate of pensions according to
rank, giving a colonel thirty-five dollars a
month, and so on until the brigadier general
would get fifty dollars. The Senator from
Massachusetts, the chairman of the Military
Committee, did propose that amendment in
the Senate. Some discussion ensued, and I
believe on the suggestion of Senators around
him and all over the Chamber, perhaps, it was
withdrawn. The Committee on Pensions can
take that for nothing but an instruction to them
that they are not to report bills of this kind.
The Senate refuses to do it as a general arrange
ment, and of course we acquiesce in that. If
the Senate does not think fit to make a gen-
eral allowance offifty dollars to the widow of a
brigadier or major general, we cannot consider
that we have a right to do it in an individual
case. In no ease has the committee intended
to cast any slur whatever on the deceased by
its action on these applications. They have
all been applications for widows. On the other
hand in some cases we have esteemed them
very highly. There is one bill before the Mili-
tary Committee now which at the request of the
applicant I had referred to the Military Com-
mittee, where I knew the deceased and have
had several interviews with the widow, and I
could say not one word against him or her; on
the contrary if I did say anything, it would be
in praise of both of them as being as worthily
entitled to any benefaction the Senate had to
give as any other persons. _ But we have found
it necessary to adopt a principle. If we go on
and give a higher pension to a common soldier,
to a lower officer or a high officer than he is
entitled to by law, we open the door to a thousand
applications, and every pensioner would con-
sider himself entitled to come back upon us
and increase his pension. Unless, therefore,
some very extraordinary reasons are shown for
it I think it ought not to be done, and those
extraordinary reasons must consist in extra
services, something more than all of the same
class and grade performed.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill was passed once,
and was approved on the 27th of July, 1868.
It failed to be executed by an accident which
was exactly this ; the bill provided : "But the
sum received by her under the same shall be
deducted from the pension hereby granted;
and this pension shall be subject to the provis-
ions of the general pension law." The Com-
missioner held that he must commence by put-
ting up all the pension received, taking the
whole time it had run, and that the total of
that sum in money must be paid back by the
claimant to begin with before this law could
operate. In other wordshe held that there was
a ;rcpugnft e© on th  faee -Ae staSute, and
therefore it comes here again -simply in cotig®-
querice of the accidentthat having-been passed
by the two Houses of- Congress and approved
it failed of execution for that reason.
The bill was reported to the; Senate 'as
amended. -?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Now, I should likeatb
hear the bill read once more. •
The Chief Clerk read the billas amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have-not a
word to say in relation to this case; bub I pre-
sented a claim before Congress iff' behalf of "a
widow who lost her husband in b&*'}e?and also
her son, and she was unable to procure a pen'
sion of fifty dollars, and I see not why this bill
should pass if that is to be ignored.
Mr. J3UCKALEW. I call attention to the
fact that the pension m ane of these cases com-
mences five years back and -in the other seven
years, at the rate of fifty dollars a month; that
this bill is not to execute the act passed at the
last session at all; it includes other cases not
covered by that act.
Mr. CONKLING. The same cases."
Mr. BUCKALEW. There are three here.
There is a third pension case here.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been put in
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions have examined these subjects with great
care; of course not with the ability that the
Military Committee possess, but with as much
faithfulness,-1 feel bound to say-; and we have
been unable to see why the widows of briga-
dier generals should have any greater pension,
out of proportion to the pay of their husbands,
wliichis the basis of what the pension law gives
them already, than the widows off colonels or
captains or soldiers whose children are just as
necessitous and whose wants are just as great.
I hope the Senator will not insist upon passing
an omnibus bill of that kind to-night, but let
us lay it over and consider it. I move that the
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope this bill will not
be postponed. If this weTe the commencement
of this system perhaps the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont would be right, but this
results from the fact that a subject proper for
the consideration of the Pension Committee
has been referred at former sessions to the
Military Committee, and of course the same
policy and rules that govern the regular Pen-
sion Committee do not govern the Military
Committee. They do not feel themselves under
the same restraints of the general policy of the
law that the Pension Committee do. There
have been pensions allowed to the widows of
brigadier generals of fifty dollars a month-.
Congress has deliberately done-this in, I think,
at least four cases before these two or three
cases were considered: perhaps more than
four cases. It may have been right .or it may
have been wrong; I am not now discussing that;
but we have provided fifty dollars as the pen-
sion for the widow of a brigadier general in
several cases.
I know much of the circumstances of the
ease of Mrs. Hackleman. General Hackleman
was a lawyer in fine practice in a rich county
in Indiana. From his profession he was real-
izing to himself and his family a very handsome
competency. He volunteered ; and from one
grade to another he became a brigadier gene-
ral. He was a man of marked talent, and I
believe was quite successful in the new profes-
sion of arms, fought well and died, leaving
this widow and a family, I think, altogether
of girls; no member of the family upon whom
she could lean for support. . She has since his
death been compelled to support herself by
her own efforts, perhaps—-I think in keeping a
boarding house. Her husband was not very
provident, because from his profession he knew
that he could realize very handsomely, and he
invested very much of his means in a handsome
residence ; so that it resulted after his death
that she had this handsome house in which to
live, but nothing upon which she could provide
for herself and her daughters.
