780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
the exception that the head of another Depart-
ment had a right to request a reexamination
of it and submit evidence, if he had any, show-
ing that it was too much.
That is the state of this case. The owner
comes here simply to get what the accounting
officers of the Treasury Department allowed
him, and what the Committee on Finance,
after full examination, say he ought to receive.
If that is not a ease which addresses itself to
the justice of Congress I am unaware of one
that does.
Mr. CONNESS. If this is a case that ad-
dresses itself to the justice of Congress then
I either lack moral or generous sense. It may
be that Hack both. The age of the claimant,
I presume it will be conceded, has nothing to
do with the case. It would be as just a claim
if it were the claim of an infant as if it were,
as it appears to be, the claim of an aged man.
If there was an accounting officer in this Gov-
ernment who would allow this claim without an
appropriation having been made and its being
passed upon by Congress, that accounting offi-
cer would deserve, as I think, to be punished.
Expelling him from office would not be suf-
ficient.
Mr. President, what is the claim ? It is for
the worming of a brig. Daring \vhat period
oftinre? " From the 12th of August,1865,when
ordered from Hew Orleans to Galveston, to the
olh of September following," a period, if it
will be calculated, of about twenty-three days.
Deducting the voyage from New Orleans to
Galveston of a bri<j, which will be five or six
days probably, ana you have about seventeen
days. If the worms did $2,972 worth of work
upon that brig in seventeen days, all 1 havegot
to say is that they were the most remarkable
and industrious worms that I ever heard of, or
else they had the best brig bottom to work upon
that was ever furnished to worms in this world.
Now, sir, it may be a very unseenrfy thing
to oppose or say any thing against paying nearly
three thousand dollars to an aged man. If it
were a gratuity asked for him perhaps I should
say nothing about it; but put upon this ground
I cannot for the life of me see not merely the
justice, but the probable justice of the claim.
I may not have the necessary knowledge of
how long a period of time a given number of
worms might perforate a brig's bottom. The
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs ought to be able to give us some
light on that subject. If he is not able to do
so, I take it that he has spent many days in
maritime investigations to little purpose. I
hope that we shall hear from him ; that he
will be able to tell us something about it, to
make some approximate estimate of what a
really industrious, able, and effective army of
worms might do upon a ship's bottom in sev-
enteen days.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to make a sug-
gestion to the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia. if he will permit me.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. DKAKE. I suggest that this question
of determining how far into a ship's bottom
■worms could bore in a given time had probably
better be referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Well, Mr. President, if I
should be authorized to call in the author of
the celebrated bill that is before Congress for
making that great bore, I do not know but
that 1 should be willing to enter into the invest-
igation; but, without some extraordinary aid,
I should not expect to succeed. But there is
one little discrepancy between the suggestion
and the facts before us, that boring in granite
and slate formations differs a little from boring
in a brig's bottom. However, sir, from my
reading of this bill, and my judgment of the
case, 1 cannot see how such an allowance as
this can be made.
_ Mr. MORGAN. Mr. President, the objec-
tion of the Senator from California seems to
be that this damage could not be done within
80 short a period as seventeen days. Before
this bill was reported all the facts of the case
were submitted to ship-owners and ship-mas-
ters competent to judge, and their testimony
is that it can be done in a much shorter time
and is done in a much shorter time than seven-
teen days—that even in a week damage could
be done to this extent.
Mr. CONNESS. If that be the case all I
have to say in reply is that the port of Galves-
ton had better be closed or the ships go in with
copper bottom. Certainly it is a very danger-
ous place for ships.
Mr. HOWE. The discussion on this bill
has attracted my attention to it. The general
question is one that eannothelp interesting me
somewhat'as questions of this kind are con-
stantly being passed upon by the committee
of which I have the honor to "be chairman.
There are several points upon which I should
like a little information from the Senator from
New York who reports this bill. The report
says that the master of this vessel had " orders
which were held to be imperative." What
was this impressment? The evidence is not
afforded here ; but the committee say that the
orders received by the master "were held to
be imperative." Held by whom? By the
committee or held by the master? The com-
mittee do not state that there was any actual
impressment. I should like to know what the
evidence was before the committee on thatpoint.
Mr. MORGAN. The Senator will see by
referring to the third page of the report.
Mr. HOWARD. Was any force used, or
any threat?
Mr. MORGAN. The report states, in the
estimation of commercial men the order was
held to be imperative. It will be recollected
that I stated that all these papers had been
submitted to ship-owners and ship-masters
familiar with the shipping trade at New Or-
leans and Galveston. They state the damage
that could be done to a vessel in that length
of time. In relation to the impressment, the
papers on file show that the brig was virtually
impressed; that she went to Galveston against
the protest of the master.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from New York whether anything else
took place than issuing the order of the quar-
termaster directing the vessel to proceed to
Galveston ? Was there any threat to use force?
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know that there
was any threat; but the order was considered
to require a deviation of her course, and that
she was bound to follow it.
Mr. HOWE. The committee, instead of
reporting any of the evidence, when they speak
on the question, was the brig really seized or
impressed at New Orleans, answer that ques-
tion by declaring that " it may be said that the
orders of Captain Norton"—-which they do
not give us here—" assistant quartermaster,
amounted, in the estimation of commercial
men, to an impressment." Well, now, Mr.
President, the " estimation of commercial
men," I think, cannot be received as a guide
to the Congress of the United States upon
what is or is not an impressment of a vessel.
The order of Captain Norton, assistant quar-
termaster there, I suppose had about as much
validity to compel this vessel to go to Galves-
ton as my order would have had—just about
that and no more. It seems to me rather ap-
parent that the master of the vessel did not
consider it an impressment. He has not said
he was impressed. If he had put it upon that
ground we should have had one officer of the
Army to deal with, and should have known
what to do with him.
As to the question how much the owner of
this vessel has been damaged, or whether he
has been damaged at all by the use of this ves-
sel, or by sending her from New Orleans to
Galveston, the committee have come to the
conclusion, strangely enough, that the worming
of the vessel was occasioned by that particular
part of her trip. It was not done during the
two months that she was on her way from Phil-
adelphia to New Orleans, but was done in the
seventeen or twenty days that she was between
New Orleans and Galveston.
Mr. GRIMES. And she remained in Gal-
veston a month after she was discharged.
Mr. HOWE. That makes it a little more
extraordinary still. I had overlooked that fact;
I glanced over the report hastily. She was con-
tracted with on the 23dof June; she was dis-
charged in New Orleans on the 9th of August;
but instead of being regularly discharged it
seems Captain Norton ordered or requested her
to go to Galveston, and there the discharge was
completed on the 5th of September. There
she remained coaling, and was then hauled into
an adjacent wharf for the purpose of loading
for the return voyage, and on the 3d of Oc-
tober sailed for New York. From the 5th of
September to the 3d of October she lay there
at her own option, taking in a new cargo;
and .the committee have come to the conolu-
sion not only that she was not wormed on her
passage from Philadelphia to New Orleans,
but that she was not wormed in Galveston bay
between the 5th of September and the 3d of
October, and that she was wormed at that par-
ticular period of time transpiring between the
22d of August and the 5th of September.
I cannot say that that was not so, but I should
think the evidence would be very extraordi-
nary that should force me to that conclusion ;
and I think the committee do not say that there
was any particular evidence on that point, but
th-ey say it was the opinion of commercial men
andship-ownersthatthevesselmightbe wormed
in a very short time down there. If it could
be wormed in a short time it certainly could in
a long time. If it could be wormed in seven-
teen days it could be wormed in thirty-odd
But, besides, the accounting officers have
gone over.this subject with, I take it, as much
evidence before them as we have. They have
not only paid for the use of the vessel, but they
have undertaken to assess and pay damages,
and they paid a very liberal bill of damages, as
I understand it, $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated to the Senate
that the accounting officers allowed $5,000 or
somewhere over, but the owner has been paid
only half that sum.
Mr. HOWE. I judged from this report that
he had been paid $3,000 and something over
for damages.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not remember
exactly the amount, but all he claims is the
balauee—the difference between what he got
and what the accounting officers allowed. The
accounting Officers of the Treasury who exam-
ined his claim and all the evidence in relation
to the claim allowed him something over five
thousand dollars—between five and six thou-
sand, if I recollect aright—and the War De-
partment refused to pay that amount, and paid
him part. In consequence of this difference
for a long time he could not get anything.
The Treasury Department accounting offi-
cers would not move from their allowance,
and that not being acceptable to the War De-
partment no requisition could be issued; but
finally they were prevailed upon to let the old
man have the amount that was allowed by
both, leaving the balance still unpaid.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt that this
gentleman has been put to a great deal of
trouble if he has got any money out of the
Government. I have never known a man to
get much out of the Government except at a
good deal of trouble. But this report states
that the accounting officers allowed him $2,500
for freight, and allowed him $3,283 05 for cost
of repairs of injuries from worming while in the
service under impressment, less the item of
painting, $190. The net sum allowed him 
Mr. FESSENDEN. He only got one half
what was allowed by the officers of the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. HOWE. This is the officer of the
Treasury himself, the Third Auditor, who cer-
tifies to this allowance. This is what the com-
mittee report to us. Now, it seems to me that
the evidence that this vessel was impressed by
anybody is entirely unsatisfactory.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the Senator give w-ay
