1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to me for- a moment? I have a report from
the Treasury Department on the very point he
is now speaking of. The Third Auditor, Mr.
John Wilson, says :
".From the evidence thus given in the case it is
apparent that the order given at New Orleans to pro-
ceed with the brig to Galveston, Texas, and discharge
the remainder of th« cargo amounted to an impress-
ment. The bill of lading signed by the captain
expressly designated New Orleans as the port of
destination. The master and owner assign the rea-
sons why they would not have chartered her for the
coast of Texas—the danger of worming and the con-
sequent injuries therefrom,"
Mr. Brodhead, the Comptroller, under date
of April 27,1867, states :
" I have examined the full and elaborate report of
the Auditor in the ease of the brig Ocean Belle.
"The facts are plain that an impressment of the
vessel was made by the military authorities on the
9th of August; that the voyage undertaken in pur-
suance of a contract, as carrier, made withtlie Navy
Department, terminated on the arrival of thebrig at
New Orleans and the receipt of the delivery of the
coal by Commodore Downs. The claim for per diem
and for cost of repairs is valid, but the supposed
damages, while they may properly come before Con-
gress or the Court of Claims, cstnnoi be legally settled
by the accounting officers.^ Payment, therefore,
may be made of the sum, $5,763 05."
The Auditor and Comptroller, then, thus give
their opinion on the two points here raised!
Now, a word in relation to the worming.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask; the
Senator a question : whether it appears upon
£he evidence that the vessel was exposed to
greater danger and did suffer greater injury
Because of being carried to Galvestou than if
she had stopped where she was intended to
stop ?
Mr. MORGAN. The evidence is, that worms
are not found at New Orleans.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Were they not found
in the Gulf where she was sailing before she
got to New Orleans?
Mr. MORGAN. Undoubtedly, in salt water.
The committee took the testimony of ship-
masters and ship-owners on the point. I will
read the deposition of Mr. A. L. Allen, of the
city of Bath, Maine. He says ;
I am by profession a ship-builder, of twenty-five
year*' experience. Dui-ing seven years, from 1851 to
1858,1 built at Norfolk, Virginia, seventeen vessels,
seven ot which wore for the Government revenue
service, among which were the Joe Lane and the
Dobbin, I think still in the service. Marine worms
abound in the harbor of Norfolk. -I have known ot
many instances of their damaging vessels. Irom
my knowledge of these worms i would say that a
vessel on a single bottom, •?. e..not coppered, could
not liein waterinfected with them more than eight or
ten days before the worms would so fasten on her
bottom that when she left port they would still re-
main in her and continue doing damage until the
vessel is tnken into fresh water or put into dock,
either of which will kill them. Where a vessel rating
A Is (which is a good rate for vessels of the class of
the brig Ocean Belle) can always obtain a first-class
freight, the same kind of vessel rating A2i couldnot
obtain said freight, and would, moreover, have to
pay from three to four per cent, extra premium. I
was on one occasion required by insurers to put a
vessel in dry dock at Norlolk in order to destroy the
worms before going to sea; this vessel had been at
Norfolk about threo weeks. Worms will live and
continue to do damage throughout a voyage. An ew
vessel, worth from twenty-five to thirty thousand
dollars, which has been rated down from A lito A 2k,
would be reduced in value from five to seven thou-
sand dollars, and thereplankingherwould costfrom
five to six thousand. The depreciation m her classi-
fication and the neccssary repairs to make her sea-
worthy would be from ten to twelve thousand dol-
lars. I knew tho brig Ocean Belle while she was
building in 1864. „ , „
A. L. ALLEN.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to inquire of the
Senator fromNew York if lie knows the amount
of the charter party, what was to be paid a
day for the use of this vessel from Philadel-
phia to New Crleans? I apprehend that, inas-
much as there was $100 a day paid from New
Orleans to Galveston, it will be found that the
owner of this vessel compensated himself by the
the extra amount that he charged for the extra
risk that he took.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterdajr is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is evident that
the bill which has been discussed is likely to
occupy some time, and therefore I must insist
on going on with the regular order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose this bill will
go over until the morning hour to-morrow.
EVENING SESSION roil THURSDAY NEXT.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission-of
the Senator from Maine, before the regular
Order is proceeded with I submit the follow-
ing motion:
Ordered. That tho Senate hold a session at seven
o'clock p. tu. on Thursday, the 4th instant, for the
purpose of coasMering reports from the Committee
op. Private Land Claims and the Committee on Pub-
lic Xands.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask the Senator if
there will be business enough from those two
committees to occupy tho whole evening?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot answer. I do
not kijow what discussion those bills may elicit.
There are several of them, House bills, which
have already been passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I am willing, of course, that
other business should be transacted if the bills
of these committees do not occupy the whole
time.
Mr. HOWE. Let me ask tho Senator, then,
to amend his order by putting in "and other
private claims."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no oty'ection. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
■will be so modified.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will this resolution
exclude everything but private business that
evening?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It embraces reports from
the Committee on Private Land Claims and
reports from the Committee on Public Lands,
and other private matters.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Reports from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands are public business, of
course.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The business will be
partly public and partly private.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 move to modify the
resolution so as to confine it to private bills.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There sre one or two
bills from the Committee on Public Lands that
I should like to have passed, and I think they
are essentially necessary. I do not know
whether they will be regarded as private bills
or not. They relate to grants of land for rail-
roads, extending the time, and matters of that
kind.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to amend the resolu-
tion by confining it to private bills.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope it will not be
amended in that way. I do not expect to
bring up any business on Thursday eveningof
any great general importance, but what the
effoct of the amendment might be I am not
able to say. It mightpreventthe consideration
of the very bills I desire to have considered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE 1'llOJX T1IE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhehson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
193) for the temporary relief of the poor and
destitute people in the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate for
the appointment of a joint committee of the
two Houses at the beginning of the Forty-First
Congress, to continue during said Congress, to
examine and report upon the expediency of
reorganizing the civil service in the several
Departments of the Government.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, m which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1323) for the relief of
Walter D. Plowden; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 435) directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to withhold the
payment of certain money.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 211)) for tho relief of George
W. Lane, superintendent of the branch mint at
Denver, Colorado, and Assistant Treasurer ot
the United Statesj!<tp<i it was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
INDIAN REPORT.
Mr. MORRILL,-of Maine, submitted the
following'resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
jftesolved. That one thousand copies of the report
of tlio Indian commission of January 7, 1868, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
865) to authorize the consolidation of infantry
regiments, and for other purposes ; which was
read twice by its title, referre.d to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
860) granting a right of way over the public
lands of the United Statesto the Oroville and
Virginia .City railroad) and .to provide for its
construction ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 807)
to establish certain post roads iu California;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unammoua
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 868) for the relief of the inhabitants
of Great Salt Lake City,; in the Territory of
Utah; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to, the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed. . i ,
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 809)
granting lands to aid in the reclamation ot
desert lands in the Territory of Utah; which
was read twice by its title, referred U> t.he Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 870) to provide for a temporary increase of
the pay of officers in the Army of the United
States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
871) to authorize the transfer of lands granted
to the Union Pacific Railway Company, east-
ern division, to tiie Denver Pacific Railway auu
Telegraphic Company, and to expedite the com-
pletion of railroads to Denver, in the territory
of Colorado; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. ,
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 87*2) in relation to the elective franchise
in the city of Georgetown; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 873) amendatory-of an act entitled An
act amendatory of an act to provide a tempo-
rary government for the Territory of Mon-
tana,'' approved May 26, 18(54; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
^'Sr^HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 874) to establish a department ot
home affairs; which was read twice by its
title referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution fS. it. No. 215) proposing amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table.
