1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
York. I suggest to my honorable friend, how-
ever, that he will see at once that to under-
take to maintain courts on the coast of Africa
at these two points with an appropriation of
$100 is simply a practical denial of the binding
stipulations of the treaty.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Mr,.
President, if it were in my power to strike the
treaty out of existence at a blow I should do
it; and I will confers to the gentleman that
my purpose is to nullify the treaty as such.
This subject came .up a year ago when the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill was
before the Senate. The amount previous to
that time having been $17,000 it was struck
down to $12,000. The $5,000 which was
struck off had been used to pay for office rent or
for rooms in New York in which the court was
to be held. Since that time the court has been
peripatetic. It has no room in New York in
which to hold its sessions, and if it had any,
room it would have had.no session to hold in
that room. I wish to say nothing personal in
relation to the members of these courts, but
the judge of this court in New York is a man
so far advanced in life that every Senator must
know that he is entirely unfit to fulfill the duties
of a judge in any court whatever.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken in regard to the capacity of the geptle-
mau .referred to to perform the duties of a
judge. Although he is somewhat advanced in
years, still,I have lately seen him, and he is as
well qualified, I might say, as he ever was; and
we all know he was once well qualified for the
duties of that office.
Mr, PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
met a gentleman last evening who is intimately
acquainted with him, and he told me that he
was so far advanced in life that he was utterly
disqualified to perform the duties of this office.
Mr. DIXON. He is mistaken.
Mr. SUMNER. Was it anybody that knew
him ?
Mr. PATTERSON, of, New Hampshire.
Perfectly.
Mr. DIXON. He is adyaneed in life, and
it might have been inferred from that that he
was disqualified ; but he is a man whose men-
tal faculties are, I think, remarkable.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the objection
of the Senator from New Hampshire is that
he has no duties to perform.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then, sir, there is no need of any court.
Mr. SUMNER, But, then, the Senator ar-
gues that the judge is incompetent.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
But the gentleman bases his advocacy of the
maintenance of this appropriation upon the
ground of the utility of the court. If it has
any utility, it must have some duties to per-
form. If it has any duties to perform the
judge is entirely disqualified by age to perform
those duties. That is my argument. Further-
more, I wish to say that one member of this
court at Cape Town is from my own State. I
happen to know that he has not been in Africa
for a very long time; he is in this country ;
and from conversations with liim I know that
he regards the court as entirely unnecessary.
The objection urged by the gentleman from
Maine, the chairman of the eommitteee, is
that by reducing the salaries of the judges to
$100 we virtually annihilate the court. Well,
sir, if the members of these courts are to reside
in the United States they can reside here on
$100 as well as $2,000. They have no duties
to perform. The office is merely a nominal
one, and let the salaries be nominal also ; or
if you are to have any judges and arbitrators
appointed appoint some persons who reside at
Sierra Leone and at Cape Town, and let them
have this salary of $100.
Mr. SCJMNER. Mr. President^ I will begin
what I have to say 
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to allow
me to offer an amendment, and then he can
proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I propose to obviate the
difficulty iu this case, and to meet what I think
are the facts, by the following amendment,:
Provided, That the salaries of the, judges shall be
paid to them onlyupon the condition that they reside
at the places where the courts are to be held, as pro-
vided by law, and only for so mueh of tho time as
they reside at such places.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Indiana asked a question a moment
ago, who are these judges and arbitrators, and
he said that he understood that they were not
at their posts, and on that account he proposed
to strike out their salaries. I submit to my
friend that it is very swift legislation for us to
undertake to strike out salaries merely on a
report that certain persons are not at their
posts. Let us have official information on
which to act.
Now, as to this inquiry, who are these judges
and arbitrators, I turn to the last Blue Book
and find their names, as follows: Truman Smith,
judge, employed in New York, born in New
York, appointed from New York, with a sal-
ary of $2,500 a year; Benjamin Pringle, judge,
employed at Cape Town, born in Ne!w York,
appointed from New York, salary $2,500;
George W. Palmer, judge, employed at Sierra
Leone, appointed from New York, with a sal-
ary of $2,500; Cephas Brainard, arbitrator,
employed at New York, born in Connecticut,
appointed from New York, with a salary of
$2,000; William L. Avery, arbitrator, em-
ployed at Cape Town, born in Vermont, ap-
pointed from New Hampshire, with a salary
of $2,000; F. A. Whittlesey, arbitrator, em-
ployed at Sierra Leone, born in New York,
appointed from New York, with a salary of
$2,000.
That is in answer to the inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Indiana as to who these judges and
arbitrators are. I have read their names, whence
they were appointed, and where they reside.
If they are not actually residing at their posts
the proposition of the Senator from Indiana
will not be out of place, because it will help to
stimulate them to their duties. They ought to
be at their posts ; and it seems to me that the
State • Department has made a mistake if it
has allowed them, without criticism, to absent
themselves from their posts. But because they
are absent from their posts that is no reason
why, merely on unofficial information, we
should undertake to strike out these salaries,
to which we are bound by positive legislation
in support of a treaty between Great Britain
and the United States.
And that brings me to the, main question.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
he wishes to strike down this treaty. 1 do not
envy him the warfare that he wages against
one of the monuments of our civilization. Let
him proceed, however, in his attempt to strike
down the treaty. That is legitimate. But let
it be struck down by legitimate means, not
seek to undermine it here by an act of legisla-
tion, not violate the faith which, through the
treaty-making power, this country has pledged,
and which has been carried out feebly enough,
by an act of legislation. Let us stand by the
treaty, and stand by the act of legislation in
pursuance of the treaty, until the treaty in a
proper way is terminated.
And that brings me to what I submit is the
practical view of this whole question ; and if
I can have the attention of my friend from
New Hampshire I shall not despair of induc-
ing him to see it. If I can have his attention
for one moment I will venture to suggest what
seems to me the practical way of proceeding
in this case. I may err; but I submit what
has occurred to me. The Senator dislikes the
treaty. He wants to terminate it. The treaty
has provided for its own termination. The
Senator is impatient. He will not wait until
1872.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not wish to be misrepresented iu this mat-
ter. I do not dislike the treaty per se if the
treaty accomplished any good ; but the treaty
is doing no good, and I therefore wish to strike
a useless expense from the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then the Sen-
ator dislikes the treaty. He wishes to term-
inate it. He says that it is useless; that it is
doing no good; and therefore he dislikes it
and seeks to terminate it. Now what I sub-
mit as the practical way of dealing with the
question is: terminate it according to your con-
tract. You have in the treaty provided for its
termination after the lapse of ten years, in 1872.
Aud now if the Senator in his impatience to
terminate this treaty against the slave trade,
by -which our country is pledged to a very
small payment of money, a very humble pen-
alty for all that we have done in times past
for slavery—if he is so impatient to terminate
this treaty in advance of its stipulations, why
not, by a resolution of this body, invite the
attention of the committee of which he is an
honored member, to which such topics are
usually referred, and ask them to take in con-
sideration ^and report to the Senate on the
expediency of taking such steps, if any are
possible, as will bring that treaty to a term-
ination in advance of the time fixed by its stip-
ulations? That would be a practical mode
of proceeding; and I think also it would be
one that recognizes properly the treaty-mak-
ing power. But I do humbly submit that
the course proposed by my excellent friend
does not recognize properly the treaty-making
power, and does set at nought the public faith
of our country as pledged by this treaty.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should like to ask the gentleman if the treaty
stipulates the amount of salary which shall be
paid to the members of these courts?
Mr. SUMNER. It does not.
Mr. PATTERSON, of NewHampshire. I
should like to know if.it provides that there
shall be a room for each court to hold its ses-
sions?
Mr. SUMNER. It does not.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Now I want to know if the non-provision of
such a room repudiates the treaty?
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator
whether a tree may not be girdled as well as
cut down?
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Yes,
sir ; and I propose to girdle it by cutting down
the salaries of these judges.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator chooses to
girdle the, treaty instead of cutting it down.
Now, I simply suggest to my friend that he
follow the terms provided by the treaty pre-
cisely as it is nominated in the bond. There
it is. He is pledged by it; -we are all pledged
by it. The treaty is to last for ten years by its
stipulations, bringinguponboth countries acer-
tain amount of expenditure. We all know that
England pays much larger sums than we do.
Her judge at New York has a salary threefold,
fourfold, more than the judge that we have
there.
And now, as I allude to our judge, allow me
to say that I am one old enough in this Cham-
ber to remember the honorable services and
remarkable qualities of Hon. Truman Smith,
certainly no ordinary man; and now, though
somewhat advanced in life, and perhaps not
having all his original freshness, yet when I
last saw him, which was not very long ago, I
found no failure in those remarkable faculties.
He was to me bright, genial_, intelligent, and
with an excellent judgment; in short, showing
the judicial character. The Senator in order
to carry his purpose launches a judgment
against this distinguished citizen. 1 regret it.
I wish it were otherwise.
Allow me to call attention to one other mat-
ter of fact with reference to Mr. Smith. When
he was appointed to the post of judge he was
told that it was inconsistent with his continu-
ing longer in the profession. He had begun to
gather a practice about him in New York, and
he hesitated at first about giving it up; but he
did give it up and accepted this judicial ap-
pointment; and now, under the suggestion
that there are no cases before the court or that
he is too old, it is proposed to cut down his pay
to nothing, by indirection to find direction out,
not to remove him directly, but indirectly to
