1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
mm
tions. We have more resources in proportion
to otir population, when compared with the
amount of our indebtedness, than any nation.
These resources have been and are being devel-
oped with a rapidity that is unparalleled in his-
tory. Why, then, is it, I ask members of this
House, that to-day whileBuropean nations bor-
row money at three or three and a half percent,
interest we are compelled to pay six per cent,
on all the loans we have made ? Is it because
any one doubts our ability to meet our obli-
gations? • No, sir. We are the only nation on
the globe that has ever discharged in full its
national debt. It is our history, and we are
entitled to be proud of it. All know .that we
can meet our obligations, and that the spirit
which carried us through the rebellion which
has just closed will carry us through any finan-
cial necessities that honesty and honor may
demand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to know
what the gentleman means by saying that we
are'the only nation that has ever discharged
its debt in full. I certainly do not understand
what he means.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman is extremely
critical. I suppose he has faith in General
Jackson ; he ought to have. President Jack-
son, in his seventh annual message to Con-
gress, says:
'* Since my last annual communication all the
remains of the public debt have been redeemed, or
money has been placed in deposit for this purpose
whenever the creditors choose to receive it."
This is what I mean when I say we have
before paid our debts in full.
But to return to the point I was discussing.
I was asking the question why it is that with
resources conceded to be adequate to meet all
the claims upon us we are now paying six per
cent, interest on our interest-bearing debt,
amounting in the aggregate to $150,000,000
per annum ? I will tell yon why, in my opinion,
it is so. It is because we have thrown dis-
credit upon our own obligations. It is because
by our internal strife in politics we have thrown
doubt upon our good faith. It is because some
have pretended that if a creditor held our note
for $1,000 bearing interest that we had a legal
right to pay that with ten $100 notes not bear-
ing interest. If between individuals such a
transaction would not come within the defini-
■ tion of honesty, is the case changed when the
Government does that or attempts to doit?
We cannot pay our indebtedness now. If we
desire to reduce our rate of interest we must
have the money to pay the outstanding obliga-
tion and that must be borrowed. So long as
a doubt remains as to the intentions and good
faith of the nation no money can be borrowed,
and the present rate of interest must continue
to be paid.
It was said by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in opening this debate
that faith in our intention to meet our obliga-
tions is the basis of all credit, a belief not only
in our ability to pay, but in our disposition so
to do; and I say very frankly .that technical
discussions as to the meaning of our under-
taking when we promised to pay a dollar and
the search after some way in which that obli-
gation might be abridged is one of the great
causes why our debt cannot be funded at four
per cent., thus saving to the nation $50,000,000
per annum. I make no attack, Mr. Speaker,
upon any person or party. I only refer to
facts which are now a part of the history of
this country, and thedoubts occasioned thereby,
that our discussions have shaken the faith of
the public as to our securities, and until set at
rest all hopes of reducing our rate of interest
must be given up. Our ability to pay finally
is undoubted. Place our faith beyond debate
and cavil and this nation can command the
money market of the world. Our five-twen-
ties, bearing six per cent, interest, are pay-
able at our pleasure after five years. When
we can borrow money at four per cent, we are
authorized by the terms of the contract to call
in these obligations and stdp the six per cent,
interest. The purpose of the first section of
this bill is to establish our credit by acting in
good faith, and. that done the result I have
named follows. We discussed at the last ses-
sion a funding bill, the purpose being to con-
solidate the debt and obtain a lower rate of
interest, and in that mode and to that extent
to relieve the people. All such laws will be
useless until we are in condition to say and
show that our income from honestly collected
taxation exceeds our expenditures, and that
our promise to pay is perfectly sure at all
times and upon all occasions. It is perfectly
evident from the estimates of income and the
amount authorized to be expended that we are
in a condition to comply with the first of my
propositions. Shall the second be demon-
strated without resort to technicalities and
quibbles? When that is done the United
States of America can borrow any amount of
money to take up her outstanding high-inter-
est-rated obligations and substitute therefor a
lower rate of interest, and we can change our
obligations from six per cent, to four per cent.
It is said that no man will give up six per cent,
obligations and take four per cent, obligations.
It is no matter whether he desires to do so or
not. The law allows us- when we have the
money to pay the five-twenties. We can order
the holders to surrender them and get the
money at the Treasury, and a failure to do so
stops interest on them. Such are the express
terms of the contract. Why, then, should we
not save $50,000,000 per annum? It is worth
struggling for; and to that end the bill of the
Committee of Ways and Means has been pro-
posed. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Pkuyn] says that he does not see any object
or purpose in this bill, and he asks the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] whether he
intends to change the terms of the law. What
are the terms of the law has been and is a dis-
puted question. It has been in the arena of
politics and party strife; good men have dif-
fered and demagogues howled vociferously,
and while this controversy was going on among
ourselves the man that is in condition to help
you reduce your interest from six to four
per cent, stands back and says I have your
note for a dollar; if it does not mean a dol-
lar I shall avoid getting any more of such
stuff. The commercial laws of the world' rec-
ognize coin as the standard of value, and the
United States, as part of tha,t whole, made and
recognized a dollar a dollar in coin. Many of
the laws under which five-twenties were issued
were enacted before the legal-tender act; and
they had in part been executed by the issue of
bonds under them. Will the gentleman from
New York make us believe that anything but
coin was within the intent of the law-makers?
My time will not allow me to discuss this ques-
tion or endeavor to satisfy doubts. It is to avoid
these doubts and thus enable us to be in con-
dition to lighten taxation by reducing interest
that I would have this law passed. Will the
act be beneficial in producing this result? If
so I am in favor of it. It is my firm belief that
such will be the result. This House on Satur-
day last closed the business of Treasury broker-
age, so far as its action could do it, by the tak-
ing from the Secretary of the Treasury all power
to sell and buy bonds, settling thus the amount
of our debt. The duty of wise^ statesmanship
is to proceed with such legislation as will con-
solidate our debt at the lowest possible rate of
interest.
Mr. Speaker, I do not suppose it would be
out of order m the discussion of this question
to remind our friends on this side of the Hall,
and with whom I act politically, that we are
committed to the principles of this bill by the
action of the convention that presented Gen-
eral Grant's name as the standard bearer_ in
the late political contest. In the declaration
of principles will be found the following:
"That the national debt, contracted as it has been
for the preservation of the Union for all time to
come, should be extended over a fair period of re-
demption ; and it is the duty of Congress to reduce
the rate of interest thereon whenever it can be hon-
estly done.''
And agaiu:
"That the best policy to diminish our burden of
debt is to improve our eredit,, that esmiialists will
seek to loan us money at lower rates,qnijterest than
we now pay, an.d m-u*t eoutmue to pay so Jong as
repudiation, -partial -or total, open or covert, is
threatened or suspected." -
I find that my convictions of what is both
expedient and right are fully-in accord with
the principles enunciated by the party with
which I acted politically, and I shall with pleas-
ure give my vote for this bill.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bromweli,.]
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker,* so far as
the first .section of this bill -is concerned, I
have heard with great pleasure the words of
my colleague from the Chicago district, [Mr.
Judd.] The people of Illinois, and I believe
the people of every State in this Union, are
determined that the war debt of the United
States and every other public obligation of this
country shall be paid in such manner as to
reflect no dishonor whatever upon the Republic.
Now, ail the Government of the United States
has to do is to make its promises for gold, its
greenbacks, as good as gold, and the question
which divided parties last year will be no more.
It is true, in my opinion, that the speeches and
arguments of distinguished gentlemen upon
this floor, Republicans and Democrats, on the
subject of paying off our greenbacks have cost
this Government $50,000,000 a year, and will
cost it that much until we have satisfied the
world that our bonds mean just what an Eng-
lish bond means, and that is gold for gold.
The way to economize is to get money at a
low rate of interest, and nothing will bring that
about but the plan suggested by my colleague.
It may be that the second section of this bill
may have some effect in that- direction. But
take it all in all I do aver that I never will vote
for any section in any bill that scales down the
greenbacks of this country. This is not—and
I commend this thought to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
—this is not like a case in which the Govern-
ment is legislating about bank notes. This cur-
rency is the work of the Government itself.
And will this Government issue notes purport-
ing to be a legal tender, and then, by your own
legislative action, advertise the Government as
bankrupt, by declaring that your notes are not
as good as gold, and that you will do nothing
to make them so ? I am opposed to any such
measure, come from what source it may.
And I am glad this opportunity is offered me
to speak my mind about this matter, lest I
should be compelled to vote without an ex-
planation, as I did the other day upon the con-
stitutional amendment. Rather than vote that
this Government will consent for a moment
that its money is not as good as gold and so
considered I will vote against the whole bill.
I cannot sit down without further calling the
attention of this House to the great importance
of banishing and forever from the public mind
the thought that this Government will ever
quibble with its creditors by offering thern paper
of its own in place of gold, which paper it does
not, make equivalent to gold in their hands.
They are paying to-day for the stump speeches
which gave candidates for the Presidency their
prominence last year at the rate, I believe, of
$50,000,000 a year. And the tax-payers, Dem-
ocrats and Republicans, are bound to struggle
under this burden as long as we keep up the
controversy whether we will make our credit
good or not. This is all I have to say on this
subject. ,
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from California [Mr. AxtellJ for five
minutes. ,
Mr. AXTELL. I propose to address the
House at this time for the purpose of sustaining
both sections of this bill. The first section
provides that bonds of the United States, ex-
cept where otherwise expressly provided for,
shall be paid in gold and silver coin, which is
simply equivalent to sayingthat thebonds shall
be paid. And I think that this Congress should
give no uncertain utterance before the world
to that sentiment.
