tm
THE CONGRESSIOHisE GLOBE.
February 2>
remove him by making it impossible for him
longer lo continue in that office. I hope that
no such thing will be done. I hope that if the
Senator continues his opposition to this treaty
he wilt take the regular way—have it exam-
ined by a committee of this body, and on their
report proceed to take such steps for the term-
ination of the treaty as are consistent with the
public faith.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Secretary to read
the amendment which I offered, which I think
is entirely acceptable to the chairman of the
committee.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the pending amendment so thatitwill provide
for addiug at the end of line one hundred and
fifty-two the following proviso:
Provided, That the salaries of the judges shall be
paid to them only upon the condition that they re-
eido at the places where the courts are to be held as
provided by law. and only for so much of the time
as they reside at such places.
Mr. MORTON. While this treaty lasts we
are bound in good faith to carry out its pro-
visions. I believe we still keep a squadron on
the coast of Africa, although I think it has not
accomplished anything. The slave trade is
virtually dead, and it will die entirely with the
expiration of slavery in Cuba, tyhtch cannot
last very long after this.
But, Mr. President, I understood the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to say that the fact
that these judges did not reside at the points
in Africa where they are required to be by the
treaty was. not a good reason for not voting
their salaries.
Mr. SUllNBR. I made no such proposition
as that. It is no reason for cutting down the
treaty; it is a reason for criticism oti the State
Department for allowing them to stay away,
or tor criticism on them ; but I accept the idea
of the Senator's proviso. They ought to-stay
at their posts ; and if they are not there, then
individually they ought not to receive their
salaries unless they have left on some slight
leave of absence.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the fact to be
that they have not been there for years ; and
to vote salaries to men who do not live at the
places where they are required to hold courts
is not carrying out the treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. The first step toward carry-
ing out the treaty would be to have judges to
live at the point required and pay them for it;
but to pay them forlivingin the United States
is not carrying out the treaty, and is money
thrown away. The chairman of the commit-
tee, I believe, accepts my amendment. It
seems to me it meets the point.
Mr. FRELIN GHU ¥ SEN. What are the
points in Africa'/
Mr. MORTON. Sierra Leone and Cape
Town.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems very
clear that if we require judges to live at these
two points they ought to be paid for it.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. And I am not
certain that it is not just as clear that if we
require a judge to live m New York, although
we could get a person who had some other
occupation to hold the office we ought to pay
that judge.
Mr. MORTON. My amendment allows that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. So I understand.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I think
this is an abuse in Government for which the
State Department is responsible—the continu-
ance in place of a number of New Yorkers—
(I observe that nearly the whole list are from
that State) through a long course of years, and
paying them full salaries when they do not
discharge any duties to the Government, and
are in fact a good part of the time absent from
the place of service. I say that in my opinion
the responsibility for this condition of things
is upon the State Department. I undertake to
say that this abuse will continue at all events jl
until the expiration of this treaty, unless Con- !
gress shall take some action upon the subject, |,
or some new incumbent of the State Depart- !!
ment shall attempt to reform these imperfec-
tions in that Department which have crept in
in the course of time, and particularly during
the last six or eight years. .
Now, sir, what is this appropriation? It is
not to pay for any past service, actual or im-
plied, real or theoretical. It is not to pay for
any current expenditure for the present fiscal
year. All that has been provided for in pre-
vious appropriations. This is a clause of
appropriation for the year commenci-ng on the
1st of July, 1869, and extending to the 1st of
July, 1870. If, therefore, we shall strike this
clause from the bill, which I hope will be done,
there will be outstanding appropriations appli-
cable to the payment of all these officers up to
the 1st of July next; and I think that by the
striking of this clause from the bill, we shall
give a hint to the State Department which will
produce the reform we desire upon this partic-
ular subject. That Department will at onee
notify these gentlemen that Congress has de-
clined to appropriate money without service
rendered after the 1st day of July next, and
if the Secretary of State and the new President
think that there is any shadow of obligation on
the Government arising out of an existing
treaty, they will take steps at once by a simple
convention negotiated with the British minis-
ter, which I.suppose would take an hour, to
put an end to this expense on the part of our
Government, and I dare* say that' the British
Government would not only be willing but
anxious to join our State Department and
President in any simple, brief convention
which might be proposed to them for that
purpose.
Upon every ground, therefore, I am averse
to making this appropriation and in favor of
striking this clause from the bill, and by so
doing inviting that necessary and proper action
by our State Department which ought to have
been taken long since. The act of Congress
under which this outlay was made was passed
in 1862i Six or seven years have elapsed. The
appropriation, I believe, is $12,500. That
would make an outlay of about eighty thousand
dollars incurred up to the 1st of July next by
our Government and paid, so far as we can
understand, without any practical object, at
least without any beneficial or useful effect from
it. It is a shame, in my judgment, that Con-
gress should appropriate money for the next
fiscal year beginning next summer and invite
the State Department to continue this condi-
tion of things. In my opinion these gentlemen
who have for half a dozen years been drawing
respectable, salaries from the public Treasury
without rendering service ought themselves to
retire from this position of stipendiaries on the
public Treasury. They should as good citi-
zens retire from their sinecure offices. I think
they should have done so long ago. If we with-
hold an appropriation they will take the hint
as well as the State Department, and I venture
to say there will be no difficulty at any future
session of Congress with reference to a similar
appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, if there was
any business for this court to do, or was any
necessity or utility for the appropriation, I
should certainly feel myself entirely willing to
vote for it; but I understand that this court
has no jurisdiction ; that the subject of the slave
trade on the part of American slavers to Africa
has long since ceased to be, and consequently
this court has no furtfier jurisdiction, because
the only subject over which it had jurisdiction
has gone out of existence. Now, I should like
to know from the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, or the chair-
man of the-Committee that has special charge
of this bill, when the last case was decided by
this court?
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that, to the
honor of our civilization, the court has not had
a case. The very existence of the court and
ofthetreaty has hadadeterringinfluence; ithas
prevented the slave trade just as a good police
111 our streets prevents burglary; but then I do
not understand that it is proposed to stop the
pay of a policeman because he has never founfl
a burglar.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator's state
ment of the fact ought to be conclusive evidence
that there is no necessity under the sun for this
court, or for any appropriation of money to
enable it to do its business, because it has no
business to do, and it never has had any busi-
ness. The reason why this court was ever
necessary at all was simply this, I presume:
so long as slavery existed in any of the States
there was "an opportunity tcsmuggle slaves from
the coast bf Africa in to'the slaveholding States;
but since slavery has been abolished in the
United States there is no longer a vestige of
that trade, This court was organized as a
common tribunal'between the two Governments
to facilitate the execution of a treaty to sup-
press the slave trade ; but since that slave trade
has wholly ceased to exist for years, and tho
court never has had a base, and it has now no
jurisdiction because the only subject over which
it ever had a nominal jurisdietion has for
years had no existence at all, there cannot be
any good sense, much less economy, in con-
tinuing the appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would the Sen-
ator think that a good reason for nOt appro-
priating for the salary of the judge of any other
court?
Mr. DAVIS. I think courts are not to be
kept up theoretically. They are not to be kept
up without answering some practical purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
read the provision of the treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the provision of
the treaty. Thehonorable Senator's position,
iu my judgment, is entitled to no consideration.
■ Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Well, let me read
the provision of the treaty and see whether that
is entitled to some. The two contracting parties
agree to maintain "three mixed courts of jus-
tice formed-by an equal number of individuals
of the two nations, named for. this purpose by
their respective Governments. These courts
shall reside, one at Sierra Leone, one at the
Cape of Good Hope, and one at New York."
I ask whether there is not an obligation on our
part which requires ua to make an appropria-
tion sufficient to enable these courts to be held
until we are relieved by a modification of that
treaty?
Mr. DAVIS. I say no, because there is no
subject-matter now upon which the treaty can
operate, and that being the fact there cannot
be any obligation in the treaty.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. ' Thehonorable
Senator is aware, I presume, that we keep a
fleet on the coast of Africa for the suppression
of the slave trade.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a very idle expense if
we do, and itought to cease instantly. I do not
understand that to be the fact, however.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the Senator from Kentucky will allow me, I
desire to ask the chairman of the committee a
question. I desire to know if he would con-
tinue the office of commissioner under the
fugitive slave law now that slavery has ceased
to exist? I think it is a parallel ease.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The answer to
that would be that Congress has repealed all
the laws on that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I will modify the question
that was put to the honorable Senator from
Maine by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire. Suppose-the laws that authorized
the appointment of commissioneis to execute
the fugitive slave law had not been repealed,
and that slavery, by the action of Congress and
the General Government and the States, had
wholly ceased to exist, could anything be more
absurd or nonsensical than that those commis-
sioners should be kept in existence and salaries
paid them when it was no longer possible for
them to render, any service or perform any
duty because fhe subject had ceased to exist?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The" Senator
will see that the case he puts is not parallel to
the case we are considering. Here are two
parties; in the case he puts there would be but
