THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
There is ao payment of these bonds except
in gold and silver. Payment does not mean
that yon shall takejjp a bond bearing interest
and give in its place a note bearing no interest
and irredeemable ; but it means that you shall
really pay the amount of the bond. And it is
necessary that we, as the American Congress,
shall go squarely and boldly before the world
with no uncertain utterance upon this point.
The action of this Congress, commencing
with its vote that the bonds should be paid, but
five or six voting in the negative, has brought
up the value of American securities twenty per
cent., gold receding from 150 to 130, from
which point it will probably never rise ; or, in
other words, American securities and legal-
tender notes have gone up, for to say that gold
rises and falls misleads the mind. Gold cannot
rise and fall, in fact. But nominally it is quoted
now at 132 and a fraction, and last autumn
it was quoted at 150. But we have in fact en-
hanced the value of our paper, while the value
of gold, remains the same. It is a misnomer
to say that gold rises and falls. And the theory
that you can make money out of chips and
whet-stones and paper and the like is all a
delusion and a snare. There is no money ex-
cept gold and silver. And when we say that we
will pay our bonds wc mean that we will pay
them in gold and silver. We are paying at the
rate of $125,000,000 a year in gold in the way
of interest on our debt, and we are abundantly
able to do so. The product of bullion from
the Pacific States alone will reach this year
$100,000,000, and it will remain at that figure
for twenty years to come.
I have not time now to explain the data upon
which I base this assertion, but I challenge the
attention of thinking men throughout the coun-
try to the fact that we are developing there
gold and silver mines that will bring up the
product of bullion to $100,000,000 a year, and
tbis added to §20,000,000 received from abroad
will afford ample means for meeting the na-
tional obligations in tbc only currency in which
they can rightfully be discharged. But for the
untimely expressions of politicians designed
for political purposes, our bonds would not
now be depressed in the markets of the world ;
we could go abroad and borrow money, en-
abling us to issue new bonds at a lower rate of
interest. If this bill be passed, as I hope it
will be by an overwhelming, or still better, a
unanimous vote, our bonds will at once exhibit
a decided advance in the markets of the world.
But, sir, the policy of paying our bonds in
greenbacks and then allowing those greenbacks
to depreciate as they must to almost nothing,
the policy of redeeming our interest-bearing
bonds with mere due-bills which bear no inter-
est and are never to be paid, is repudiation
such as must stamp with disgrace any man or
any nation that may be guilty of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] 1
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, in the biief ;
time allotted to me it would be impossible to j
discuss the legal question involved in this ■
measure, and I will not undertake to do so. I
shall merely seek to direct the attention of the
House to the position toward which the cur-
rent of events is naturally tending, and to
which we must, all of us, within a short time
find ourselves inevitably drawn. If we intend
that this Government shall ever resume specie
payments it is proper that we should at this
time indicate that intention to the world by
some bill or resolution which shall express our
determination in emphatic and unmistakable
language.
The question as to the currency in which
our bonds shall be paid, which has been so
much discussed in this Hall and throughout
the country during the last two or three years,
can be as well settled now as at any other time.
I presume-that no wise man in the country be-
lieves at the present day that the policy of the
Government will be to discharge its indebted-
ness by the issue of new obligations Although
my own mind once tended in the direction of
such a policy, yet the discussion which the 1
question has received, both here and before
the people, has brought me to the conviction
which I advocated before my constituents last
fall, that the payment of a debt by the creation
of a new debt is no payment at all. Although
this proposition had for a time been considered
doubtful by a portion of the people of my
State, yet they then decided that the bonds of
the Government are payable in money—not in
paper currency, not in greenbacks, not in bank
notes, but in that which is considered money
by all civilized nations. The decision of the
people of my State on this question was given
in such a manner as should satisfy their repre-
sentatives that the decision must be sustained.
I have stated the position I took before my
constituents, not that the law necessarily re-
quires by its terms the redemption of our bonds
in coin, but that it is our duty to make such
redemption and to declare specifically that such
is our intention. Sir, it appears to me it is
nonsense for us to discuss this question any
longer. It is nonsense for u3 to talk of paying
$2,000,000,000 of bonds with $2,000,000,000
of greenbacks. And, sir, at this time when we
are about to enter upon a new Administration
it is highly befitting that we should proclaim
to the world that we intend to pay our obliga-
tions in the currency of the world ; that we do
not intend that heieafter the bonds of our Gov-
ernment shall be worth in Loudon but eighty
cents on the dollar, while the bonds of the
State of Massachusetts are worth 105. There
is no reason for this depreciation of our bonds
in the markets of the world except that the
discussions we have had on the question have
raised a doubt as to the currency in which we
intend to discharge our national obligations.
Heretofore our bonds have constantly fluctu-
ated, rising upon the introduction here of every
resolution looking to their payment in gold,
and falling upon the introduction of every res-
olution proposing payment in greenbacks.
Now, let us stop this higglingabout it, andsay
as an honest people that wc mean to pay our
honest debts, both greenbacks and bonds, in
such money that the world recognizes as money.
If you pass the first section of this bill—I speak
of the first section; I have nothing to say of
the second section, for I leave the discussion
of that to other gentlemen—if you pass the first
section of this bill in less than thirty days the
bonds known as five-twenties will be higher in
the market than ever before since their issue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for one min-
ute to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to say nothing myself, but I
have sent up to the Clerk's desk to have read
a letter from one of the best financiers in the
country.
The Clerk read as follows:
New Yokk, February 18,1S69.
Sm : There is another point that I wish to bring
to your notice. The Secretary of the Treasury in
his report says that whiie the large customs receipts
are satisfactory in a revenue 1 oint of view, they
show that we are running in debt, to foreign na-
tions very fast. It is not proba-ble that the present
tariff will produce more tha.n $00,000,000 a year when
we cease to run in debt. In other words, nearly
one half of our customs receipts came fiom goods
for which we run in debt to foreign no tions. When
our bonds are all exhausted, and we cease to import
more than we pay for.itwill be necessary to increase
the duties on tea, coffee, andsugar, and otherarticles
of necessary consumption, in order to pay the inter-
est. We shall have to do this or reduce the interest.
The talk about funding at a lower rate of interest is
all nonsense; such a measure cannot be accom-
plished except by compulsion. These foreign bond-
holders buy our 1862 five-twenties at a great shave,
receiving six per cent, in gold on the par value, and
expect to receive the equivalent of gold for them in
thirteen years hence. (1882.) It is no wonder that our
bonds go_ abroad. They buy at 85, for instance, re-
ceiving interest at the rate of seven and a balf per
jont. in gold on 85, and in thirteen years they get
100 m gold. That is the expectation which Mr.
Schbnck's bill gives them.
Now, I hope you will not be satisfied to tax the
coupons ten per cent. I hope you will reduce the
interest to iour per cent, and let the interest be
taxed in the shape of_ income, this reduction of the
rate of interest to be in lieu of taxatio-n of the face
of the bond^. I think we cannot rightfully tax any
but our own citizens.
The amount of bonds that have been shipped re-
cently is pcriectly enormous, and in my judgment
the man is a fool who supposes the country can suffer
any such exhaustion. "Is it altogether safe," asks
Burke, "to allow the patience of the people to be
the only limit to taxation?" Mr. Schknck's bill
should be entitled: A bill to increase the burden of
taxation, encourage the export of bonds,and insure
repudiation. The real repudiators in this country
are those who are crushing the people to the earth
with unequal taxation and goading them to despera-
tion.
I am, yours, respectfully, .
Hon. B. F. Butler, M. C., Washington, D. O.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield for ten min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Dklano.]
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, considering
the time allowed to me I must direct my atten-
tion strictly to the provisions of the pending
bill. The first section pledges the faith of the
United States to pay in coin or its equivalent
all the interest-bearing obligations of the Uni-
ted States, except in cases where the law au-
thorizing the issue of any such obligation has
expressly provided that the same may be paid
in lawful money, or other currency than gold
and silver. How many members of this body are
there who do not believe that all the obligations
of the nation calling for dollars, and not ex-
pressly payable in currency or lawful money,
will be paid in coin or its equivalent? I will
risk my judgment for accuracy by saying that
there are not thirty.
We are part of a great family of nations ;
we are an important integer in this family.
We recognize and are bound by the laws, reg-
ulations, and customs of this great family, and
one of these laws, regulations, and customs is
that the precious metals alone constitute the
standard of values; and the history of centu-
ries, nay of hundreds of centuries, has estab-
lished, continued, and sanctioned this custom.
We cannotignorenorviolate thislawwithoutdis-
honor. We may have for our own use n s a tem-
porary necessity a paper dollar, but this is in
its utility local, and unknown and unrecognized
among other nations, and even here with us
the value of this paper dollar depends largely
upon its convertibility into coin. He who
endeavors to give value to paper money other-
wise than by its convertibility into coin does not
understand what he is talking about. I regard,
therefore, all efforts to create paper into
money as futile, chimerical, and mischievous,
come from whatever source they may ; and all
efforts made here or elsewhere to pay our debts
in paper promises which we have agreed to
pay in dollars seem to me as tending to dis-
honor and disgrace.
But I may be asked, Mr. Speaker, why make
this declaration or pledge now and at this time?
I answer, because the conduct of certain polit-
ical organizations and of individuals has ren-
dered it necessary. A great effort has been
made by the party which during the war opposed
the loyal people to break down and destroy
the debt which was necessarily contracted in
saving the nation's life. And" the late rebel
and rebel-sympathizing party are endeavoring
to rebuild their disrupted organization by this
attack on tiie .nation's credit, supposing that
the cupidity and avarice of the people will bo
a guarantee for success. I trust they will be
mistaken. This effort in all parts of Europe, 4
but in some places more than others, lias im-
paired confidence in our national credit and
honor, but not in our financial ability ; and this
impaired confidence has and still does depress
our securities abroad, and it is to restore this
confidence and credit we are at work to-day.
We ought, as far as possible, to remove this
stain. We must show the world that we are as
just and honest as we are strong and powerful.
This being done wo shall hereafter, and^as
soon as we are able to pay coin on our circu-
lating notes, be able to borrow money hereand
elsewhere at rates of interest as low as any
nation upon the earth, I think much lower.
Then, as our bonds become payable at the
option of the Government, we shall be able
anywhere and everywhere to negotiate new
loans at a reduced rate of interest, and thus
mitigate our national burdens and preserve
our integrity and good name unsullied and
without reproach.
