I&69.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
If the attacks upon the nation's faith to
which I have alluded, had' dot been made this
pledge of faith would not have been needed.
If the rebellion had not been commenced the
war to crush it would have been avoided. As
we met and vanquished the assaults upon the
Government so must we meet and vanquish
the assaults upon our credit and our honor.
I should be glad to move an amendment to the
second section, which, I think, would remove
objections to that section; but as I cannot
offer it I will read it here. I move to add to
the second section, so it will read as follows :
sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any contract
hereafter made specifically payable in coin, and the
consideration of which may be a loan of coin, or a
sale of property, or the rendering of labor or sorvice
of any kind, the price of which as carried into the
contract may have been adjusted on the basis of the
coin value thereof at the time of such sale, or of the
rendering of such scrvice or labor, shall be legal and
valid, apd may be enforced according to its terms;
and on the trial of a suit brought for the enforce-
ment of any such contract proot of thereal consider-
ation may be given; and if it shall be shown that
the consideration was not entirely a loan of coin, or
that the property, labor, or service, the price of
which as carried into the contract was not adjusted
on the basis of its real and actual coin value at
the date of the contract, then such agreement to pay
in coin shall be void, and the obligation shall be
enfoiced as if this act had not been passed.
This section of the bill legalizes contracts
payable in coin where coin was the only con-
sideration, and where property, labor, or ser-
vice being the consideration were placed at an
actual coin value at the date of the contract.
This provision seems to me necessary for several
reasons.
First, it is a step toward resumption, and
serves to grade the road to resumption, thus
reaching this desirable end by easy steps that
will not shock nor violently disturb the business
or material interests of the country.
Again, in our large commercial centers coin
must be used; it is necessary to pay duties, and
for otherreasons. The borrower of coin now has
to pay something for the hazard which the lender
runs when the loan is made, and business is
embarrassed and rates of interest increased.
Legalize such contracts and you will facilitate
the business of the country ; you will diminish
the rate of interest when coin is loaned ; you
will let loose coin, and, to some extent,, in-
troduce it into the channels of business; and
all this looks toward and prepares for the great
desideratum of the nation, a resumption which
shall not be attended with a too cruel and dis-
astrous shrinking or reduction of value.
I give this bill in all its parts my hearty
and cordial support, because I think it is what
the nation sooner or later must do, and I sin-
cerely think the sooner we do what is here pro-
posed the better.
I cannot omit to express my sincere thanks
to the Committee of Ways and Means for intro-
ducing this measure; and I feel assured that
whether it be adopted now or not it is destined
in the end to become the nation's policy. The
ability with which the measure has been
sustained by the chairman of the committee
strengthens the credit of this nation, let the
present fate of this measure be as it may.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will now give three min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I have
no doubt about the proposition that the five-
twenty bonds are, by the law which authorized
their issue, payable either directly or indirectly
in gold coin, tor if payable in notes the notes
are national obligations as sacred as the bonds,
and are due on demand in coin ; and hence I
shall vote for the first section of this bill upon
the ground that it is a mere expression of opin-
ion on the legal question involved. I, however,
regret its introduction here for reasons which
I will state. If it is a mere legislative opinion
upon an existing contract, in giving that opinion
we are going outside of our duty. That business
is fur the courts. On the other hand, if my opin-
ion about the law as it stands should be erron-
eous, and if it requires legislation to make these
bonds payable in gold, then I affirm we have
no right to legislate. The contract as it now
40th Coxu. 3d Sess.—No y7.
stands is written in the law under which it was
made. It was entered into by the parties with
the law before them. The tax-payers and the
bondholders are the parties to it. What right
have we upon the Supplication of one of these
parties, and without the consent of the other,
to change the terms of that contract. Hence
it is that while I shall vote for the measure as
an expression of opinion upon the existing
law, I regret its introduction at this time. If
there is any doubt in the law the tax-payers
have a right to insist that that doubt shall be
suffered M remain for the purpose of enabling
us to borrow again under a law clear of that
doubt, and at a lower rate of interest, to
discharge those bonds alleged to be question-
able, and we have no right to deprive them of
that.
With respect to the second section I am under
some difficulty. If I could be satisfied that it
was so guarded that the creditor could not use
itas an engine of oppression toward the debtor
I would vote for it with pleasure, provided
some means were attached to it by which the
legal-tender notes would not become further
depreciated as they are thrown out of use by
the introduction of coin in the business of the
country. Without this the step we are asked
to take is one from rather than toward specie
payments. But I shall probably vote for this
section also with the hope that some means will
be provided to prevent further depreciation of
the notes as a consequence of the introduction
of coin, and with the hope that Congress in the
future will protect the debtor class against the
creditor class if the law should prove to be an
engine of oppression.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
before the House, and as we all have a vote to
give upon it, and as I intend to vote "ay," I
wish to say a word or two by way of giving my
reasons therefor. I look upon it as a step
toward the resumption of specie payments in
cooperation with the recent decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States; and as I
consider the return to specie payments one of
the greatest blessings I feel it my duty, directly
or indirectly, in whatever manner I can, to
bring about that result.
The recent decision of the Supreme Court
in making gold contracts legal has led the way
to the resumption of specie payments, which
will be availed of first by the importers of the
country, next by traders generally, and in the
end, through the action of all classes, will
sooner or later, either with or without the co-
operation of Congress, in my judgment, enforce
the resumption of specie payments.
The next step is a general belief or impres-
sion that the creditof the countiyand the char-
acter of the country are able to maintain spe-
cie payments ; and this exposition of the law,
or what is intended to be the law, is calculated,
so far as Congress can go, to give that pledge
to the country and the world that we intend to
meet all our obligations of whatever kind and
character sooner or later in coin. There^ is
nothing, as I understand it, in this declaration
here which goes further than the declaration
of both parlies prior to the presidential cam-
paign.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I wish to say that that
is not Democratic doctrine.
Mr. BROOKS. This bill declares that 11 the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged
for the payment in coin or its equivalent^'all
the interest-bearing obligations of the United
States, except in cases where the law author-
izing the use of such obligations has expressly
provided that the same may be paid in lawful
money or other currency than gold and silver.''
As 1 understand this we pledge ourselves to
the maintenance of the law, and only to the
maintenance of the law.
In reply to the remark of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Vax Trump,] as I shall not have
time to continue the argument I designed to
make, 1 have to say that the precedents of the
democratic party, tEe Whole history of that
party, its beautiful and glorious history, made
by its trials and temptations', lias been for hard
money. Hard money is written upon its creed
over and over again ; and for the sixty years
that the Democratic party was in power all the
party were more or less faithful to their obli-
gations.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does the gentleman
say that the Democratic creed is embodied in
the first section of this bill?
Mr. BROOKS. I understand nothing here
to be in conflict with the Democratic creed as
eiiunciated in its council in New York.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I understand a great
deal of it to be in conflict with the Democratic
creed.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentletoa,n will
have time to reply to me. What I have to say
is that in voting for the first section of this bill
I pledge myself to abide by the law of the
country, and only by the law of the country,
nothing more and nothing less. So far as the
country has pledged itself to pay in coin it is
bound by the most solemn obligation to dis-
charge its debt in coin ; and where its debt is
to be paid in paper the pledge is to execute
the law, and only the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNELL. If this bill was in a condi-
tion to be amended I would move to strike out
the entire exception in the first section, to wit:
Except in cases where the law authorizing the issue
of any such obligation has expressly provided that
the same may be paid in lawful money or other cur-
rency than gold and silver.
I would do this, Mr. Speaker, in ordeir to
leave no shadow of doubt as to the manner in
which the public debt of the United States
should be paid. I hold that this debt is a
sacred obligation, made to preserve the nation's
life, and no shade of doubt, in my opinion,
should rest upon the character of its payment.
The nation has been saved. Her integrity
should be as spotless as her victory has been
great and overwhelming.
Leave was granted to Messrs. Burr, Coburn,
Loughkidge, Phelps, Beatty, Van Trump,
Holman, Boyden, and Miller to print remarks
on the bill.
[The speeches will be published in the
Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] has five minutes remaining of
his hour.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to know whether he
will permit any gentleman opposed to this first
section of the bill to speak against it, or whether
he confines his liberality to the friends of the
measure ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I have already permitted
two gentlemen to do what they could, and I
would gladly have permitted more; for the
more the subject is discussed the better assured
I am that the world and the people of the
United States will confirm favorable action
upon an honest bill like this. But, sir, this
House would not permit discussion. I labored,
as the House will remember, to get a full dis-
cussion to allow fifteen-minutes speeches to
members upon both sides of the Hall, and my
successive propositions were voted down and
I was reduced then to the advantage of the hour
allowed by the rules of the House to myself,
and I have given it all away. If I had given
no part of it to any gentlemen on the other
side of the question no complaint could be
made, for it was all mine to speak in favor of
the bill, and it was a mere gratuity upon my
part that I have liberally given two gentlemen
an opportunity of opposing the bill.
Mr. WOOD. No Democrat has had an
opportunity to speak against this proposition.
The gentleman has given liberally to those
Democrats who are in favor of it, but none to
those who are against it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I proposed if I had time—
I but carried away by my usual amiability I havQ
