1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$<85
one. In the case put by the Senator it wcm'td
be a question whether this Government, acting
independently upon a particular subject, not
being bound to consult any other party, should
adjudge that the reason or the law had ceased.
That would be one thing; bat. the Senator must
consider that here is a second high contracting
party that is to be consulted, and although it is
clear in his judgment that the necessity has
ceased, non constat that it is quite so clear to the
other high contractingparty. Great Britain may
think that it is of the highest consequence that
the stipulations of this treaty should continue
to be performed. It will be seen, therefore,
that the cases are not parallel.
. Mr. DAVIS. The action of Congress at the
last session was sufficient to bring the attention
of the British Government to the subject if
there was any interest felt by that Government
about it. But there cannot be any interest
felt by the English Government in keeping up
these mixed courts, because there is no longer
any subject upon which those courts can ad-
judge or act.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On that point,
the interest which the British Government feel,
I will simply say that I am informed and be-
lieve that the British Government annually
appropriate to keeping up these establishments
provided for by this treaty a sum very much
beyond what the American Government has
appropriated, thereby showing that the interest
still continues.
Mr. DAVIS. I expect the only purpose oil
the part of the British Government in keeping
up the appropriation is to give some men sala-
ries who perform no duty ; it is a provision
that is made for governmental favorites, and I
can see no other reason for keeping up this
appropriation by our Government. If the Brit-
ish Government and authorities feel any inter-
est in the continuance of these mixed courts
at the next session of Congress they can bring
our attention to the subject,and if it is thought
necessary, pro forma, in order to execute this
treaty with the British Government, to keep up
the mixed courts, we then can make amends ;
but I cannot believe that any men would be
so foolish, so impracticable, as to require a
court to be continued that has. no jurisdiction,
that can never perform any business, because
the only subject on which it had jurisdiction
has long ceased to exist.
But, Mr. President, 1 rose principally to say
a word in relation to the judge on the part of
the Government of the United Slates at New
York who has been referred to. I have had
the pleasure of his acquaintance for a great
many years, and I have seen him within the last
few months. There is no man of hie age in this
country that I am acquainted with who is in a
better state of preservation. 1 recollect that
he was married but a few years ago, and in a
short time he was the father of two children at
one birth. [Laughter.] But independent of
that evidence there is evidence of the most sat-
isfactory character with any gentleman who
holds social intercourse with Mr. Truman Smith
that he is entirely competent to perform all the
duties of the judgeship of this court, even if it
had important business ; but it having no busi-
ness whatever, it makes no odds even if he were
superannuated, because when a court has no
business to do a superannuated man can do its
duties as well as a man in the prime and vigor
of life.
But, Mr. President, I do not see any reason
whatever for the continuance of this appropri-
ation, and I think it ought to cease.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
not add anything more to what has been said
hut for a remark that fell from- the Senator
who has last spoken. He speaks of the juris-
diction of the court having ceased. How so ?
May not a slaver be brought into New York
to-morrow? The Senator says that the slave
trade has ceased. I wish it were so. I wish
history could write that from this time for-
ward 
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will say that I had reference to
40th Conu. ;>i> St-iss.-—No. 50.
the slave trade—and I think I so expressed
myself—carried on in American bottoms.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the slave trade
carried on in American bottoms. The Senator
does not seem to be aware that the object of
this • convention was not to provide against
the slave trade with our Own ports, but it
<vas the slave trade between the Coast of Africa
and Spanish and Portuguese ports. Has the
slave trade ceased now between the coast of
Africa and Spanish and Portuguese ports?
Mr. DAVISJ Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Does he maintain that it was
the purpose of the treaty to suppress the slave
trade carried on between Africa and Spanish
ports in Spanish bottoms?
Mr. SUMNER. That I have not said. I
said the slave trade between the African coast
and Spanish and Portuguese ports; I said
nothing about the bottoms. The treaty pro-
vides that that trade shall not be carried on in
any vessel over which the two high contracting
parties have jurisdiction, being an English or
a United States vessel. It is applicable to
those vessels, and to none others. And now
the practical question is, has that slave trade,
so disgraceful to our country, ceased ? There
has been no case of it lately, I know ; but may
there not be a case of it to-morrow ? How
can the Senator say that there will not be a
case to-morrow? If there is not a case to-
morrow it is because of Mr. Truman Smith in
New York; it is because of this very treaty
which it is now sought to break down. It is-
this treaty that has prevented our American
and English vessels from entering into that dis-
graceful traffic between the African coast and
the Spanish and Portuguese ports. So long
as slavery exists in Cuba and in Brazil there is a
perpetual temptation to the Slave trade; such
is the wickedness of man and such is the testi-
mony of human history. This treaty was in-
tended to meet that precise danger. It has
met it fully and most effectively ; and now,
because there has not been a single case,
because the treaty has done its perfect work,
Senators rise here and propose that we should
violate its solemn obligations aud surrepti-
tiously, without following its terms, bring it
to a close.
Sir, [ dissent from the remark of the Senator
from Kentucky that this court has no jurisdic-
tion. It has a jurisdiction, and it is precisely
because of its jurisdiction that there is not a
single case. If there was not a court with that
jurisdiction I know not that these slavers would
not again disgrace our flag. I am astonished
at the argument that I hear from learned Sen-
ators, that because there is not a single case
therefore the court deserves nothing at our
hands. l am reminded by it of an anecdote
that I think Mr. Chitty, the eminent English
lawyer, relates in one of his books of a very
eminent criminal lawyer who received a fee of
a guinea (which was the customary fee for the
service required) for the defense of a person
charged with a capital crime at the Old Bailey.
According to the usage of the English bar, as
you well know, if the counsel for the defense
do not cross-examine and make no speech there
can be no further testimony introduced against
the prisoner and no further speech. The able
counsel employed, when the case was closcd
against the prisoner, saw, or thought he saw,
that if at that moment he rested and said not a
single word the jury would be obliged to give
a verdict of not guilty. They did give that
verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was saved
by the'ingenious silence of his eminent coun-
sel ; but, to his astonishment, the next day the
prisoner called upon him at his chambers and
with menacing look demanded the return of
the fee, saying that the counsel had done noth-
ing in court for his defense, and therefore he
wished his money "back.
Well, now, it seems to me that in the same
spirit learned Senators say that this court has
done nothing. Sir, it has done everything. It
has saved the good name of this Republic ol
ours. It has prevented the Slate tirade under
the American flag. Is not that something to
do? Is not that something :worih'y of honor
and commemoration? But nofrlionorable Sen-
ators; under the lead of onfe of myfr'ieftdsfrom
New England, rise here to strike at this treaty
for the suppression of the slave trade.
Sir, I regret the movement. I feel that it is
not honorable to the national name. I feel
that it is carrying the hand back on the dial-
plate of civilization. I regret that my friend
from New Hampshire has put himself at the
head of this crusade. Sir, let the treaty stand
according to its termsxmtil it is brought to an end
according to its terms, and let us not during its
last expiring years—almost its expiring days-
bo impatient at the small expenditure of a few
thousand dollars which that treaty requires at
our hands. Let us stand by the treaty. • Let
us stand by that public faith which is pledged
in the treaty. If the Senator, in his impatieilce
to bring it to an end, and regardless of the
good that it has already accomplished, wishes
to pursue the warfare, let him do it in a legiti-
mate way by seeking to terminate a contract
in that way Only in which a contract can be
terminated. There is a contract between the
United States and Great Britain, and it cannot
be terminated in this—I hardly know how to
characterize it — unexpected, ill-considered,
and unauthorized manner which is now pro-
posed by the Senator.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Mr.
President, I did hot purpose to say another
word on this subject; I think it ha!s beeti de-
bated now too long; but I am somewhat Sur-
prised at the words and the tone of the Senator
from Massachusetts. Yest&i'day'fte compared
me to the traitor Slidell 'because I brought for-
ward this proposition of retrenchment. To-day
he speaks of it as an ill-considered proposition,
and regrets that a Senator from New England
should head this tirade upon a useless expend-
iture of lliis Government.
Mr. SUMNEU. " Crusade" I said.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
" This crusade." Well, now, sir, my record
is not as long as that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts and not as brilliant; but such
as it is it is known and well known to ray con-
stituents at home, and nothing which that gen-
tleman ean uttej will tarnish that fecord- at
home or abroad. • ...
Sir, the Senator from Massachusetts is not
the keeper of my political creed or character;
and I do not know that I am under any obliga-
tion to rise here and defend my political ortho-
doxy because he calls it in question. There
has never been a moment of my life when
I have not been opposed to slavery and the
slave trade in all forms. I am not opposed to
this treaty because it strikes at the slave trade.
I am opposed to paying out money for services
not performed; and the gentleman knows as
well as I know that this treaty never did any-
thing to prevent the slave trade under either
the American or the British flag. Why, sir,
the moment the treaty went into operation,
these slave pirates threw down the American
Hag and the British flag and ran up the Por-
tuguese and the Spanish flags ; and under the
treaty we have not and cannot have the right
to board Spanish and Portuguese vessels to
suppress the slave trade. It has been a nullity
from the time it went into operation. It is a
nullity to-day. There has never been one act
performed under the treaty, and there never
will be. I regret exceedingly that the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts, whose
record is flaunted in the face of the public, who
cries so loud in this Hall for retrenchment,
should rise here and favor this appropriation
of $12,000 for services not performed. Sir, I
think the taxes which are laid on the industry
of the laboring poor of this country demand
that we should look a little to the expenditures
of the Government as well as to be bolstering
up dead treaties. For myself, sir, 1 say let
the dead past bury its dead. If the gentleman
wants to stand here to defend this treaty,
which has never been of any use to the country,
