786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
is not to-day, and never will be, and the appoint-
ments under which are of such a character that
the men cannot perform any duty if they had
any to perform, let him come here and support
it, but do not let him attempt to call my polit-
ical orthodoxy in question,or to throw disrepute
or discredit upon my senatorial career, simply
because I am seeking to cut down these expend-
itures of the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. • The topic introduced by
my friend surprises me. I made no allusion
to his political orthodoxy. It passes my com-
prehension to what the Senator alludes.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
With the gentleman's permission, I ask him if
he did not express profound regret that a Sen-
ator from New England should be found lead-
ing in this raid against this old treaty ?
Mr. SUMNER. I did not say " raid."
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
" Crusade." Take which word you choose.
Mr. SUMNER. I did say that, but I made
no allusion to the Senator's political orthodoxy.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Then, sir, the words were without meaning.
Mr. SUMNER. They had a meaning, and
I think the Senator knows what the meaning
was. The meaning is simply what is on their
face, a profound regret that a Senator from
New England could treat, as the Senator from
New Hampshire now does, a question of public
faith on treaty stipulations, and especially when
that public faith is pledged against the slave
trade. That was the ground of my regret. I
made no allusion to the Senator's political
orthodoxy. I certainly would not venture to
suggest that it is not all that he could claim.
Certainly I most freely concede to him every-
thing of political standing that his heart can
wish. I made no allusion to it; it did not
enter into my head. I simply alluded to his
position on this question, this practical ques-
tion now before the Senate, and I expressed
my profound regret.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, this is
simply a proposition to save $12,500 to the
Treasury which it is proposed to expend with-
out any benefit to the country or to the world,
aud is a question whether under existing trea-
ties we can save this sum of money. If we
can, clearly we ought to do it. If we cannot
do it, then, of course, the public Treasury has
to suffer to that extent. The debate has been
rather a singular one. As soon as the propo-
sition was made yesterday by the Senator from
New Hampshire the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in the fullness of the indignation which
he experienced at the time, said that Siidell
had made such a proposition once in the Seu-
ate before. Then it was suggested to the Sen-
ator that Siidell was not a member of the
Senate at the time this treaty was made, and
therefore he could not well have made this
proposition. Then the Senator claimed 
Mr. SUMNER. Let me interrupt the Sen-
ator there. The Senator, of course, does not
wish to misstate me. I began by an allusion
to Mr. Siidell's course on an earlier treaty.
Mr. Siidell was not a member of the Senate
when this treaty was adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator repeated
once or twice or thrice that such a proposi-
tion came from Siidell. What did that mean ?
I''or what purpose? Simply, as the leader here,
the Senator from Massachusetts thought he
would bring the political lash over the shoulders
of some gentlemen. I do not know how men
feel when the lash is brought on their shoulders.
I do not think one man has a right in polit-
ical discussions to attempt to prevent the ex-
eicise of judgment by making the flesh to quiver
under the lash, as though somebody were afraid
to support a proposition because long years
ago Mr. Siidell proposed a similar proposition.
That was the argument.
Then, next the Senator undertook to show
that technically we were compelled to pay the
money. Not fully satisfied with that argu-
ment, that he can stand upon it, he waves the
lash again this morning and regrets that Sen-
ators, especially coming from New England,
should propose so ill-considered a thing—a
proposition in favor of the slave trade 1 Why,
Mr. President, this has not anythingto da with
the slave trade. I called upon the Senator
yesterday to tell the Senate and the country
what single act these courts had ever done to
suppress the slave trade. He could not men-
tion any, but he intimated that they were ready
if anything should occur that could be done.
Now, sir, it is a question of some interest to
the people. This expenditure has been going
on at the rate, I understand, of $12,500 every
year for the last six or seven years, so that un-
der this treaty there has been paid out to men
for doing nothing in the world above $70,000
of the people's money; and yet the distin-
guished Senator thinks that that is not a suffi-
cient experience upon the question.
Now, what construction ought to be given to
this treaty? What legislative construction?
What construction must the appropriating
power of the country give to the treaty? A
reasonable one; it must carry out the purposes
of the contracting parties. It certainly was
not the object of the contracting parties that
this treaty should secure the expenditure of
money for no purpose. It was supposed at the
time the treaty was made that there would be
business for the courts, sufficient business to
occupy a court, but experience has shown that
there is no such business for the court; and
what is the effect of it? Simply that prac-
tically that provision of the treaty has become
obsolete. It is obsolete to-day. It is like
your statute enacted for a particular purpose,
and when the purpose has transpired it lies
upon the statute-book a dead letter. Having
become obsolete, there is no necessity for Con-
gress to make an appropriation that brings no
good to the country, but simply embarrasses
the Treasury.
Then, Mr. President, I claim that the legis-
lative construction of this treaty is that the
purpose of the court having ceased, the occa-
sion for the court having ceased, the force of
the treaty itself is past in that regard. If there
are other provisions of the treaty that still have
a force and a meaning under the purpose of
the contracting parties, of course such provis-
ions still stand. What would you consider of
a treaty that provided for a commission to de-
cide upon claims but did not limit the contin-
uance of that commission ? It is supposed that
claims will be presented to the commission.
The commission is organized, and at consider-
able expense to both Governments. The first
year rolls around and no claim is presented,
the second, third, fourth, and so on until the
seventh year comes around, and these commis-
sioners each year are paid out of the public
Treasury and no claims are presented. Would
it be insisted by the distinguished Senator that
it was the intention of the treaty-making power
that that commission should be continued in-
definitely, or even for the limited number of
years during which the treaty was to continue
in force ? I say the right construction of this
treaty, now to be put upon it by the legislative
department in exercising its power to appro-
priate money, is that that provision of the
treaty has become obsolete, and as between
the two parties it is not to be regarded as still
in force. It is but idle to keep a court organ-
ized when we know there are no cases; it is
but idle to keep a commission organized at an
expense to the Government when we know
that there are no claims to come before such
a commission.
1 would rather that the appropriation had just
been stricken oat, putting the reasonable con-
struction on the treaty that it has done its
work; that the provision has expired accord-
ing to the judgment of reasonable men ; but
as the Senator from New Hampshire recog-
nizes the technicality of the treaty I am will-
ing to support his proposition, simply because
we thereby save some money to the Treasury.
It is monstrous to say that men shall stay in
the city of New York and receive large sunjs
of money when the duties to be performed, if
performed at all, are upon the coast of Africa;
monstrous that money should be paid out to
men under the pretense that they are to ad-
judge cases when we know there are no cases
to adjudicate. Such a construction of the
treaty is not called for. The faith of this na-
tion to Great Britain does not require of us to
make such an appropriation of ihe money, and
and the people do not expect it. They expect
economy; and if there be any responsibility
upon the party in the majority now it is that
the public expenditures shall be reduced, and
that money shall not be paid oat to men for
doing nothing j that when the public money i3
paid out it shall be for services rendered. W&
know that there are no services to render here;
we know, as a matter of course, because Eng-
land is an enlightened nation, that she does
not want us to expend our money in maintain-
ing a court that can be of no public benefit.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that as an answer to the argument of my
colleague and of others it is sufficient to say
that there is an existing treaty, which has not
been terminated, which requires us to keep a
fleet on the coast of Africa and certain courts.
We cannot get clear of these treaty stipula-
tions in this way. My opinion is that the time
has come, or very nearly come, when this treaty
ought to be terminated; that with the death
of slavery in Cuba there can be no longer any
necessity for keeping a fleet on the coast of
Africa or keeping up any part of this ma-
chinery. But the argument that because there
have been no cases adjudicated and there have
been no duties performed we are justified in
refusing to perform this condition of this treaty
is not a good argument. The whole of the
machinery is preventive in its character, and its
success depends entirely upon how far it shall
prevent or cut off the slave trade. To cut off
the slave trade we established certain ma-
chinery. What was it? First, to keep a fleet
on the coast of Africa; and secondly, to pro-
vide certain courts to adjudicate in case there
were captures. This was the machinery. If
the machinery has been successful, if slavers
have been driven from the coast of Africa and
men have been afraid to engage in that trade,
then the treaty is a success.
Now, sir, you might as well say that because
there are no cases, and our fleet has made no
captures, therefore you should call away the
fleet. Why, sir, it is the very presence of a
fleet that prevents the captures from being
made, or, in other words,.that prevents the
trade from being carried on. The whole treaty
is successful in just so far as it prevents the
slave trade from being engaged in. Now, I
believe the slave trade i3 almost entirely de-
stroyed, and with the destruction of slavery in
Cuba it will be ended.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. SUMNER. And in
Brazil.
Mr. MORTON. I believe there is no slave
trade with Brazil.
Mr. SUMNER. Slavery continues in Brazil.
Mr. MORTON. 1 believe there has been no
slave trade with Brazil, or at least we have
not heard of it for many years; and on the de
st.ruetion of slavery in Cuba, which cannot be
far otf, perhaps is not six months off, we may
then terminate this treaty and get clear of the
expense of these courts and of keeping a fleet
on the coast of Africa. But I object to paying
men as judges for holding courts on the coast
of Africa who have never been there, and who
live in the city of New York. One of them
was here yesterday, a gentleman who has been
getting, I am advised, $2,000 a year.
Now, sir, we cannot comply with the condi-
tions of the treaty by simply paying men sala-
ries. To comply with the treaty we must have
judges residing at the places where the courts
are to be held ; and if they do not reside there
there is no use in paying them. Therefore my
amendment provides that this money shall not
be paid except upon the condition that these
judges live where they are required to live and
where the courts are to be held.
Mr. SUMMER. I think the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana meets the precise
