1'869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
worth. Fox, French, Golladay, Goss, Grover, Haight,
Hawkins, Holman, Hopkins, Humphrey Hunter,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kerr,
Knott, William Lawrence, Lough ridge, Marshall,
McCormick, Mungen, Niblack. Nunn, Orth. Pike,
Boss, Shanks, Stevens. Stokes, Stone, Taffe, Thomas,
Tift, Van Trump, Henry D. Washburn, William
Williams, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Barnes,
Bingham, Boles, Boutwell, Buekland, Cary, Dickey,
Dockery, Edwards, Garfield, Gravely, Hamilton,
Haughey, Asahel W. Hubbard, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Mallory, McCarthy, McCuIlough, Morrissey,
Nicholson, Pierce, Pile, Polsley, Prince, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Selye, Sitgreaves, Sypher, John Trimble. Law-
rence S. Trimble, Van Auken, Van AVyck, Vidal,
Elihu B. Washburne, Stephen ]?. Wilson, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—42.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the fol-
lowing title; when the Speaker signed the
sarse :
An act (H. R. No. 1864) for the repeal of
tonnage duties on Spanish vessels.
national currency.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the House re-
ciprocate the request of the Senate for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing vote
of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 440, sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. COBURN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
Cli, noes 43.
Mr. COBURN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 92, nays 69, not voting
G1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnell, Delos
R. Ashley, Baker, Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin,
Blair, Boyden, Buckley, Bnrr, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cullom,
Delano, Deweese, Dockery, Dodge, Eekloy, Eggles-
tou, James T.Elliott, Earnsworth, Ferry, French,
Glossbrenner, Goss,Grover, Harding, Haughey, Haw-
kins, Heaton, Hooper,Hopkins,ChesterD.Hubbard,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr, Kitchen, Knott, Lash,
William Lawrence, Mallory, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, McKee, Mullins, Mungen, Newcomb,
Kevvsham, Niblack, Norris, Paine, Raum, Roots,
Ross, Sawyer, Schcnck, Shanks, Shellabarger, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Stover, Taife, Tift, John Trimble. Trow-
bridge, Van Auken, RobertT.VanHorn.Van Trump,
Henry D. Washburn. Wolker, Whittemore. VVllliom
Williams, JainesF.Wilson, John T. Wilson, Windom,
and Young—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Baldwin. Banks,
Barnum, Benton, Brooks, BroomalI,Chanler,Church-
ill, Cornell, Covode, Dickey, Dixon, Thomas D. Eliot,
Eerriss, Fields, Fox, Getz, Griswold, Haiscy, Hill,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard. Hulburd. Hum-
phrey, .Tenekcs, Kelley, Kelsey, Kctcham, Koontz,
(-,'oorge V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marvin, Mercur,
Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Myers, O'Neill,
Pcrham, Peters, Pettis, Pike, Plants, Poland, Pome-
loy, Piuyn, Robertson, Robinson, Seoticld, Smith,
Soalding, Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Taylor,
Thomas. Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, and Wood—69.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. James M. Ashley,
Axtell, Bailey, Barnes, Bingham, Blackburn, Bhiine,
Boles, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyer, Broniwell. Buck-
land, Cake, Cary, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs, Edwards,
151a, Eldridge, Garfield, Golladay, Gove, Gravely,
Haight, Hamilton, Higby, Holman, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Johnson, Kellogg, Laflin, Lincoln, Logan,
Loughridge. McCarthy. McCuIlough, Morrissey,
Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Phelps, Pierce, Pile, Polsley,
Price, Prince, Randall, Selye, Sitgreaves, Stone,
Sypher, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Wyck, Vidal,
I'jlihu B. Washburne, Thomas Williams, Stephen F.
Wilson, Woodbridge, and Woodward—61.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
its Secretary, Mr. Gorham, which announced
that that body, having proceeded in pursuance
of the Constitution to reconsider the bill enti-
tled "An act regulating the duties on imported
copper and copper ores," returned to the
House of Representatives by the President of
the United States with his objections, and
sent by the House to the Sentate, with the
message of the President returning the bill,
had resolved that the bill do pass, two thirds
of the Senate agreeing to pass the same.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following titles
without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 2003) to authorize the
county commissioners of Ada county, Idaho,
to select a site for a territorial prison; and
An act (H. R. No. 2004) establishing the
tenure of office of the house of representatives
and providing for biennial sessions of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Montana.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the conference asked for on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 1599, making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1870,
and had appointed Mr. Grimes, Mr. Hend-
ricks, and Mr. Nye as such committee on its
part.
It further announced that the Senate had
agreed to the conference asked for on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on House
bill No. 1812, to allow deputy collectors or
assistant assessors of internal revenue acting
as collectors or assessors the pay of collectors
or assessors, and had appointed Mr. Cattell,
Mr. Morrill of Vermont, and Mr. Warner
as such committee on its part.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 375) to repeal an act to
regulate the disposition of fines, penalties, and
forfeitures received under the laws relating to
the customs, and for other purposes, and to
amend certain acts for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds on the revenue and for the
prevention of smuggling; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1804) to establish a bridge
across the East river between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, as a post road.
It announced in conclusion that the Senate
had passed bills and joint resolutions of the
following titles, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 735) to prevent the extermi-
nation of fur-bearing animals in Alaska, and to
protect the inhabitants thereof;
A joint resolution (S. No. 214) changing the
name of the steamship Aries, of the Philadel-
phia and Boston steamship line, to that of
Spartan ;
A bill (S. No. 761) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Delaware river, between Philadelphia and
Camden;
A bill (S. No. 89o) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of abridge across
the Willamette river, in Oregon, from the city
of Portland to the east bank of said river
A bill (S. No. 789) making an appropriation
and authorizing the purchase of additional
ground for the Nashville custom-house ;
A bill (S. No. 926) to provide for the enroll-
ment and license of certain foreign vessels ;
A bill (S. No. 731) to authorize the New
York, Newfoundland, and London Telegraph
j Company to land its submarine cable upon the
' shores of the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 7oo) to define the limits of the
collection dislrict of Teche, in the State of
Louisiana', and for other purposes.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence from the session of to-night
was granted to Mr. Paine.
papers -withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. LAFLIN, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the petition and papers presented
by Jeremiah Smith to the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, praying for compensation for the' loss
of a steamer in the service of the Government,"
copies to be left.
RESOLUTIONS OF INDIANA LEGISLATOR®.
The SPEAKER, by unanimoos^onsent, laid
before the House resolutions of the Legislature
of Indiana, asking Congress to inquire into the
losses sustained by the officers and men of bat-
tery F, United States artillery, wrecked at sea;
which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
DAILY HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that after to-day the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock instead of twelve
o'clock.
Mr. CULLOM. Would it not be as well to
say ten o'clock?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think we could
get a quorum here at that hour.
Mr. PRUYN. Let us sit from eleven till
six o'clock, and have no night sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not propose to in-
terfere with the recess.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York that unless we
have night sessions or some other order the
Committee on Appropriations will have no time
that they can command for the appropriation
bills. They have the night sessions now ab-
solutely, but during the day privileged reports
are in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope there will be no
objection to meeting at eleven o'clock.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope we shall meet at
half past ten o'clock.
Mr. ROBINSON. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that he say after to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think we had better
begin to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS. I have to be on two com-
mittees at half past ten o'clock.
Mr. SPALDING. I shall object unless the
order is for after to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask unanimous
consent that after to-morrow the House shall
meet daily at eleven o'clock.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported back
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill, and moved that they be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be made the special
order after to-morrow until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve points
of order on that bill.
The SPEAKER. These are Senate amend-
ments on which points of order cannot be re-
served. If any amendments are recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations the right
to raise points of order on those amendments
will be reserved.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
upon the legislative appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Schenck in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of House bill No. 1673,
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1870.
The following clause of the bill, as amended
by the Committee of the Whole, was under coa-
sideration:
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the several bureaus, including copying, labor, bind-
ing sealing ships' registers, translating foreign lan-
guages, advertising, and extra clerk hire tor prepar-
ing and collecting information to bo laid betore
Congress, and for miscellaneous items, $50,000: 1 i-o-
vided. That no part of this sum shallbepaidassalary
or compensation to the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue.
