788
THE COMPRESSION AT,' GLOBE.
February 2,
Nesf. Hampshire, which is the amendment
pending. . * :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be read in connection with the amendment to
the amendment. •
The • Chief Clerk. * The amendment _ pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire is
in line onehundred and fifty-three of the bill,
to strike'oat$12,500" and to insert " $450;"
and after the word/'dollars" in the same line
to insert the following proviso:
Provided, however, Thatfrom and after the pas-
sage of this act the salaries to be paid to the officers
appointed under the act to carry into effect the
treaty betwe'en the United States and her Britannic
Majesty for the suppression of the African slave
trade shall bo as follows: the judge at New York,
flOA; the judge at Cape Town, $100: the judge at
Sierra Leone,'SlOO; the arbitrator at New York.fifty
dollars; tie arbitrator at Cape Town, fifty dollars;
the arbitrator at Sierra Leone, fifty dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire was doubled. Therefore, the amendment
to the amendment is in order I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it is in order fo
improve the original- proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the amendment
of the Senator, from New Hampshire-was con-
fined merely to the amount of the appropria-
tion. . •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question aver again on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, if that is
the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. MORION. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
amend thatariiendmentsothat it will be under-
stood that it will not affect Mr. Smith. Mr.
Smith lives within twenty-five miles of. the
place of holding the court, and he can go there
iu .the morning and return at night, or stay over,
as bo pleases. J think this amendment will
cut him off unless it i« carefully worded ; and
1 do riot think we oqght-to do that.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know, what my
friend from Massachusetts means by not wish-
ing to cut oH Mr,'Smith or anybody else. I
think anybody who does not obey the statutes
of the United States ought to be cut off, whether
his name is Smith or Jones, or, I will add,
Wilson or Edmunds. The statute that was
passed to carry out this treaty on the 11th of
July, 18G2, declared in express terms that the
ijdge on the part of the United States for the
Tinted Stato&conrt was to reside at New York,
and the judge for the African coast was to
reside at Sierra Leone. "To reside," is the
language of the statute. Each of these judges
is to reside at the place where the court is
established. Now it turns out, after six or
seven years of payment to these gentlemen of
these salaries, that iftt one of them has ever
conformed to the letter or the spirit of the
statute under which he was appointed. Cer-
tainly I do not think it a very good ground to
ask iavors for anybody who has been receiving
the money of the United States in spite of the
statute which imposed certain obligations and
duties upon him. I am astonished that the
Treasury officials should have paid any of these
persons at all. They ought not to have done
it unless they were at their posts, provided a
statute is of any consequence to officials who
are to draw salaries. I do not know that it is,
but it is high time that it should be.
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator from Ver-
mont mean to say that to be in New York the
'■'.'hole ot the business hours of every business
day is not a sufficient residence within the law?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it is or not. My friend is a better lawyer than 1
am. _ If that constitutes a residence, then it is
within the law. If it' does not constitute a resi-
dence, then it is not within the law. My friend
knows better than I do(, probably, that it does
not constitute a residence ; and "whether there
is any fact which could raise such a question
might be worthy of inquiry, if the committee
who have it in charge should inquire into it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, there
II:
are just two parties who are interested, in this
question. The tax-payers are interested in the
first place, and certain gentlemen who are get-
ting money for doing nothing are interested in
the second place. Humanity is not interested
in it at all. I should like to know of Senators
what they want Mi. Smith or any of the other
judges to. go to Sierra Leone or the .Cape of
Good Hopeifor? They are perhaps as.clevef
men as in this country can draw the money for
nothing. What do you want them to go out
there for? What do you,want a man to go to
the coast' of Africa and expose himself to the
fevers there for? What is the purpose of it?
You know there is no business to transact there.
It is. simply idle to require it. If there were
cases to try there it would be well enough to
require them to go there; but inasmuch as
there is no business to transact there is no
necessity to put them to the inconvenience or
the danger of a residence upon the coast of
Africa. This new zeal to enforce this treaty
is a little' extraordinary, in view of the fact that
there have been no courts under this treaty.
All that has been done has been to pay money
out, about seventy thousand dollars. Can the
Senator from Massachusetts tell us where there
has been a court? Mr. Truman Smith, going
from Connecticut on the cars or on the steam-
boat every morning, does not make a court.
Mr. SUMNER. I have been told since I
was last on the floor that'there was a room in
William street, New York, adjoining the office
of Mr. Truman Smith, set apart for the court.
Mr, HENDRICKS. A room does not make
a court. A court is a body organized by the
law ; it is the judge sitting in the proper.place
ready to hear the causes. Such a court as that,
I understand, has never been organized either
in New York or anywhere else. We are very
zealous that the money shall be paid out, but
no courts are in existence, and there has been
no court, as I understand, at any time to try
these causes, if any had occurred.
But I repeat .the question, why does my col-
league wish these gentlemen to go to Africa ?
It is .not healthy there ; it is not comfortable
there; and there is nothing for them to do
there. If they are to have the $12,500 every
year I am in favor of their having it where they
will enjoyit. It will then do a little go.od. It
will contribute to the comfort of an old man
in his declining years. But if you say that in
order that he may enjoy this money from the
people he shall go to Africa, then you remove
the least possible chance of the money doing
any good. When it has got to be expended let
it be expended under circumstances that will
contribute to the comfort and happiness of
somebody. At New York seven or eight hun-
dred dollars quarterly will be appreciated by
that distinguished gentleman, and perhaps it
will be appreciated and enjoyed by the others;
but if you send them out to the Cape of Good
Hope they may die; and if you make them go
perhaps their widows will claim a pension be-
cause they have died under the extraordinary
pressure made upon them by the Congress of
the United States. [Laughter.] I know it
does no good to send them to Africa; for you
have nothing for them to do there. What will
they do? How will they spend their time?
There are no libraries there. They may go out
hunting for the lion and the tiger; but still
that will do no good. It is simple folly to send
them where you know there is nothing for
them to do; and if the money is to be wasted
let it be wasted under such circumstances that
the men receiving it at least will enjoy it.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the reading of
my amendment before the vote is taken. My
amendment complies with the treaty, but at
the same time saves the money of the Govern-
ment if these men do not go there, and it saves
the honor of the Government with the treaty-
making power on the other side. I ask for the
reading of the amendment before the vote is
taken.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Mortos.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask the Senator from
Indiana if he will, modify his amendment by
inserting'the words "at or pear," because I
certainly think if a judge resides where he can
visit th'e place of holding, court in time to hold
it ev£ry day yoii ought not to compel him to
live in the exact spot.
- Mr.. MORTON. My amendment is in the
terms of the law. '
Mr. .MORRILL, of Maine.- The proviso is
in the terms of the statute, aad we cannot very
.well change it,
Mr.' EDMUNDS. It simply carries out the
statute of 1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why da you want to
compel old Mr. Truman Smith to reside in the
city of New York ?
Mr. MOBTON. Thelaw requires that now.
I am not asking a change of the law. If he cats
get over the language of the law now, he can
get over the language of toy amendment. The
law requires that now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 11 ;'as follows!
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony; Cameron, Cole,
Corbett, Crafcin, Edmunds,; J?relinghuyseB, Harris.
Howard, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Ramsey. Rice,Robertson, Ross, Sherto ail, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Wa$e, Warner, "whyte, Wiliey, Williams, and
Wilson—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew. Davis,Doolittle. Drake,
Fowler, - Hendricks, Patterson of N ew Hampshire,
Patterson of" Tennessee, Saulsbury, Vickers, and
Welch-] 1.
- ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cat tell. Chandler,
Conkling, Conness, Dixon, Ferry, Fessonden, Grimes,
Harlan,"Henderson, Howe, Morgan, Norton, Pom-
eroy. Sawyer, Sprague, Tipton, and Yates—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire
whether it is in order now to fllove to strike
out this whole-provision?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I believe
it is in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I make that motion,
so as to have a direct vote on the question of
appropriation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clause
as proposed to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The clause proposed to
be stricken out is as follows:
For expenses under the act of Congress, to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the Afri-
can slave trade. $12,506: Provided, That the salaries
of the judges shall be paid to them only upon the
condition that they reside at1 the places where the
courts are to be held as provided by law, and only
for sq much of the time as they reside at such places.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would inquire whether
there is not, another officer beside the judge
' who ought to be compelled to reside at the
place of holding the court?-
, Mr. SUMNER. There is the arbitrator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the words "and
arbitrators " ought to be inserted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be better to say
"judges, arbitrators, and other officers of the
courts."
Mr. POMEROY. It ought to include all the
officers.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask if the amendment of the Senator from
Indiaua was not an amendment to my amend-
ment? I so understood it.
Mr. SUMNER. No; it was an amendment
to the original proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that it was an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire ; and the question would have been on
the amendment as amended, but now a motion
is made to strike out the whole provision.
Mr. MORTON. Before that question is
taken, I am advised that there are other offi-
cers to whom this proviso ought to be applied.
I will therefore move to amend it by making
it read "judges, arbitrators, and other offi-
cers," so" as to make it complete.
Mr. SUMNER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no objec-
tion to that, as it is to perfect the amendment
already adopted.
