m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
is of ppinion that it can be, because it is not
the same question. There was ail amendment
to the amendment adopted. Now the question
is on the motion to strike out that which was
adopted, coupled with the other amendment,
which is a very different question. It seems
to the Chair to be in order.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand that the
Chair, has ruled that the motion of the Senator
from Pepnsylvania is the one now pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion now before the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I understand, then, that the
Senator from Pennsylvania moves,to strike out
the whole appropriation in the bilk It strikes
me that is the fair thing exactly. That meets
the question precisely. Either go the whole
figure,; clear through, or not at all. There is
no use of saving fifty dollars at each one of
these places if we are going to repudiate the
whole thing. If we are going to declare the
treaty obsolete let usgo the clean figure through
without making any exception to it whatever.
The proposition that has been made, that these
iudges shall reside at the place where the courts
are to be held, I think altogether unnecessary.
That subject has already been discussed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] and
I agree with his remarks upon it. I think it is
not only for the safety of judges, that they should
stay away, but that it is good sense that they
should not go where there is no business to
perform. There is not the slightest use in
sending a man to such a place. There never
has been a case there, and it is beyond possi-
bility that there ever will be a case there requir-
ing any exercise of the judicial functions in
those places. In my opinion, the statute has
been complied with by the appearance of the
judge at New York and by the non-appearance
of the judge in Africa, as there was no necessity
for any court there, and he can discharge the
duty precisely as well in New York or Connec-
ticut as in any other place. The proposition
of the Senator from New Hampshire and the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana I re-
gard as simply a repudiation of the whole obli-
gation in another form, while the amendment
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania
strikes at the whole question, and is the only
sensible one for us to adopt; that is, that the
law is obsolete entirely, that the treaty is obso-
lete, and we are under no obligations to fulfill
it; but, for one, I cannot view it in that light.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
understood the Chair to decide that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana was an
amendment to my amendment. That being so,
it cannot destroy my amendment, Isubmit, and
my amendment is now to be put with the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
added.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has changed it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
No; it is not changed. It puts it in this form:
that there shall be $460 appropriated, each
judge receiving $100 and each arbitrator fifty
dollars; but they are to receive that only when
they are on the ground where the court is to
be held. That is the true condition in which
this amendment of mine stands now, and I
want the amendment put in the form in which
it stands. It is a proviso to my amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Chair to
decide, a few minutes ago, that my amendment
was in effect a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, and now
stands as an amendment to the original propo-
sition.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
was not so understood by me.
The PRESI DENT pro tenvpore. The motion
is to strike out the amendment that was agreed
to, which was the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, and that was an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire. The question is to strike out that
which has been agreed to, coupled with that
which has not been agreed to—to strike out all
of it, as the Chair understands.
Mr, SUMNER. I understand the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is to strike
out the appropriation.
Mr. BUCKALEW. To strike out the whole
matter.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; to strike out the
appropriation, the whole matter, carrying
everything.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the Chair if that motion can be put until
my amendment is voted on by the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is
pending; but the motion is to strike out that
which is pending coupled with that which has
been agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not so understand it. I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to make this
motion to strike out what is in the original text
of the bill, not my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The motion cer-
tainly includes the text of the bill and the
amendment which has been put upon it by the
Senator from Indiana. The Senator from New
Hampshire must perceive that if the text with
the proviso falls then his amendment falls
with it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
How can mine fall before it has been put ?
That is the question.
Mr.MORRILL, of Maine. Nothing is clearer
than that while the proposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire is pending, if the Sen-
ate chooses to strike out the text of the bill
on which it depends it falls; and that ia the
proposition now before us.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
What I want to know is, if it is in order to put
that motion until my amendment is voted on
by the Senate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
there is nothing difficult about the condition
in which we are. The rule has often been
announced from the Chair that it is in order
to perfect a provision in a bill before striking
it out. The Senator from New Hampshire
proposes to perfect four lines of this bill by
putting 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is aware of that. He has a right to amend the
matter to be stricken out before the motion to
strike out is put.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And therefore the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire is
undoubtedly the one now before the Senate. We
have adopted the proviso of his amendment,
and now the question is, shall the amendment
as amended be adopted, which changes the
phraseology of the bill, and it is not in order to
move to strike this out until the question is de-
cided whether it shall be perfected as proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Illinois what will be the
effect supposing the Senate, as they have voted
the proviso on, should vote not to concur in
the motion made by the Senator from New
Hampshire. That shows the folly of putting
the one before the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think that is a
correct statement of it at all. The Senator from
New Hampshire proposes to amend the section
so that there shall be $450 appropriated instead
of $12,500, and my colleague moves to amend
that by putting upon it a condition that the
money shall not be paid out unless the parties
live at the place where the duties are to be
discharged. We have agreed to thatcondition;
and the question now is, shall the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
as amended by my colleague, be adopted? It
seems to me that is palpable.
Mr. MORTON. The simple mistake of my
colleague consists in this: I did not offer my
amendment as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire; but
I offered it as an amendment to the original
section ; and as such I think it was voted upon,
and I understood the Chair to say at one time
that, in effect, it operated as a substitute for
the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire. Now, sir, what would be the
effect of treating it in auy other way? The
Senate has, by a large majority, adopted the
amendment that I offered. Now, if it shall
vote down the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, then my amend-
ment goes with it, ana we are simply referred
back to the original section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir, I think that was
not the understanding; it was not mine, at
least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difficulty with the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is this:
he could not make a proposition to amend the
original section while an amendment was pend-
ing to it.
Mr. MORTON. I did do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He could not do it. His
saying that he did do it reminds me of the
justice of the peace deciding that he had juris-
diction, because he had often decided so be-
fore, to try an ejectment suit, and he knew it
could be done because he had done it. [Laugh-
ter.] The Senator from Indiana in that sense
did it, bat his amendment would not have been
in order; the Chair would not have entertained
two amendments at the same time to the text
of the bill. It was an amendment to the
amendment whieh he proposed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest to the
Senator from Indiana, as the vote was not un-
derstood, that the last vote be reconsidered,
and that then he offer his amendment as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. That is the only way we can
get out of the difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. If 1 understand it, the Chair
has decided that now the question is upon the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to strike out. That is the position the
Chair holds.
Mr. GRIMES. To strike out the original
proposition ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
believes that the Senator from Indiana offered
an amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from. New Hampshire. He could not
have done anything else. He could not have
amended the original text of the bill at that
period. But the Chair believes it was in effect
a substitute, and he thinks so still. It was
a substitute for that amendment in effect,
although it was not offered in those terms ex-
actly. Now, the Senator from Pennsylvania
makes a motion to strike out that which was
agreed to coupled with the amendment pend-
ing, which is a new question and has not been
acted upon by the Senate, and the Chair believes
it is in order to make that motion.
Mr. MORTON. As I understand, the ruling
of the Chair now is that my amendment was
in effect a substitute for that of the Senator
from New Hampshire, and stands as attached
to the original proposition. Is that so?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
way I understand it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is what it was.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir: and the Chair
now understands it in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But the
Chair will remark that it is always in order,"
before a proposition to strike out is put, to
amend the matter proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make an
inquiry. Suppose the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia should withdraw his motion to strike out
the clause, then will not the question be on
the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, as amended by my colleague?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly;
there is no doubt of that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for
the present.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I understand that ques-
tion is to be put although my motion is pend-
ing. I will withdraw it if there is a necessity
