1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
for it in order to reach this question; but as I
understand, while the motion to strike out,
which I made, is pending, motions to amend
the text are in order whether they have been
already made or are to be made now. If that
is not so I will withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to strike out being withdrawn, the question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I wish to have the
whole amendment, as amended, read that we
are going to vote upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us hear the amend-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Sothatwe shall see exactly
what the question now is, whether it embodies
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the amendment as
amended be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; let us know exactly
what we are to vote upon.
The Chief Clerk. The clause now reads:
_ For expenses, under the act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
!ier Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, 812,500: Provided, That the sal-
aries of the judges and other officers shall be 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not right.
Mr. SUMNER. There is where it was voted.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The pro-
viso was voted as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us have the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theamend-
ment as amended will be read.
The Chief Clerk. " Provided tliat the sal-
aries of the judges and other officers shall be
paid to them only upon condition that they
reside at the places where the courts are to be
held as provided by law, and only for so much
of the time as they reside at such places.''
That portion of the amendment which was
submitted by the Senator from New Hampshire
was to strike out " $12,500 " 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit that the Clerk
is reading it all wrong.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Thai is all wrong.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair has decided
that the amendment was to the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire, and the
Clerk persists, after that decision, in reading
the proviso before he reads the amendment to
which it is a proviso. I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire as amended by the proviso, and
not read the proviso before that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what he is about
to do if you will only give him a chance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he has read the
proviso firSt.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
what the Clerk was directed to do, and is en-
deavoring to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Clerk is reading what
the Chair tells him to do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the section
be read as it will read with the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire as amended
by my colleague.
Mr. EDMUNDS'. That is what we all ask
for.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That is what
the Clerk is endeavoring to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary is right
as the Chair understands it. The trouble is
that the Senate, or at least I, voted that the
Senator from Indiana was in order when he
offered this amendment; that is, he offered it
as an addition to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. He could not have
offered it in any other way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not let the Clerk
read it, so that we ma}' know how it stands?
Mr. .SHERMAN. He has already read it
two or three time*.
No; he has not had a
Mr. FESSENDEN.
chance to read it all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair directs him to
read something more, which the Chair decides
is in; so let us have it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothingis
in order until it is read. Let the Senate be in
order until the Clerk reads the amendment
as amended. The whole proposition will be
stated as it appears by the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire as amended by
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what we want.
The Chief Clerk. The proposition sub-
mitted originally was to strike out "twelve
thousand five hundred" and to insert "four
hundred and fiftyand to add after the word
"dollars" a proviso, which would make the
clause read thus:
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States ana
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $450: Provided, however. That
from and aftor the passage of this act the salaries
to be paid to the officers appointed under the act
to carry into offect the treaty between the United
States and her Britannic Majesty for the suppres-
sion of the African slave trade shall be as follows:
the judge at Now York, $100; the judge at Cape
Town, $100; the judge at Sierra Leone, $100; the
arbitrator at New York, fifty dollars; the arbitrator
at Cape Town, fifty dollars; the arbitrator at Sierra
Leone, fifty dollars.
It was proposed to amend that amendment
by inserting the following proviso as a substi-
tute for the whole proposition 
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Under the direction of
the Chair, let the Clerk road on.
The Chief Clerk. The proviso of the Sen-
ator from Indiana having been adopted, the
clause now reads:
For cxpensos under tho act of Congress to carry
into effect tho treaty between tho United States and
her Britannic Majesty, for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $12,500: Provided, That the sal-
aries of the judges and other officers, &o.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
seems utterly impossible to get this amend-
ment of mine read with the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana as a proviso to my amend-
ment. That is tM way the Chair twice decided
it stood, and I ask to have it read in that way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to ask whether
the words, read by the Secretary, which were
proposed as a proviso by the Senator from
New Hampshire, are now a part of the pend-
ing amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
supposes so. There is only an amendment to
an amendment. The first amendment to the
appropriation reported by the committee was
by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I understand the
Chair to decide that the pending question is on
one single amendment as amended, which eon-
tains the words proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire and the words proposed by
the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
way the Chair understands it. Those amend-
ments are incongruous; but the Chair thinks
that is the order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. Then I ask
that in taking the question the question may
be divided, as it contains two distinct propo-
sitions ; and that we take it on the first branch
of the amendment first, and on the next after-
ward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T ask that the section
be read as it will read if the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire be now
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
just been read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to know which
construction is rightand to be adhered to. The
Chair I understand to rule that the amendment
proposed by theSenator from Indiana was pro-
posed simply as an amendment to 1 lie amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire by
way of addition ; but the Clerk says, and he
reads it so, that it was proposed as a substitute.
Mr. "MORTON. That was my understanding
distinctly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, I wish to know
which is to be the construction on which we
are to act—the construction of the Chair or
the construction of the Clerk, for they are
directly at variance.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
think the Clerk can now read it without diffi-
culty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let the
Clerk read it again if he has got a new way of
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is done—it has
been read once and several times—I desire to
make a suggestion. It seems to me that there
is a game of cross-purposes here, or a conclu-
sion which all Senators will be glad to escape
from. For one, in point of fact I voted on the
proposition believing that it superseded the
proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. That was my understanding. Other
Senators possibly understood it differently.
Some I know also thought with me. Under
the circumstances, therefore, I think that our
best course is to retreat from that original vote,
to take it over again, and see where we are.
Let Senators then vote understandingly. It is
evident that some Senators voted supposing
that the proviso of the Senator from Indiana
was attached to the proposition of the Senator
from New Hampshire, and others voted, like
myself, supposing that it superseded the prop-
osition of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Therefore I propose to move a reconsideration
of the last vote, that we may proceed again from
the beginning.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
should be very glad to have the clause read
as it will stand when my amendment is voted
upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clerk
may read it again.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
has not been read at all in that way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the clause be read
as it will be read if the Senator's amendment
be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro temport. It will be
read as it will stand if the amendment to the
amendment be adopted.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
For expenses under the oct of Congress to carry
into cffcct the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for tho suppression of tho
African slave trade, $450: Provided\ however. That
from and after the passage of this act the salaries to
be paid to the officers appointed under the act to
carry into offect the treatybetweentheUmtedStates
and her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slavo trade, phall bo as follows: the judge
atNewYork, $100; the judge at Cape Town, $100; thfc
judge at Sierra Leone, $100; the arbitrator at New
YorK, fifty dollars; the arbitrator at CapeTown, fifty
dollars; the arbitrator at Sierra Leone, fifty dollars:
Provided, That the salaries of the judges and other
officers shall be paid to them only upon the condition
that they reside at the place whore tho courts are to
be held, as provided by law, and only for so much of
the time as they reside at such places.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not the way 1 under-
stood the vote. It places me in a false position.
I never voted for the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana as an addition to the proposition
of the Senator from New Hampshire. I there-
fore move a reconsideration of the last vote.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the vote adopting
my amendment will be reconsidered, and then
I will offer it as a substitute for the other.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the point.
Mr. MORTON. We shall then understand
what we are voting for, and that will cut the
Uordian knot-
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he is in favor of paying these
salaries to the judges whether they reside at
the places where their courts are to be held or
not?
Mr. SUMNER. No ; I say I am earnestly
in favor of the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WARNER. Then, it seems to me, the
way is clear; that proposition which the Sen-
ator is in favor of has beeu adopted as part of
