1,869.
THE CONGMK&SIOHAL GLOBE.
of Mr. -Kelsey, there were—ayes 9, noes 12;
no quorum voting-.
The CHAIRMAN* If tfeere be no objec-
tion this question will be passed over for the
present informally.
Mr. PE TERS. I object.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jen.ckes and
Mr. Kelsey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported-^ayes 17, noes .20; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the roll will be called.
The roll was accordingly called; and the fol-
lowing-named members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Adams, Allison, Anderson, Archer, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley,Bailey, Baker,Baldwin,
Banks, Barnum, Beatly, Bcek, Benjamin, Benton,
Bingham, Blackburn, Blair, Boles, Boutweli, Bowen,
Boyden, Boyer, BromweLI. Buekland, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Calhs, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, C'iit, Coburn, Cook.Corley,
Covode, Culiom, "Dawes, Delano, Deweese, Dixon,
Dockerv, Dodge, Donnelly, J>riggs>, Eivvards, Kggle-
ston, Eidndge, Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott,
Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Fox, G-arfield,
G-lossbrenner, Gfoye, Gravely, Griswold,- Grover,
Haight, Hamilton, -Harding, Haughey, Hawkins,
Heaton, Hill, Hooper, Asabel W. Hubbard, Richard
D« Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Laflin,
Lash, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, IVIallory,
Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy, McCormick, McCul-
lough, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrell,
Morrissev, Myers, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholbon,
Norris, Nunn, Orth, P :uie, rile, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Prince, Pruyn, Rdii'lail, Raum, Robinson, Roots,
Sawyer, Schenck, Selye, Shanks, Shellabarger. Sit-
greaves. Smith. Starkweather, Stone, Sypher, Tnffe,
Taylor, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Aernarn, Van Auken.Burt Van Horn, Robeit
T. Van Horn, Van \Vyck, Vidal, Word, Cadwalader
C.Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne. Welker, Wkitte-
more, Thomas Williams, John T. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward,
and Young.
The committee rose ; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole
having found itself without a quorum he had
directed the roll to be called, and reported to
the House the names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER. Sixty-nine members only
have answered to their names.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
if the gentleman who is antagonizing the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will agree, these
amendments can be considered as adopted and
we can have a vote on them in the House.
Does he agree to that ?
Mr. JENCKES. If my amendments are
adopted that is all I can ask. Of course any
member can ask for a separate vote on them
in the House.
Mr. IvELSEY. We cannot agree to that.
All we can do now is to adjourn or have a vote
of the House. I move that there be a call of
the House, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 46, not voting
107 ; as follows :
Y EAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arnell, Banks, Bca-
man. Beatty, Beck, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckley, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Ciift, Cobb, Cook,
Corley, Dawes. Dickoy, Dixon, Ela, Thomas D. Eliot,
Ferries, Getz, Uoliaday, (ioss, Heatou, I]i^uy. Ilotch-
kiss, Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, -Tudd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Koontz, William Lawrence,
Miller, Moore, Multins, Newsham, Niblack, O'Neill,
Perllam. Peters, Pierce, Pile, Plants, Poland, Price,
Prince, Roots, Scofield, Spalding, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stover, Taylor, Thomas,
Trowbridge, Twichett, Upson, Henrv D. Washburn,
Whittemore, William Williams, and James F. Wil-
son—bV>.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Baker, Barnes, Blaine,
Blair, Bromwell, Brooks, Calhs, Churchill, Cornell,
Cullom, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, French,
Gravely, Halsey, llolman, Hopkins, Chester D.
Hubbard, Ilnlburd, Humphrey, Thomas L. Jones, ,
Ketchain, Kitchen, Knott, George V. Lawrence, :
Loughridge, Marvin, McCormick, Mclvee, Mercur,
Moorhead, Mungen, Myers, Phelps, Pike, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Stone, Tabcr, TalTe, Van Aeinam,
* inTrump^ and William B. Washburn—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ander-
son, Delos R. Ashley, JamcsM. Ashley, Bailey. Bald-
win, Barnum, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Black-
burn, Boles. Bowen, Boyden, Buekland, Rodci ick K.
Bui lea-, On.ko, Cary, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Covode, Delano, Deweese,
Dockery, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs, Edwaids, Eld-
ndse. James T. Elliott. Ferry, Fields, Fox, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Govo, Griswold, Grover, Haight, Ham-
ilton, Harding, Hsnghey, Hawkins, Hill, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hunter,
Ingersoll, Kellogg, Kerr, Laflin, Lash, Lincoln,
Loan, Logan, Lynch. Mallory, Marshall, Maynard,
McCarthy, McCullough, Morreli, Morrissey, New-
ooinb, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, Orth, Paine; Pettis,
Polsley, Pomeroy,'Prayn,Randall, Raum, Robinson,
Schenek, Selye, Shanks, Snellabarger, Sitgreaves;
Smith, Sypher, Tift, John Trimble, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Burt Van Horn, Robert 1'.
Van Horn, Van Wyck. Vidal, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, Thomas
Williams, John T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, Wood, Woodbridge, Woodward, and Young—107.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSEXCE.
Mr. Boyden and Mr. Lawrexce, of Ohio,
were granted leave of absence for the evening
session.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the clerks of the
Patent Office be closed within five minutes
after the consideration of the bill shall be
resumed.
Mr. MUNGEN. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Debate may be closed by
a majority vote on the paragraph which has
been read, but on the paragraphs which have
not been read it will require a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules in order that all debate on
the paragraphs in relation to the clerks and
other employes in the Patent Office may be
closed in five minutes after the consideration
of the bill shall be resumed.
Mr. MYERS. I move to make it twenty
minutes.
The House divided ; and there were ayes—
37, noes 76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my motion, and make it ten minutes.
The rules were suspended; and it was or-
dered accordingly.
Mr BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe
Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 1613, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on Mr. Jexckes's amendment to
Mr. Ket.sey's amendment.
The tellers, Mr. Kelsey and Mr. Jexckes,
resumed their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 42, noes G9.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Kelsey to strike out "thirty-two" and
insert "thirty-five;" and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For twenty-sis clerks of class one, J?31,200.
Mr. KELSEY. I move, on behalf of the
committee, to strike out "twenty-six" and
insert "forty;" and to increase the amount of
appropriation to $48,000.
Mr. SPALDING. That is six more than
they ask for.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting the following:
For forty female clerks, $36,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield a moment?
Mr. AXTELL. For a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that, if the House shall vote that female
clerks shall receive the same pay as male clerks
I will proposethen that the Ml be amended
ail through, to make one test question of it to
save time. " •
Mr. AXTELL. I cannot yield any further.
We have a test here presented for those who
are in favor of economy and Of fair play to-
ward the females in employing them as clerks
in the Departments. There is no provision in
this Department for female clerks, and yet this
labor caa be performed, as well by them as by
isalo clerks, with a . saving of the difference
between $48,000.and $36,000. Youhave an
opportunity now of throwingopen the doors of
this class of clerkships for which we now pay
$1,200 salary to females in the various Depart-
ments. I pledge myself, with the good sense
of the House to back me, that you can get
competent female clerks for these places. Fol-
lowing out the very able argument of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, : [Mr. Scofjeld,]
that we ought not to pay more than the mar-
ket price for labor, y oa can obtain female clerks
at $>900 a year, thereby saving $300 on eaeh
one of the forty clerks in this Department.
Now, sir, it is not a question of gallantry, I
beg gentlemen to believe, when we propose to
furnish employment to women. We thereby
save these young men that are wasting their
lives in this feminine employment with only
the prospect of a bare subsistence and no future
accumulation; we save them for the great
realm of strong labor in the great West, in
searching and digging for gold, in hunting the
buffalo in Idaho and Montana, in following
those pursuits that will develop their man-
hood. Let them leave these soft places to the
women of America who are willing to work
cheap. Let us come right down to the prop-
osition and change society in this respect, giv-
ing to our sisters and daughters a chance here
at the seat of Government and elsewhere to
win an honest and comfortable livelihood. I
hope the committee will seriously consider this
proposition. I understand not only from the
debate here, but also from the voice of the
country, that the women of this country who
are competent to do this work would be satis-
fied with $900 a year, and I understand by
bills and propositions constantly thrust upon
this House that male clerks with families can-
not live upon their present salaries, and are
therefore enntinually asking for an increase.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield for a question?
Mr. AXTELL. For a question only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 suggest
to the gentleman whether he does not think
the women are worth more in Idaho and Mon-
tana to raise children than here? [Laughter.]
Mr. AXTELL. I think that remark is not
respectful to the ladies of Washington or to the
women of America. Whenever they have ac-
quired for themselves that honorable standing
and position that opens the means of livelihood
that will give to them men fit and worthy to be
fathers to their children, I do not doubt they
will become worthy and happy mothers. I hope
they will here and elsewhere.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So do I.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, it was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Kelsey, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For twenty temporary clerks, at SI,200 each, $24,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out that
paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. X move to insert after line
six hundred and ninety-seven, the following :
For thirteen copyists of drawings, at $1,000 each,
$13,000; for fifty-three female copyists, at 6/00 oacn,
537,100.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment so as t'1 make the pay $720. That
will be even §60 a raciith.
The amendment to the , xendment was re-
jected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " $700" and
