THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
inserting '' $900*' in lieu thereof. I do it for
th'e ;p«rnose of inquiring of the gentleman from
New York why he makes a distinction; why
these clerks should not receive the same pay
a#clerks in other Departments receive?
Mr. KELSEY. Because these clerks are
mere copyists, and the committee' fixed their
pay at $700.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the clerks em-
ployed in 'other Departments are copyists too.
Men are employed in other Departments at
$1,200 a year who do not do as much work as
ffiese clerks do. I object to the distinction. I
46 .not understand the policy of this Commit-
tee Qn-Appropriations, this cutting and slash-
ing and making distinctions in the different
Departments.
Mr. KELSEY. The Committee on Appro-
priations make a distinction according to the
labor performed by the clerks.
: Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, the labor is
writing, and just exactly the same kind of
writing that is done in the other Departments
at $900 a year. "Why make a distinction ? If
tfhese clerks are to have only $700 a year, put
the others' down to §700. But there is mani-
fest injustice in slashingabout and cutting down
here' and covering up there, knocking a man
down in one Department and knocking a man
up in another, raising a salary here and lower-
ing one there. I do object to it.
Mr. SC0P1ELD. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that these clerks were
formerly paid by the folio. They will get much
better pay if they are paid a salary in this
way. They will not be so liable to be cheated
as they were before. It was for the protection
of these ladies that the committee concluded
to pay them a salary, and under this system
they will get better pay than they did under
the old one. The money which we appropriate
will all go to them instead of being divided
between them and somebody else.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
all these paragraphs relating to the Patent
Office.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. For the purpose ofrestoring
the work in the Patent Office to its present
condition I move to amend the amendment by
striking Out the last clause and inserting " for
copyists, $68,600."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now move to amend the
paragraph beginning on line seven hundred
and four, by striking; out "five" and inserting
"seven," and by sinking out "$4,500" and
inserting "$6,300;" so that it will read :
For seven skilled laborers at $900 each, $6,300.
The' amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out line
seven hundred and eleven, as follows:
For one laborer, 8240,
and to insert in lieu thereof,
For seven laborers at $600 each, $4,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend in line
seven hundred and sixteen by striking out the
words "and so forth, and so forth" and in-
serting in lieu thereof the words "and other
contingencies; " -so that the paragraph will
read :
For contingent expenses of "the Patent Office,
namely, for illustrations of annual report, stationery
for use of office, printing patents, furniture for rooms,
repairs, advertising, books for library, international
exchanges, plumbing, gas-fitting, and other contin-
gencies, $120,000, and no further or greater sum shall
Be paid or contracted to be paid for said contingent
expanses; and it shall be the duty of the Commis-
* sioner of Patents to make a full and detailed report
to ftacto, December session of Congress of the manner
in wbicWsaid contingent expenses have been dis-
bursed. -
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read* as follows:
he Uistriot of Columbia, and also for jurors and wit
nesses, in aid of the funds arising from fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures, in the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870, and previous years, and likewise for defray-
ing the expenses of suits in which the United States
are concerned, including legal assistance to the At-
torney General, and other special and extraordinary
expenditures in cases of the Supreme Court of the
United States in which the United States are con-
cerned, and of prosecutions for offenses committed
against the United Sta:es, and for the safe-keeping
ot prisoners, $1,000,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
by instructions of the Committee on Appro-
priations, to amend the paragraph just read
by striking out " $1,000,000" and inserting
" $1,500,000." That is a decrease of $500,000
from last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department:
For compensation of the Secretary of IVar, §8,000;
chief clerk ; tour clerks of class four ; for additional
to one clerk of class four, as disbursing clerk,$200;
for seven clerks of class three; three clerks of class
two; eight clerks of class one; one messenger; three
assistant messengers; one laborer, $46,560,
Office of Adjutant General:
For three clerks of class four, nine clerks of class
three, twenty-seven elerks of class two, twenty-six
clerks of class one, and two messengers, $90,4S0.
Office of Quartermaster General:
For tour clerks of class four; eight clerks of class
three; twenty clerks of class two ; seventy-five clerks
of class one; thirty copyists; superintendent of the
building, 8200; one messenger ; two assistant mes-
sengers; and «ix laborers, $171,040.
Olhce ofPaymaster General:
For chief clerk; four clerks of class four; one clerk
of class three; also three elerks of class three, author-
ized by clause in the act of February 25,1863, $4,800:
Provided, That said clerks shall not be continued
atter the 30th of June, 1870; twenty-six clerks of
class two, thirty clerks of class one, and two messen-
gers, $89,680.
Mr. KELSEY. At tlie suggestion of the
chief clerk of tlie Paymaster General's office,
I move to strike out all of the paragraph just
read under the head " office of Paymaster
General," and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
1 chief clerk at $2,200  $2,200
5 division clerks at $2,C00   10,000
4 clerks of class four at $1,SU0  7,200
20 clerks of class three at $1,600   32,000
21 elerks of class two at $1,400  29,400
6 clerks of class one at $1,200  7,200
mooo
It will be observed that very nearly precisely
the same amount, a little less, is appropriated
by the amendment I have offered that is pro-
posed by the paragraph in the bill. I move
this amendment at the suggestion of the chief
clerk of the Paymaster's office. While he re-
duces the number of clerks he increases their
grade and pays them better. There is great
complaint that many of these clerks are inad-
equately paid. He thinks the department
will be more efficient if the number of clerks
is reduced and clerks of a higher grade are
employed.
Mr. UPSON. I wouldinquirewhatassurance
we have that at another session we will not
be asked for more clerks, and that this is but
an indirect way of raising the salary of clerks
uuder the pretense of reducing their number?
What assurance have we that at another ses-
sion they will not come in here and ask for an
increase of the number of clerks ?
Mr. MAYNA.RD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] another
question. The provision in the bill contains
this clause :
Also three clerks of class three, authorized by
clause in the act of February 25, 1863, $4,800: Pro-
vided, That said clerks shall not be continued after
the 30th of June, 1870.
Why does that clause disappear from the
amendment? Why is it not kept in ? I would
like to be informed upon that point.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Kelsey; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Offiee of the Commissary General:
'For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class three,
ten clerks of class two, Iwenfcy clerks of class one,
one messenger, and two laborers $43,440.
Offiee of the Surgeon General:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class throe,
two clerks of class two, ten clerks of class one, one
messenger, and one laborer, $19,640.
Office of chief engineer:
For four clerks of class four, four clerks of class
three, four clerks of class two, three clerks of claa*
one, two messengers, and one laborer, $25,080.
Office of chief of ordnance:
For two clerks of class four, one clerk of class
three, four clerks of class two,six clerksof class one,
and one messenger, $18,840.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to strike out the clause under the head
of " office of chief of ordnance " and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
For chief clerk, three clerks of class four, three
clerks of class three, five clerks of class two, eight
clerks of class one, and one messenger, $28,040.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of Military Justice:
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class three,
one clerk of class two, and two clerks of class one,
57,200.
Signal office:
For two clerks of class two, $2,800.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to insert the following after the clause
just read :
Office of Inspector General and Inspector of the
Military Academy:
One clerk of class four, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of "War:
For blank-books, stationery, labor, books, maps,
extra clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, §10,000.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and miscel-
laneous items, $15,000.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, stationery, binding, and miscel-
laneous items, <]0,000,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to insert after the last clause read the
following:
Offiee of Commissnry General:
For office rent, $3,300; for fuel and lights, §1,150;
for repairs. £500; for two watchmen, $1,200: for two
laborers, 61,200; total, $7,350.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the general purposes of the Navy Depart-
ment building:
Forcompensation of five watchmen and two labor-
ers of the bjilding, $4,200.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out '• live" before '•watchmen " and inserting
"three;" and by striking out "$4,200" and
inserting "$2,760 so as to make the para-
graph read:
For compensation of three watchmen and two
laborers of the building, $2,760.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Agricultural statistics:
For collecting statistics and material for annual
report, §10,000.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out " ten" and
inserting "fifteen;" so as to make the amount
of the appropriation $15,000. I desire to Call
the attention of the gentleman having charge
of this bill to the fact that the Commissioner
of Agriculture had some consultation with the
chairman of the committee in reference to this
matter, and the committee assented to the
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; the
amendtnent was agreed to in the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, I move to amend,
by inserting after the pending paragraph the
following:
For improvement of the grounds around the new
agricultural building, $10,000.
I think this amenement also has the absent
of the chairman of the committee. , , ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh? bo,
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I move to amend by
