1869.
THE COKGEESSIO-ML GLOBE.
797
sary and proper. But, sir, if I understand this
bill, its provisions violate a great principle of
government by attempting to anticipate the
decision of a judicial question and decide it here
in this House. Sir, 1 mean no reflection-upon
the intelligence of this body when I say that it is
the least competent of all bodies in the country
to decide judicial-questions; Now, sir, whether
the State of New York has the Tight, to bridge
that river by the incorporation or a company
for the purpose is a question which must come
before the courts. That question has arisen
with reference to the Mississippi and the Ohio,
and various streams in different parts of the
country. It is in its nature a judicial question;
and its decision ought to be left to the judicial
tribunals. No tribunal other than a court is
competent to deal with th? question prudently
and properly with reference to the interests of
all parties concerned. Now, the effect of this
bill, as I suppose, is to decide this question
before parties appear, and before evidence has
been heard. Without knowing anything about
the case, we propose to decide here that this
bridge shall not be deemed an obstruction to
the navigation of that, river-.. If this.bill be
passed, thi.s deoision of a judicial question will
be pronounced by this House. On th'isground
X am opposed to the bill; and I hope it will
not be passed. . • '. . ;
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I tqish. to ask-the-gen-
tleman whether,, so far as' he knows, any suit
is pending in reference to this matter ?
Sir. WOODWARD. Oh, no; i suppose no
suit is pending, The bridge is not yet built,
and of course no suit is now pending.
Mr, BARNES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say that the Legislature of the State of New Y ork
in incorporating a company for the construc-
tion of this bridge did not consider its action as
jnvolvingany new legal question,or any question
that had not already been settled by legislation
arid in the courts. The act of incorporation lias
been submitted, to the people, and $3,000,000
of the capital stock has already been sub-
scribed. And both, just a,t the close of this
Congress, it has been deetned prudent to ask
the opinion of Congress with reference to any
estoppel which might beplaced upon thq further
prosecution of this great work, ^vhich is to cost
from six to nine million dollars. The import-
ance of this work is not doubted by any one
here or elsewhere. The interferences with com-
merce has been correctly stated as amounting
probably to nothing, and upon the consent of
Congress that the bridge may be considered
a lawful structure the requisite amotjpt of capi-
tal will be immediately subscribed, and before
another Congress assembles the work will be
in progress of construction. I hope the con-
sent of the House will be given by the passage
of this bill.
Mr. COOK. I have a single word to say in
reply totheg«ntleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.] -There is no judicial question
anticipated by the, provisions of this bill—none
at all. There is a question whether the State
of New York has pow^r to authorize the con^-
struction of this bridge across tido-watei;, or
whether it is vested in Congress, and whether
anybody who has a pecuniary interest in op-
posing the construction of this bridge may he
able to invoke the aid of the United States
courts by injunction to stop it? The amount
of capital invested is so large—from six to ten
million dollars, as appears from the testimony
before th e committee—-that the bridge cannot be
built while the question of jurisdiction remains
unsettled.
Mr. WARD. Is- there any harm in leaving
it to the courts?
Mr. COOK. There is this harm: there is no
question involved but this, whether the State
of New. Yovk has power ta authorize the con-
struction of a bridge admitted on all hands to
be a great public benefit ? If the power is in
the United States, let the United States give
it. If it is in the State of New York, that
State has already given it. There is no ques-
tion of law involved.
-■ Mr. WOODWARD. Will tlie gentleman
aCcept an amendment to this effect ? > '
Provided, That this bill shall not be construed to
legalize any structure that interrupts the navigation
of that stream.
Mr.. COOK. I cannot do that for this rea-
son : that is precisely the effect now of the act
of incorporation. The law of the State of
New York provides that no structure shall be
authorized by that act of incorporation which
in any manner interrupts the navigation of the
river'.
Mr. "PRUYN. Will the gentleman yie}d to
me?
Mr. COOK. I will yield five minutes.
Mr. PRUYN. My connection as cotinsel
with the long litigation in the Hudson river
bridge case has made me somewhat familiar
with the principles involved in the bill before
us. While I admit that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] is entirely right
in his general position, thai we should not
anticipate judic-jal Questions, yet he is, I think,
Wrong in applying *the rule to, this cas^'. In
the litigations in'regard to the Troy bridge &nd
the Albany bridge the'eotfrts held, although
both bridges were' over tide-water, that they
were legal structures. But some doubt was
thrown over the matter, arising from the fact
that in the Albany bridge case the decision in
the Supreme Court of the United States was
made by a divided court, although in a case
arising, I thiuk, in the gentleman's own State,
the court has since held, if not with unanimity,
at least by a- very decided majority, that the
States have jurisdiction over the matter, and
may authorize the erection of bridges over
navigable rivers within their respective limits
provided such bridges do not create any mate-
rial obstruction to navigation.
Now, in my judgment, the'State of New York
has full power to authorize theerecti-on .of this
bridge without the assent of Congress. But
thrfe courts' of the United States may, as in the
Wheeling bridge case, should the bridge prove
to be a material obstruction to navigation, in-
terfere to protect the interests of commerce
and prevent the contemplated injury. But
inasmuch as the charter of this company,
granted by the State of New York, requires
that this bridge shall be so built as not to in-
terfere with the commerce of the East river, it
is clear that if it should prove to be an obstruc-
tion to navigation the courts of the United
States might interfere and protect the rights
of the public. That charter is referred to in
and made substantially a part of the act now
under consideration, and, the company cannot
escape from its-obligations. This measure I
look upon as chiefly precautionary, in order
that those who feel willing to invest capital in
the enterprise-may know that they will have no
legal questions to meet as to the right to build
the bridge provided the company fairly com-
plies with its charter.
Mr. COOK. I now yield for five minutes to
thegentlemanfromNcw York, [Mr. Chanlek,]
as he represents the city of New York.
Mr. CHANLBR. I merely wish to state
that this is a question o£ more or less import-
ance to the commerce of New York, and I
think that if' there was any danger of an ob-
struction in the future to that commerce, the
Chamber of Commerce or the merchants o£
the city of New York, who are cognizant of
the fact that this bridge is about to be built,
would have presented some opposition through
their Representatives upon this floor to this
measure.
So far as I am aware it is the common wish
of all classes of the citizens of New York that
this bridge or some similar bridge should be
erected across the East river, and, in time,
across the North river, for the purpose of con-
necting the island of New York with the main
land, to furnish every possible convenience for
commerce and communication with the in-
terior. As a local necessity for the residents
in the city of Brooklyn this bridge is of primary
importance. A very large portion of the wealth-
iest merchants in the city of New York reside
in th© city of Brooklyn, and independent of
their direct personal advantage in crossing the
stream daring the inclement season of the year,
they-are fully aware of any detriment which
may come to the general commercial affairs of
the city and port of New York as well as any
man upon this floor or as any merchant in the
city of New York proper. And notwithstand-
ing all the difficulties which may spring up in
the future, notwithstanding the legal objections
which may lie in the argument advanced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] the commercial necessities ofthisbridge
override all other points in this debate. I be-
lieve the city of New York to be unanimous
in the wish for it, and, as one of the Represent-
atives of that city, I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. COOK. In order to put an end to this
discussion I have consented that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Dei.ano] may offer an
amendment. It does not change the terms of
the bill at all, but it may make it plainer.
Mr. DELANO. I move to add to the bill
the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed so as to legalize any strueturo which shall
materially injure the navigation of that river.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois. This
question has been examined, and no one sup-
poses that a bridge is going to be constructed
that will be an obstruction to commerce or
navigation. But if the' amendment is adopted
there ought to be some time limited within
which the objection or legal proceeding is to
be taken-^say within six months. We do not
want-to build a bridge' at acost of $10,000,000
and have to take it'down and put it up again
every day. [Laughter.]
Mr. COOK. The law of the State of New
York provides that no structure shall be built
which shall in any manner impair the naviga-
tion of the river, and this bill provides that
the structure, when built in accordance with
the law of the State of New York, or in other
words, in a way which shall not impede the
navigation of the river, shall boa lawful struc-
ture. I now demand the previous question on
the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WOODWARD called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
' Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE CONNECTICUT RIVER.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill (H. R. No. -1850)
to establish a certain post road in the State of
Connecticut; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the assent of Congress shall
be given to the erection of a draw-bridge over
the Connecticut river at or near Middletown,
in the State of Connecticut, by the New Haven,
Middletown, and Willimantic Railroad Com-
pany, ia accordance with the terms of a joint
resolution passed in May, 1868, by the General
Assembly of the State of Connecticut, amend-
atory of the charter of said railroad company.
The second section provides that the bridge,
when completed in the manner specified in said
