1869.
THE CONGKESSKXNAL GlLOBEi
Dahlonega, to such other branch mints as in his
opinion may require the same, or at his discretion
to discontinue the branch mint at New Orleans,
Charlotte, and Dahlonega, and to dispose of the
property belonging thereto, if he shall deem it ex-
pedient, at public auction to the highest bidder.
Now, the fact in regard to this mint is that
the confederates took possession of the build-
ing and used it as a workshop. After the close
of the war the machinery left in it was removed
by the Government to the Mint at Philadelphia.
There is not a single thing there except the
building, and the Secretary of the Treasury
was authorized to sell that. He has been au-
thorized to sell it ever since July, 1S6G, and I
do not know why he has not done so. I do
not see why we should keep this man there to
look at this building. I shall make a motion
to strike it all out.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing it to $2,000.
Mr. Chairman, I truly hope the committee
will deal liberally with the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Deweese.] He is a
constituent of mine, although claiming to rep-
resent a portion of the people of the State of
North Carolina. [Laughter.] He is a gen-
tleman in whom I feel a great interest, and in
whom my constituents feel a deep interest, and
inasmuch as he has not been able to do much
so far for the people of North Carolina I hope,
as an act of friendship, we will pass this amend-
ment for him. He votes in my district.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do they not let any man
vote in the gentleman's district who will vote
on the right side ?
Mr. NIBLACK. We do not make any ob-
jection except on account of race or color. In
every other respect we are very liberal. If the
gentleman from Tennessee should attempt to
vote in my district it would be a very tight
squeeze. [Laughter.]
Now, as a matter of liberality and courtesy
to the gentleman hailing from North Carolina,
but really from my district, I hope this amend-
ment will meet with the favorable considera-
tion of this committee. I wish to act liberally
in this matter. I wish to appeal to the House
as an act of courtesy to me to adopt this amend-
ment. It would gratify my constituents at home
very much ; and furthermore, I have no doubt
that if we shall discover gold in North Caro-
lina, as my friend seems to believe we will, this
man will be very much needed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEWEESE. The gentleman claims
me as one of his constituents. Like most of
the members of his party, as he showed that
lie was never going to either resign or die, I
had to go to North Carolina. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. If he has left my district
uiy people are not generalljr aware of it.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. I appeal
to the House to pass this bill to-night. We
have only five or six pages left. If we do
not debate for the sake of debate we can run
through it to-night, and I pray the House to
do so, as it ought to be in the Senate to-mor-
row.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. Deweese's amendment to the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For additional salary of the treasurer of the branch
mini at Denver, $500.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike that out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of Dakota,:
For salaries of Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs, chief justice, and two associate judges,
and secretary, $9,700.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to strike out
" §9,700" and insert1' $12,700so as to make
the appropriation §12,700. All the other Ter-
ritories are allowed §12,000 except Colorado,
which-has $11,800; and I do not see why Da-
kota should be limited to §9,700. We are
often pinched and are compelled to resort to
the closest economy. I make the amendment
so as as to make the appropriation equal to.
that for the other Territories.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation and mileage of the members of
the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contin-
gent expenses of the Assembly, $20,000: Provided,
That hereafter the legislative sessions of the several
Territories shall only bo held biennially.
Mr. POLAND. I move to strike out that
proviso and insert the following:
That hereafter the members of both branches of
the Legislative Assemblies of the several Territories
shall be chosen for the term of two years, and the
sessions of the Legislative Assemblies shall be bien-
nial; and each territorialLegislatureshallatits first
session after the passage of this act make provision
lor carrying it into effect.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For fuel, labor, furniture, stationery, and miscel-
laneous items, $7,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out
" §7,000 " and insert " $10,000." That is the
sum estimated for the Attorney General's office.
The appropriation last year was not commen-
surate with the demands of the office. It is,
perhaps, conducted with more economy than
any other in the country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We appropriate $7,000
and the gentleman asks $10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken ; it includes the business of the Court
of Claims.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Oh, no.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly it does ; the
clerks, messengers, and all.
Mr. AXTELL. I desire to slate that in the
nine Territories, for the judges' associates, and
all the officers in each one of the Territories, the
aggregate of all the expenses is only §10,000.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to move an amend-
mentto the previous paragraph, in regard to the
Territory of Wyoming.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries of the chief justice and sis associate
justices, §42,500.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend by strik-
ing out all after the word "justices" and in-
serting in lieu thereof "$70,500, being §10,500
for the chief justice and §10,000 for each asso-
ciate justice."
This amendment was given tome, with a re-
quest to offer it, by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Pruyn.] I said to him that I hardly
felt at liberty to advocate it, though if the pres-
ent condition of things was to continue I
thought the salaries of these judges ought to
be raised.
Mr. CULLOM. I suggest to the gentleman
to put it at §8,000. I think that would perhaps
meet the approval of the committee.
Mr. POLAND. 1 assume no authority over
the amendment.
Mr. CULLOM. I will, then, move to amend
the amendment by striking out "§10.500" and
inserting "$8,000," and making the aggregate
to correspond.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to ; and the amendment, as amended, was dis-
agreed to—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salaries of the district judges of the United
States. $165,000.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend by
adding the following proviso :
Provided, That the salaries of the district judges of
the United States lor the eastern and southern dis-
trict of New York shall hereafter be §6,000 a year.
A Member. What are their salaries now?
Mr. CHURCHILL. Forty-five huudred dol-
ars a year. The State judges in the city of
New York are paid §10,000 a year, and the
justices of the peace $0,000. Now, with the
talent and industry required to fulfill the duties
of the district judges of the courts of the Uni- |
ted States in these two districts, I think it is I
but right and just that we should pay them at
least the sum proposed in this amendment.
These judges are confined, to the city of New
York and Brooklyn continually during the year
by the duties of their office. They are com-
pelled to live ia those cities with their families,
and the expense of living there is very great;
and the amount of labor that they are required
to do makes,this increase a proper one. The
number of suits that were commenced in the
district court of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York in the year 1867 in
which the United States was a party, was eight
hundred and seventy-three. That is three times
as many ,as were brought in any other district
in the United States. It is but a fair example
of the amount of labor performed in that dis-
trict as compared with the other districts.
Mr. PILE. I rise to oppose the amendment
for the reason that these judges are now paid
better than the district judges of any other
section of the country. The judge of the east-
ern district of Missouri gets $3,000 and does
a very large amount of business in his court
at St. Louis. A very great number of mari-
time cases come into that court, arising out of
the large amount of navigation on the upper
and lower Missouri river.
Judge Treat, who I think has as much ahility
as any judge of the Federal courts in the State
of New York, is engaged his entire time during
the entire year in the transaction of the business
of that court at a salary of $3,000. The judge
of the western district of the State gets also
only $3,000. I do not remember what the
i judges of the courts in the State of Illinois get.
Now, unless there can be an equalization of
the salaries of these judges all over the country,
based upon the amount of time they are engaged
and the ability they briug to the discharge of
the duties of their office, I am opposed to the
increase of the salaries of these judges in New
York, making them an exception. I yield the
remainder of my time to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I really
hope the salaries of these two judges will be
raised, and for this reason: amid the corruption
that has been been poured into New York, and
amid all that has been said against the judges
in New York, the Federaljudiciary has escaped
without taint or blemish, and anybody who
knows the expense of living in New York knows
that $4,500 is not enough. I admit that when
the salaries were first fixed that amount was
right, in comparison with the restof the country.
But I say again, that the only bright spot in the
judiciary of New York is in the Federal judi-
ciary, and I do hope the committee will raise
these salaries. I think it would be economy.
The State judges have $10,000 ; the city judges
have $10,000; the justices of the peace have
§6,000. We have two judges there who have
done their whole duty, and within the two
months last past they have made two decisions
in favor of the internal revenue which will save
millions of dollars a year to this country in tax-
ation alone. Judge Beneaictand Judge Blatch-
ford have brought to justice those who believed
they could not be brought to justice. I hope
we shall show our appreciation of such services
by giving them a fair increase of salary.
Mr. POLAND. Imovetoamendthe amend-
ment by striking out the last word. Upon this
subject of the salaries of district judges I have
had some little experience, as it was mainly
through my efforts that they were raised to
what they now are. Until some two years ago
the salaries of most of the district judges in
the United States were $2,000 a year. I hey
ranged fiom $2,000 to $5,000. The salaries
of the district judges at New Orleans and hi
California were §5,000. No other was as much
as §4,000. I believe §3,750i was _ the highest
except those two. The salaries ot more than
half the district judges in the United States
were but $2,000. Now, in the Senate I intro-
duced a bill to raise the salaries of the district
judges, and I proposed to put them into two
classes of §4,000 and §5,000. That bill was
adopted as an amendment to an appropriation
