1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
bill) and it went to a committee of conference.
That particular subject of the judges' salaries
was a matter of conference, and the salaries
of all the district judges throughout the United
States were fixed as they now are, the lowest at
$8,500 and the highest at $-5,000. Now, I am
opposed to raisingthe salaries of two particular
judges, because we shall have to raise the
others up to match them. It is said that these
judges in the city of New York have to work
■very hard and to work all the time. So does
the district judge in Boston. So does the dis-
trict judge in Philadelphia. So does the dis-
trict judge in Baltimore. Several of the district
judges have to work as hard as have these
judges in New York. They work all the time,
and these judges in New York do not have to
work any more. I submit that that is not much
of an element in fixing a judge's salary. A
judge cannot do any other business. It costs
a judge as much to live and support a family
when he does not work as it does when he does
work, and rather more, as has been my expe-
rience, I insist that that is not much of an
element in determining the amount of salary to
be paid to these officers. And the idea of my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that
we must pay these judges in New York for being
honest, 1 do not take any stock in at. all. I
insist that judges everywhere should be honest;
and that we should not increase the pay of a
judge merely because we find him to be an hon-
est man. Now, if we raise the salaries of these
two judges in New York we shall be pursued
incessantly until we have raised the salaries of
all the rest ofthe judges throughout the United
States to correspond. I would have been bet-
ter satisfied had the salaries been made last
Congress somewhat higher than they were.
But the salaries of these New York judges are
as high in proportion as the salaries of the
other district judges throughout the country.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I was one of the con-
ferees on the part of the House on the occa-
sion alluded to by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland.] The salaries as they
now stand were determined upon by that com-
mittee of conference after a great deal of care
and consideration, and also after a great deal
of hesitation on the part of the committee.
I am opposed to making any change in them
at this time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Churchill.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it a clause making the salary
of the judge for the northern district of Illi-
nois $6,000. And I propose to say a very few
words upon that subject.
I do not concur in the suggestion of my
friend from the St. Louis district [Mr. Pile]
that the salaries of all these judges should be
equal. I recollect the time in our State when
the entire State composed but one district,
and the courts were not held more than one
week, or two weeks at the extreme, in a year ;
that was when I first went to the State. There
was comparatively no business in the State.
Since that time the business of the courts
has grown with the growth of the State, and
the development of commerce throughout
the State. This is particularly the case with
the business of the court in the northern part
of the State. The entire businessarisingfrom
the commerce of the lakes centers in the
court in the northern part of the State. I
know that the judge of that district is one of
the most laborious judicial officers in the
United States of America, working night and
day and holding court the year round. I know,
too, that with the expenses of living now pre-
vailing in the city of Chicago it is utterly im-
possible for him to meet the current expenses
of his family on his presen(; salary of $4,500;
that is withirl my Knowledge. I know, too,
that he is one of the purest and most worthy
of the judicial officers that grace the bench. I
ask this House to fix his salary at $6,000 a
year.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to substitute for
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Church-
ill] the following:
The clerks of the district courts of the United State?
for the southern and eastern districts of New York
shall hereby be allowed to pay out of fees of the said
clerks to thejuderes of said district courts the sum of
82.000 each annually, which slid sum the said judges
shall be allowed to receive in addition to the com-
pensation now allowed them by law.
The effect of my substitute, if adopted, will
be to make the additional compensation to the
judges of $2,000 per annum payable out of the
fees of the courts. Those courts last year paid
into the Treasury of the United States more
than twenty-five thousand dollars of surplus
fees. When gentlemen speak about the services
performed by judges in other districts I desire
to say that we know there are no two judicial
districts in the United States, State or Federal,
where the same amount of business is thrown
upon the judges that is thrown upon the two
United States district judges in New York city.
I have not the pleasure of a personal acquaint-
ance with Judge Benedict. But I have known
Judge Blatchford for many years; and I know
there is no man of more pure personal char-
acter, of higher professional attainments, or
of greater professional pride and industry.
And the only wonder to me, knowing some-
thing of the amount of business thrown upon
him in that court, is that he is able to endure
it at all; that his health has held out to enable
him to do it at all. He sits daily, having twelve
stated terms during the year ; and every day,
when not sitting in slated term, he is doing
chamber duty and hearing motions.
Now, while the supreme court judges through-
out the State of New York receive by law but
$3,500, in the city of New York the judges of
the supreme court, of the superior court, and
of the court of common pleas, are paid a salary
of$10,000. Why is this? Because, asweknow,
$4,000 in the city of New York will not pay the
house rentand buy the fuel ofa man who is fit to
preside in court and dispose of the great public
and private interests which are decided upon
by those judges. Now, although S6,000earmot
be called adequate compensation for the judges
ofthe United States district courts performing
duty in that city, it approaches nearer to the
proper pay than the present allowance. The
reason for making this discrimination as to
judges residing in the city of New York is the
greater expense of living in that city as com-
pared with the expense throughout the State,
it being impossible in fact for a man to live in
that city upon the salary received by judges in
the rural districts. Why, sir, the polico judges
in the city of New York receive $6,000. The
district attorney of the very court now under
consideration is paid by act of Congress $6,000,
and he receives in addition fees amounting to
more than his salary. The deputy clerk of
that court receives under the law of Congress
$5,000; yet we propose that the man upon
whom the great responsibility of the court falls,
who decides questions of the weight and magni-
tude of those referred to by thegentleman from
Massachusetts, shall continue to be outranked
in compensation by the deputy clerk, who
merely keeps the records of the court and as-
sumes no responsibility whatever. I say it is
a public wrong to ask a man to discharge the
duties performed by Judges Benedict and
Blatchford for a salary of §4,500. My friend
from Vermont [Mr. Polaxd] has spoken about
the adjustment and equalization of these sala-
ries. Let me tell him that by the adjustment
of which he speaks the salaries of these judges
in the city of New York were advanced the
magnificent sum of $250. In gold times the
salary was $3,750; and under this equaliza-
tion the addition made to compensate for the
changed condition of affairs in these latter days
was $250.
Mr. POLAND. Was it not $760?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; $250 was the only
increase made in the salaries of these jndges.
I say it is a shame and a disgrace to ask them
to perform their onerous duties for the Salary
they now receive.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BU TLBR, of Massachusetts. I rise for
the purpose of making a motion with a view
to closing debate.
Mr. CL!, IjO.M. Before that is done I would
like to say a word. The judge in my district
now gets $3,500 a year. Since this salary was
fixed there has been imposed on him an addi-
tional duty, the holding of a court at stated
periods at a place three hundred miles away
from the town where he resides and where his
ordinary court duties are performed. I think
it would be but ju^t to grant him a small addi-
tional compensation. 1 would like to offer an
amendment for that purpose.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. If debate
is in order I would like to pass.a eulogy on
the judge in my district. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Masachusetts [Mr. Butler] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iyieldfor
a moment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Chairman, I cheerfully
assent to the proposition made by the gentle-
man from New York. [Mr Churchill;] but I
would like to have it amended or modified so
as to include the judge of the district court for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say in reply to my friend from New York,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] on the other side ofthe House,
that the proper way to estimate these salaries
is to estimate them by the amount of business
done in the respective courts. In the eastern
district of Pennsylvania the official duties of
the judge occupy his whole time. I do not
know whether he hears eight hundred cases in
a term, but I do know that from the beginning
to the end of the year that court is open and
that judge is performing his duties. He is as
much entitled to $6,000 a year as the judge
holding the United States district court in the
city of New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to close debate. After that is done gen-
tlemen can move as many amendments as they
choose.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. PILE. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will withdraw that motion.
Mr. PILE. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose that by unanimous consent debate shall
be closed on this paragraph.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. PILE. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Cullom's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I accept the substitute
of my colleague [Mr. Pojieroy] as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
Mr. JUDD. I move to amend by inserting
the northern district of Illinois.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend by includ-
ing the district of Massachusetts, the eastern
district of Pennsylvania, the district of Mary-
land, the northern district of Illinois, the south-
ern district of Ohio, and the district of Mis-
souri.
Mr. MILLER. Include also the western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania.
Mr. POLAND. I will include that also.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a point of order.
We cannot establish in an appropriation bill
the salary of an officer not in the Departments
of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Such have been the previous
rulings.
Mr. POLAND. I will also inchide the dis-
trict of Indiana. There is just as much reason
for raising the salary of all tbe fudges in the
districts 1 have included in my amendment as
