1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the salary of the judges of New York. The judge
in every one of those districts has to work hard
all the year, and I have never heard any charge
that they were not as honest as those in New
York or did not make as sound decisions. I
agree, in our present depreciated money con-
dition, they have a hard time to live, and so
we all have. I say that it is not fair to take up
one judge and say he is a hard-working man
and that we will raise his salary. These things
should be fixed by some rule. I know they
were all arranged under a law passed two years
ago, and that the salary of all the judges was
then raised except of those in California.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the gentleman to
include the southern district of Illinois.
Mr. POLAND. I am not so well advised
in relation to the southern district of Illinois.
In relation to the northern district of Illinois
we had evidence that the judge of that district,
at Chicago, works as hard as Judge Blatchford
or Judge Benedict, and he is an able and effi-
cient judge.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Include the western
district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. POLAND. I have already.
Mr. BECK. I move to include the district
judge of Kentucky, who does more work than
any judge named.
Mr. Beck's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CALLIS. I move to include the north-
ern district of Alabama.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Poland's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. Churchill's amendment was dis-
! to.
Mr. POLAND. I have an additional sec-
tion to this bill which I know will lead to de-
bate and to a division, and as we have no quo-
rum present I will move the amendment and
let it go over until to-morrow.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborers, or other per-
sons. male and female, now employed at "Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, at a salary fixed by law or
by regulations of a Department, in the State, Treas-
ury, War, Navy, Interior, Agricultural, and Post
Office Departments, including the Attorney Gen-
eral's office and city post office a ad the bureaus or
branches of the several Departments herein named,
who are paid at a rate not exceeding $2,500 per an-
num, shall be allowed an additional compensation
of ten per cent, on the amount of salary or pay
received or that shall be received by them respect-
ively during the past and present fiscal years; and
that the necessary amount to pay the same be, and
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to that as independent legislation altering the
salaries; and it has never gone to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. POLAND. This proposition increases
nobody's salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order upon the same ground that he
overruled that made by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I then
move that the committee rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as a new section.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. PERRISS. I offer as an amendment to
the amendment what, I send to the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
agree to accept the pending amendment and
have a vote taken in the House.
Mr. FERRISS. I object.
Mr. POLAND. Allow something to be said
upon it in the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no:
we cannot afford to spend the whole time.
Mr, POLAND. How much time will you
allow?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow you to print anything. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. I am not a printing man.
Mr. FERRISS. I offer the following as a
substitute for the pending amendment:
Sec. . And he it further enacted. That all such
clerks, ino.3sen?ors, w«itchmon, laborers and other
10th ('o\(j. Sess. --No. 98.
persons, male and female, a?have families dependent
upon them for support for which they respectively
provide, and who were in their present employment
at the close of the last fiscal year, and are now
employed at Washington, District of Columbia, at a
salary fixed bylaw or by regulations of a Depart-
ment, in the State, Treasury, War, Navy, Interior,
Agricultural, and Post Office Departments, including
the Attorney Greaeral'soffice and city post office, and
the bureaus or branches of the several Departments
herein named, and who are paid at a rate not exceed-
ing §2,000 per annum, shall be allowed an additional
compensation of ten per cent, on the amount of sal-
ary or pay received, orthatshallbe received by them
respectively during tho past and present fiscal year,
and that the necessary amount to pay the same be,
and is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. O'NEILL. Will the gentleman accept
an amendment to his substitute providing for
the clerks and employes of the city post offices
at Philadelphia and New York ?
Mr. STOVER. I raise the point of order
that this is new legislation, and is retroactive.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. STOVER. Of its being retroactive ?
The CHAIRMAN. Inasmuch as the same
point of order has been made two or three
times the Clerk will read the rule upon which
the decision is made.
The Clerk read as follows:
"But it was also decided that the latter branch of
the rule not only permitted amendments increasing
the salary, but was framed for that very purpose."
^ Mr. MYERS. I ask the gentleman from
New York to accept an amendment to regulate
the pay of employes of the Printing Office.
Mr. FERRISS. This has been gotten up to
meet all possible objections that can be made
to the proposition, and I therefore do not feel
at liberty to accept the amendment. This sub-
ject has been before this House a«number of
times, and while we have increased the salary
of the House employes twenty per cent, and
have continued it, we have refused to allow
any increase to the pay of the clerks in the
different Departments. Now, in all the discus-
sion I have heard on this question it has been
very generally admitted that there are some
clerks and employes who ought to have the
additional percentage, but to find out who
they are has been a difficult question. It seems
to me that the amendment which I propose
meets that difficulty as nearly as it is possible
to meet it. It proposes to give ten per cent,
additional to such employes as have families
who are dependent upon them for support.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to move that the committee rise to close
debate, unless it is closed by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me 
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. POLAND. I object.
Mr. CALLIS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to have it read.
The Clerk read the amendment offered by
Mr. Callis, as follows:
That the sum of $2,000 be appropriated out nf any ,
money in the Tieasury to pay the salary of Rev. I
Petroleum. V. Nasby, postmaster at Confederate Cross
Roads.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
on the motion that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose: and the
Speakerhavingresumedthechair, Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration House
bill No. 1073, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1870, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order all debate on the pending proposition
shall be closed in one minute after the consid-
eration of the same shall have been resumed.
Mr. POLAND. I hope not.
Mr. HARDING (at eleven o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. I do not myself desire to
debate the proposition pending in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, but
there are one or two gentlemen who desire to
say something upon the question, and I hope
debate will not be entirely cut off. I hope the
gentlemen will allow fifteen or tweuty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
modify my motion so as to allow five minutes.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot agree to that
limitation.
Mr. Butler's motion, as modified, was
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the legislative appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill
No. 1673, making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question
was on the substitute proposed by Mr. Ferriss
for the amendment offered by Mr. Poland.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say that I have
always voted for this proposition to increase
the pay of the clerks in the Treasury and other
Departments heretofore, and I should probably
have done so again if it had not been for in-
formation which has been given to me recently
in reference to the clerks in the Departments.
One of the chief clerks in the Treasury De-
partment told me night before last that of
seventy-five clerks discharged eighteen of them
from his bureau were discharged because there
was no work for them to do and no place for
them to work, and because of general worth-
lessness besides. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury sent them back ; the head of the bureau
refused to receive them ; and the Secretary
then sent them to the Third Auditor, with an
order that he should receive them. Now, for
that reason, as there is such a superabundance
of clerks here, I propose to reduce the force
first, and then if there is a necessity to increase
the pay we can do it.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Poland's
amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words '' city post
office" the words "the clerks, carriers, and
employes, male and female, of the Philadelphia
post office."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question was put on Mr. Poland's
amendment; and there were—ayes 27, noes 52 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Poland and
Mr. Buti.er, of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 36, noes 48.
Several Membkks. " Giveitup !" and "No
further count is insisted on !"
The tellers resumed their seats; and the
Chairman announced that the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to offer an amend-
ment. I move to add to the bill what I send
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. POLAND. Do I understand the Chair
to have decided my amendment lost? Is the
questiou settled?
The CHAIRMAN. It is; because the tell-
ers left their places on the announcement that
a further couut was not insisted on, and the
Chair then announced that the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POLAND. The tellers reported tha
