1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
801
■ GOVJSttNMJSN'l'S OF VIRGINIA AND 'IBXAS.
• Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise for
the purpose of moving to go into Committee
of the Wholeon the state of the Union oii'the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH.- Before ;the gentle-
man does that I ask him to let me nlove to, take
from the Speaker's table the amendments, of
the Senate to the amendment of tlie House to
the joint .resolution 'itf regiird to the States of
Virginia and Texas with reference to putting
loyal "men in' 'office. There are some.smStll
amendments,one of tfhich makes the pro-
visions of the resolution apply to Mississippi
also. We can concur in them in one minute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
if it will not take time.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, by
unanimous consent, the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 173) respecting the provisional govern-
ments of Virginia and Texas, with the Amend-
ments of the Senate to the amendment of the
House thereto, was taken from the Speaker's
table ; and the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in, as follows:
In line two strike out tjio word "act" and insert
"resolution."
In line eleveti strike out" act" and insert " reso-
lution." ,
At the et^d of the amendment of the House insort
the following:
And itisfurther provided that this resolution shall
be,, and is hereby, extended to and made applicable
to tho State of Slississippi.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
tlie votes by which the amendments were con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move that the rulesbe suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson", of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the-bill (H. R. No. 1788)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1870.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill for amendment.
The following paragraphs were read:
Poneas:
For the sixth of ten installments of the Second
series, "to bo paid to them or expended for their
benefit," per second article treaty 12th March, 1S58,
$10,000.
For this amount, to be expended during the pleas-
ure of the President in furnishing suoh aid and as-
sistance in a^ncultural&nd mechanical pursuits pro-
vided for in the first part of the second article of
treaty of March 12, 1858, as the Secretary of the
Interior may consider advantageous and necessary,
$7,500.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I move to add to the last
of these paragraphs, "and for the purpose
of paying the blood money due said tribe,
under their treaty with the United States, which
amount has been applied for other purposes,
contrary to the terms of said treaty, $10,000."
By the terms of the treaty made between the
Government of the United States and the Pon-
cas, on the 12 th of March, 1858, it was provided
that the United States should protect the Pon-
oas in the possession of the tract of land reserved
for their future home, and their persons and
property thereon duringgood behavior on their
part. The troops of the United States violated
that treaty, ana committed depredations upon
the property of the Poncas, and murdered some
of them. They complained to the Government
of this violation of the treaty on the part of the
Federal Government. A commission was sent
out there to investigate the matter, and reported
that the complaints of the Indians were well
founded.
By the supplemental treaty of March 10,
18G5, the Government of the United States, in
compliance with tho first paragraph' of the sce-
40th Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 51.
ond article of the treaty of Mareh 12, 1858, stip-
ulated and agreed to pay to the Ponca tribe of
Indians for indemnity for spoliation committed
upon them, satisfactory evidence of which bad
been lodged in the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and payment recommended
by that officer-, and also by the Secretary of the
Interior, the sum of $15,080.
-Now, I have to-say that,although that amount
of money was set apart under that subsequent
treaty, and has been appropriated by Congress,
the Indians have never received it, and they
.complain to-day that the Governmenthas failed
to fulfill its treaty stipulations by paying over
that money. Hence I have offered this amend-
ment, and I hope it will be favorably considered
by the committee and that the amount will he
appropriated here. It is simply for the purpose
of paying these Indians what absolutely belongs
to them under tho treaty. They have always
been loyal 5 they have never violated their
treaty, and there is no reason why the Gov-
ernment of the United States should not dis-
charge its duty toward them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
was no estimate made for this money, for the
reason that it now stands as a claim against the
•United States, as I understand it, and should
go to the Committee of Claims or to the Court
of Claims., If I understand the gentleman from
Dakota, [Mr. Burleigh,] he means to say to
this committee that we once appropriated the
money to fulfill this treaty, but unfortunately
there has been some misappropriation of that
money. It is, therefore, a mere claim against
the Government, and until it is passed upon it
cannot properly come in here.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to say-  '
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.)
Debate upon the pending amendment has been
exhausted. No further debate upon that amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. PAINE. In order to give tho gentle-
man from Dakota [Mr. Burleigh] an oppor-
tunity to be heard, I move'to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. And now
I yield to the gentleman from Dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH. In reply to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] I would
say that it is hardly to be expected that any
Department of this Government which misap-
plies money designed by Congress for a special
purpose will come in here with an estimate to
replace it. I state what I know, that these
Indians are entitled to this mouey. I have in-
troduced this amendment hoping that Congress
will not require these Indians to go to the
Court of Claims for what is now their due. I
ask if those Indians are in the right and the
Government in the wrong that you will not
put. them to any further trouble to get that to
which they are now entitled.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
simply to say that while'it may be true, as the
gent.I'-m.au from Dakota [Mr. Burleigh] states,
that the Indians may have a good claim, that
is a matter which we cannot investigate on the
floor of this House. We have already once
appropriated this money. If it has been mis-
applied there are two remedies open to the
Indians—ei ther to go before the Court of Claims
or before the Committee of Claims and have it
investigated. It certainly does not come up
on this bill legitimately at this time.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Why should not all the
Indians be required to go before the Court of
Claims?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is
now in order.
Mr. PAINE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Burleigh; and being taken, upon a
division there were—ayes 21, noes 29; 110
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butlek, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Niblack were ap-
pointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 48, noes 68.
. So the amendment was not agreed to. -
The'Clerk ressmed the rfeading of the bill,
and read-the following Clause: •
Pot.tawatoriiies:
For life aimaity to chiefs, per* third article treaty
26th September, 1S33, '$700: Provided., Satisfactory
ovidenoe shall be shown to the Secretary of tho Inte-
rior that thV ehief or oMefs' provided for by said
articles are still living.1 '
Mr. MULLINS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the--Words "are
etill living" and inserting thfe words " have died
since the treaty was established with them
and on this amendment I propose to ventilate
my ideas a little in regard tp these Indian
tribes.
These Indians were found here when we
found this country. And, if we look at the
try. They received our people upon their
shores. They divided with the white man fairly
and literally, iti their savage manner and light,
and as best they understood what was right
between themselves and the Great Spirit. Our
fathers imposed upon them in every way, and
their sons have faithfully followed their ex-
ample. They are as men who have been placed
upon a log; one after another has been crowded
off until now one hangs there with a single soli-
tary hand, while the white man's ax is raised
to cut it asunder and let the Indian drop into
nonentity. He is a mark of the highest display
of the Creator's wisdom. ' In his eternal woods
is now seen the light of civilization. His home
is the home of the world.
Where, sir, have you eVe? fomid -an Indian
in his wild, savage state who wasdisposed to
take a man's life for the sake of human blood?
Still you are crowding him to death by the
Army and butchering him on his own hunting
grounds. But what are we doing with otir own
civilized white people—those who come up,
murder, and set our houses on fire by night?
If we dare to try them by military courts what
do we see? You send out investigating com-
mittees. The result is that nobody is punished
for murdering our citizens and burning our
houses. This is the treatment we give to civ-
ilized white men who perpetrate these atrocious
outrages. When it comes to the Indian we are
merciless. He has no rights that we seem in-
clined to respect, not even the right to life.
We do not seem to at all recognize his right to
any land upon this continent. Y'et, sir,1 in his
hands was the original right of domain. You
are taking from him all the lands he has left by
piecemeal. Sometimes you take hundreds of
thousands of acres from him at once. He is
ruthlessly driven off from the homes of his
ancestors. Let us put a stop to all this. Let
us treat him as the white man is treated. The
great Republican party of the United States has
stricken off the fetters which boflnd the black
man kt captivity and slavery. We have declared
that there shall not be a slave upon the Ameri-
oan continent. This is carrying out true re-
publican principles. The same principles have
waked up the continents of Europe and Asia.
Even Africa is holding out her hands like
mighty waters. [Langhter.] I say let us all
go up to Macedonia. Why, when all are treated
alike, should the Indians not be-included? W®
have made treaties with the Indians, and if
those treaties are carried out in good faith we
shall have 110 more Wars or difficulty with
them. The tree of liberty spreads its sheltering
branches for all—for the Indian as well as any
other. I say let us alt be jolly under it with
the Republican party. [Langhter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
insist upon his amendment?
Mr. MULLINS. I withdraw my amendment.
The Olerk read as follows.
For third of five installments, being twenty-five
dollars for each lodge or family located on lands for
agricultural purposes, (one hundred and fitteen
lodges,) to be expended in agricultural implements
and for improvements, per fifth article of treaty of
October 20,1865, for the fiscal year onding June 30,
1868, $2,875.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.^ I move
to strike out the words '' for the fiscal year
