1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The second section provides that in adjust-
ing the weight of the coins provided by this
act there shall be no greater deviation allowed
than throe grains for the cent piece and four
grains for the other pieces ; and the materials
for the said coins shall bo purchased by the
Director of the Mint in like manner as other
materials for the use of the Mint are pur-
chased ; and in manufacturing the coins and
accounting for the same and for materials
used the same duties and responsibilities shall
devolve upon the respective officers of the
Mint as are now required by law.
The third section provides that the same
legal penalties as are provided by act of May
16, 1868, in relation to the coinage of five-cent
pieces shall be in force for counterfeiting any
of the coins provided for by this act or know-
ingly issuing or passing any such counterfeit
coins.
The fourth section enacts that any of the
coins provided for by this act shall be a legal
tender, except for duties on imports, to the
amount of one dollar in any one payment, and
no more.
The fifth section provides that the treasurer
of the Mint (or branch mint) shall keep and
render an account of the profits arising from
the coinage provided for by this act; that is
to say, the difference between the cost of the
metal, the necessary labor and machinery, with
the expenses of distribution of the coins, on
the one hand, and the amount received for
such coins on the other; and these profits
shall, from time to time, be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
The sixth section enacts that the coins pro-
vided for by this act shall be procured and
distributed in like manner as is now provided
by law in regard to pieces of bronze or nickel-
copper.
Mr. KELLEY. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move to amend by adding two new
sections providing for the redemption of these
and other token coins by the Government.
The amendment is to add the following:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That it may be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem,
under such regulations as he may deem proper, the
one and two cent coins heretofore issued with any
of the coins authorized to be issued by this act.
Skc. 8. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful tor the Treasurer and the several Assistant
Treasurers of the United States to redeem in national
currency, in sums not less than fifty dollars, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the coins herein au-
thorized to be issued, and also the one, two, three,
and five cent coins heretofore issued by the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, I propose to call the previous
question on the bill, and then answer any ques-
tions that any gentleman may desire to put
to me.
Mr. ALLISON. Before the gentleman calls
the previous question I suggest that he modify
the language of section eight, which he has
just offered as an amendment, by striking out
the words " national currency" and inserting
" United States notes."
Mr. IvELLEY. I amnot tenacious in regard
to the language of the bill, and I will modify
the amendment by making the change the gen-
tleman suggests.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to inquire of
my colleague [Mr. Kelley] whether this bill
contains any provision making these small
coins a legal tender in the payment of debts?
Mr. KELLEY". They are made a legal
tender for sums of one dollar or less in any
one payment, except for duties on imports.
Mr. WOODWARD, t had proposed to sup-
port the gentleman's bill, for I like this little
currency very much ; but if these coins are to
be made a legal tender I cannot vote for the
measure, for I doubt the right of Congress to
make anything else than gold and silver a legal
tender.
Mr. KELLEY. This bill proposes to make
them a legal tender for one dollar or less in any
payment for anything except duties on foreign
imports.
Mr. WOODWARD. That involves a prin-
ciple which is objectionable. I do not see
much importance in that part of the bill, and
I hope the gentleman will agree to strike it out.
Mr. KELLEY. I cannot. I am now rep-
resenting the committee. If the gentleman
will hear, me for a moment he will see there is
no necessity for it.
Under the operation of this bill there will
be no silver coin of less than three cents. In
looking at the general question of coinage, I
may be permitted to say on behalf of the com-
mittee that it is probable, when specie pay-
ments are resumed, the present quarter of a
dollar and ten cent piece may both yield to a
twenty cent piece which is decimal with our
large coin of twenty dollars. Fractions under
ten cents and may be under twenty cents can
only he settled by token coinage.
Looking to the constitutional question, our
Government has hitherto issued token coins
but has refused to redeem them, so that parties
might hold by hundreds and thousands of dol-
lars' worth and there was no redemption for
them. We have made this coin redeemable by
the Government through many of its appointed
agents, so as to save as near as may be the con-
scientious scruples of others, although the mem-
bers of the committee recognize no constitu-
tional difficulty in the way.
Mr. PILE. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me to offer an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And said materials shall be, so far as practicable,
of domestic production.
Mr. KELLEY. That amendment was under
consideration by the committee, but was not
embodied by it in the bill. I personally would
not have any objection to it.
Mr. DICKEY. Allow it to be offered.
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection to have
it submitted to the sense of the House. Nickel,
like copper, is found in perhaps one half of
the States of the Union.
Mr. DICKEY. Does the gentleman allow
it to be offered?
Mr. KELLEY. I do.
Mr. PILE. This nickel is widely diffused in
nine or ten States of the Union. Large amounts
are produced in several States, especially in my
own State. In the southeastern part of Mis-
souri there is a large nickel deposit. One hun-
dred and twenty to one hundred and twenty-
five hands are employed. The company work-
ing that mine expects largely to extend its
operations in the coming summer. All I desire
is to give the domestic production the prefer-
ence under this bill as far as practicable con-
sistent with the interests of the United States.
I want preference to be given by the Govern-
ment to metals produced by our own industry
and labor.
Mr. KELLEY. I will now yield to my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. FERRISS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
original draft of the bill sent to the committee
contained the provision of this amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri. We had it under
consideration, and the committee came ta the
conclusion that it was useless, inefficient legis-
lation. I will go as far as the gentleman from
Missouri or any other gentleman upon this floor
to protect our home industry, to protect the
manufactures of our own country. "So far
as practicable" is a phrase that we objected to,
and struck it out. It will amount practically
to nothing at ail. That was the opinion of the
committee, and for that reason it was stricken
out.
Mr. PILE. If the gentleman will suggest a
better phrase I will accept it.
Mr. WOOD. This is an important question,
and we desire to know what is being discussed.
Mr. PILE. I wish to say in answer to the
gentleman from New York I think his objection
to the phrase "as far as practicable" is not
well taken. The officers of the Mint will under-
stand that in the selection of metal out of which
these coins are to be manufactured preference
is to be given to that produced in this country
if it can be obtained in sufficient quantities. I
do not desire to tie up the authorities of the
Mint absolutely to the purchase of the hem,®
products, because if we do that the producers
of nickel might raise the price and thus subject
the Government to loss. But if we simply
require the Government to give preference
where it is practicable to do so we will avoid
any such result.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest to the gentleman whether he should not
modify his amendment by inserting the words
" at equal price." It seems to me the Gov1
ernment should not be at the disadvantage of
having the price put up by being obliged to use
only the native material.
Mr. PILE. I do not think the amendment
would put the Government to that disadvan-
tage, and I should dislike to confine it abso-
lutely to the same price, because the policy of
the Government I understand to be that even
if it should cost a very little more preference
should be given to the native product. We
recognize that principle in the whole subject
of the tariff. Now, if all should be required
to buy the home product at precisely the same
price as the foreign product there would be no
protection. But if the Government can get
the product at approximately the same price,
so that the difference is not material, by giving
the preference to the home product the Gov-
ernment would stimulate the development of
that branch of industry, and iu the end would
benefit the country.
Mr. KELLEY. I will say to the House that
the profit the Government will derive in this
matter cannot be less than $10,000,000. From
the production of token coins during the last
year the resulting profit was $1,P>00,000. and
all the coins were made at the Philadelphia
Mint There is a growing demand for these
small coins.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would inquire of the
gentleman, my attention not having been drawn
to the reading of all parts of the bill, if there is
any limit to the amount of coinage in this bill?
Mr. KELLEY. Hitherto there has been no
limit, and such coins have been irredeemable.
This bill limits it by making them redeemable
by the Government, and providing for their
redemption at the Treasury ; so that it cannot
be the interest of the Government hereafter to
emit more than are actually needed. If it does
they will come home to rest in its own vaults.
Mr. McCORMICK. It occurs to me that if
we adopt the amendment requiring the Gov-
ernment to use no other nickel than that pro-
duced in the United States, the result will be
that the metal will cost many thousand dollars
more than it otherwise would.
Mr. PILE. My amendment does not require
absolutely that the Government should pur-
chase the home product. The amendment is:
And the said material shall be, so far as practi-
cable, of domestic production.
Mr. KELLEY I will now call the previous
question ; but will first yield to my colleague
to offer his amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to strike out
the fourth section, as follows:
That any of the coins provided forbv this act shal
be a legal tender, except for duties on imports, to tho
amount of one dollar in any one payment, and no
more.
This is a small matter, I agree; but it involves
a principle which is important. I do not un-
derstand my colleague to object to the amend-
ment on other grounds than that the committee
have reported the bill containing the provision.
I wish to support the bill because I believe jt
is a good one, and I will do so very heartily if
he will accept this amendment; but if the fourth
section is retained I shall be obliged to vote
against it, because the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States forbids us to make anything but gold
and silver a legal tender in the payment of
debts. That is my difficulty.
Mr. KELLEY. If the fourth section should
be stricken out it would leave the settlement of
balances among the masses of the people where
petty suits are broughtfor the purpose of harass-
ment very difficult, because the legal tender for
small amounts could not be produced in gold
