306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr„. SC£LENGK. We have borne in mind,
in including here the word ''religious," thatit
is by no means an uncommon thing at fairs
bteld for the purpose of establishing missions
or building churches to have raffles or lotte-
ries. I do not undertake to say whether good,
pious people can reconcile that to their, Con-
sciences or not ; the fact is that in some way
they do so. And as I suppose morals and
religion go together, if these raffles can be held
for charitable and benevolent purposes they
might as weir be held for religious purposes ;
for I suppose that charity, benevolence, and
all goodness ought to be included in Religion,
just as religion gives us its out-croppirigs in
the-, shape of these virtues. However that may
be, the object was not to charge as lotteries
tliose raffles, casting of lots, or drawings which
are intended for any of these objects.
Mr. ftfAYNARD. No particular religion is
specified.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; there is no attempt
to distinguish between religions; it is left open
equally to the Jew and the Christian, the
Methodist and the Mahomedan.
" The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Holm an ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 6, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment rather than to press it to a vote and break
up the committee for want of a quorum.
No further amendment was offered,
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 122. And be it further enacted, That the mana-
ger or managers of any lottery shall give bond in the
sum of $100,000, with live or more sureties, to bo ap-
proved by the Commissioner of Internal Rovenue,
and executed in iorm and manner as provided in
this act, conditioned that ho or they will pay the tax
imposed by law upon the grossreceipts of his or their
business, and that he or thoy will not sell or furnish
for salo to any person who has not paid the special
tax as ft doalcr in lottery tickets any lottery ticket
or fractional part of a lottery ticket, or supplement-
ary lottery ticket, or any token, certificate, or device
representing or intended to represent such tickct or
supplementary tickct or fractional part of a ticket,
or any policy or combination of numbers in any lot-
tery, or the evidence in any form of any chance or
interest in the drawing of any lottery, without the
same having beon stamped according to law; and
until such bond shall be filed with the Commissioner
of Internal Rovepue.no lottery manager shall be per-
mitted to draw any lottery or furnish for any lottery-
ticket dealer the bond required to bo given by him
for buuh dealor. And any lottery manager who shall
draw a lottery, or who shall furnish a bond for any
dealer in lottery tickets, withoathaving first executed
and tiled with the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
his bond as a lottery manager, or who shall sell or
lumish tor sale any lottery ticket, or fractional part
of a lottery ticket, or supplementary lottery ticket,
or any policy,combination of numbers, token, certifi-
cate, or device, representing: any such tickct, frac-
tional part of .a ticket, or supplementary ticket, or
the evidence in any form of any chance or interest
in tlio drawing of auy lottery to any porson who has
not paid the special tax as a dealer in lottery tickets,
shall be liable to a penalty of $10,000, and shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on con-
viction, bo fined not le^s than $1,000 nor more than
#10,000, and imprisoned not less than one year nor
more than five years. It shall be tho duty of all
managers of lotteries and their agents to keep, or
cause to be kept, true and correct books of account,
wherein all their transactions shall be plainly and
legibly set forth, which books of account shall, at all
timer?, bo subject to tho inspection of th« assessor,
asftiitlant assessor, collector ordepnty collector of tho
proper district; and any manager, or his agent, who
shall neglect to keep such books, or who shall refuse
to allow their inspection, as aforesaid, shall pay a
penalty of $l,00i for every such offense, and on con-
viction, be fined not less than $3,000, and imprisoned
not less than six months nor more than three years.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Skc. 1U3. And be it further enacted. That no person
applying to become a dealer in lottery tickets, and
paying a special tax therefor, shall have issued to
Mm a receipt for such special tax until he shall have
also given to the assessor of the district in which he
proposes to carry on his business the duly executed
bond of the manager or managers of the lottery in
the tickets or numbers of which he proposes to deal,
conditioned, in the sum of $1,000, that he will com-
ply with all the requirements of law pertaining to
such business; and if such applicant proposes to deal
in t he tickets or numbersof more than one lottery he
sbail furnish to such assessor the separate bond of
the managers of each different lottery in the tickets
ornunibeisof which he proposes to deal; and such
hoods shall in each case be approved by the assessor
oi tue proper district, and executed in form and man-
ner as prescribed in this acf. If any person shall
ensapre or be concerned in the business of a dealer
m lottery tickets without having first paid the spe-
cialty and given bond.as above required be shall
bo held guuty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
shall-be fined not less than $1,000 nor-more than
$5,000, and imprisoned not less than one, year nor
more than three years. And any assessor, assistant
assessor, collector, or deputy collector, who shall be
informed of any person so offending shall forthwith
make affidavit, stating the facts before a judge of
the^district or circuit court of theUnited States, or a
United States- commissioner, within whose jurisdic-
tion such offense has been committed, and such judge
or commissioner shall thereupon issuo a warrant to
such revenue officer, or to the marshal of the court,
ordering him to arrest the party so offending, and to
seize and close the office or other place where such
offender has carried on his business until he shall
pay the tax and furnish the bond required by law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend the last clause of this section by striking
oat the words ."seize and," and the words
" or other place ;n so that portion of the sec-
tion will read, and to close the,office where
such offender has carried on his business until
he shall pay the tax and famish the bond
required by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Ses. 124. And be it further enacted, That every lot-
tery ticket or fractional part of a lottery ticket, or
supplementary lottery ticket, or policy or combina-
tional" numbers, token, certificate, or device repre-
senting any such ticket, or fractional part of a ticket,
or supplementary ticket, or the evidence in any form
of any chance or interest in tho drawing of any lot-
tery, sold by any dealer in lottery tickets, shall be
legibly stamped with the name of the vendor and
the date of such sale under a penalty of $100, to be
paid by the vendor for every case of selling without
such previous stamping. And any person who shall
purchase, obtain, or receive from another any lottery
ticket, fractional partof a lottery ticket, supplement-
ary lottery ticket, policy or combination of numbers,
token, certificate, or device representing'any such
ticket, fractional part of a ticket, or supplementary
tickct, or the evidence in any form of a chance or
interest in the drawing of any lottery without the
same having been first stamped as above required,
or without the person selling, furnishing, or giving
the same having before that paid the special tax re-
quired from a dealor in lottery tickets, may recover
from such person from whom the same was so pur-
chased, obtained, or received at any time within
three years thereafter by suit in any circuit or dis-
trict court of theUnited States a judgment for a sum
equal to five times tho amount of money paid, or five
times the value of any article or property given or
exchanged therefor, with full costs of suit.
No amendmeut was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Public Amusements.
Sec. 125. And be it further enacted, That the owner
or lessee of any permanently located building used
for any exhibition, performance, show, or entertain-
ment whatsoever, except such as are hereinafter
specifically exempted, to which admission is given
for pay, shall be subject to and pay a tax of two per
cent, on the gross amount of all receipts dorived by
such owner or lessee from such exhibition, perform-
ance, show, or entertainment, and shall, in addition
thereto, before commencing any such exhibition,
performance, show, or entertainment, pas* to the col-
lector or a deputy collector of the district in which
said building is situated a further specific tax, as fol-
lows: for each exhibition given of any theatrical or
operaticreprcsentation, musical entertainment, feats
of horsemanship, acrobatic sports or sleight-of-hand
performance, whore tho ordinary or usual seating
capacity of the room or rooms used for such exhibi-
tion, performance, show, or entertainment will ac-
commodate not more than five hundred adult per-
sons, two dollars; exceeding tho seating capacity for
five hundred, and notmore than one thousand adult
persons, flvo dollars; exceeding the seating capacity
lor ome thousand, and not more than two thousand
adult persons, fifteen dollars; exceeding the seating
capacity for two thousand adult persons, twenty dol-
lars? and the collector shall issue receipts for such
tax, which receipt shall be in form to be prescribed-
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, andshall
bo serially numbered, and may be issued for more
than one performance, exhibition, show, or enter-
tainment, at the pleasure of the said owner or lessee;
and every such owner or lessee shall, on or before
the 10th day of each and every month, make a
return to the assessor or assistant assessor, under
oath or affirmation, stating the number of exhibi-
tions, performances, shows, and entertainments had
or given, during tho month next preceding, together .
with tho amount of tax paid and the serial numbers
of the collector's receipts therefor; and any person,
lessee, or owner who.shall give orpermit to be given
any such exhibition, performance, show, or enter-
tainment, without having paid the specific tax there-
for, as hereinbefore provided, shall be assessed double
the rates above prescribed, and such tax shall be a
lien upon the building in which such exhibitions,
performances, shows, or entertainments shall have
been had or given until the same is paid; and for any
attemp t knowingly to evade the payment of such tax
the said owner or lessee shall, on conviction, be fined
$1,000: Provided, Hhat school exhibitions, readings,
lectures, art exhibitions not moved from place to
place, agricultural or horticultural exhibitions or
fairs, exhibitions or fairs for the benefit of any be-
nevolent enterprise or sanitary, charitable, or reli-
gious association, and fairs and exhibitions of any
incorporated mechanical oi* scientific association,
shall be exempt from the provisions of this section.
Mr. SCHJBNCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend the clause of this section fixing the rate
of tax by making it "three per cent. 011 the
gross receipts'1 instead of two pei? cent., as it
now reads.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SCHENOK. I have also been instructed
bythe Committee of Ways and Means to move
to amend this Section by striking out all that
portion relating to the seating capacity of the
places where these exhibitions, &c., are held,
as follows: '
And shall, in addition thereto, before commencing
any such exhibition, performance, show, or enter-
tainment, pay to the collector or a deputy collector
of the district in which said building is situated a
further specific tax, as follows: for each exhibition
given of any theatrical or operatic representation,
musical entertainment, feats ofh,orsemanship, acro-
batic sports, or sleight-of-hand performance, where
the ordinary or usual seating capacity of theToom or
rooms used for such exhibition, performance, show,
or entertainment will accommodate not more than
five hundred adult persons, two dollars; exceeding
the seating capacity for five hundred, and not more
than one thousand adult persons, five dollars; ex-
ceeding the seating capacity for one thousand, and
not more than two thousand adult persons, fifteen
dollars; exceeding the seating capacity for two
thousand adult persons, twenty dollars; and the
collector shall issue receipts for such tax, which re-
ceipt shall be in form to be prescribed by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and shall be serially
numbered, and may be issued for more than one per-
formance, exhibition, show, or entertainment, at tho
pleasure of the said owner or lessee; and every such
owfier or lessee shall, on or before the 10th day of
each aad every month, make a return to the assessor
or assistant assessor, under oath or affirmation, stat-
ing the number of exhibitions, performances, shows,
and entertainments had or given during the month
next preceding, together with the amount of tax
paid and the serial numbers of the collector's receipts
therefor; and any person, lessee, or ownerwho shall
give or permit to bo given any such exhibition, per-
formance, show, or entertainment, without having
paid the specific tax therefor as hereinbefore pro-
vided, shall be assessed double the rates above pre-
scribed, and such tax shall be a lien upon-the build-
ing in which such exhibitions, performances, shows,
or entertainments shall have been had or given un-
til the same is paid; and for any attempt, know-
ingly, to evade the payment of such tax, the said
owner or lessee shall, on conviction, be fined $1,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to move to amend
by striking out "horticultural or agricultural
fairs or exhibitions."
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee spent a
great deal of time upon this subject of public
amusements. Findingthatwewerc not deriving
the revenue from that source which we ought,
especially in the large cities, we devised this
system of imposing a tax according to the seat-
ing capacity of the various places of public
amusements. But after having before us vari-
ous persons interested in the subject, and after
examining and investigating the matter, we
became satisfied, after the bill was reported,
that it would be impracticable to enforce any
such system.^ We therefore prefer to increase
the income from the total receipts to three per
cent., and to strike out all that relates to the
machinery of this section. If the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Phelps] will permit the
amendment to be acted upon which I have
offered, then he can afterward move the
amendment which he has indicated. His
amendment does not relate to the part which
it is proposed to strike out, but to the proviso,
which is preserved in the section. And while
I am up,,however, and before the gentleman
moves bis amendment, I will simply call his
attention to the fact that this proviso covers
everything which, perhaps, ought to be exempt.
It exempts " school exhibitions, readings, lec-
tures, art exhibitions, not moved from place
to place that is, not carried about the coun-
try for gain. It exempts all agricultural or
horticultural exhibitions or fairs. That will
be appreciated by people, in the interior of the
country at least, as exempting from taxation
a class of fairs and exhibitions that are in-
tended for public benefit.
Mr. PHELPS. It appears to me that the
words " for the benefit of any benevolent enter-
prise or sanitary, charitable, or religious asso-
ciation" qualify the phrase " agricultural or
horticultural exhibitions or fairs."
