1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in withdrawing our representation from these
Central and South American republics at this
moment, when the whole of Europe is strug-
gling to get control of these keys of the com-
merce of the world. If such withdrawal should
tie agreed to by the House upon full consider-
ation of the question, I should have nothing
to say; but I desire that when we determine
upon such a step we shall consider our relations
with Europe and with Asia as well as with
the South American and Central American
republics.
I understand that the amendment reported
by the majority of the conference committee
0 f the two Houses does substantially that which
J have stated. I think this amendment must
be contrary to the judgment of the House. I
hope the report will not be agreed to. Let the
subject go to another conference committee,
from which it may obtain certainly more time
for consideration, and perhaps a wiser and
better judgment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pray,
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen of the House will ob-
serve that this debate has been forced upon the
House by no motion of mine. It is a matter
of considerable importance, and I wish to
divest it, in the first place, of some of the bias
and prejudice which have been exerted against
it outside of this House.
In the first place, the question as it comes to
ns is, do we need or want representation in
Central and South America? Then, if we do
need any, how much do we need? The gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat insists that
we want every little State in Central and South
America to have a minister resident or a minis-
ter plenipotentiary. Now, sir, that is the ques-
tion now before us; and in order that the House
may exactly understand it let me state how it is.
We have now ministers resident at San Salvador,
Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala, and Costa
liica, in Central Ameiiea. We have ministers
resident there. I will call the attention of the
House to a much better authority than mine.
1 ask the Clerk to read a letter I have received
from Mr. Squier, the American traveler and
once minister resident in South or Central
America. He was therefor many years and
•tells us what is wanted.
The Clerk read as follows:
135 Bast Thirty-Ninth Street,
New York, January 7,1869.
Dear Sir: As one who has seen some service in
whatiscalled "diplomacy," (a remnant of the fossil
period,) I am obliged to you for making an earnest
effort to abolish a number of useless missions out
of which we get much trouble at a round rate of cost.
When I went out to Central America under Geneial
Taylorl had all the five petty republicson myhands,
at thepay of charge, $4,509 ayear, and at a time when
there was something really to be done there. It\va3
when the British were intriguing to get control of
thelsthmus and theNicaraguan transit; while they
were building up their celebrated "Mosquito king-
dom," seizing islands, &c. Then one had to travel
from one State to another on muleback at great
trouble and expense; yet I think the wholebusiness
we had in the country was as well done as what we
now have there at a ' £>37.500 a year.
I see that ynuh.tyo ieftOuatemala as an independ-
ent mission, lor which, it appears to me, there is no
^rood leason. Oiu interests there are nest to noth-
ing, and the trip from Nicaragua can bo made in two
days m ease of need.
I was lately in South America. Peru, Bolivia, &c.
The Ecuadorian and Bolivian missions are broad
farces. They are kept up only to give patronage to
theState Department.
I take the liberty of sending to you a copy of a
letter which I addressed some time ago to Senator I
Patterson, and also an article of my own relating to 1
this subject, in which you will find your views sub-
stantially indorsed. Should your remarks of yester-
day in making the motion you did be printed in
lull may I ask you to send me a copy ?
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. GEORGE SQUIER.
General Butler.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That let-
ter came to me voluntarily. lie had seen what
I had proposed and what had been the action
of the House sanctioning it. I have another
voucher. The last minister we had at Bolivia
was the present chief justice of the District of
Columbia. He was sent out there under Mr.
Lincoln, and remained there two years. He
felt ho could not stay there any longer, to use
his own words, receiving a salary which he
neither earned nor enjoyed. His last commu-
nication to the State Department was in these
words:
" It is difficult to state any reason why there should
be a minister to this Government."
Mr. Speaker, I want to tell the House a bit
of history in reference to the creation Of this
Chilian mission that we are told is of such im-
portance. Let me tell the House how it came
to be put in operation, and I speak whereof I
know. In 1849, about daylight in the morn-
ing on the 4th of March, the House and the
Senate sitting until seven o'clock, there was a
man from Indiana, Mr. Hannegan, in the Sen-
ate who had an unfortunate habit, and as his
term was out he had to be taken care of by the
outgoing Administration, whereupon a bargain
was made that he should be sent in for the
Berlin mission, provided the dominant party
would give the Chilian mission to the incoming
Administration. The appropriation bill of that
year I hold in my hand, and you will find by
looking at it that that mission was put on. It
was created that a position might be given to
a certain Senator at the other end of the Capi-
tol. That was the beginning of it, and yet it
has continued from that day to this. We have
had a minister there ever since at $10,000 per
annum.
Now, let us come to the Venezuela mission.
We have a minister there, and yet when any
business was to be done there we had to send
down a man who could talk the language. We
had them there at an extra expense and they
had nothing to do, and the moment they had
something to do a special commissioner had to
be sent to make a treaty. And yet we are talk-
ing about the great necessity of these men there.
We had a minister at Venezuela. Why did not
he negotiate the treaty? Why did it require a
man to be sent down there who knew enough to
speak the language? What is the use of these
men? They are isolated, most of them, from
the people ; they can neither write nor speak
the language. They know neither the country
nor the language. They have nothing to do
except to take their salaries and spend them.
Now, before I pass to the question of Chili
and Pern, I want to relieve this question of the
argument to prejudice that has been made
against it outside of this House. Gentlemen
will do me the favor to remember that a year
ago I moved in this direction and failed on a
point of order. So when I brought it up at
this time—of course a man can never find a
good motive in the mind of another when he
has none in his own—I was immediately as-
sailed on the ground that I made the whole
movement in order to get rid of an unfit man
as minister at Chili. That would have been a
good motive enough, but in order to take away
all prejudice I agreed to the suggestion of the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate. They said to me this: '' Chili has
$30,000,000 of commerce, Peru has $16,000,-
000; so you ought to change it from Chili to
Peru. Send your commissioner to Peru and
leave the minister at Chili, although he may be
the enemy of all mankind." So I yielded to
the suggestion because I desired a reduction
in the expenses of this Government if it could
be done. I yielded to the argument, and I chose
to have a minister at the more important post,
however he may stand in personal relations
to me.
Now, then, I want the House to observe
another thing, that this report is signed by all
the members of both committees except the
two chairmen of the Committees on Foreign
Affairs. '' Great is Diana of the Ephesians!''
With them great are the Committees on For-
eign Affairs and the chairmen thereof in their
own estimation. They say this service ought
to be changed. They have been chairmen for
six years. Why has it not been changed?
They say it wants consideration. Why has it
not been considered? They say the service
wants revision. Why has it not been revised?
And when some of the rest of us attempt to
do that which they ought to have done, and
which they admit they have left undone, why
they come here and say, "Qh, you must not
do that; and we will not do it."
But I do not stop there. What have we done?
What have the gentlemen on the committee of
the Senate and what have the gentlemen on the
committee of the House who were not on the
Committee of Foreign Affairs agreed to? The
House sent the committee this proposition: that
there should be but one minister in Central
America, that there should be a minister to
Peru, one to New Granada, one to Venezuela,
one to Brazil, and one to the Argentine Repub-
lic, and they should be accredited to the other
South American States. But it was said that
we might have something for a minister to do
in the other South American States; and
therefore we agreed, as a compromise, that
we would cut off the secretaries of legation,
and having cut off the secretaries of legation
at $1,GOO ayear we would send a commissioner
to each of these smaller States, where indeed
there is nothing to do.
Now, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs has not examined this bill with
his accustomed accuracy. Let me state that
the bill now gives a minister to Guatemala, in
Central America, and commissioners at $3,000
a year each to the smaller States of Costa
Rica, Honduras, and San Salvador. It gives
a minister to Venezuela, and if I am not right
I ask to be corrected. There is the record,
and I know what I am talking about. It gives
a minister to New Granada, it gives a minister
to Chili, and it gives a minister to Brazil and
to Paraguay. Why? Because Brazil and
Paraguay are now fighting and we thought it
best to have an American minister there to
protect our citizens in their rights. We are to
have a minister to the Argentine Republic', and
to Ecuador, Bolivia, Uruguay, and the smaller
States we send commissioners. That is what
has been done. We give six full ministers
against my will and wish. I think it all wrong.
I think the ministers are perfectly useless.
Bat why did I agree to the report? In order
to compromise with the gentlemen of the Sen-
ate that we may go through the public busi-
ness, and while I could not save $125,000 to
save $75,000.
Now, then, sir, let us see what these States
do. I have in my hand the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the Senate, made
by Mr. Pattekson, of New Hampshire, and
antagonized by the chairman of the commit-
tee. Here is a summary of how these States
are represented here. Bolivia, Ecuador, and
Paraguay have no representatives at all in
Washington. Guatemala has half a represent-
ative in New York, and San Salvador has the
other half of him at New York. Honduras
has half a representative, and Nicaragua has
half a representative. Costa Rica is only rep-
resented by a charg6 d'affaires, and the United
States of Colombia are only spasmodically
represented. Venezuela has no representative
resident in Washington. It therefore appears
that while we send eleven full legations to
these eleven States they only send one full
legation to us, to wit: from the Argentine
Republic.
These are plain facts which cannot be dis-
puted or denied. Now, what is the argument
put forward here by the learned chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs ? It is this;
that we must have full ministers there in order
to prevent the European Powers from stealing
those nations. Well, if they would civilize
them after they stole them I would not have
any great objection to the theft. Some of them
are nomadic, half-civilized, with continual civil
wars, with continual outrages, and with noth-
ing in common with us. And when the gen-
tleman says that our destiny is their destiny I
deny it. We have the destiny of the Anglo-
Saxon, the destiny of the people of the north
of Europe. They have and must have the
destiny of the people of the south of Europe,
intermixed and intermingled with the Indian
and with every other possible kind cf people.
