1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; 11agricultural
or horticultural exhibitions or fairs" are one
class; then the uexfc class comprises "exhibi-
tions or fairs for the benefit of any benevolent
enterprise or sanitary, charitable, or religious
association." I notice the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Phelps] is referring to the
pamphlet copy of the bill, in which there are
some typographical errors.
-Mr. CULLOM. , Must not these fairs or
exhibitions, in order to be exempt, be for the
benefit of spme benevolent enterprise, or some
sanitary, charitable, or religious association?
'Mr. SCIIEXCK. No, sir; the gentleman
is misled by an error in the pamphlet copy of
the bill. 1 will read the proviso as it stands
in the bill under consideration:
. Provided, That school exhibitions, readings, lec-
tures, art exhibitions not moved from place to place,
agricultural or horticultural exhibitions or fairs, ex-
hibitions or fairs for the benefit of any benevolent
enterprise, orsanitary, charitable, or religious asso-
ciations, and fairs and exhibitions of any inoorpo-.
rated mechanical or scientific association,shall be
exempt from the provisions of this section.
The amendment of Mr. ScnENCKwas agreed
to.
Mr. O' NBILL. I move to amend by adding
to the section the following additional proviso:
And provided further. That this tax on gross reoeipts
shall not be levied and collected on days and even-
ings when such permanent places of amusement are
rented for school exhibitions, lectures, or anniversa-
ries'of colleges.
My principal object in offering this amend-
ment is to elicit some information from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
1 wish to ascertain whether we cannot strike
out of the proviso now attached to the section
the words "'not moved from place to place."
These large public halls are frequently rented
by schools, colleges, and scientific institutions,
for the purpose of holding in them their anni-
versaries, school exhibitions, &e. Sometimes
these are held in the day time, sometimes in
the evenings. Now, I presume the committee
does not want to tax these institutions even
indirectly, as they would be taxed if the pro-
viso offered by tne, or something similar to it,
be not added to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think anything
of that kind is necessary. If the gentleman
will look fet the section as it now stands—the
greater'part of it having been striken out—he
will find it provides as follows :
That the owner or lessoe of any permanently lo-
cated building used for any exhibition, performance,
show, or entertainment whatsoever, except such as
are hereinafter specifically exempted, to which ad-
mission is given for pay, shall be subject to and pay
a tax of three per cent, on the gross amount of all
receipts derived by such owner or lessee from such
exhibition, performance, show, or entertainment.
The phrase "permanently located" in this
clause is intended to distinguish these exhibi-
tions or entertainments from movable or travel-
ing shows. Then comes the proviso:
Provided, That schoqj exhibitions, readings, lec-
tures, ait exhibitions not moved from place to place,
agricultural or horticultural exhibitions or fairs,
exhibitions or fairs for the benefltof any benevolent
enterprise or sanitary, charitable, or religious asso-
ciations, and fairs and exhibitions of any incorpo-
rated mechanical or scientific association, shall be
exempt from the provisions of this section.
The phrase "not moved from place to place,"
applies, as the gentleman will find by the punc-
tuation, which is important in this connection,
to " art exhibitions." The object was to ex-
empt from taxation stationary galleries of pic-
tures or af statuary which may be for the ben-
efit and instruction of the community, whether
they be connected or not with any school or
public institution. But when these exhibitions
of works of art are carried around from place
to place as matters of profit, the intention was
that they should fall within the general scope
of the section and be taxed upon gross receipts.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then I understand, from
the remarks of the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, that the intention is not
to levy this tax^ upon these institutions when
renting or leasing public buildings for such
purposes as I have indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all.
Mr. O'NEILL. In other words, when a
school, college, or scientific institution in'Phil-
adelphia rerits for a lecture or an anniversary
the Academy of Music, which is frequently,
used for such purposes, it can b  done without
the payment of this tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Clearly so.
Mr. O'NEILL. Then Iwithdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend by striking
out the words "not moved from plaice to
place." It seems to me the practical effect of
these words would be simply that exhibitions
of works of art which are stationary in cities
would not be taxed ; the people would have the
advantage of visiting them untaxed, whereas
if they are sent into the rural districts it would
be otherwise.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman has evi-
dently not read the bill beyond this section.
He will find that ;places of amusement are
classified. These stationary places are all sub-
j ect to taxation upon their gross receipts, except
as specified in the proviso exempting "school
exhibitions, readings, lectures, art exhibitions
not moved from place to place," &c. Then
in the next section it is provided—
That every person who is the proprietor or man
ager of any publio amusement, exhibition, perform-
ance, or show which moves from place to plaoo, the
same not being had or given in any permanently
looated building used for such purpose, shall, in addi-
tion to his special tax for such businoss, pay to the
collector or deputy collector of the district in which
such proprietor or manager resides, taxes as follows.
The criticism of the gentleman ought to be
reserved for that section. •
Mr. GETZ. I propose a slight amendment
by inserting the word " literary " before the
word " scientific."
Mr. SCHENCK. W& have exempted
"school exhibitions, readings, and lectures,"
also, "fairs and exhibitions for any incor-
porated mechanical or scientific association."
1 suppose merely literary associations would
not have anything to show.
Mr. GETZ. In my district they frequently
hold fairs and exhibitions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection.
Insert the word, so that the clause will read,
"scientific or literary."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ska. 120. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son who is the proprietor or manager of any public
amusement, exhibition, performance, or show, which
moves from place to place, the same not being had
or given in any permanently located building used
lor auoh purpose, shall, in addition to his special tax
for such buMticss, pay to the collector or deputy col- t
lector of the district in which such proprietor or
manager resides, taxes as follows, to wit: where the
ordinarily or usually provided capacity of any tent
or other temporary or movable shelter orinclosure
so used is sufficient to accommodate not more than
one hundred and fifty adult persons, twenty dollar
per month ;-exceeding such capacity forone hundred
and iifty and not more than three hundred adult per-
sons, fitly dollars per month; exceeding such capa-
city for three hundred adultpcrsons,$100]>or month.
Every such proprietor or manager shall, on or before
the 10th day of each and every month, make a return
to the assessor or assistant assessor of the dibtiict
where such person resides, underoath or affirmation,
stating the number ot exhibitions or performances
had or given tor the month next preceding, and the
capacity of the tent, shelter, or inciosure in which
such exhibitions or performances were had or given.
And any such proprietor or manager who shall neg-
lect or refuse to mako such return shall be assessed
and pay double the .rates of tax hereinbefore pro-
vided; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the
tax for the space often daysafterthe-sameshallhave
become payable, shall pay, in addition, ten percent,
on the amount of such tax. And for any attempt to
evade the payment of such tax the said proprietor
or manager shall, on conviction, be fined$l,000. And
where such piuprietor or manager is absent from his
place of residence at the time when the monthly re-
turn is required to be made, he shall render said
return to the nearest assessor or assistant assessor,
and said officer to whom such return is made shall
immediately transmit thesame to the assessor of the
proper district to whom such proprietor or manager
has been required by law to give bond.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Returns of Groan Receipts.
Sec.127. And be it further enactcd, That every per-
son owning or possessing or having the care or man-
agement of any railroad, canal, steamboat, ship,
barge, canal-boat or other vessel, or any ferry, toll-
road, or bridge* or carrying on-or doing an express
business, or engaged in the business of insurance ,,or
owning or having the care and management of any
telegraph line, or being the owner or lessee of any
permanently located building used for exhibitions,
performances, shows, or entertainments, upon whoso
gross receipts a tax is imposed, shall, within twenty
days after the end of each and every month, make
and render a return in duplicate to the assistant
assessor of the district, stating the gross amount of
receipts for sueh business respectively for the 6ionth
next preceding, which return shall be verified- by
the oath or affirmation of such person in the .manner
and form proscribed from time to time by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and shall also pay
the full amount of taxes which have accrued on such
receipts for the month aforesaid. And in case of
neglect or refusal to make said return as aforesaid
the assessor or assistant assessor shall notify such
person, and if the return is not made within ten
days after such notie? has been served, shall proceed
to estimate the amount received and the taxes pay-
able thereon, and shall add thereto ten per cent.;
and for the purpose of making such assessment or
of ascertaining the correctness of any such return
the books of any such person shall be subject to the
inspection of the assessor or assistant assessor on his
demand or request therefor. k And in ease of neglect
or refusal to pay the taxes with the addition afore-
said, when the same shall hav$ been ascertained,
within ten days after notice of such assessment,- the
porson having tho management, as aforesaid, shall
pay, in addition, ten per cent, on the amount of
such taxes and tho addition therotO;"and for any
attempt knowingly to evade the payment of such,
taxes tho said owner, possessor, or person having
the care ormanagement, as aforesaid, shall be liablo
to pay a penalty of $1,000 for every such attempt.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, there is a class
of persons known aa freighters of shoes, and
i would like to have an amendment made ex-
empting that class.
Mr. KELLER. I would like to ask, for in-
formation, whether the tax imposed in section,
one hundred and twenty-eight increases or
diminishes the present tax on mineral oils?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the amendment the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
suggests is provided for under the head of
u peddlers." I move, on behalf of the com-
mittee, to amend by striking out tho next
eleven sections relating to mineral oil. ^ Thd
committee will recollect that under the bill of
the 31st of March last the tax on oil was re-
duced from twenty cents to ten cents a gallon.
Subsequently, by the act of July last, in rela-
tion to spirits and tobacco, there was an amend-
ment adopted putting the distillers and refiners
of oil upon the same footing as all other man-
ufacturers, leaving them to pay two tenths of
one per cent, on their sales. . It is not neces-
sary, therefore, as theyare included no,w in tho
general description of manufacturers, and as
there is no longer a specific tax on oil in this
bill, to have anything about them specifically.
Mr. HOO-PBR, of Massachusetts. I call tha
attention of the chairman of the committee to
the one hundred and thirty second section, and
ask if he means to strike that out.
Mr. SCHENCK. < That section is one.npon
which we took considerable jhiuis. It was in-
tended to punish the sale of explosive com-
pounds under the name of oil—-a very proper
legislative provision. But inasmuch as we give
up the whole control of the subject of oil by
putting it upon the footing of other manufac-
tures, we have left no room upon which to base
one legislation exercising supervisory control
over it. As long as we kept oil subject to a
special taxunder the supervision of theoffieers
of the law in behalf of the General Govern-
ment we had such control over it that we might
properly, and I thought we did wisely, retain
it in the bill as it now stands. But I do not see
how we can retain it if we strike out all cUo
that relates to oils. I have no objection to
retaining the section.
Mr. HOOPEB, of Massachusetts. 1 would
move to retain the one hundred and thirty-
second section. I do not see that there is any
objection to retaining this section. It has no
connection with the imposition of a tax, but
merely prohibits the sale of these dangerous
oils, and I think that section need not be
stricken out.
Mr. SCHENOK. I have no objection to
leaving that section in. It is a favorite idea
of my own, I believe I was the author of the
original section* as it appears now.on,the
