1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi
save money to the Government? Where shall
we begin our much-wanted economy? When
we reach the President's salary that was not
the place for it. When we reach the clerks'
salary we were asked to increase it ten per
cent. When we reach these diplomatic ex-
penses we are told, oh, no ! we cannot touch
them. We are told that American honor
demands that we shall go on incurring these
useless and extravagant expenditures. No
man will let his own specialty be touched.
All of us must stand back when we touch the
particular thing that is to be economized.
When we touch the Indian department the
Indian Committee comes in with a protest.
When we propose to reduce the expenses of
the Army we are told by the Military Com-
mittee that they must not be touched. Now
we are told that we must not reduce these
diplomatic expenses. Great is Diana of the
Ephesians. In the meantime taxes are rolling
up, in the meantime retrenchment is becom-
ing a by-word, and we are to spend the people's
money upon some possible hope—of what?
My friend says the hope that we may have
some influence down in Ecuador when they
put a canal through the Andes or a railroad
over them, because that is the only way they
can ever extend any canal or railroad into
their country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am sorry I have de-
tained the House so long upon this question.
I offered to divide my time, with the pressure
of business from every side and with the sec-
ond appropriation bill stopped in limine. I
trust the debate will now be brought to a close.
Mr. CHANLER. Before the gentleman
takes his seat will he allow me to ask him if
I understood him correctly to make an' allu-
sion to the motives which actuated the criti-
cism of gentlemen on this side of the House
in reference to striking out the minister at
Chili some time ago?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
said one word about that side of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Because in the course
of that debate remarks were made by myself
at the time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no
sir. T said an argument to prejudice was made
outside of the House.
Mr. CHANLER. The motive of the gen-
tleman was right and proper. I do not wish
to question his motive. 1 suppose him to be
one of the greatest reformers in this country
in some respects. When he took New Or-
leans he not only took the city but everything
in it according to common rumor. [Laughter. ]
Mr. MUNGEN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me a few minutes ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield three minutes.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, the same
reasons exist for refusing to allow consuls and
ministers in other places besides the South
American republics ; and I cannot see why,
when the committee of conference are cutting
off ministers there, they do not propose to re-
trench and reduce the representation at Hayti
and Liberia. Certainly the same reasoning
that the gentleman uses will apply to those re-
publics. We cannot speak the negro language
any more than the Spanish, if that is any rea-
son for cutting off the representation ; and as
to the matter of commerce we do not care
much about that. The gentleman said we did
not wish to bring ourselves on a level with
these insignificant, mongrel States. And in
describing the people the gentleman used some
rather curious arithmetic. He said they were
one half one thing, three quarters another, and
two thirds, I believe, another. That makes j
more than a whole number. But no matter i
for that. I desire to offer an amendment to
the report putting Hayti and Liberia on the
same footing with these other republics.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It cannot,
be amended.
Mr. MUNGEN. If it cannot be amended
then I shall vote against it. because while ive 1
are keeping up ministers resident n( tlie-,e nhiek i.
republics, Hayti and Liberia, neither of them
have anything more than a chargS d'affaires
here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
the gentleman to understand that I do not re-
ject his amendment. I only say the report
cannot now be amended.
The SPEAKER. The report must be agreed
to or rejected as a whole.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield for
a short time to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PRUTN. Mr. Speaker, I entirely coin-
cide with many of the views stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and perhaps I
might go further in some directions than the
report of the committee of conference. But
I think the committee have made one or two
errors in their recommendation. If we have
a full minister at Chili we ought to have one
at Peru. And while I agree that some of the
Central American missions might be abolished,
or one person accredited to two Governments,
I think when we come to the South American
States we will find it difficult to do this. Take
the case of the United States of Colombia, and
Venezuela, while although they adjoin each
other still it takes about as much time to go
from Caraccas, the chief city of Venezuela, to
Bogota, the capital of the United States of
Colombia, as it does to go from here to Rome.
Whether we should send officers to these Gov-
ernments called "commissioners" is question-
able. It would be better, I think, to invest them
with the usual diplomatic title of minister res-
ident or chargS d'affaires and graduate the
salaries according to the duties. This, I think,
is worthy of more consideration than it can
have received at the hands of the committee.
The office of " commissioner" does not carry
with it quite the powers the gentleman from
Massachusetts seems to suppose. No com-
missioner, indeed no officer accredited from
one Government to another, can exercise judi-
cial functions in the country to which he is
accredited without the consent of that country.
Eorinstance, our ministers in Turkey and China
exercise judicial functions, but it is by special
arrangement between the two Governments.
Mr. BANKS. The powers attributed to our
minister in China are especially conferred by
the statute in execution of the treaty made with
that country. They are not derived from
diplomatic law.
Mr. PRUYN. If these functions are exer-
cised it must be by the consent of the country
to which the minister is accredited.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The com-
missioner to China was appointed before the
treaty was made.
Mr. PRUYN. We opened all our negotia-
tions with the East—-with the king of Siam, with
Muscat, with Japan, and with China—by means
of commissioners appointed specially for that
purpose. There is no doubt that the term eom-
missi:',ner in our diplomatic'relations has become
a title well known to us, but itis not well known
to the other nations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me say
to the gentleman that the title of commissioner
was agreed upon after great consideration by
the committee of conference as being the best
as between that and charge d'affaires.
Mr. BANKS. It was objected to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, by
you.
Mr. PRUYN. In looking into Wheaton to
find the definition of commissioner, and his
description of the powers and duties of com-
missioners, I do not find that they are so broad
as the gentleman from Massachusetts has, no
doubt inadvertently, stated them to be.
In regard to one of the missions to South
America, to which allusion has been made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler]—and but for that allusion I certainly
should not have referred to it—I can say, not
only from my own knowledge of the circum-
stances. but from information from the State
Department, that the duties of that mission,
although they happen to have been very bur-
densome and unusually intricate and perplex-
ing during the last year, in consequence of %
revolution which has takeh placer in that coun-
try, have been discharged to the entire satis-
faction of the State Department by a- person
closely related to me, whose rank has been
only that of charg6 for the time beings and
whose compensation has barely snffieed to
pay the actual office expenses of the legation.
I have no doubt that the duties of that post
could be satisfactorily discharged by a person
of the rank of a charg6, and consequently at a
less expense to the Government than a min-
ister resident, and this is probably the case
with reference to several of the Central and
South American Governments. I think that
further consideration should be given to this
matter, and prefer that the report should be
disagreed to; that we may have a new com-
mittee of conference and see if some other
result cannot be reached.
The brief time I have prevents me from pre-
senting other considerations bearing upon this
matter, and I must leave it at this point.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very vtell.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. To what extent
does the reform go that is proposed by the re-
port of the committee of conference ? To what
extent has the number of representatives to
these little republics been cut down ; and how
much are the expenditures of this Government
diminished thereby ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer the gentleman. There is no place to
which either a minister or a commissioner is
not sent; so that the numbes of representatives
is not cut down. But the expense is reduced
$100,000 in gold.
Mr. PRUYN. Let me say one word right
here. I do not know that particular allusion
has been made in this debate to our promulga-
tion of the Monroe doctrine, which imposes
duties upon us in relation to the Central Amer-
ican and South American States which might
not otherwise have existed. We do not mean
that other nations shall interfere there.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In answer
to that, I wish to say that when the Monroe
doctrine was promulgated the first movement
was the establishment of the Panama mission.
I now want to call the attention of the House
to the fact that commissioners are well known
and well understood diplomatic officers, and
are made a part of our consular system. I do
not desire to continue this debate longer. I
desire merely to call attention to two or three
other points in the report of the committee of
conference. One point is that the report pro-
vides that the President may send out agents
to oversee diplomatic officers where itis charged
that, they are not behaving well. We never have
had that power before. That is a measure of
great necessity and of great economy, one that
was the cause of a great deal of discussion.
The other points are minor ones. The only
one to which I wish now to call attention is
where we have struck out an amendment of
the Senate that if adopted would have taken
about $40,000 more out of the Treasury. It
is now agreed that that shall be stricken out.
I hope the report of the committee of confer-
ence will be concurred in. We have so much
business yet to do that this subject cannot well
be debated further. And if we have another
committee of conference there will probably
be another debate on their report, which may
peril the passage of the bill. I propose now
to call the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I desire a few miuutes to
make a statement to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To which
it may be necessary for me to reply.
Mr. BANKS. It makes no difference to me
whether the gentleman replies or not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield out of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has eight
minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. RANK'S, f do not demand any of the
