1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
body who has looked into the subject of in-
flammable oils knows that the explosious with
which the country has been afflicted have come
from the use of poor, olieap, refuse oils like
gasoline and benzine, and all those worthless
articles which were not taxed at all under the
old law, which we did not consider worthy of
taxation. Manufacturers, in order to make
something on which they would not have to
pay tax, took tkese refuse articles, the products
of distillation; and the result was an inflamma-
ble and explosive compound. The removal of
the tax has gone a great way toward relieving
the country from the danger of these explo-
sions. The tax having been removed, there
is. now no special premium offered for the
manufacture of these poor, cheap, explosive
compounds. I think gentlemen will find that
nearly all the great disasters that have arisen
from these inflammable articles took place
before the tax was taken off, when men were
trying to get up some " poor man's light" that
should not be heavily taxed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "ten" and insert-
ing "eight." .
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendments
are in order.
■ Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment, to the amendment.. It was offered merely
for the purpose of illustration.
Mr. MOORHEAD.. I now move to amend
the amendment by striking out " ten " and in-
serting " eight." I offer this amendment for
the simple purpose of making an explanation
to the House—I do not know that it is worth
while to make it to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] who seems somewhat ob-
tuse—in regard to the object of marking these
barrels. The purpose ot marking the barrels
in a designated manner is to give the world
notice of the contents of those barrels. If
such a law as I now propose had been in exist-
ence prior to the destruction of the steamers
between Louisville and Cincinnati, if the bar-
rels containingthese inflammable products had
been required to be painted red on the end,
such barrels would not have appeared upon
either of those steamers. Yet the gentleman
from Ohio cannot see that this regulation has
anything to do with the transportation of the
articles I Sir, the regulation is designed to
give notice to every transporter, to every man
who may handle barrels thus marked, that the
contents are inflammable. In a similar way
kegs of powder are required to be marked,
that those handling or transporting them may
know the risk they are incurring, and may
exercise sucli care as the circumstances de-
mand.
One other remark I wish to make in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio. As he was so very
complimentary to me I desire to the best of
my ability—I do not pretend to measure swords
with him—to return the compliment. He
says that my amendment has nothing to do
with transportation. Now, I would like to
ask him what the law requiring the inspection
of steamboat boilers has to do ' with trans-
portation.
Mr. GARFIELD.
That is a regulation of
commerce.
Mr. MOORHEAD. So_it is a regulation
of commerce, conducing to its safety, when red
marks are required to be put on the ends of
these barrels, just as much as when a steam-
boat inspector, for the safety of passengers, is
required to inspect a steamboat. I hope the
House will adopt the amendment.
[Here the.hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was
agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Mooehead was not
agreed to.
Mr. EL A. Iaskthatthecornuiitteeby unanl
mous. consent go back to section one hundred
and twenty-seven, that I may move an amend
ment. . -
There was no objection.
Mr. ELA. I move to; amend by adding to
section one hundred and twenty-seven the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That the provisions of this seetion shall
not apply to persons knows as "shoe-freighters."
Mr. Chairman, my object in offering this
amendment is this: in the interior of the State
of New Hampshire in some of the towns there
is quite a percentage of the people who follow
the profession of shoemaking. In those towns
there are men whp go round with a four-horse
jgage team and gather up the shoes from these
shoemakers, takeSiem to the railroad, put them
on the cars, and send them to Lynn or Haverhill,
where the great manufacturers reside. These
shoe-freighters send these boxes upon the trains,
and they return in the same boxes the stock to
these shoemakers of their towns. For this
service they charge so much a box. Now, in
this bill they are taxed at the rate of three per
cent, on their gross receipts. This seems to
me to be an oppressive tax upon these men,
especially when we do not tax railroad compa-
nies or other companies for carrying this
freight, while you do tax these men who have
paid them this freight. It is a singular case,
and probably exists nowhere else. It is an
oppressive tax upon this small class of people,
and I therefore hope that there will be no
objection to the adoption of my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. lam opposed to the amend-
ment, and I do not see that it has any relation
whatever to the one hundred and twenty-sev-
enth section, to which it has been moved as an
amendment. That section provides that every
person owning or possessing or having the care
or management of any railroad, canal, steam-
boat, ship, barge, canal-boat or other vessel,
or any ferry, toll-road, or bridge, or carrying
on or doing an express business, or engaged in
the business of insurance, or owning or having
the care and management of any telegraph
line, or being the owner or lessee of any per-
manently located building used for exhibitions,
performances, shows, or entertainments, upon
whose gross receipts a tax is imposed, shall,
within, twenty days after the end of each and
every month, make and render a return in
duplicate to the assistant assessor of the dis-
trict, stating the gross amount of receipts for
such business respectively for the month next
preceding, which return shall be verified by
the oath or affirmation of such person in the
manner and form prescribed from time to time
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and shall also pay the full amount of taxes
which have accrued on such receipts for the
month aforesaid, and so on.
The gentleman from New Hampshire wants
these shoe-freighters entirely exempted. It is
not the Euphrates that is referred to, but shoe-
freighters. [Laughter.] The gentleman says
that these shoe-freighters are included with
the express companies and charged as such. I
think, although he does not agree with me,
that they are protected by a special tax in the
provision in relation to peddlers. The last
clause in the paragraph in reference to peddlers
provides that a manufacturer or producer of
any article, except distilled spirits, who may
by himself, or his agent, and by his own con-
vevance, deliver the same at places other than
the place of manufacture, shall not by reason
of such delivery only be regarded as a peddler.
The, gentleman says that these conveyances
are owned by these men who carry on this
business. If they do carry on the business
they do itfor_profit; and if so, I do not see why
they should be exempted from taxation on the
return of their gross receipts any more than
any other persons engaged in profitable occu-
pations. If these men only do a small business
they will, of course, only have to pay a small
tax; if, however, they do a large business,
their tax will be larger. It is with them just
as it is with all men who are engaged m
business.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I move to insert after, the
word "shoe" the words "and other;!'so the
amendment will then read "shoe and other
freighters." I.do not seeany good reason why
shoe-freighters should be exempted .from tax-
ation to the exclusion, of:all others.
Mr. ELA. This is different from probably
almost any other case that can he presented.
These shoe-freighters, in a town where there
are probably five or six shoemakers-with their
four-horse teams, go around from one. to the
other, gather up their shoes, take -them to the
railroad, and return in the same boxes their
stock, for which service they charge so much
box. Now, these, men!are charged as: ex-
pressmen, while you do not eharge the railfoad
companies or anybody else for carrying this
freight. It is an oppressive tax upon this small
iclass of persons.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is .simply a provision
of the manner in which the gross receipts shall
be returned preliminary to taxation. If the
gentleman will turn to find out what are the
taxes on gross receipts he will see that none
are taxed .whose gross receipts do not «xeeed
$4,000 per annum.
Mr. Peters's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. Ei.a's amendment was then rejected. _
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire as far as possi-
ble to save the time of the committee. Mem-
bers will find that the next one hundred and
twenty-five pages of this bill relate to taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco. I move to strike
out from section one hundred and thirty-nine
to section three hundred and twenty-six in-
clusive, and iu lieu thereof to insert the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk, and
the amendment itself is simply the law which
you passed at the last session of Congress in
relation to distilled spirits and tobacco.
Mr, GARFIELD. I hope my colleague will
consent to some arrangement by which that
amendment will be printed before we are called
upon to act on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment will of
course be divisible.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the amend-
ment will be printed, so that we may go over
it carefully section by section. There are a
good many things in the law about which our
collectors have written to us, and every mem-
ber has of course some suggestion to make. I
suggest that instead of reading it now it, be
left open for action hereafter, when it shall
have been printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. .Isnggest
to my colleague on the committee that it bo
passed over for the present. There are some
amendments to the law which I am not pre-
pared to propose to-night. In the mean time,
let the amendment of the committee be printed,
so that it will be before the House understand-
ing^.
Mr. SCHENCK. .1 am ready to enter into
any arrangement which will expedite business.
The committee desired me to inform the House
in this general way what it is we purpose. We
know that under the action of this House last
year there was passed as a consequence of the
legislation upon which we entered^ apart from
this general bill now under consideration, a
law covering the whole of this subject of dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco. We have now
reached that part of the general bill.rela.ting to
these articles. We now propose to strike out
all that part of the bill, our object being to
condense all the revenue laws into one, and to
offer as an amendment that which I have sent
to the Chair, which is the present law m re-
lation to spirits and tobacco. I know the
present law has already developed m some
degree, perhaps, a necessity for amendment
in some particulars, but I think as yet not
many. We have had presented to us in the
committee-room not a few, but cords, I had
almost said, of propositions to amend that law.
I am happy to find, however, that almost
every distiller and tobacco manufacturer or
trader in these articles, while he offers some
particular amendment to the law that he thinks
ought to be made, concurs with all others in
saying that the law as a general thing is excel-
