1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
speech on the aspect of the country. [See
Appendix.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed joint resolutions and bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask
ihe concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 231 ^providing for
the reporting and publication of the debates
in Congress;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 72) for the relief
of John M. Broome and others, the band of
the twelfth Kentucky infantry;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) authorizing
the Secretary of War to take charge of the
Gettysburg andAntietam national cemeteries;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 211) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelling military
reservation for a permanent military post and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 230) authorizing
the erection of brick buildings for military pur-
poses at Fort Totten, in Dakota Territory;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 201) to drop from
the rolls of the Army officers absent without
leave;
An act (S. No. 877) to remove the charge
of desertion from certain soldiers of the sec-
ond North Carolina mounted infantry;
An act (S. No. 959) to repeal the second
section of the act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30,1868, and for other purposes, approved
March 2,1867;
An act (S. No. 830) for the relief of Orlando
Brown; and
An act (S. No. 960) relating to freedmen's
hospitals.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment the fol-
lowing bills of the House :
An act (H. R. No. 424) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act for the relief of certain
drafted men
An act (H. R. No. 1280) for the relief of
Lieutenant Leonidas Smith, late of the twenty-
second regiment Indiana volunteer infantry ;
An act (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of
H. A. White;
An act (H. R. No. 1878) for the relief of
George W. Short;
An act (H. R. No. 273) to amend the act of
April 10, 1806, for establishing rules and arti-
cles of government of the armies of the Uni-
ted States;
An act (H. R. No. 1489) granting a portion
of the military reservation at Sault Ste. Marie,
Michigan, to the American Baptist Home Mis-
sion Society;
An act (H. R. No. 1323) for the relief of
Walter D. Plowden ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1872) providing for
the payment of Captain Goldman Brysou's
mounted company.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bills of the House,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1279) in relation to ad-
ditional bounties, and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 1487) to declare and fix
the status of the corps of judge advocates of
the Army.
J SUFFRAGE.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to make the fol-
lowing privileged report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S.
No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States having met, after full and free
conference, have agreed to recommend and do rec-
ommend to their respective IIouses as follows :
That the House recede from their amendments and
agree to the resolution of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
In section one, line two, strike out the words " or
hold office;" and that the Senate agree to the same.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Managers on the part of ihe Hovse.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
ROSCOIS CONKLING,
Ma.iujoers ori the part of the Sevate.
^$fr. WOODWARD. I rise to a question of
order. I had the honor of presenting a ques-
tion of order the other day in regard to a com-
mittee of conference on this subject and it was
overruled, upon the ground, as I understand
and as it was reported I believe in the Globe,
that legislation in regard to a constitutional
amendment was legislation under the ordinary
rules of this body, and that a committee of
conference was as suitable to that kind of legis-
lation as to ordinary legislation. My point was
that this was extraordinary legislation, result-
ing merely in an expression of concurrence on
the part of the two Houses, and did not come
under the ordinary rules of legislation at all,
and therefore could not go to a committee of
conference. But I was overruled on that point.
Now I make another point of order resulting
from the position taken by the Speaker on that
occasion. I hold that this report of the com-
mittee of conference must go to the President
of the United States for his approval; and in
support of the point I refer the Chair to that
clause of the Constitution which declares that—
*' Every order, resolution, or vote in which the con-
curreneeof theSenate and House of Representatives
may be necessary (except on a question of adjourn-
ment) shall be presented to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and before the same shall take effectshall
be approved by him, or being disapproved bv him
shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House
of Representatives, according to the rales and lim-
itations prescribed in the ease of a bill."
The Chair will observe that this constitu-
tional provision makes the only exception from
ordinary legislation in cases of adjournment.
The Chair has already ruled that legislation in
regard to a constitutional amendment is ordi-
nary legislation. It is either an order, a reso-
lution, or a vote; and if it bean order, a reso-
lution, or a vote, then it must go to the President
for his concurrence.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire whether
the gentleman is making a point of order or a
speech?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is making
a point of order; it is an important one and
the Chair desires to hear it.
Mr. CULLOM. It is a very long one.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman seems
to be very impatient, but 1 hope the Chair
will allow me to state it fully.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
stated the point of order the Chair will decide
it. It has been raised once before and decided
by the Chair. He will repeat the substantial
points of that decision, which he thinks will
satisfy the gentleman that his point is not well
taken, although based by him upon the Con-
stitution of the United States. The question
was raised distinctly in 1803 in the Senate of
the United States on a motion that the then
proposed amendment to the Constitution should
be submitted to the Piesiderit:
"On motion that the Committee on Enrolled Bills
be directed to present to the President of the United
States for his approbation the resolution which has
been passed by both Houses of Congress proposing to
the consideration of the State Legislatures an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States respect-
ing the mode of electing President and Vice Presi-
dent thereof, it was decided in the negative—yeas 7,
nays 23."
On a distinct vote of 23 to 7 the Senate voted
that the Committee on Enrolled Bills should
not present the proposed amendment. This
is a decision made by one of the early Con-
gresses. But the Chair is not satisfied with hav-
ing it rest on that; he is disposed to present
higher authority in overruling the point of
order.
In 1798 a case arose in the Supreme Court
of the United States depending upon the
amendment to the Constitution proposed in
1794, and the counsel? in argument before the
court, insited that the amendment was not valid,
not having been approved by the President of
the United States. The Attorney General,
Mr. Lee, in reply to this argument, said:
"Has not the same course been pursued relative
to all other amendments that have been adopted?
And the ease of amendments is evidently a substan-
tive act, unconnected with the ordinary business of
legislation, and not within the policy or terms of in-
vesting tho President with a^jualififd negative on
the acts and resolutions of Congress/*
That was the remark ef the Attorney Gen.-
eral. But the Chair does not.rest his decision
upon that. He sustains it by the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States. The
court, speaking through Chase, Justice, in
reply to the Attorney General, observed:
" There can surely be no necessity to answer that
argument. The negative of the President applies
only to the ordinary cases of legislation. He has
nothing to do with the proposition or adoption of
amendments to the Constitution."
As the Supreme Court of the United States
has settled this question by a decision, the
Chair does not need to read further authori-
ties. But this question came before the Sen-
ate of the United States recently, since the
recent exciting questions have been before
the country, and the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate [Mr. Trum-
bull] offered the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the article of amendment proposed
by Congress to be added to the Constitution of the
United States respecting the extinction of slavery
therein having been inadvertently presented to the
President for his approval, it is hereby declared that
such approval was unnecessary to give efl'ect to the
action of Congress in proposing said amendment,
inconsistent with former practice in reference to all
amendments to the Constitution heretofore adopted,
and being inadvertently done, should not constitute
a precedent for the future; and the Secretary is
hereby instructed not to communicate the notice of
the approval of said proposed amendment by the
President to the House of Representatives."
Upon that resolution the Senator from Mary-
land, Mr. Reverdy Johnson, who had been for-
merly Attorney General of the United States,
made a speech which the Chair will not quote,
corroborating, however, the opinion of the
Chair, and the Senate adopted the resolution
of Mr. Trumbull without a division and with-
out the yeas and nays.
The Chair, therefore, thinks that the ques-
tion is settled, not only by the practice of Con-
gress, but by a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and therefore overrules
the point of order.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I propose to let the
House understand what this report of the com-
mittee of conference is. It is the original
proposition of the Senate with the words " and
hold office" stricken out; so that if the report
be agreed to the proposed amendment will
read:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shafl not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
I am happy to be able to say, as the report
shows, that it is unanimous so far as the man-
agers on the part of the House are concerned,
and I presume that the House is ready to vote
upon the report of the committee. 1 demand
the previous question unless some gentleman
desires to debate the report, which I hope will
not be the case at this late hour of the session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
it requires a two-thirds vote to agree to the
report.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that the Clerk may
read the proposed constitutional amendment
as it will stand if this report is adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by the United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. N1BLACK. Do I understand the Chair
to say that it requires a two-thirds vote to agree
to the report?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the
Chair that every part of the proceeding must
be covered by a two-thirds vote in both branches.
Mr. BOUTWELL and Mr. NIBLACK called
for the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 144, nays 44, not voting 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Banks, Bearaan, Beatty, Benjamin. Benton, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell. Bowen, Boydeu,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buckley. Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butlor, Callis, Churchill, Header W.
