1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1565
Claims exceeding $5,000 shall be paid. It
does not purport on its face to prohibit the
court from rendering a judgment for a larger
sum than $5,000 ; but practically and really it
is cutting down the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claiftis to $5,000. Whoever gets a larger
judgment, instead of being entitled to be paid
at once out of the Treasury has to come to
Congress for a confirmation of his claim just
as if it had never been adjudicated.
Now, sir, if this plan is to prevail, if this
doctrine is to be established in relation to the
Court of Claims, we had better repeal the law
constituting that court and abolish it at once. I
do not understand this constant carking at the
Court of Claims. I have never heard a sugges-
tion from any quarter that the judges of the
Court of Claims were not as upright judges, were
not as industrious judges, were not as learned
judges, and were not as competent to decide
the questions which came before them as any
other tribunal in this land. In my judgment
it is of the highest importance and of the
highest interest to this Government that the
Court of Claims should be sustained; and
instead of narrowing its jurisdiction, I say that
its jurisdiction should be enlarged. It is a
matter of great importance to the Government
that the claims which may be held and urged
against it should undergo a careful, impartial
judicial investigation. We all understand
what sort of investigation claims receive that
are brought before Congress. Ordinarily be-
fore committees they are considered and de-
cided on ex parte testimony, instead of having
witnesses on both sides brought together and
confronted. Claims which come before the
committees, I repeat, are examined on mere
ex parte evidence, a great portion of which is
not under oath at all. Indeed, a great por-
tion of it is such as we get from interested
persons at the corners of the streets.
I say that it is not only the interest of the
Government but the interest of honest claim-
ants which will be greatly promoted by having
these cases subjected to a judicial investigation.
And as I have said before I know no charge
against the court. I have never heard a sug-
gestion of want of integrity in regard to that
court. On the contrary, I believe that in
every single respect the greatest confidence is
reposed in their integrity. It is, of course,
scarcely possible that in the multitude of cases
which have come before them they should not
at some time have made some wrong decis-
ions ; but I have never heard but what their
judgments stand as firmly as the decisions of
any other tribunals in this country. Why,
then, this attempt to black-ball and fly-blow
the Court of Claims in this way?
I can understand that it is our duty to pro-
vide some tribunal where honest people can go
to have their honest rights adjudicated. We
should not subject small claimants to the vex-
ations and delays incident to an examination
before Congress. These small and honest
claimants we should look after and protect,'for
the large claimants who can pay for a heavy
lobby influence can get their cases through
Congress, while the small claimants who have
no money to spend will not find it so easy.
These claims against the Government should
be subjected to a judicial examination by an
honest and learned court. It is due to the
Government and it is due to the claimants
against the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I should
like, if I could get the attention of the House,
to slate the views which are held by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations on this subject. The
gentleman from Vermont has discussed the
character of the Court of Claims. I do not
propose to do so unless it be to indorse it. The
chief justice of that court is from my own State,
and I know him well. He is an able judge and
an honest man. The Committee on Appropri-
ations make no charge asainst the court and
give no currency to any scandal which may
have originated anywhere else against it.
Under the Constitution of the United States
the President and Senate can make treaties by
which millions of money may be expended.
Who ever heard before "of a bill being pre-
sented to Congress to cover all the treaties
which the President and Senate might make in
the future? For half of the treaties that are
made they bring in a bill to pay the expenses.
We have, under the law of nations and also by
solemn treaty with foreign Powers, agreed that
we will save all the judgments of our own courts
in favor of foreigners where vessels have been
wrongly seized by our Navy; damages of that
kind go into our prize courts ; but never did
you hear of a bill being brought in in advance
to pay all the judgments that might be rendered
in the future. Whenever a judgment is rendered
it is taken to the Secretary of State by the party
interested, and then through him or the Presi-
dent a communication is sent to Congress, and
we make the necessary appropriation.
Now, we have a Court of Claims which has
to hear and pass upon certain cases. When it
has decided and given a judgment in favor of
a certain claim we say that under the Consti-
tution an appropriation must be made to pay
it. We do it just exactly as we make appro-
priations to meet the judgments of other courts
and the action of the treaty-making power of
the country. But in this thing the claimants
are to be such a favored class and this court is
supposed to be so preeminent above all other
United States courts that we must make an
appropriation in advance, not to pay any claim
that is now pending, but any claim that can be
fished up and a judgment rendered thereon.
We have made an exception already according
to the bill of the Committee on Appropriations
of judgments of $5,000. Where a claimant
comes in and gets only that amount we allow
this court to put its hand into the Treasury of
the United States and pay it without Congress
knowing anything at all about it or without ren-
dering any account. But all larger judgments
must come to Congress, the same as in the'
case of a judgment of a prize court or the same
as in the case of a treaty, and an appropriation
must be asked for. As matter of course, as a
general thing the appropriation will be made.
The claim seldom goes through an investigation
by a Committee of Claims, and there is no
further examination of it than is made by the
Committee on Appropriations. But if there
is reason to suspect anything wrong, I suppose
th^re would be some investigation here.
No honest man ought to ask that you shall
open the Treasury door that he may thrust his
hands in slyly, unbeknown to the public, and
take out the funds to meet a judgment. The
only thing I know against this Court of Claims
is that they ask us to anticipate what tiiey may
do, to indorse their action in advance, to ap-
propriate money and put it at their disposition,
so that they can pay over their judgments. A
pure court ought only to decide upon a claim
and be- entirely indifferent whether it is ever
paid or not.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say that I do
not speak in behalf of the court. I have never
had a word of conference with any member of
it on this subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not say that the
gentleman did.
Mr. POLAND. Theobjectionwasthatthey
asked this or that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. When the gentleman went
on to tell us what a great court it was I con-
curred with him. I only say I want to treat
them as we do all other courts.
Mr. POLAND. It is in the interest of the
Government that I am speaking, not of the
court.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have now pending
bills to appropriate money to pay the judg-
ments of this court and members of Congress
in favor of claims. Who ever thought of
making appropriations for that court in ad-
vance ? 1 say let them all stand alike. \V hen
judgments above $5,000 are rendered in favor I
of claimants, let them ,come in here and ask
for appropriations to meet their judgments.
Mr. BUTLER, of■ Massachusetts. I yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PILE. If the argument of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofibld] is
worth anything at all it is against making any
appropriation. If it amounts to anything it
goes to show that the whole bill is wrong, that
the whole previous action of Congress in regard
to this Court of Claims is wrong, and that no
appropriation should be made except upon a
judgment rendered. Now, if you appropriate
anything at all is there any reason why you
should appropriate money to pay a judgment
for $5,000 and withhold the payment of a judg-
ment for $5,200 ?
I object to this amendment, secondly, be-
cause all the judgments heretofore rendered,
if I am correctly informed, in the Court of
Claims will amount to $100,000; I mean all the
judgments of less than $5,000 each. It is to
be restricted to that amount. There is an unex-
pended balance now in the Treasury to the
credit of the Court of Claims sufficient to more
than pay all the judgments that will be rendered
in the next two or three years, taking the past
as a precedent. I object to the amendment
also because the effect of it is, in all cases where
the claim amounts to more than $5,000, no
appeal from the judgment of the court can be
had to the Supreme Court either by the Gov-
ernment or by the claimant, because it takes
the case from the Court of Claims to Congress,
and the Supreme Court cannot and will not
entertain the ease.
[Here the hammer fell.}
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Iyield two
minutes to my colleague on the committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not suppose that any
person wishes to impugn the ability or the in-
tegrity of the Court of Claims, but I do hold
that power is fast stealing away from the Rep-
resentatives of the people. Under the Consti-
tution and under the laws as they were first
enacted under the Constitution all these claims
were obliged to be passed upon by the Con-
gress of the United States. Now Congress
has given power to this Court of Claims to take
jurisdiction of claims unlimited in amount.
They can take jurisdiction of a claim against
the Government of the United States to the
extent of $1,000,000 as well as of one of ten
dollars. Are we-prepared to say that Congress
will no longer hold any supervision over any
claim against the Government, no matter what
may be the amount? The committee only
mean by this proviso to say that this appropri-
ation of $100,000 shall be expended in small
amounts. The Court of Claims may have their
judgments satisfied out of it to the extent of
35,000 each judgment. That is the idea.
Now, if there be judgments for a greater
amount, for $20,000 or $50,000 or 8100,000,
let those judgments pass under the supervision
of Congress. Has the Court of Claims any
right to complain of this ? Has any friend of
the court any right to complain ? If the sum
is not large enough, why raise it from $5,000
to $10,000, but let us hold, in the name of the
people, some check upon this tribunal, no
matter how pure it may be as at present con-
stituted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Mungex.]
Mr. MUNGEN. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment and the whole proviso bringing cases
from the Court of Claims to Congress. The
proposition to limit the judgment of the Court
of Claims is wrong, because—
1. Claimants have been induced by the laws
of Congress to present their demands against
the Government to that court for adjudication
without regard to the amount.
2. If this limitation is made claimants had
much better go directly to Congress, especially
those who have doubtful claims, where they
can present their cases ex parte before the
committees, where the rules of evidence are not
enforced and witnesses are not likely to bo
