814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Ho alsct, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Gary Davis, pray-
ing protection ia the enjoyment of his rights,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration j which was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom-was referred the. bill(S. No.
86-2)' amendatory of the aet providing, for the
sale of the arsenal grounds at St. Louis and
Liberty,' Missouri, and far other purposes,
approved July 25, 1868, have directed me to
report it with an amendment. I am requested
to ask that it be put on its passage now.,
Mr. GRIMES. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered at
this time.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 446) to amend an act entitled "An
act to create the eastern judicial district of the
State of New York," approved February 25,
1865, reported adversely thereon. ■
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Mathilda Victor, askiag relief for damages
sustained-by her for- the use of.her property
by the Government, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. 'No. 875) for the relief of
Mathilda Victor,
The bill was read, and passed to a. second
reading; and the report- was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 761) giving the consent of the United
States to the erection of a bridge across the
Delaware river, between Philadelphia and
Camden, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RICE, from theCojpmittee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
765) to give an additional term of the United
States circuit court for the eastern district of
Arkansas, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the members of"
the bar of the eastern district of Arkansas,
asking for an additional term of the United
States circuit .court for that district, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up Senate
resolution No. 70, touching the pay of the Sen-
ators from the reconstructed States.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us get through with the
morning business.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
now. Does any Senator object?
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations asked to call up a
bill a little while ago which is absolutely neces-
sary to be passed in order to pay the employds
of the Government during the months of Jan-
uary and February in the Patent Office. It was
objected to. Ido not think there is any stronger
claim than that presented by the Senator from
Maine.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object ?
Mr. GRiMES. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained
at this time.
bill recommitted.
Mr. CATTELL. I move that the bill (S.
No. 852) for the relief of the Drew Theologi-
cal Seminary of Madison, New Jersey, be re-
committed to the Committee on Finance. It
was reported yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 876)
to encourage the growth of forest trees ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S* No.
877) to remove the charge of desertion from
certain soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
eonsent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 878) to encourage the building of steam1
ships in the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate-to take up Senate bill
No. 626. I was asked some time since by a
constituent of mine, who has some charge of it,
to do so, but could not get the opportunity,
and I should like to have it 6onsidered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. Does any Senator ob-
ject?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I want to introduce abiil.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When this is taken up
I will give way.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to introduce a reso-
lution.
Mr. RAMSEY. And I also want to intro-
duce a resolution.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is an
objection to taking up the bill at the present
time.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 879) for the relief of inhabitants of cities
and towns in the Territories of New Mexico,
Arizona, and Utah ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Coipmittee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 880)
to legalize certain land locations; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
prin ted.
Mr. BUCKALEW askod,and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 881) for the relief of Isabella C. Youngs,'
wife of Theophilus Youngs; which was read
twice by its title, rpferred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNER. I ask leave to present an
amendment which I propose to offer to the
pending joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States ;
which I ask to have printed and laid on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
indian depredations in iowa.
Mr. GRIMES submitted |be following reso-
lution ; which was eonsidered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to report to the Senate a list of all claims
filed in his Department for depredations committed
by Indians in northwestern Iowa during afad subse-
quent to the year 1857, stating the names of the claim-
ants and the amount of the claims.
messengers and committee clerks. '
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That the extra messengers and clerks to
the committees employed and on duty in the Senate
at the recess of Congress. July 27,1858, bo paid by the
Secretary of the Senate for-the period embraced in
the said recess. -
message from. the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 438) relative to certain purchases by
the Interior Department, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the enrolled joint resolution (S. R.
No. 173) respecting the provisional govern-
ments of Virginia and Texas ; and it was there-
upon signed by the President^-© tempore.
margaret doylb.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now move that the
bill to which I referred a few moments ago be
taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 026) for the relief of Margaret Doyle was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to exam-
ine and adjust the claim of Mrs. Margaret
Doyle, assignee of William E. Shimmons and
George McPherson, for balance alleged to be
due her from the United States on account of
a contract made between James W. Nye, as
Governor and ex-officio superintendent of In-
dian affairs for the Territory of Nevada, and
Shimmons and McPherson for cutting; bank-
ing, and delivering saw-logs in that Territory
for put-poses connected with Indian affairs
there, dated November 28, 1863; and the Sec-
retary .may award to thfe assignee such sum of
money, not to exceed $8,325, in coin, as may
seem to him just and equitable.' "
Mr. GRIMES. What committee reports that?
The Chief Clerk. The bill is reported from
the Committee on Claims, accompanied by a
report'.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. CONKLING. Let
the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
of the Committee on Claims, submitted by Mr.
Cole on the 17th of July, 1868:
"The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Margaret Doyle, praying compensa-
tion for cutting a quantity of timber it> Nevada, un-
der a contract with the Indian department, report:
"Thaton the 28th day of November, 1803, James W.
Nye, then Governor of the Territory of Nevada and
ex-officio superintendent of Indian affairs, acting
under authority from the Secretary of the Interior,
entered into a contract,with Shimmons and McPher-
son, by which the latter were to cut, bank, and run
to a mill to be ereeted fifteen hundred thousand feet
of logs, with privilege to them to double the amount.
They were to be paid for the logs when delivered
at the mill at the rate of twelve dollars per thousand
feet,in coin.
"The contractors placed upon the banks of the
Truckee river, about thirty miles above where the
mill was to have been erected, enough logs to make
fifteen hundred thousand feet of lumber, but none
were floated or otherwise delivered. They were paid
$9,000 in gold, or its equivalent, -Hi,387 04 in Treasury
notes, in part compensation for so much of their con-
tract. Governor Nye states that one fourth of the
price should be deducted for non-delivery at the
mill, which would leave due on this lot of logs $-1,500.
"But in addition to this fifteen hundred thousand
feet of logs,the contractors cut under the same con-
tract sufficient logs to make eight hundred and fifty
thousand feet of lumber",which was not tanked, but
left in the woods; and it,would seem they ought to be
paid for this work.
" The committee have no means of getting at any
definite rule by which to measure these damages, but
believo that $4 50 per thousand feet, or a little more
than one third the rate to have been paid if deliv^
ered, would be about right. At tha,t rate there would
be due to the contractors or their representative,
Mrs. Margaret Doyle, who has a full power of attor-
ney to represent and act for them in this .behalf, the
sum of $3,825 on this part of the contract, and upon
the whole contract the sum of $8,325.
"Your committee have agreed to recommend the
passage of the bill herewith reported, which proposes
to refer the matter to the Secretary of the Interior,
giving him authority to award to the assignee such
sum. not exceeding§8,325 in coin, asmayseemto him
jUSt." ; '
Mr. COLE. I move an amendment on page
2, line sixteen, after the word " coin" to in-
sert " or its equivalent in currency."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I should
like to call the attention of the Senate to two
facts. The report, as I understand it, states
the case of a contract made and unperformed.
That is the first fact; and the second is that
the bill directs the Secretary t,o allow such
measure of damages as he deems just and equit-
able. He is not, if I understand the bill, to
be governed by any rule of law as to the exist-
ence of liability or as to the measure of dam-
ages ; but he is to make such an allowance as
he deems just. It seems to me this would be
unusual in any case ; and it strikes me to be
not the less unusual because, if I understand
the report aright, it shows a contract upon
which the assignors of the claimant are in
default. I do not wish to argue it, but I think
it is right to ask the attention of the Senate to
these two facts.
