TEEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
cross-examined. Claims that are obviously
bad and suck as are not founded on contracts
are not presented to the Court of Claims. All
such seek some other avenne through which to
reach the Treasury. They cannot bear the
investigations of a court which rigidly enforces
the rules of evidence.
3. Sueh an enactment would in effect pre-
vent appeals from the Court of Claims to the
Supreme Court, as the judgment or decision
in such a case would not be final, but would
depend upon the future action of Congress.
As well might you limit the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims to claims not exceeding
$5,000, or organize the Senate and House of
Representatives into a grand court of claims
from whose decision there can be no appeal.
If the latter, the bondholders and bankers
would be all right, but God help the poorer
and more honest claimants.
4. It would be unjust to those claimants who
have been induced to prepare their eases for the
court when less exactness in the testimony
would have been sufficient for committees.
5. If the Government is to be sued at all it
should go into the courts on equal terms with
other suitors and the judgments of the court
should be binding on all alike. There is no
good reason why a claim of $3,000 for hire of a
steamboat, for instance, should be paid any more
reedily than a olaim for $6,000 for the hire of
the same steamboat. The principle involved
in the limitation proposed is wrong, and in my
opinion tends to work injustice and great
inequality—tends to retard and hinder the ends
and objects of justice rather than to advance
and promote the same.
Instead of limiting the powers of the court it
would be infinitely better to extend them*
Their examinations and investigations are open
and fair. The testimony in the court is all
printed and open to inspection. The Govern-
ment is there represented by able and vigilant
attorneys ; and there is but little probability
of the Government being defrauded through
that channel—certainly not half so much as
where the investigations are carried on in com-
parative privacy and on ex parte statements
and testimony. Sometimes obscure clerks in
the different Departments dispose of hundreds
of thousands of dollars every year with no
established rules to govern them ; and they
doubtless often reject or allow claims and ac-
counts without regard to the evidence, but
merely on their own whim or caprice. It is in
their power often to allow claims as a matter
of favor or reject them from spite. Their pro-
ceedings are secret, and all that can be known
about them is the conclusion to which they
come.
But again, I am very clear that the legiti-
mate business of this House and of Congress is
quite sufficient to engross the attention thereof
without assuming the judicial as well as legis-
lative functions of the Government. It is a
well-known fact that when the Court of Claims
was first established it was merely a court to
examine and report upon claims and their
finding, whether pro or con, should be re-
ported to Congress. When so reported and
certified up the matter went iuto the hands of
the Committee on Claims, and many just
claims are yet slumbering from the year 1859—
ten years ago. Those claims are, I fear,
"sleeping the sleep that knows no waking."
This kind of legislation is directly intended to
throw obstacles in the way of honest claim-
ants : but we have seen enough in the past few
days to warrant the belief that when bankers
and bondholders come before this House they
are received with " hats off," and the utmost
respect paid them. I sincerely hope that the
amendment and the whole proviso will be de-
feated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
ask for a vote upon the amendment.
The question was put upon agreeing to the
amendment; and there were—ayes 67, noes 49.
Mr. POLAND call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 79, not voting
56; as follows:
7EAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos H. Ashley,
Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Benjamin, Blair, Bowen, Broomall, Buckley, Benja-
min P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Callis, Clift. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes,
Dickey, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Ela,
Thomas D. Eliot, James T. Elliott, Ferriss. Ferry,
Fields, French,Garfield, Griswold, Halsey, Harding,
Hill, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Chester Dv Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Hunter, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Koontz, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Logan, Loughridgre, McCarthy, McKee,
Moore, Newsham, Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Pettis, Price, Prince, Raum, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger. Spalding, Stevens, Stokes,
Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Oadwalader C.
Washburn, Henry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn. Welker, William Williams, and Windom—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, James M. Ash-
ley, Axtell, Barn es. Beck, Benton, Bingham, Boyden,
Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Churchill, Cor-
ley, Deweese, Dixon, Dockery, Eldridge, Fox, Getz,
Golladay, Gove, Gravely, Grover, Haigbt, Haughey,
Hawkins, Heaton, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard,
Jenckes, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kerr. Knott. Mallory, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Mayaard, McCormick, McCullough,
Mercur. Miller, Moorhead. Mullins, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Norris, Peters, Pile. Plants. Po-
land, Pomeroy. Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Roots,
Ross, Smith, Stewart, Stone, Stover, Taber. Taffe,
Tift, Van Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump,
Whittemore. John T. Wilson, W ood, Woodward, and
Young—79.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell. Barnum,
Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buckland, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Delano, Edwards, Eggleston, Farnsworth. Gloss-
brenner, Goss, Hamilton, Higby, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Kellogg, Kitchen, Lafiin, Lash,
Lincoln, Loan, Lynch, Morrell, Morrissey, Myers,
Newcomb, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Polsley, Randall,
Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Starkweather, Sypher,
Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. _ Trimble,
Twichell, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vid al, Elihu B.W ashburne,Thomas Williams. J am es
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
An amendment to the following paragraph
was read :
Department of State:
For compensation ofthc Secretary of State, two As-
sisantSecretariesofState.forehiet clerk, eightclerks
of class four, additional to one cleik of class four as
disbursing clerk, eight clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, three clerks ot class one, one
messenger, one assistantmessenger, and seven labor-
ers, $58,110: Provided, That the pay of any messenger
in either of the departments (legislative, executive,
or judicial) of the Government employed during the
whole year shall be $840 per annum, and no more;
the pay of any assistant messenger employed as
aforestated shall be S700 per annum, and no more;
and the pay of all laborers and watchmen (whether
night or day) employed as aforestated, shall be $600
per annum, and no more.
The amendment was to strike out u $600 "
and insert u $720" near the close of the para-
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. I wisft to
briefly call the attention of the House to this
matter, as there are quite anumber of members
here now who were not here when this amend"
ment was made. The Committee on Appro-
priations fixed'a scale for all the laborers and
watchmen in all the Departments where the
labor is by law fixed at eight hours a day;
bringing the compensation down to what is
now paid by private individuals for the same
kind of service, we fixed the compensation
at $600 a year. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters.] offered thisamendment, raising
it to $720 a year. We fixed it where we did for
the sake of economy ; he proposes to raise it.
Mr. PETERS. I understood the gentleman
to say that these watchmen and laborers are
employed only eight hours a day. Now, I am
of the opinion that those employed in the
Treasury Department, especially those in the
Revenue Bureau, are engaged in service for
twelve hours a day. Last year the minimum
pay allowed them was $720, the same as pro-
posed in my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
only engaged in watching "twelve hours a day :
but a day's work is by law limited to eight
hours.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment ; and it whs agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. With the permission of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler j I will say a word right here. 1 stated in
debate the other day that the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury had been before the commit-
tee and we had consulted with him. I con-
founded him with another gentleman who up.
peared before the committee. He called on
the committee this morning nnd desired that
I should make this statement to the House. I
suppose it is because his clerks and others em-
ployed by him might otherwise think that he
came before the committee and endeavored to
have their number reduced that lie desires to
have this impression corrected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gob-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had passed without amendment a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) in relation to
the meeting of the House of Representatives
at the first session of the Forty-First Congress.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed, with amendments in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, a bill (H. R. No. 1327) to amend an
act entitled "An act to exempt certain manu-
factures from internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved March 31, 1868.
'The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 238) extending the time for the completion
of the first twenty miles of the Cairo and Ful-
ton railroad, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 968) authorizing certain banks
named therein to change their names.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. PERHAM asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
relating to the application of James P. Earle
for a pension.
Mr. PRUYN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
relating to the application of the heirs of Gen-
eral Solomon Van Rensselaer for a pension.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
An amendment from the Committee of the
Whole was read, to insert in the portion of
the bill relating to the employes of the Treas-
ury Department the following:
The compensation of the female clerks authorized
by this section shall be the same as of clerks of the
first class, arid where employed on work performed
by clerks of the higher classes they shall receive like
compensation with the other clerks of such classes.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. 1 ask a separate vote
on the amendment just read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow three min-
utes debate on this amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
there ought not to be any debate on it.
Mr. WARD. Does this amendment propose
to increase the salaries of these female clerks?
! Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It puts
| the salaries of all the female clerks in all the
j Departments up as high as the salaries of the
! male clerks.
Mr. HOLMAN. It puts the female clerks
on the same footing with the maleclerks so far
as their salaries are concerned, nothing more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On this
amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 64, not voting
69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Arnell. James
M.Ashley, Axtell, Baker, Baldwin, Barnes, Bingham,
Boyer, Broomall, Burr, Callis, Cary, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Clift, Cornell, Dawes, Dixon. Dodge, Don-
nelly, Eckley, ISla, Fox, French, Garfield, G ■.ta, Gol-
laday, Gove, Gravely, Grover, Haight, Hamilton.
Harding, Hauuhey, Heaton, Higby, Ilolman, Hop-
kins, Chester D. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kellogg, Kerr,Knott,
