1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imt
William Lawrence, Lincoln, MaAlory, Marshall,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCullough, McKee, Mungen,
Myers. Niblack, Norris, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham, Plants, Pomeroy, Prince, Pruyn, Raum, Robert-
son, Robinson, Ross, Shanks, Smith, Starkweather,
Stone, Taber, Tift,Twichell,VanAuken/VanTrump,
William B. Washburn, Whittemore, John T. Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, Woodward, and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Bailey, Beaman, Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Boutwell, Bowcn, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Churchill, Cobb, Cook, Covode, Cul-
lom Deweese, Thomas D. Eliot, Ferriss, Fields,
Griswold, Halsey, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Richard D.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George Y. Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Mercur, Miller, Moore,
Moorhead, Mullins, Peters, Pettis, Price, Sawyer,
Seofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stewart, Stover,
Tafie, Taylor, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, and William Williams—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Blackburn, Blaine, Boles, Boyden, Bromwell,
Brooks, Buckland, Cake, Reader W. Clarke, Coburn,
Corley, Delano, Dickey, Dockery, Driggs, Edwards,
Bggleston, Eldridge, James T. Elliott, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Glossbrenner, Goss, Hawkins. Hill, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Alexander a. Jones, Kitchen, Lash,
Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McCormick, Morrell, Mor-
rissey, Newcomb, Newsham, Nicholson, Nunn,
Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Poland, Polsley, Randall,
Hoots, Schenck, Selye, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Stokes,
Sypher, Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trim-
ble. Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
So the amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The time for the recess
having arrived, this bill, according to the usage
of the House, will go over till to-morrow morn-
ing as unfinished business. The hour of half
past four o'clock p. m., having arrived, the
House takes a recess till half past seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled, agreeably to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m.
moses p. shinn.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill (S. No. 467) to confirm an entry of land
by Moses F. Shinn.
The bill provides for confirming the entry by
Moses P. Shinn, of the northeast quarter of
section sixteen in township fifteen, north of
range thirteen east, in the district of lands sub-
ject to sale at Omaha, Nebraska, made on the
22d day of August, 1866, by cash certificate
No. 1931.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads a bill (H. R. No. 2006)
to establish certain post roads ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This bill simply des-
ignates post roads ; it contains nothing in the
shape of legislation. I ask unanimous consent
that the reading of the bill in full be dispensed
with.
There being no objection, the reading of the
bill was dispensed with.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the cable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. Pilf, obtained leave of absence from
to-night's session on account of sickness.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the deficiency ap-
propriation bill; but as preliminary to that
motion I move that when the House shall re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
upon that bill all general debate terminate in
one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole to proceed to the consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole (Mr. Price in the
chair) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1911) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and for other
purposes.
The first reading of the bill was, by unani-
mous consent, dispensed with.
The reading of the bill was then proceeded
with by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
And hereafter there shall only be employed and
paid tor labor in tile Treasury building and the five
other buildings used by the Department for light-
ing, cleaning, and general care and superintendence
thereof, the following persons, to wit, one super-
intendent. at a salary of $2,500 per year; one clerk
of class four and one clerk of class one; one engineer
in charge of heating apparatus, at a sala.ry of $1,200
a year; five firemen, at a salary of $600 each per
year; one machinist and gas-fitter, at a salary of
SI,200 per year; one captain of the watch, at a salary
of $1,400 per year; one storekeeper, at a salary of
$1,000 per year; thirty watchmen, at a salary of $820
each per year; thirty laborers, at a salary of $600 each
per year; seventy women as cleaners, at a salary of
$180 each per year. And it is hereby provided. That
no account for contingent expenses at any of the
bureaus of the Treasury Department shall hereafter
be allowed except on the certificate of the general
superintendent of the Treasury buildings that they
are necessary and proper, and that the prices paid
arc just and reasonable; and the said superintendent
shall keep a full, just, and accurate account in detail
of all amounts expended under the head of contin-
gent expenses for the several bureaus of the Treasury
Department, which shall be transmitted to Congress
by the Secretary of the Treasury at every December
session. And the expenditure for furniture and re-
pairs for the same shall be made by the said super-
intendent, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and it shall be the duty of said superin-
tendent to keep a just and accurate account in detail
of all tbe amounts paid for the purchase of furniture,
and also for the repairs thereof, as well as a full state-
ment of the disposition of the old furniture; all of
"which shall be transmitted to Congress at every
December session thereof by the Secretary of the
Treasury. And it is hereby provided further, That
hereafter there shall be no payment made by any
Department of the Government out of appropria-
tions made for contingent and incidental expenses
for clerk hire, messengers, or laborers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I rise to a
question of order. I make the point that the
following proviso is independent legislation,
and therefore not in order to an appropriation
bill:
And it is hereby provided further, That hereafter
there shall be no payment made by any Department
of the Government out of appropriations made for
contingent and incidental expenses, for clerk hire,
messengers, or laborers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the proviso will be stricken
out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In the first part of the
paragraph read by the Clerk I move to strike
out the word "hereafter" and in lieu thereof
to insert " after the present fiscal year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I see that seventy women
are employed as cleaners. Is not that a mis-
take? If it is intended to be so reported I
move to reduce the number to twenty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARDING. I move to strikeout "six
hundred" and insert " eight hundred so that
the bill will then read: '' thirty laborers at a
salary of $800 each per year."
Mr. Chairman, I submit to the House the
propriety of adopting this amendment. We
have heard the argument, again and again why
the salary of clerks in Washington should be
increased. We all agree that it is difficultfor
men with families to live in this city on $1,200
a year. Here, then, it is proposed to pay these
laborers $600 a year, who work a gre,at many
hours a day more than clerks. If it is right
that clerks should have enough to keep them-
selves and families, I do not see why we should
starve these laborers on a salary of $600 a year.
Now, for one, I do not propose to starve them,
and therefore I have moved an amendment
increasing their pay to $800 a year.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I am not
disposed to consume time in the discussion of
this item. It has been discussed at various
times in the House. The committee were of
the opinion, and I am sure they are right, that
$600 was more than these laborers could get
from any other employer than the Govern-
ment. If we make these salaries so much
above the market price for this labor we will
create a struggle for these places, and by pay-
ing these sums to single individuals we do not
help the great body of laborers who have to
take the market price for their labor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is not for labor-
ers for the next fiscal year.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is for the past and for
the remainder of the present fiscal year; that
is up to the 3d of June.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then this is to pay
them what we agreed to pay them when they
were hired.,
Mr. SCOFIELD. The great mass of them
are not hired in that way. All I have to say
is, I am willing the committee shall decide this
question, but I would like to have it disposed
of without debate, for I am anxious to dis-
pose of the bill to-night, if possible. If the
committee want to pay these men $800, of
course they will do it. It is a question that is
within the apprehension of every person upon
a moment's consideration.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman in-
form the House how these persons are em-
ployed? I understood him to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, that they were
"not hired in that way." Now, thisisadefi-
ciency bill, and I suppose it is to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations, making up for
what is lacking for the present fiscal year.
How are these men employed? Are not their
wages fixed by some law in existence at this
time ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no law on the
subject. We appropriate a round sum, and the
Secretary of tbe Treasury has been in the habit
of disbursing it as he sees fit, pretty much,
giving no account. We have provided that
hereafter we shall have a return of the whole
disbursement of this fund, with the items and
the persons to whom the money is paid. We
have provided also the amount which he shall
pay. I believe these women are paid by the
week or month, about three dollars and fifty
cents a week.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
know how many laborers are employed ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. AXTELL I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment simply to say that in
striking out these "seventy women" andreduc-
ing the number to "twenty" the committee
have made a mistake. There are seventy
cleaners employed now. They come to the
buildings after the offices are closed in the
evening and do this work. They are poor
women and get the magnanimous sum of $180
a year for working two or three hours each day
after the closing of the offices. If we strike
out the appropriation for fifty of them I sup-
pose they will be left to another Congress ior
their pittance to be provided for in another
deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This is not before the
committee.
Mr. AXTELL. It has been passed upon
without the knowledge of many gentlemen. It
only shows the necessity of watching these
things. .,
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does the Chair decide
that the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] is carried?
The CHAIRMAN. It prevailed.
