mm*
T  CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81?
the public: faith requires it, a simple intimation
to Congress will get an appropriation from the
next Congress, and no harm -will be done. On
these:grounds I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
wish to say just a word in relation to a state-
ment that was made here yesterday, that we
keep -a squadron oh the coast of Africa in order
to carry oat this treaty. I thought then, from
information which I.had from oae of the arbi-
trators anderthis treaty, that that was not true,
but not being able to verify my impression at
the moment 1 went this morning to the Navy
Department to inquire into that matter.
vUndetthe Ashburton treaty we were required
to keep a squadron upon the coast of Africa.
That treaty is still in force, but the African
squadron has been withdrawn, and there is no
squadron kept upon the African eoast. 'The
treaty required that we should have a squadron
of eighty guns there. In order to get around
that treaty by indirection the Navy'Depart-
ment has ordered the European squadron to
send down occasionally one of its vessels as far
as St. Paul de Loahdo, ,on the coast of Africa,
and the Brazil or South. American squadron to
send up one of its vessels along the southern
coast of Africa. , In the report of the Secretary
of the-Navy .for 18681 find it stated that one
vessel, the Swatara, was sent down from the
European' squadron, starting from Lisbon on
the ;5th of, February and returning to its for-
mer position on the 27th of April. . One soli-
tary vessel was down there less than two
months, and they keep very far distant from
the coast when they are there. , As I was told
by one of the commissioners, they simply send
a boat ashore occasionally, and the commis-
sioners rarely ever go on board or come in con-
tact with the officers of these vessels. .
, These arc the facts in relation to that matter.
As I was told this morning at the Navy Depart-
ment, the reason why our -African squadron
was withdrawn resulted from the fact that the
slave trade was dead; and the Secretary of the
Navy has gent a letter to the Secretary'of State,
recommending the abrogation of this treaty be-
cause the slave trade is dead; and Gommander
Jeffers, of the European squadron, in his
report to the Navy Department, which I had the
privilege of reading this morning, says that
"the slave trade is entirely suspended.''
Mr. SUMNER. Suspended!
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Suspended. .
Mr. SUMNER. That is, it is suspended to
be revived again if the opportunity occur.
M-r. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. If
the slave trade is suspended let us suspend
ike payment of, the money till it begins again.
Mr. SUMNER. Ah! - Would the Senator
invite it?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
will not be likely to begin very soon, I think,
inasmuch as we have destroyed slavery in the
United States, and it stands in a fair way to
be destroyed practically in Cuba and in South
America; and I suppose slaves, like every-
thing else, multiply according to the demand.
If'there is no market for slaves there is no
slave trade. -
Now, I have answered two objections. First,
it was said that we must keep up this court sim-
ply because we had treaty stipulations to that
effect. If that argument i$ good for anything
then we should keep the African squadron on
the coast of Africa because the Ashburton
treaty requires it. Secondly, it was said we
must keep up these courts because we have a
squadron there. We have no squadron there,
and therefore we do not need the courts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr.,President,
it is as far from my purpose as anything can
possibly be to desire to renew the discussion
which .took place in the Senate yesterday, on.
this measure. The honorable Senator ,'fr-om
40th Cong. 3d Sess,-—JSTo. 52.
Pennsylvania this morning rises-to Tenew this
proposition and liack it by tha statement—
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to explain.
My motion to strike out was made yesterday,
and was pending. ■
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. And it is again
renewed this morning.
Mr. BGCKALEW. Uot renewed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it was not I
withdraw that part of my remark. But the
proposition is accompanied by the statement
that this question had not been settled. Why;
sir, this is what we talked about all day yester?
day. About four or five hoars of the valuable
time of the Senate were consumed in under-
taking to convince the Senate that there was
no obligation on the part of this body to ap-
propriate money to carry out the stipulations
of the treaty. That was precisely the whole
burden of the argument. If anything was set-
tled yesterday that question was settled iathe
last vote, when the provision moved by the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] was adopted
by the. Senate.
Now, the Senator .from Pennsylvania.-makes
one quite remarkable statement, which he says
he intends shall go to the country. He says
he wants the people to understand that long
enough has' the Senate of the United States
made these appropriations for nothing. Well,
I should be glad in regard to that statement
that the people of the country should under-
stand the general fact, known to the country
and known in the history of the country and to
its honor, that these appropriations have been
made in fulfillment of the stipulations of a
treaty—a treaty lor the suppression of the most
infamous traffic known to the civilized world-
made to its advantage and made to its honor.
Let that go out with the statement which the
honorable Senator feels himself at liberty to
make here, that for six years we have been
making these appropriations for nothing, la
it no-thing that this Government and the Gov-
ernment of Great, Britain solemnly made a
treaty, which stands to their honor and will in
all time stand to their honor, by which they
agreed to provide a tribunal before which men
engaged in this infamous traffic might be
brought aud their ships condemned, to the end
that a termination be put to this traffic? And
the honorable Senator rises here in his place
now, after the subject has been discussed tour
or five hours in the Senate, and it has been
settled by the vote of the Senate if anything
can be settled that the obligation rests upon
us to make this appropriation, and says ho will
have it go ta the country that, wantonly I sup-
pose, without any reason, gratuitously, this
Senate has insisted during the last six years in
throwing to the winds some seventy or eighty-
thousand dollars on this subject. I want the
statement to go out and let the people read the
whole and understand that what the Senate is
doing now is in the fulfillment of a treaty stipu-
lation that stands to the honor and to the
renown of the country.
,My honorable friend from New Hampshire
thinks he has answered a statement which I be-
lieve I made yesterday, and has shown thereby
how futile and how needless this appropria-
tion is. He says, in substance, that the prop-
osition was, stated here yesterday that there
was a squadron or naval force upon the coast
of Africa to enforce the Ashburton treaty. I
had no specific information upon that subject;
but if any was wanted the honorable Senator
has furnished it to the Senate this morning.
If his statement goes for anything, it is that
there are not eighty guns there as provided by
the treaty; that now that the traffic is sup-
posed to be suspended somewhat the whole
force is not kept there, but the very book from
which he reads shows that we keep a force
there, that the naval authority of the country
has its eye fixed upon the coast of Africa ; it
sends a fleet there. I do not know whether
we.send eighty guns or not, probably not; but
you can see very well from what has been read
that the Secretary of the Navy feels -himself
charged .with carrying, out our treaty stipuia*
tions requiring a naval force oh- the coast of
Africa, and he. does send'ships of war to that
coast, occasionally at least. That that is to the
letter a fulfillment of the treaty I do not stand
here to say; but it recognizes the existence of
the treaty and is an act in harmony with the
treaty, and it. justifies to the full extent all I
said yesterday or intended to -say, which' was
that we have treaty stipulations that require us
to keep a naval force on that coast;. and a
naval force, it has been shown this morning,
is there.' But my honorable friend, I suppose)
understands that the Ashburton treaty was
modified by the treaty of 1862 so that the full
force of eighty guns may not be necessary to
be kept on that eoast at the present time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, If my'honorable friend
from Mains will allow me, I think I can sug-
gest an additional proviso to the one introduced
by the Senator from Indiana that will avoid
all difficulty on the subject. •. • -.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator propose to put his proviso into my speech
or into the bill ? ' , .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator's
permission to offer it now. ' • : 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have said
pretty much all I designed to say. I supposed
we had got to an end of this particular ques-
tion last evening. I will not continue the
debate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe -the motion
now pending is the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to -strike out the appropriation.
Before the motion to strike out is put, I believe
it is in order to perfect the clause proposed to
be stricken out by adding to it a proviso ? <■
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move, therefore, to add
to the clause as it stands in the bill the follow-
ing proviso:
And 'provided further. That no part of the motley
hereby appropriated shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury unless the President of the United States shall,
on application to tho Government of Great Britain,
boeom'o satisfied that such Governmentobjects to the
discontinuance of tho mixed courts provided for by
treaty, before the time fixed for their termination by
said treaty.
The President will then consultGreat Britain,
and if she is willing to discontinue these courts
they will be discontinued.
Mr. CONNESS. That amendment might
answer if it contained a direction to the' Presi-
dent to make that application. Then it might
be complete.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my honorable friend
will observe the wording of it, no money is to
be drawn unless the President makes applica-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read again,, -
The amendment of Mr. Doouttlk was again
read. ,
Mr. CONNESS. Now, sir, if the Senator
will add these words, or something equivalent
to them, "and it is hereby made the duty of the
President to make such application to the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain," there will be no
difficulty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My objection to that.is
that I think we have no right to direct the Pres-
ident to be making application to foreign Gov-
ernments ; but as to our appropriation we can
annex this condition to it, that we will not
appropriate the money unless the President
shall on application become satisfied that Great
Britain objects to the discontinuance of the
courts. If she objects to their discontinuance
we are in honqr bound, it seems to me, to ap-
propriate for them.
Mr. CONNESS. My view of the case is
based on the opinion that if the treaty has
served its purpose and the time has come when
it should be rescinded we should make the
proposition necessary in such cases to rescind
the treaty.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Allow me to say a word to the Senator from
California. I would say in relation to this point;
that when the treaty was ratified the Secretary
