im
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Itf, IJQP.ICINS. - The gentlpman.will admit
|iat) this is hot ^>ae half, the amount which has
been estimated for by the department.
Mr. SCOFTELD> That is so.
. ,.Mr. PAI-NE. I would ask the gentleman
from. Pennsylvania whether there are other
i$st&nc§s that bave come to the notice of the
committee where buildings are in process of
erection as this is, so that.the labor already per-
formed yrould be in a measure lost if the appro-
priation is not made ?
. Mr. SPALDING. There are some eight or
^en others,
BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by, reducing the appropriation to
$2-ylj00, for the purpose of asking the gentle-
imiit fro ui Wisconsin what amount was appro-
priftted last year for this court-house and post
offlge*?, "
,. Mr: .HOPKINS. The amount was $100,000,
a,nd, the estimate to complete the building was
about $200,000. The $25,000 now asked for
will put tlie roof on during the present year,
and unless we get it the work will be delayed
till another year, putting the Government to
additional rent for the offices it now occupies.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then it seems we have
appropriated and have expended already dur-
ing the present fiscal year $100,000 for this
building. If there is any necessity for this
appropriation that amount must have been ex-
pended between the 1st of July last and the
present time.
Mr. HOPKINS. I will state the reason for
the expenditure. The materials for the build-
ing have been bought and paid for. The stone
is on the ground, the lumber and the iron
girders are ready, but the appropriation being
exhausted we have nothing left to continue the
■work in the spring unless we get this appropri-
ation. Everybody who knows anything about
our northern climate knows that our seasons
at best are very short, and unless we can com-
mence the work in the spring, as this appropri-
ation will enable us to do, we lose the whole
season and the Government loses it. I am not
speaking in behalf of myself, but because I know
that it is for the interest of the Government to
complete this building.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman has given
the best reason in the world why the appro-
priation should not be made. We made a
very liberal appropriation at the last session
of Congress for this work. The parties in
charge of the work should not have expended
the entire amount, if they wanted to keep
the laborers employed and the work going on,
within the first six months of the year and then
come here and ask for another amount in the
deficiency bill. All of these public works that
are being constructed by the Government, I
presume, arein thesame fix. and the gentlemen
representing the districts where they are located
come in and ask for deficiencies to continue
the works, alleging that their appropriations are
entirely exhausted; and it will require millions
of dollars to continue them npon this principle.
As I said before we appropriated $100,000
for this court-house last year. I do not know,
neither lias the gentleman stated to us, how
much more it will require to complete the
building.
Mr. HOPKINS. I stated before that the
estimate for this building—and it was known
when the work was commenced—was $250,000.
That is no more than is required to build a
respectable building and no more than has
been expended for the same purpose in other
places of the same size. I will state to the gen-
tleman that nothing has been done on the part
of the friends of this work that is unfair to-
ward the House in keeping back any facts in
reference to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin another questjoQ, Jiow
much money has been already expended?
Mr. HOPKINS. One hundred thousand
dollars was appropriated by the last Congress,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw ihe amend-
ment to the amendment.
. The amendment was agreed to—ayes sev-
enty-seven, noes, not counted.
Mr. CULLOM. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in immediately after the one
just adopted:
Bor- construction of a public building at Spring-
field, Illinois, for a court-houso and post office and
accommodation of officers of the United States,
$25,000.
I desire to state to the committee that there
has been a little over two hundred thousand
dollars expended by the Government for a
building at the town in which 1 live, Spring-
field, Illinois. The building is erected so far
as the walls are concerned. The roof is upon
the building, the doors are in the building,
and I believe the windows are in also. The
building is in that condition. The Government
is paying six or eight thousand dollars, I do
not recollect the exact amount now, for rent
for a court-house, for a post office, for a pen-
sion office, and for offices for the various rev-
enue officers of the Government in that town.
I desire to say further—for I do not want
to mislead the House in any way—that the
amount appropriated for this purpose last year
was not quite sufficient to put the building in
the condition in which it now is, and that the
superintendent, at my own suggestion, feeling
that it was necessary to do it in order to pro-
tect the public property, went forward and put
in the doors and windows and finished theput-
ingon of the roof so that the building might not
be injured, which results in there being an
amount due to the laborers employed upon the
building which the Government has not got the
money to pay. There has been this amount
expended. I do not think it necessary for me
to take up the time of the committee in urging
the importance of making this small appropri-
ation so that the building may be completed
and the Government may get the use of it for
a court-house and post office and other offices.
I believe that the Committee on Appropria-
tions substantially coincide with me in the
opinion that this small appropriation ought to
be put in the bill, and I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I will say that I thought
the Springfield case was about the strongest
of all; but I go against them all.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to reduce the
amount called for by this amendment 81,000.
I do not know that it would be of any use for
me to attempt to resist these various appropri-
ations. I believe we all came here at the com-
mencement of this session making loud pro-
fessions of economy, declaring that we were
going to endeavor to curtail the expenses of
this Government and to reduce the taxes of
the people.
Now,in regard to this Springfield court-honse
I desire to say that we made two appropria-
tions for that purpose at the last session of
Congress. In the first place we made an ap-
propriation of $2-5,000. Afterward we were
asked by the gentleman who has proposed this
amendment [Mr. Cujxo-h] to make a further
appropriation of $30,000. At the time he
asked for that appropriation he said that only
that amount was needed to complete the build-
ing. We appropriated the amount asked for,
and provided in making it that that amount
should complete the building. Gentlemen will
find by reference to the act of July 20, 1868,
the following clause:
" To complete the building u?ed for a court-house
and post olBce at Springfield, Illinois, £30,000."
That makes $o5,000 that we appropriated
last year upon the assurance that the building
should be completed for that sum and in the
manner provided for in the law. We are now
called upon by the same gentleman [Mr. Cul-
lom] to make another appropriation. And he
now states that this additional sum is neces-
sary to complete the building. And unless
some .stQp is put to this business it will go on
in the same way from year to year. I am op-
posed to all these appropriations to continue
these works except in cases where they are abso-
lutely necessary; and SO far as my vote goes it
shall be cast against any appropriation where
we have provided by law that tlie amount here-
tofore appropriated shall complete the building.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. CULLOM. Does the gentleman regard
it as economy, after this building has been
closed in at a cost of §200,000, to let the build-
ing remain unfinished and rent other buildings
merely because the words he has read are in
some previous law?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If we state that the
amount appropriated shall complete the build-
ing we should hold the party who has had
charge of the work responsible for going be-
yond the direction made by the Congress of
the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. That is a very good argu-
ment to make, but everybody knows that it is
not carried out in any instance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then it is time it was
carried out, and I know no better time for the
purpose than the present.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand the Govern-
ment has done the best it could in carrying on
this work, but the building is not yet finished.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw ray amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Ccllom.
Mr. MULLINS I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
For a custom-house and post office building at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, $25,000.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mrmss] is not germane to
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Cdllom.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cullom ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 50, noes 31; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. A majority of those
voting have voted in the affirmative. Is a
further count called for?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes; let there be a fur-
ther count.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon a further count, as it may break
up the committee for want of a quorum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think if we are going
on in this way the sooner we break up this
committee the better.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. CtXLLOM and
Mr. Benjamix were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 70, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MULLINS. I move to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
For a custom-house ^and post office building at
Nashville, Tennessee, $25,000.
I will detain the committee but a few mo-
ments in explaining this amendment. About
fifteen years ago the Government of the Uni-
ted States appropriated $100,000 for a build-
ing of this character in the city of Nashville.
The location was made and the ground laid
out by the engineer sent there by the Govern-
ment, and a temporary building was put up ;
but that became so dilapidated that it was
finally converted into a coal-house. [Laugh-
ter.] The United States courts are now held
in the State capitol. A building in the neigh-
borhood is rented by the Government for a
post office; and that building is now in a dis-
gracefully dilapidated condition, fit for noth-
ing in the world but a den for gopher rats.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. If the Government erects
a new building, is there not danger that the
Ituklux may take it for their headquarters ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MULLINS. Why, sir, the present
building is just such a one as is fitted to breed
