828
iGLQBJl
February 3,
SMte'is no need for it, to give this expense to
the General Government, and I will unite in
any proposition which will bring to the atten-
tion ofi the (iovernment of Gr.eat Britain the
feet that we are desirous of ceasing thig ex-
penditure of the public money ; and if Great
Britain , is willing ts - abi'tigate 'the cqntradt I
aai willing to-abrogate it also,-;thqugh I firj^ly
believe that within- six ntonths'of its abroga-
tion you. will find clipper-built ships in- some
of\ the northern States running Out under the
American -flag ta.engage in the trajie, which
they havc.so Jong and so well understood, tio#
to carry-on. ■■ ;I" ro-se .principally for the pur-
pose of suggesting to- my friend, the. Senator
feoin- Wisconsin, that he .modify the language
of lag amendment; arid with bis permission!-
will-read   modification of it which I have
prepared ; . ■ .---
" Provided, dho, 3?laariftSie President bo, and he is
hereby, requested to apply to theGovernment Of
Great ^Britain to put an end to thatjjart of the treaty
or April V, X862? 'which Requires of each Governmept
to"keep tip irilxed courts, anS/upon the consent of
Government of Great Britain being obtained,
then the salaries of all the officers of the United
States connected with said courts shall cease.
. I submit this to; soft friend ftom.'Wisc.otisin,
if; he will accept it, in--Tien of the proposition
offered by, himself,' which is now pending.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr-. President) the fears o£
the honorable Senator 'from Maryland- of the
reopening of the slave trade, if this appropri-
ation should not be made, are, in my judgment,
entirely delusive and groundless. The slave
trade never would have been opened iu the
world if there had not been a slave market.
That is the stimulant that gives riseto the slave
trade. Now, I ask the honorable Senator from
Maryland where there is. a slave market open
anywhere in the world for Africans kidnapped
from the coast of Africa ? You cannot sell
them in Brazil. There is no opportunity of
selling them in Cuba at this time,, because
Cuba is almost in a state of revolution an4
anarchy, as we all .know, and. the, principal
leaders of the republicans, as they are termed
in Cuba, who are seeking the independence of
the island, although they have been large slave-
holders, have, as we are informed, commenced
their career in the line of revolution by the
emancipation of all their slaves. Clippers might
be fitted out. from Baltimore or from Provi-
dence or from Boston or anywhere else,, but if
they went to the coast of Africa, to the domin-
ionsof the king of Dahomey or any other point,
-and loaded with slaves.and turned their course
toward the New World they would find a market
for them nowhere. The idea of men kidnap-
ping negro.es in Africa and then encountering
the danger of being seized and found guilty of
piracyand punished as pirates, when they could
find no market for the negroes, no sale for them,
can only find lodgment in a vivid imagination.
_ No,Mr. President; this is simply a proposi-
tion to continue an appropriation of $12,000 a
year to pay men who are rendering -no service,
who have never rendered any service, who in
eight years have never held a court, never have
had a case, and never performed an act of
official duty, and if the appropriation was to
continue eight or twenty-eight years longer
this total absence of all pretense of the per-
formance of duty would continue as long.
. The proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin, that this appropriation shall be .sus-
pended,shall cease until the British Government
give some intimation of their desire that it
shouldbe continued, it seems to me, should re-
ceive the approbation not only of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, but of everybody
else. Why continue an appropriation to pay
salaries that have never been earned, that have
been paid annually for eight years without the
turning of a hand toward the rendering of
any duty, or service, if the British authorities
do not require that, the appropriation shall be
made ? X understand the amendment to be
simply that this appropriation is to be sus-
pended and to continue suspended until the
British authorities shall intimafajto the Gov-
ernment of the United States, a desire that the
appropriation should be continued ; and if that
is done, I understand that every gentleman
concedes the obligation of the Government to
continue the appropriation. But I have ho
belief that the British Government would ex-
press any- sueli foolish desire. The appropria-
tion would result in no-good. That it has had
any operation to drive the slave trade from,
the seas" and from tke coast of Africa I do not
believe. I have no.idea that it has had any
operation, any influence whatever in having
brought .this infamous traffic to an end.
- Mr. WHYTE. - .May.I ask the Senator one
question? -.
Mr. DAVIS, .Certainty.  
Mr. WHYTE. , Does-nOt the Senator know
that thjs trade was. carried on, up tp the very
time the war broke put, and that vessels were
condemned for leaving here, to engage in the
slave trade just before the war broke out in
this.-country V
Mr. DAVIS. Why so? Because there were
slave marts open up to the time the war broke
out. There is no slave mart now anywhere
for African slaves.
Mr. WHYTE. May I ask the Senator again,
were not those- vessels almost invariably des-
tined to Cuba? Did any vessels from the coast
of Africa bring slaves into the ports of the
United States? Were they not invariably
engaged in traffic between Cuba and the coast
of Africa?
- Mr. DAVIS. Recently they were; but an-
ciently-New England was engaged actively
and heavily and most lucratively in the slave
trade. The honorable Senators all know that
when the lair declaring that the slave trade
should cease in the year 1808 went into opera-
tion, all the slaves were owned by Rhode Island
and Massachusetts. In the one port of Provi-
dence there were over forty vessels engaged in
the slave trade. We all know just as well that
since this treaty was made by the two Govern-
ments there has not been a slaver fitted out
and flailing from the United States. The rea-
son which the honorable Senator' assigns why
the-slave trade ceased so suddenly may be true,
but the condition of things is greatly changed
since. There is no slave trade now allowed to
Brazil, as I understand. There is no slave
market in Cuba for Africans brought from the
African coast. There is no slave market any-
where in the United States, because slavery
does not exist here. There is no more a slave
market in Cuba now than if the Government
of Spain or the local authorities of Cubg, were
to declare that slavery should cease to exist in
that island to-morrow.
Sir, the idea of a slave trade without a slave
mart is an absurdity. It cannot possibly exist
without a slave market. There is now no
slave market anywhere in the world, and there
is no necessity, no reason whatever for continu-
ing this appropriation for any other purpose
than to give salaries to men who hold sine-
cures. Certainly there is no reason, at lea§t
no sensible reason, in my judgment, why the
proposition of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin should be voted, against. When
that is passed, if it should bo passed, and the
British authorities should intimate a desire that
this court should be kept up, not for any prac-
tical purpose, not for the performance of any
duties, not to make any adjudications or sen-
tences, not to inflict any penalties, not to exe-
cute any treaty, because the treaty has long
since ceased to have any practical operation,
but simply that half a dozen men may receive
salaries for rendering no service under the sun—
when the British Government express a de-
sire that such an appropriation shall be con-
tinued for that end, it will then be time enough
for the Congress of the United. States , tp
renew it.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like very much if
the Senator-from Wisconsin would adopt the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mary-
land, which I think meets the case. I agree
that the treaty has bean of no. use whatever,
and also that we are spending this money for
iio good purpose; but ! think we ought to take
proper measures to abrogate the contract, and
in order to accomplish that we should first see
whether the otjier party to the treaty is willing
to modify or terminate it. I think the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland m.eets the
case entirely. > By taking that course we do not
ferfeic our honor in any respect whatever. I
hope that proposition will be adopted.
The. ^RESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is1 on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin as amended.
.Mr. SUMNER. The, Senator from Mary-
l%nd,has suggested;a substitute for the amend-
ment . of the Senator from Wisconsin, and it
seems So me that substitute may harmonize
the-Senate. I should prefer that there were
no such thing attached-to this appropriation,
and th^t the whole matter were left to negotia-
tion; but :if.Senators desire to wake some
expression of opinion at this moment when
they are making the appropriation, I think the
form proposed by the Senator from Maryland
is preferable ; it has the least in it that is objec-
tionable. I really hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will accept it as a substitute for his
amendment, and thus we can close this discus-
sion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to pro-
long the discussion or to argue the question at
all. The form in which I have expressed the
amendment as a condition to the appropria-
tion is one which strikes my mind with more
force than the one proposed by the honorable
Senator from Maryland. I think the two prop-
ositions are somewhat different; and- yet the
one which I have offered reaches, it seems to
me, just, the point in this case. If these mixed
courts are obsolete and good for nothing the
President, under my amendment^ will apply to
the British .Government and ascertain what is
its wish, and if that Government is willing thsit
the courts shall be discontinued they will be at
once discontinued, and no money drawn to pay
these salaries; but if England thinks the courts
should be kept up, as we have made the agree-
ment to do so, we shall have to keep up the
courts and expend the money. That, it seems
to me, is the whole point in the case. It does
not violate the treaty; it does not compromit
us in our obligation, with England."
Mr. FOWLER.,, .1 ask the Senator from
Wisconsin if hi& amendment. does not retain
the judges and-refuse to'pay them? •
Mr., DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
• Mr, FOWLER. I, so understand it, and
that is the objection I have to it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that all that
the S.enator from Wisconsin has in view is com-
pletely accomplished by the proposition of the
Senator from Maryland, while the latter propo-
sition is not open to the objections which inay
be made to that of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. At any rate, I vyish to vote for it.
Mr. WHYTE. As the Senator from Wis-
consin will not accept the proposition which
I made, I now move it as a substitute for his
amendment.
The PRESIDENT jprofewipore. The propo-
sition of the Senator from Maryland has been
already read. Is its reading again called for?
The question is on the substitute offered by the
Senator from Maryland for the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DAVIS. I maintain that it is not in
order to offer that amendment as a substitute.
The Senator from Maryland may. move to
amend the amendment, but he cannot move to
remove the amendment and then offer his
amendment. He must retain a portion of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin to which to attach his own amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. He may strike out all after
the word "provided," forinstance, in the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin, and
move his.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to.the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maryland.
