1574:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
   " *
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which- the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROSS, (at ten
o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the House
adjdxrrned.
i , petitions, etp.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees:
• By Mr. BENTON: The petition of William
A. Parker, to be restored to the active list of
the Navy of'the United States.
By Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts: Petitions
of Daniel Bicketson and 37 others, of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, and Caroline C. Met-
calf and others, of Norton, Massachusetts,
praying for right of female suffrage.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 88 citizens
of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the Constitution of the United States may be
so amended as to acknowledge Almighty Ood
as the source of all authority and power in civil
government, and the Lord Jesus Christ as the
Ruler among the nations and His revealed will
as of supreme authority in order to constitute
a Christian Government.
By Mr. MOORHEAD : Two petitions from
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the Constitution be so amended
as to acknowledge Almighty God as the source
of all civil power.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25, 18C9.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
- On motion of Mr. DRAKE, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FERRY presented four memorials of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill for the relief
of Polly Hunt for the revival of an expired
patent for paper collars; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of the
president of the Pensacola and Louisville rail-
road, praying a grant of land to aid in rebuild-
ing that railroad ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of John W.
Smith and Priseilla Smith, of Columbia county,
Florida, praying compensation for property
destroyed during the late war by the public
enemy at Beaufort, South Carolina; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER presented resolutions of the
Board of Trade of Charleston, South Carolina,
remonstrating against the revival of extinct
provisions of bankrupt laws; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Charleston, South Carolina, in
favor of protection of private property at sea
during war; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
reports of committees. i
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Com- j
merce have had under consideration a petition i
of Perry McDonough Collins, praying the aid j
of the Government and the right of way for i
the erection of a telegraph by way of the North !
Pacific ocean to Asia and a survey and sound- :
ings of the proposed route, and have instructed |
me to report it back, a bill having been reported ;
on the subject, and ask that it lie on the table.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolutions, asked to be dis- i
charged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to:
A bill (H. R. No. 728) relating to the
Bureau of Steam Engineering in the Navy De-
partment ;
A bill (H. R. No. 616) extending the pro-
visions of the act of July 17, 1862, relating to
the naturalization of soldiers, to those who
enlisted in the naval and marine service of the
United States;
A bill (S. No. .590) to establish the assimi-
lated rank of the staff officers of the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 172) making further provision
for widows and heirs of officers of the Navy,
and for establishing naval life insurance ;
A bill (S. No. 44) to amend an act entitled
"An act to define the number and regulate
the appointment of officers in the Navy, and
for other purposes," approved July 25, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 833) for the reorganization
of the Navy of the United States ;
A bill (S. No. 750) to regulate the rank of
the medical staff of the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 749) to define and settle staff
rank in the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 720) to reorganize and in-
crease the efficiency of the medical depart-
ment of the Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 185) for the
relief of William B. Whiting, a captain, for-
merly a commander in the Navy of the United
States on the retired list;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 235) granting
prize money to any officer, seaman, marine,
landsman, or other person who served in the
Navy of the United States and was captured
in the line of his duty ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 98) for the pro-
motion of certain commodores on the retired
list to rear admirals on the retired list of the
Navy; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 342) for the
restoration of Commander Greenleaf Cilley
and Commander Aaron K. Hughes, United
States Navy, to the active list from the retired
list.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
225) authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
place a vessel at the disposal of the Commis-
sioners of Charities and Corrections of the
city of New York, to be used for the purposes
of a nautical school, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the following petitions, memo-
rials, letters, and reports, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; whict) |
was agreed to : j
The petition of Dr. Edward Delafield. pres- j
idont, and others, professors and students at I
the College of Physicians and Surgeons of the
city of New York, in favor of the bill for the
reorganization of the medical corps of the
Navy; !
The petition of the president, professors, and ;
students of medicine of the University of New
York, praying a reorganization of the medical '
department of the Navy of the United States ;
A petition of iron manufacturers and engi- '
neers of Baltimore, praying that the rank as- j
signed the engineers and other staff officers by i
the Isavy Department be confirmed by law of j
Congress, and a continuation of the system of ;
education of our naval engineers at the United ;
States Naval Academy; j
The petition of Hannah Tyndall, Hannah 1
Lewis, and Susan Phipic. praying that the .
widows and orphans of seamen, marines, sail- 1
ors, and others serving m the Navy of the
United States may receive the same benefit as i
now enjoyed by relatives of soldiers as regards
bounty;
The petition of the assistant professors of
the United States Naval Academy, praying an
increase of compensation;
The petition of R. B. Hitchcock, retired
commodore United States Navy, praying to be
allowed the rank of rear admiral in the Navy
on the retired list;
The petition of professors and students of
medicine at, the Jefferson Medical College of
Philadelphia, praying a reorganization of the
medical corps of the Navy ;
The petition of Cincinuatus W. Harper and
Clarence C. Harper, children and heirs-ut-law
of the late John Harper, deceased, praying
compensation for the use and occupation ot
their land by the United States Government
in the county of Norfolk and State of Virginia
for hospital and navy-yard purposes ;
The petition of E. R. Knorr, praying that
the plates bought from E. &. G. W. Blunt, by
the Secretary of the Navy for the Government
be destroyed, and that in place of them new
charts, not copies of the English, but improve-
ments on them, be prepared from all reliable
data;
The petition of William W. W. Wood and
John L. Lay, inventors of an improved torpedo
used in the destruction of the rebel ram Albe-
marle, praying compensation therefor;
The petition of William C. Hanford, praying
compensation for the invention of a machine
for the protection of vessels from being de-
stroyed by torpedoes;
The petition of John Guest, captain United
States Navy, praying the passage of the bill
(S. No. 172) making further provisions for
widows and heirs of officers of the Navy, and
for establishing naval life insurance ;
The petition of naval officers at League Isl-
and, praying relief for Mrs. Jane Dean Bishop,
widow of William S. Bishop, deceased, late a
surgeon in the Navy ;
The memorial of Henry 0. Mayo, surgeon
United States Navy, protesting against the pas-
sage of the bill making further provisions for
widows and heirs of officers of the Navy ani
for establishing naval life insurance ;
A memorial of line officers of the Navy, re-
monstrating against the passage of an act to
reorganize and increase the efficiency of the
medical department of the Navy;
A memorial of J. M. Muller, in relation to
an improvement in steam engines ;
The memorial of William B. Whiting, cap-
tain United States Navy, praying that Congress
confer upon Rear Admiral Charles Stewart
the title of admiral upon the retired list;
The memorial of medical officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy, prajing the passage of an act
to reorganize and increase the efficiency of the
medical department of the Navy;
The memorial of J. H. C. Coffin, professor
of mathematics in the United States Navy,
&c., praying that his pay may be made equal to
that of a captain in the Navy on shore duty;
The memorial of a committee of the Amer-
ican Medical Association, praying the enact-
ment of a law to secure to the members of the
medical and surgical staff of the Navy au equal
distribution of prize money ;
A memorial of American citizens residing in
Japan, praying that the conduct of Captain
David McDougal, of the United States steamer
Wyoming, in the affair with the Japanese ships
and batteries at Simonoseki, may be suitably
recognized by our Government;
A report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in obedience to law, information
in relation to the sale of the vessels Catawba
and Oneota;
A letter of David D. Porter, vice admiral
United States Navy, in relation to the applica-
tion of Commander B. B. Taylor for a higher
rank in the Navy ; and
A letterof James Park, jr., to Hon. George
F. Edmunds, in relation to the testing of cast-
steel for steam boiler purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post ,
Ollices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 74) to promote greater effi-
ciency in the postal service on the Pacific
coast, asked to be discharged from its farther
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 956) to establish
and declare the railroad and bridges of the
New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company, as hereafter constructed, west-
ward from the city of New Orleans, a post road,
