THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
I
fifcle basin ess. As I have stated, the Hudson
Bay Company import almost aH their goods
through NewYork and through Minnesota up
into Selkirk by that route, and it very frequently
happens that the necessary certificates which
the Treasury Department require upon the
bonds are not to be had because of the absence
of the proper officer. I imagine there can be no
objection to so small a, proposition as this.
' Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a subject
that does not belong to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.1 So far as the appropriation is
concerned, the salary, it is well enough as com-
pared with that of other consuls; but whether
this office is needed or not is a question that
■belongs either to the Committee on Commerce
or the Committee'on, Foreign Relations.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Com-
merce recommend the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They do recom-
mend it?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir. I have the con-
sent of a majority of the Committee on Com-
merce to offer it. I imagine the Senate, from
what I have said, will appreciate the importance
of this proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. „ 1 move to strike out the
consulate at Moscow, in Russia. I see that we
ay the consul there a salary of $2,100, and,
is fees amounted to $40 75 ; and from my
own experience I am satisfied that no consul
is needed there.
The PRE8 1D li N T pro tempore. Theamend
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 5, line ninety-nine, schedule B, to strike
out "Moscow."
Mr. SUMNER. I ask whether that is desir-
able, if the Senator will give the reason ?
Mr. CAMERON. I was trying tp do so.
The reasons are, that there is really no busi-
ness there, and the consul returns the fees at
$40 75. From my own observation when I
was in the city of Moscow, I was satisfied that
there was no business there for a consul, and
no consul needed. Besides, the compensation,
$2,100, is entirely too small for a man to live
there properly. Be is compelled to live in
such a condition that he is of no service to the
country socially or in any other way. I my-
self recommended in one of my dispatches
that that consulate and the one at St. Peters-
burg, and three or four others that I do not
now remember, should ba concentrated, but it
has not been done. I say toere is no use for a
eonsul at the city of Moscow. He cannot be
of any service at all. It is just adding to the
number of correspondents with the State De-
partment, and just giving away $2,100 a year.
Mr. SUMNER. The salary, I understand,
is $2,000.
Mr. CAMERON. Two thousand one hun-
dred dollars, I see by the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senatorany official
information with regard to that position?
Mr. CAMERON. The official information
is, that I saw the consnl and the consulate when
I had an official position in Russia, and I satis-
fied myself then that the office was utterly use-
less. I know that several persons have been
sent out since, but have returned almost im-
mediately because they could not live there oil
the salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Our consul tnere at this
moment, I believe, is a very estimable gentle-
man, indeed, who does us credit in Russia. I
speak of him freely, for I had nothing to do
with appointing him or recommending him.
He comes from New York, I think. Bat he
is ft gentleman who had already given a good
deal of attention to Russian literature, and
while there I believe he has continued his
studies in the Russian language and literature
and has made himself very acceptable to the
G overnment; My attention has not been called
to this case; I was not aware that any such
motion would be made; and therefore I con-
fess I have no special information in regard to
the business exigencies of that ptaee. Rut I
submit to my friend- that I woiitd hesitate to
strike this out now unless I had official inform-
ation with regard to the actual condition of
things there at the present time. I do not wish
to make any question with my friend, and I
defer very much to his observation when he
was there some years ago; but since then some
time has passed; internal commerce in Russia
is increasing; modes of communication, the
Senator is aware, are extending, and there
■may be reasons for a representation of our
Government at Moscow .now which did not
exist when the Senator was there.
Mr; CAMERON. The Senatpr is right in
saying what did not occur to my mind until
he recalled it to my recollection, that the gen-
tleman now at Moscow is a man of culture and
high literary attainments, who before he left
this country had become well versed in Rus-
sian literature. He went there, too, I remem-
ber, for the purpose of perfecting his knowl-
edge on such subjects. The appointment was
a, compliment to him, and gave him official
position there. I believe if it had occurred to
my mind who was there I should not have
made the motion ; but still the argument is
fair and correct that we have no employment
for a consul at Moscow-.
, Mr, SUMNER. 'I would ask my friend,
after broaching this question as he has, would
it not'be better for hin^ tp 'hand it over to the
next administration? Let.the next adminis-
tration, having its attention called to this point,
consider it; and if there is no need of a con-
sul there I trust the next administration will
be sufficiently studious of economy to recom-
mend the abolition of the office.
Mr. CAMERON. I doubt whether the next
administration will thank us for turning so
much over to them. I find that that is the
most convenient way of getting clear of un-
pleasant business. But I really am embar-
rassed, because I remember very well that that
gentleman called upon me and I gave him
some letters there, and perhaps recommended
him for the place, believing him to be far
superior to anybody who had gone there be-
fore, and I dislike to do anything which would
look like pointing to him or striking at him ;
and I am almost inclined to withdraw my
motion for that reason. I think I shall do so;
but the argument, I insist upon it, is correct,
that you do not want a consul there.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we shall all -take
notice from the Senator's motion.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. POMERO Y. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come in as an additional sectionatthe
end of the- bill.
pers0-val explanation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to interrupt the
proceedings on this bill for a moment for the
purpose of calling attention to a statement
that was inade by a member of the House of
Representatives yesterday, on which I- desire
to .gay a word. I ask the Clerk to read,the
passage I have marked.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
question of privilege. The extract will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read from the Globe of
to-day the following extract from a speech by
Mr. Niblack, in the House of Representatives
yesterday:
" Why, sir. as evidence of the absurdity of that
tenure-of-office law, which the dominant party passed
over the veto of the President, there is a postmaster
of Portland, Oregon, now in the State prison for
peculation in office, and yet the President cannot
remove him because it does not suit the convenience
of the Senate of the United States to allow his re-
moval, relying upon the power which is conferred
upon that bony by the teiiure-of-oiiioe law."
Mr. WILLIAMS. To show the falsity of
that statement, I wish to say that when the
postmaster at Portland was charged with an
offense he was immediately suspended and
the office put'into the hands of another person.
In a few days he was tried and convicted. On
the same day' the fact of his conviction was
telegraphed to Washington, and in a day or
two afterward his successor was nominated by
the President, sent into the Senate, and on the
same day that the nomination was sent into the
Senate it was confirmed at once without even
a reference to a committee. That was all done
some time ago. I make no eomment upon the
statement.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is not in
order to refer to the debates in the House of
Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. As the subject is Bp, it will
not Ke considered improper for me to address
an inquiry to the Senator from Oregon and a
committee of which be is a member. At an
early day this session a bill came herefrom
the House' of Representatives repealing the
tenure-of-office act that haa given occasion tc
the remarks of the Senator, and will probably
be the occasion of remarks in the future. It
was referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, of which the Senator is a distinguished!
member. I desire to be informed by the Sena-
ator when it is proposed' by that committee to
call it to the,attention of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
departure from the business properly before
the Seriate. ,
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to give notice, then>
that if that committee does not call it up I
shall do so at an early day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not the chairman
of that committee, and the bill is in his charge.
I presume he will call it up for the action of
the Senate as soon as he can obtain an oppor-
tunity,. ' But that is altogether foreign to the
statement which I made. I simply made the
statement to show that this was an improper
reflection upon the integrity of the Senate for
a member to assert that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States was keeping a man in office who had
been convicted of crime and confined in the
penitentiary, and that the President wasnotabls
to remove jhim on account of,the tenure-of-
office act. " I simply wished to contradict that
St^t6!H6Dt
Mr. FOWLER. The facts in the particular
case referred to may be as stated by the Senator
from Oregon } hut nevertheless itdoesnotal er
the operation of the law. The operation of the
law is precisely a^s has been stated in the extract
which has been read. I believe there are in-
stances where suspensions have taken place
and the papers have been forwarded to the
Senate, apd we did not concur in the action o£
the Executive until after the individuals had
been sent to the penitentiary. The operation
of the law is precisely as is stated there. The
President could not re,move such officers even
if they were sentenced to the penitentiary.
consular anp diplomatic appropriations.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the,consideration of the bill (H. li.
No. 1570) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of Juue, 1870,
and for other purposes.
The PRESII)ENT_pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kansas [Mr.
Pomeroy] will be read.'
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert a's:an additional section the fol-
lowing:
And be it further enacted, That all persons repre-
senting this Government abroad as consuls, consular
agents, or vice consuls, with salary or fees, who are
not native born or naturalized citizens, such persons
shall be dismissed after thirty days from the pus-sage
of this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I offered a similar propo-
sition last year; but it was withdrawn then on
the understanding that there were but a few
such cases, and that they would not be con-
tinued. But I find that they have been con-
tinued, and I do not know but that they will be
for all time to come. We have consuls abroad
who are neither native-born nor naturalized
citizens, doing business as merchants under our
flag, who are not citizens in any respect. There
areonlyafewsnehinstances, I know; butlthink
it ought not to be allowed in a single instance.
I am willing that a naturalized citizen shall
have all the rights of a native-born citizen, but
