1869.
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I insist that he shall be a citizen if he is tcrdo
the business of this Government under our flag
abroad. - That is all I mean by the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The general
purpose of the Senator from Kansas is no
doubt correct; but in many instances it will
be rather impracticable. There are some
places at which the Governmentof the United
States requires consuls where neither the fees
nor the salary will justify an American-born
citizen of a naturalized citizen of the United
States in going there to'accept the office. In
such cases it would be i mpossible for us to have
any person representing us unless we employed
a foreigner.
Mr. POMEROY. That statement was made
last year, and I tried to ascertain who there
"vstes abroad as a consular officer that paid any-
thinginto theTreasury of this Government in the
shape of fees who was not a citizen; and I found
that there was not one. There are a few—
three or four persons—who have been continued
from time immemorial almost as consuls of the
United States abroad who are not citizens in
any respect, either native or adopted-; and yet
we have Americans who' are Citizens of the
United States living in those sailie places Who
cannot get these appointments when they seek
them. There is not a port abroad now at
which you cannot find an American. Ameri-
cans are all over the world. " There is not a
place where we have a consulate which is col-
lecting anything in the shape of fees—I have
examined nearly all of them; all that my at-
tention has been called to; and I have had
se-vera? letters during the year on the subject—
1 do not believe there is a place where we have
a foreigner as a consul, doing business under
our flag, where we cannot find plenty of Ameri-
cans, native-born or naturalized citizens, who
would be glad of an opportunity to discharge
those duties, and abundantly competent to do
so. It is not to be supposed that men who
have no relations to us are any more compe-
tent than those wh'o have; and I am for the
American-citizen, at home and abroad. For
One, 1 would not appoint a foreigner as a con-
sul, nor would I sanction a law that allowed
him to take either fees or, salary.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it would be un-
wise to make this limitation, for the reason that
In many ports abroad we cannot find Ameri-
can citizens fitted for these places who are
willing to perform the duties. In all the little
ports along the Mediterranean you have con-
suls, generally at a very low compensation,
derived from fees, who are citizens of the
country, doing some small business by which
they are enabled, with the small compensa-
tion they get as consuls,' to perform the duties
of that office, while citizens Of the United
States going there could not serve for the com-
pensation-allowed by law. As a general thing
my experience is that our'eonsuls get too lit-
tle. We scarcely pay enough to get the proper
sort of men to accept the positions'. It rs true
you will find men in thi^ country who' are na-
tives of other countries who would be glad to
go back to their native land as consuls, be-
cause it gives them an official position- above
anything they had when they left their old
country, arid because it gives them 'some dis-
tinction among their neighbors when they go
back. Such people will take a consulate almost
anywhere, especially in the German States.
It is not so easy, however, along the Medi-
terranean, where they speak only the Italian
and hind-red languages, to get people living
here who are willing to go there and occupy
those places. -Besides, a citizen of the United
States traveling abroad could not be a consul,
or one going there only for a year or two to
reside could not properly be a consul; at least
he could not be a good consul, so as to be of
service to the commercial people of our coun-
try who are there dealing. I trust the amend-
ment will not be itiade.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the
amendment reported again.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish that that could be
the law ; but from what I know, unless I am
very much misinformed, it is not practicable.
I remember that it was moved on a former
occasion, and I then made a statement, or an'
illustration. For instance, take, I think it is,
the port of Falmouth; in England. There is
a family there, a Quakerfamily, 1 believe 
Mr. POMEROY. I withdrew the amend-
ment last year on that suggestion of the Sen-
ator, but I have investigated the ease since
then, and found' out that there is no reason
why the proposition cannot become a law.
Mr. SUMNER. Has the Senator looked
into this very case to which I refer?
Mr. POMEROY. Not personally; but a
gentleman who has been abroad has informed
me about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The case to
which I refer is this : there is a Quakerfamily,.
I believe of the name of Fox, that have-ex-
ercised the consular functions for the United
States at Falmouth, in England, ever since our
Revolution. It is a port where there is com-
paratively little commerce, not enough to sus-
tain a consul who goes there expressly for that
purpose, nor business enough to interest an
American citizen. What, then, shall be done ?
Shall we go without consular "representation,
or shall we confide this trust to a foreigner'/
That is the dilemma of the Government. That
is one of the cases which I give as illustrations.
The Senatorfrom Pennsylvania has referred to
the consulates on the Mediterranean coast. I
think there are some also in the interior of Ger-
many—there were, 1 know, formerly—where
it would be very difficult, if not impossible, to
place an American citizen. The practical ques-
tion, then, is whether you will by legislation
actually prevent the performance of consular
duties in any port or place where it may be
desirable to have them performed. I think the
proposition had better notbeadopted. I think
we had better -go on as we have gone on now
for two or three generations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word. It may be very doubtful whether
what the Senator from Kansas tries to effect
could be accomplished if Congress were dis-
posed to attempt to exercise the authority.
These consular and diplomatic agents are not
created by law. They are provided for in the
Constitution. They do not exist by the con-
sent of Congress or by permission of Congress.
They are absolutely independent of Congress
except as to their salaries. In the second sec
tion of the second article of the Constitution
it is provided that—
"He (the President] shall nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint, embassadors, other public ministers, and
consuls." '
I find in Brightley's Digest a note to this
clause containing a reference to one of the
opinions of the Attorneys General, as- follows
"It belongs exclusively to the President, by and
wiih the advice and consent, of the Senate, to n -
pointconsutar officers at such plaGes as he and they
deem to be meet. They are officers created by the
Constitution and the laws of nations, not by acts of
Congress."
If that is a sound opinion otherwise, then
of course all this legislation on the subject of
who may or who may not be a consul abroad
is ehtirely'foreign to the functions of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment in no
way limits the power of the Presidentover the
question of appointment, unless the President
has the power, under our Constitution, to ap-
point persons from other nations to discharge
the duties of American citizens. I doubt
whether there is any such power in the Con-
stitution, or whether it was intended that for-
eigners should be either elected or appointed
to any office under this Government. I do not
believe it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
limitation on the power.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment, if
adopted, only defines the class of persona
from whom the President-may select—requires
that they shall be citizens of the United States.
I had occasion during the year to investigate,
through a friend who has been abro.'i/l. -the
very case to which the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts refers. I find there are plenty of Amer-
ican citizens at Falmouth who are not only
willing but would be glad to discharge tire
duties of consul at that place. I hare given
the matter some attention during the year, and
I undertake to say that there is not a port at
which we have a consul where there are not
American citizens or plenty who would go
there if they could get the appointment;" As
& matter of fact generally they are there now.
Our people are living all over the world.
Men who have small fixed incomes find it
cheaper to live abroad. They are over there;
and, they are citizens of the United States. If
it is notany object to be a citizen of.theJJnited
States, then we may as well give our offices to
foreigners; bqt I apprehend thftt that idea is
wrong in principle as well as bad in practice.
There is no great importance attached to this
matter, because these consulates are smaH
ones and do not amountto much; but the prece-
dent is bad; the influence it exerts abroad is
bad, to have a foreigner run tip the AtneiS
ican flag and claim to he a consul of thfe United
States, and yet owe no allegiance to this coun-
try, having no relations to our Government,
but under the highest possible obligations to
some foreign Government that maybe opposed
to us, and yet he be continued in office., I
insist that we shall at least have a vote on the
amendment, and sge whether it is in hatmouy
with the sense of the Senate or not. I with-
drew it last year, but I desire now to obtain a
vote upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one more ob-
servation, which is this: I think We had better
leave this subject still to the discretion of the
Administration. If there is a proper American
citizen at Falmouth, or anywhere else, and
there is evidence of his desire for this place,
or his willingness to take it, I have no doubt
that the Administration would be glad to ap-
point him. There is no fear that the Adminis-
tration will not appoint an American citiz'en.
But I would not interpose an impediment to
the supply of consular service. That, I fear,
the proposition of my friend may do.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, too, that
in tny experience these consulates have never
been refused to American citizens who were
willing to take them. But the objection to the
amendment of the Senator from' Kansas is that
the salaries of many of these consulates ruti
down to three, four, or five hundred dollars,
some not so much, and that derived from fees;
and you cannot get American citizens to leave
their homes and go and reside at those places,
nor would you probably find any American
fitted for the position willing to do the'duties
for so small a compensation. Almost all the
consuls abroad are American citizens.' Cer-
tainly that is the case in every place where the
compensation is at all adequate to the labors
performed ; and foreigners have only been se-
lected where American citizens could not be
found qualified to perform the dnties, or will-
ing to perform them for the salaries provided
by law. Now, if you restrict the Government
from the appointment of foreigners you will be
compelled to close your consulates in many
small places for the very reason that no Ameri-
can will be willing to go. there and. do the duty.
I know the practice was, when 1 knew some-
thing of the Administration, to give these con-
sulates to American citizens whenever they
would ask for them. Tbereis a wrong im-
pression all- over the country with regard to the
compensation of consuls. I get letters very
frequently from persons anxious to get con-
sulates abroad ; but when I send them the list
of consulates and their salaries they find at
once that--they are not the places that they
sought for.
T am Unwilling that the impression should be
made that 1 want to keep Americans from occu-
pying any place they are willing and competent
to take ; but at, the same time I am unwilling
to embarrass the Government in the selection
of persons to take care of the commerce of my
country. I can see no good to arise from the
