1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joiut resolution (H. R. No.
140) for the relief of James C. Sloo, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
■which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the American
Colonization Society, praying that the Post-
master General be authorized to contract with
that society to carry the mails to Liberia, and
.that the society be paid $100 for every person
of color who shall voluntarily go to Liberia
under its auspices, asked to be discharged from
jits further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
45) for the relief of Benjamin F. Small, post-
master at Carson City, State of Nevada, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills, reported them severally with amend-
ments :
A bill (S. No. 563) for the preservation of
the harbors of the United States against en-
croachment ;
A bill (S. No. 916) to establish lines of
American steamships between the United
States of America and Europe : and
A bill (S. No. 934) to provide for the im-
provement of the river, bay, and harbor of
Mobile, in the State of Alabama.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred papers relating
to the claim of Joshua Hill, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied bya bill (S. No. 970) for
the relief of Joshua Hill; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1063) for the
relief of Henry Barricklow, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Michigan will allow me, I ask that that bill be
passed now. It is one about which there can
be no controversy.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me get through with
my reports.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom were referred the papers in
relation to the claim of O. P. Cobb and Christie
& Co., reported a joint resolution (S. R. No.
237) to refer the claim of 0. P. Cobb and others
to the Court of Claims; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Miller, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 971) for the relief of Samuel Miller, of
Campbell county, Virginia; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
bill introduced.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
974) granting laud to aid in rebuilding the
Peusacola and Louisville railroad ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
miss clara barton's report.
Mr. GRIMES. On the 10th of March, 1866,
Congress appropriated $15,000 for the reim-
bursement of expenses incurred by Miss Clara
Barton in endeavoring to discover missing
soldiers of the Army of the United States. I
hold in my hand, and ask leave to present to
the Senate, a very interesting report made by
her, showing how that, purpose of Congress has
been executed. I move that a thousand extia
copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
That motion, of course, will go to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
referred to that committee, under the rule.
taxes on naval machinery.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1327.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1327) to amend
an act entitled "An act to exempt certain man-
ufactures from internal tax, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 31, 1868.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with amendments. The amendments were in
line five to strike out the word "so;" in line six
after the word "thereof" to insert the word
"so;" andalsotostrikeoutthewords "allow to
manufacturers of naval machinery for the Gov-
ernment all the benefits conferred by said act
upon other manufacturers and" and to insert
the word "remit" in lieu thereof; and at the
end of the bill to strike out the words "are
hereby remitted ;" so that the bill, if amended,
will read:
That the act to exempt certain manufactures
from internal tax, and tor other purposes, approved
March 31, 1S68, be, and hereby is, amended in the
second scction thereof so as to remit all taxes upon
such naval machinery which had not accrued prior
to the 1st day ot April, 1868.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be necessary, to
make the bill grammatical in its phraseology,
to strike out the word "such," in-the ninth
line ; and I make that motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the bill read again as amended. It is short.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend by
adding the following, to come in at the end of
the bill:
And that the tax heretofore collected on such ma-
chinery corresponding to that remitted by this act be,
and the same is hereby, remitted.
If this bill is to pass, it is manifest, I think,
that those persons who paid the tax on the naval
machinery which was used during the war ought
to have the benefit of it, if we are to remit the
tax in favor of those who have not paid. In
fact, the persons who complied with their con-
tracts and delivered their machinery are in a
worse condition than those who did not. Those
who did not comply are to have the benefit of
the remission of the tax upon the machinery
imported, while those who fulfilled their agree-
ments and paid up the tax and conformed to
the requirements of the contract are not to
iuu e the benefit of the act. 1 hope the amend-
ment 1 have suggested will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is every
reason, and very much better reason if this bill
is to pass at ail, why, as the Senator from Illi-
nois says, those who have already paid on their ;
contracts should have the benefit of the act.
I do not think that either of them ought to
have it. I know one argument is made in
favor of these men that in consequence of the
change of system and the lapse of time, &c.,
labor cost them more. That is their own fault,
in a very great measure, simply because they
did not perform their contracts. They dragged
along 1'or several years with the contracts not
performed; and labor and materials became
more expensive than they were before. Thus
they suffered in consequence of their own de-
lay. The others did not suffer so much be-
cause they were prompt in performing their
contracts. Now, if any distinction is to be
made at all, it should be in favor of those who
performed their contracts in time, as the Sen-
ator from Illinois suggests^ But this matter
has been debated once fully in the Senate, and ;
the Senate has decided it; and I do not see
any reason why the remission should be made
in either case. In fact, the amount is paid by
the Government; and there is no escaping from
the fact that in the contracts which were made
this tax was included, to be paid by the Gov-
ernment; and the Government has paid it, in
point of fact, by its addition to the price of the
contracts where the contracts have been per-
formed. Where they have not been performed,
or were not performed until a late day, the :
matter stands in precisely the same way, and
the parties should not be allowed to avail them-
selves of their own neglect, and to claim that
this amount should be refunded to them by
way of making up to them what they lost in
the increased value of materials, &c., occa-
sioned by their own laches in not performing
their contracts when they should have per-
formed them. That is the way I look at it,
and I hope the bill will not pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose partic-
ularly to controvert the correctness of the
suggestion made by the Senator from Illinois,
but this bill, including the amendment which
he has proposed, was submitted to the House
of Representatives, and that portion of the bill
was stricken out and it passed the House, allow-
ing these contractors to have the tax remitted
upon all machinery that is not now completed
or delivered. In that shape the bill passed the
House, and these contractors so far as I Enow,
anticipating that an amendment like that pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois would wholly
defeat the bill, are content to take it as it came
from the House. Therefore I hope the bill will
not be amended as proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, because at this time of course it
will inevitably defeat the bill.
The House has decided upon this bill not to
refund the tax that has already been paid the
Government, but to remit the tax that is not
now collected, which is altogether a different
thing from that proposed by the Senator from
Illinois. It is one thing to pay back taxes
that have been collected, and it is another and
a different thing to remit taxes that have not
yet been collected.
So far as the objection made by the Senator
from Maine is concerned, it is evident that if
these taxes are remitted these contractors must
inevitably suffer loss in the construction of this
machinery; and that fact has been demon-
strated to the Senate, because on a former
occasion there was evidence here to the effect
that they had lost forty per cent, upon the con-
tracts which tliey had made, and the Senate
passed a bill for their relief upon the ground
that they had sustained loss in consequence
of the contracts which they had made for the
construction of this machinery.
These contracts were made in 1863, and any
one who will refer to the prices of labor and
materials subsequent to that time will see that
these men must inevitably have lost upon these
contracts. For instance, in January, 1863, bar
iron was worth ninety-two and a halt cents, and
in 1864, the next year, it was worth $1 30.
There was so much rise upon that particular
material. Common iron was worth eighty cents
in January. 1863.
Mr. GHIMB3. Where do you get that from?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I get.it from a statement
that is furnished of the different prices at that
time, and 1 suppose there is no question about
that. Any man acquainted with the history of
this country knows that materials were higher
in 1864, wages were higher in 1864, than they
were in 1863, and gold was a good deal higher
ill 1864 than it was in 1863.
Under such circumstances these persons who
had contracted to build this machinery and had
devoted their establishments to that business
could not take custom work and contract ac-
cording to the prices that might rule at the
time the application was made for custom work,
but having made these contracts in 1863 they
were compelled to go forward and complete
them and to pay the increased price lor all
sorts of materials and for labor, and in that
way they sustained losses ; and the Senate has
decided that they sustained losses in that way.
It is said that these contracts were made with
a view to this tax. That is true ol all contracts
that were made prior to the date when the law
was repealed putting tax upon manufactures in
this country. Senators advocated here a bill
to repeal the tax on manufactures; they struck
down millions of taxes at a single blow and
relieved the manufactures of the country ; but
ill (his particular case there was an exception
made Now. it is perhaps difficult to ascertain
the exact amount to be affected by this act if
it passes; but I have an estimate from the Com-
