THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Febrmiivf &,
Amendment! • I twill induce ;more people to-go
abroad to -fill: these positions, las I saw many
iwhsn I was-ia Europe, who had gonetherey not
dtBquiring about the .salaries, and then found
jtkeisselyeB unable to return home -without
iassistance from their American friends whom
.-they met, after finding them&elves disappointed
sin: the amall salaries they received tor these
•positions. -
, a Mr. BUCKALE W. The1 twenty-first section
af the act- of the I8th of August, 1856, regulat-
ing the appointment of consuls, reads as follows:
• "No compensation provided by this act for any
;Sueh offioer as is mentioned in the first section of this
act, or for .any assistant secretary of legation, or for
a"ny other officer as is mentioned in schedules'B and
C Of- the third section of-this "act, or any appropria-
,-tioa therefor, shall be applicable to the payment of
,'tho eomji,«psation of any persons, appointed to or
holding: any such office altai-this act Eh all take effect
Who shall not.be Milken of the United States: nor
4h'allttnj!.<tth?r opsdpensatioji.be allowed in any such
«tus.e.f
JL understand fiat that law is in force'yet. .
Mr. POM!ER0Y. That, law is in force I
ia,vp.\no doubt; but i,t has not corrected the
evil nevertheless, because it has not been held
to apply to,those particular cases. •
i ,In reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania
rp|i.,Cameron} I wish tQ.say that ten or fifteen
jteat£,ago.the state.of facts that,he relates did
.exiistj'-bujt it is not so„now. The .time .was
.^then, there,were but few Americans abroad;
but to-day you come across an American abroad
as often as you, come acr&ss a person of any
. other nationality; and Americans who are liv-
ing abroad would be glad of a salary o,f three
Qr four hundred dollars to help to meet their
.expenses, living on fixed incomes as they do,
so that they are obliged to economize. I have
Bad, occasion to examine every instance that I
have known or could learn anything about of
the eraplpyment of a foreigner as consul, and
Ifind there is not a case where it is necessary.
This Fox case at Falmouth is a notorious one.
There is not a single case of that sort where
there are not Americans who would be'glad to
take the places, and they ought to have them;
and yet, these persons have been continued in
office for. years. I hope we shall have a vote
upon the amendment. ,
Mr. DAVIS. I felt the force of the objec-
tion made by the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Air. Cameron] to the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Kansas, [Mr. Pomekoy;] but it, is
possible, that the most of that objection might
pe removed if the honorable Senator would
introduce a provision that would secure these
.consulships to American citizens, without
regard to race, color, sex, or former condition.
[Laughter.]
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator froin
Kansas.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
attended, and the amendments were concurred
in.- The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The. bill waB read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. JR. No.
1850) to establish a certain post road in the
State of Connecticut, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
OKDBIi OF BUSINESS.
Mf; STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed'to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 402, proposing an amendment
"to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to move to take
up the currency bill, which has already been
partially considered and debated. This reso-
lution which has jtist come from the House of
Representatives is 'different somewhat in its
terms from the resolution we have been debat-
ing, and it probably has not yet beeh .referred.
I wish now to get the deliberate-sense of the
Senate whether or not they intend to consider
the. currency bill. If it is the pleasure o£,the
majority 'of the Senate not to consider that bill
at this session it ought to be determined. .The
-Committee'on Finance have, after-considerable
labor", reported the bill, and if it is to be de-
bated -and acted upon it ought to be taken up
no*. The' constitutional amendment is- an
amendment of a single clause which has already
passedthe'Houseof Representatives, while this
currency bill is a Senate bill, and in some form
I think the-Senfetors will all agree that it must
be passed.There are certain sections of the
billvthht will meet with very-little opposition.
It seems to me we had better take up the' cur-
rency bill now and proceed with tie debate
npon it until the matter is closed, until the
Senate shallhaveacted upon any measure whieh
they may agree upon and send it-to the other
House. The Senator from Nevada has rather
.crowded in this.constitutional amendment after
akind of agreement thatthree days should be
set'apartf'or thecurreaCy bill. T voted myself
to make the proposition that was before the
•Senate a special order—this is. a new question
entirely—with the expectation and with, a kind
.of 'understanding that three days should be
.taken to debate and dispose of the currency
question. I trust, therefore, that the Senator
will allow me to submit a motion to take up the
.currency bill, and then it can lieover informally
until to-morrow at one o'clock, and thedebate
on the bill may proceed, until we close it.'
Mr. STEWART. I hope that course will
not be pursued. The constitutional amend-
ment was the subject before the Seriate iast
week, and it was put aside for thepurpese ®f
taking up the appropriation bills. It was sup-
posed that they would occupy but one day,
and that at the end of that time the constitu-
tional amendment would be here from the
House of Representatives. The House propo-
sition- did come here on that day; but we have
occupied three days on the appropriation bills.
If the constitutional amendment is to be acted
upon at all, every Senator will see that it
should be acted upon now. It cannot be acted
upon too early.
Mr. MORION. I have favored taking up
the financial bill every time it has been pro-
posed ; but I think there are certain, reasons
which we can all comprehend why this consti-
- tutional amendment, if it is to be acted upon
at all at this session, ought to be acted upon
immediately. The Legislatures of most of the
States are now in session; the sessions of
many of them will not last very long; and if
this constitutional amendment is to be passed
I hope it will be passed in time to have the
ratification take place this winter or early this,
spring. It is not one of those questions that
we care about having hang over until the elec-
tion of 1870 or 1872. I believe that if this
amendment, is passed in proper form in the
course of a few days its ratification can be
completed by the middle of next, March; but
if it shall be delayed for a few days longer its
ratification this winter or this spring will be
impossible,' and it will remain as one of the
distracting elements in politics for times to
comes -Therefore I am in favor of having it
supersede every other question for the time
being until it is disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The session
of Congress will not last long; and it seems
to me that unless we act upon some of the finan-
cial propositions befpre us we are to give them
the go-by for this year. Now, it is plain that
there are several propositions before the Sen-
ate that will be agreed to if the Senate can
reach a vote upon them, and I think, so far as
the expression of the country is concerned, it
has warned us with greater force that there
should b? action upon the financial question
than upon any other subject whatever. I trust,
therefore, we shall take up that«subject as soon
as possible.
Mr. CORBETT. It s'cems to me that the
bill introduced by the Senator from Ohio is an
all-important question for the people of the
country at this time. When we are drifting
away from the sound currenoy that should
exist, and when we are getting further from the I
- land-marks every day, it.seems to me-we should
take up that .question and dispose of it.. This
question of suffrage is one that has been before
the country for a long time, and I think that
the- fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution will save the country for a little
while longer. The subject of the currency is
one that we must meet and must dispose of.
It is more important to the people-r-more im-
■portant to every ene who is living upon a salary
and who finds that he is unable to support him-
self upon that- salary owing to the inflated cur-
rency—than a,ny other question. It is a ques-
tion, that affects; every poor man, and we must
meet it, or else we must take the consequence.
Sir, the-people of the country desire us to acS
upon .that question. I 'believe it is the most
important question .now to- be brought -before
us. We.shpuld-.take up that bill,at .once and
proceed to (Jiscns? it; and I •propose, if the
.Senate will giv.e jne an opportunity, to-moryow
to address-the fjenate.npon the subject- X
been prepare^ to do so for. the past week, and
should like to have, that privilege to-morrow
morning. - .
Mr. DRAKE. I hope, sir; that the consid-
eration of the constitutional amendment will
be gone into jat ©nee. Questions of finance can
be-disposed of at any time' by a -vote- of a ma-
jority of the .two Houses of Congress. We are
to have a session in the month of March, when,
if the questions of finance are not disposed of
now, they can be disposed of by a majority
vote of; the > two Houses. This constitutiouat
amendment-can only be disposed of by a two-
thirds vote ; and it may be that in the next
Congress, in the House of Representatives,
there may nqb b.e a two-thirds vote to pass the
constitutional amendment. The mere matter
of inconvenience to people for a ,,few weeks,
more or less, withregard.to money, is a -matter
of small consequence, in my opinion, considered
alongside of the projposition of establishing
the rights of man in.tnis country, from one end
of it to the otjier. I hope that the proposition
of the Senator from Nevada, to take up this
resolution from the House, will be agreed to ;
and upon that question I call for the yeas and
nays.
Sir. MORTON. I understand that the Legist
lature of Kansas will probably adjourn on the
17th of' February; the Legislature of Nevada
in a trout three weeks, I understand from the
Senator.
Mr, STBWA-&S!. The 1st of March. That
is the ordinary time.
Mr, MORTON. The Legislature oflndiatia
will adjourn, I think, by the expiration of the
Constitutional term of session, on the 6th of
March; and unless we act upon this amend-
ment-speedily it cannot be ratified during this
winter or during the course of the coming
spring, and the final adoption of it may be put
in hazard. I- think, sir, there are reasons why
we should give it preference over every other
question at this time.
_ The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the joint ressolution for
consideration, on which question the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ^ordered,
Mr. GRIMES. What is it proposed to take
up ? - , ,
_ The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the-joint resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Nevada, being tho
constitutional amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Ohio moved -to take up his bill.
.. Mr; SHERMAN. I cannot amend this
motion, according to the decision of the Chair,
butif it isvoteddown I shall immediately move
to -take np the currency bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS, x suppose every Senator
who votes against this motion so votes.with a
view to taking, up the finance bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It'is a question between
the_ two bills, and I should like to have .the
deliberate sense of the Senate. as to. which
shall be talfen up. - , ,
Mr.- MORTON. It is som-ctUing more,than
