1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
and never expressed any opinion to the con-
trary until long after the time had elapsed when
the contracts were to be completed; but the
war terminating in 1865, months afterthe con-
tracts were to have been completed, of course
they did not care anything about engines they
had no use for ; but the contractors ought not
to take advantage of their own wrong in that
particular. That ought not to be urged as an
argument in behalf of their bill. If weare going
to do justice let us include all the contractors ;
those who faithfully performed their contracts
certainly as soon as those who were three years
behind time.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to ask whether
in many instances those parties were not the
same persons? The Senator makes a distinc-
tion between those who fulfilled and those who
did not fulfill their contracts. Were they not
the same identical parties?
Mr. GRIMES. In some instances they were
and in some they were not.
Mr. DIXON. Were they not the same in
a large majority of eases ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; but it does not
make any difference if they were a majority.
If there was a single man who was not in-
cluded it would make all the difference in the
world in this proposition, because that one
man having fulfilled his contract to furnish
one engine, he ought not to be called upon to
pay tax which another person who did not ful-
fill his contract is exempt from paying.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, it will be
recollected by every Senator that in March last
Congress passed an act relieving manufacturers
from the tax which had been imposed upon
them, with the exception of the manufacturers
of naval machinery. Now, what is sought to
be accomplished by this bill is that the manu-
facturers then excepted shall have remitted to
them the taxes which have been imposed upon
them since the passage of that law; in other
words, to make that law to include all manu-
facturers and all manufactures. The Senator
from Illinois offers an amendment to this bill,
going back to the date of the passage of the
law in 1868, for the purpose of refunding to
these contractors money which they had paid
before. The men involved in this bill paid
their taxes, whatever they were, prior to March,
1868, the same as all other manufacturers, and
all that they ask now is that the tax which has
accrued since the passage of that law may be
remitted, so that there may be no exception
whatever. If we are to go back to refund
taxes to one class of manufacturers prior to the
passage of the law of March, 18G8, then we
shall be called upon to go back and refund
taxes to other classes of manufacturers. Why
should not the manufacturers of iron and other
products come in here and ask to have their
taxes refunded ? This bill seeks, and only
that, to place all manufacturers upon the same
ground from March. 1868, and not to go back
at all.
For one I agree entirely with the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] that these man-
ufacturers of naval machinery and of iryn-clads,
&c., as a general rule deserve the considera-
tion of Congress—deserve relief. But all that
this bill seeks to do is to put all manufacturers
upon an equality from the day we passed the
act in March last.
Now, it is said by the Senator from Iowa that
these other con tractors who had completed their
contracts and delivered their machinery prior
to that time had complied with the contracts.
He must be aware that nearly every one of
them furnished that machinery after the time
specified in the contracts.
Mr. GRIMES. They paid tax on it.
Mr. CRAGIN. So did the persons intended
to be benefited by this bill pay their tax up to
March, 1868, the same as all others, so far as
they had gone.
Mr. GRIMES. They did not pay anything.
Mr. CRAGIN. '"Actually paid" is the ex-
pression. I suppose it is not all paid at once.
They pay as the work progresses on the portion
finished.
Mr. GRIMES. Not until it is all done.
Mr. CRAGIN. At any rate I fail to see any
reason why these manufacturers should not
have the same benefits with all others from the
time the law of March, 1868, was passed. That
is all that this bill asks.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to ask
the Senator from Oregon or the chairman of
the Committee on Finance what amount is in-
volved in this bill; how much the tax which
the bill proposes to remit amounts to, and how
much is involved in the amendment which pro-
vides for the refunding of taxes ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have a statement from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in which
he estimates that about one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars of tax will be remitted by the
passage of this bill; but as to the effect of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois I am not able to make any specific answer,
as I have not obtained any estimate; but I
presume the amount would be doubled at any
rate if that amendment were adopted. I pre-
sume the Government would be compelled to
refund an amount equal to the amount remitted
by the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to state exactly
what this question is, so that if anybody does
not understand it he may understand it as I
do, if I am able to state it. We agreed to pay
these manufacturers so much money for so
much work. Into that price went the amount
of Government tax ; that made a part of the
price. They did not perform their contracts.
Others did and received their price. These
men did not; I do not know that they have
done it to this day; and now they come and
ask us to increase the price to them by paying
them the amount of the tax. They already
receive it as a part of the price in the first
place, and now they ask us to add just so much
more—because that is the effect of it—to the
price because they did not perform their con-
tracts.
Mr. HOWARD. Is this bill so drawn as to
cover cases where the work has not been per-
formed ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It covers nothing but
those where the work was not performed ac-
cording to the contract or for two or three years
afterward, if it has been at all; and they put
it upon the ground that we ought to do it, that
is, increase the price by just adding the Gov-
ernment tax which we have already paid them
or are to pay them, it being included in the
price, by adding that same amount again, be-
cause in consequence of their not performing
their contracts the material cost them more.
That is the question, and the only question
there is before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, to assume
that the argument of the Senator from Maine
is correct in this case is to assume that the bill
as it was originally passed, repealing all taxes
on manufactures, was an erroneous and im-
proper bill to pass. All that this bill proposes
to do is to put a certain class of manufacturers
upon the same footing with all the other man-
ufacturers, and not to proscribe men because
they happened to be contractors under the
Government while the benefactions of your law
are extended to other manufacturers. _
In 1868, when these taxes were remitted, no
doubt there were millions of dollars of manu-
factures contracted for in this country, and
the contracts were made with reference to the
tax existing at the time the parties entered into
the contracts ; but when the property was de-
livered under those contracts this law had been
passed, and the taxes were remitted and they
received the benefit of the law. Now, it is
simply proposed to put these manufacturers
upon the same footing. Why should Congress
in its legislation select a certain class of persons
and say because they make contracts with the
Government they shall not enjoy the same
advantages that other parties had under the
legislation of Congress?
Now, sir, it is an incontrovertible fact that
these people did lose money upon these con-
tracts. Gold in 1863 was worth considerably
less than it was in 1864, within the time when
this machinery was to be delivered, and mate-
rialsincreased greatly in value, and these people
were compelled to pay those high prices«for
their materials.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to suggest thif,
these contracts, while they were made in 1863,
when gold was high, were not completed until
1868, when gold was quite low and labor was
very much depressed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No matter about that.
Mr. GRIMES. But the other parties whom
the Senator from Illinois seeks to benefit com-
pleted their contracts in 1864, according to the
stipulations of the contracts, when gold and
labor were both high, and the Senator objects
to refunding money to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I object to it because I
know that it will defeat the bill; for that reason
and not because the principle is not correct.
But is it true that because we are unable to do
justice to everybody we shall therefore do jus-
tice to nobody ? If it be true that these men
are entitled to this relief they ought to have it;
and it is no argument against this bill to say
that you cannot relieve everybody. If it was
possible to make the operation of this law equal
upon every individual and under all circum-
stances, then, of course, the law would be so
framed; but the law ought to stand now as it
ought to have stood when it was passed, and
instead of proscribing any particular class of
manufacturers it should have included all man-
ufacturers ; it should have provided that all
manufacturers are exempt from tax from and
after the date of the passage of that law.
Now, sir, itis objected here that thesepeople
did not fulfill their contracts. The Govern-
ment can take advantage of that in any way
tliey see proper. That does not concern the
question whether or not they ought to pay their
taxes. If the Government is willing to receive
their work at this time, and if the Government
has acquiesced in.their failure to perform the
contracts within the time specified, then it
does not lie in the mouth of Congress to object
to putting these men upon the same footing
with all other manufacturers. I doubt very
mucli whether any of this machinery was deliv-
ered within the contract time. Unless I am
greatly misinformed none of it was; but on
account of the high prices and on account
of the difficulty of procuring labor it was
impossible for these men to complete the
contracts within the time fixed, and so the time
was extended ; but soon after the necessity for
this machinery ceased, and the Government,
as I understand, has fully acquiesced in this
extension of time ; and therefore there is no
occasion, it seems to me, because all the per-
sons who paid taxes cannot be relieved, that
those should not be who are embraced in this
provision.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If you compel these peo-
ple to pay their taxes now you compel them
to pay a very large amount more than if they
had paid their taxes as other manufacturers pay.
The Senate should, in my judgment, look at it
in the light of a contract having been made in
18G8 on the basis of a certain price, and when
the delivery and payment, are made the Gov-
ernment pays less than it contracted to pay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will ob-
serve that the Government itself pays the tax
by the contract, because it is included in the
price.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It does not make any
difference.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us have a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single word
further. The Senator from New Jersey in-
quired as to the amount this bill will take out
of the Treasury. I suppose it is wholly impos-
sible to make an accurate estimate either by
the Commissioner or any one else. Last year,
when the proposition was before Congress, the
Special Commissioner of the Revenue estimated
it at $600,000. I believe in the Committee on
Finance the estimates of the members differed
very widely, some thinking it would amount to
