i860,:
THE' CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
a, choice between the two bills. .,It-ia at,
half -a vote against the suffrage* amendiaent in
its effect, or a whole vote. That-is: the-effect
of it, and it will be so regarded by th'fe country.
Mr; BUCK ALE W. In view of what- the
Senator from Indiana says, I will suggest to
him that it makes no difference whether this
resolution is passed now or passed two or three
months hence. It will be impassible for the
Legislatures to act upon the proposed amend-
ment until the coming winter or the next
spring. This matter -wiH be necessarily de-
layed usatil next winter.
■ ■ The PliKSIDJSNT pro tempore. The quest
tion is on taking u>p the constitutional amend-
ment. * .
'The^ question beiug taken by yeas and naysj
resulted—yeas-35, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattail, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Oragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fosaenden, Fowler. Frelinehuysen. Harlan, Harris,
Kellogg, Morton, Wye. Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Iloss, Sawyer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Wade,
Warner, Welch, AVilloy, and Wilson—35,
NATS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buekalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes, Hendricks,
McCroery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Saulsburyi
Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viokers,
Whyte, and Williams—20. ' ; ,.
ABSENT—Messrs.Comiess.'"Henderson, Howard,
Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Norton, Patter-
son of Tennessee, Spencer, Tipton, and fates—11.
. So (!he motion was agreed to.,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No; 402) proposing an amend-
roent to the Constitution of the United States
is now before the. Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. ,
-Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate having der-
termined to take up the constitutional amend-
ment, I will ask that an order be passed making
the currency bill the special order after the
passage of the constitutional amendment. I
^sk that, an order be now made making Senate
biil No. 793, commonly known'as the currency
bill, the special order after the passage of-the
constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, ■ The con-
stitutional amendment is now pending.- ,
Mr. -SHERMAN, A special order can be
made at any time by a two-thirds vote.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Ii may be
done .by common consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that. I desire
to call up the river and harbor bill the moment
the constitutional amendment is through.
Mr.-SHERMAN. I move, then, to postpone
the pending order with a view to make the
currency bill a special order, so as,to have no
further struggle about it.
-Mr. CHANDLER. I bbjectto that' I will
antagonise, the -Senator for special orders if he
makes that motion.
'• The PRESIDENT pro tempore..; The Sena-
ator from Ohio moves that the joiutresolution
now pending be postponed for the purpose of
taking up another bill.. :
Mr. SHERMAN. Temporarily, merely for
the purpose of making it a special order.
Mr. ROMEROY. The Senator from Ohio
cannot have any object- in making it a. special
order. In the first place, it takes a two-thirds
vote todo it. In the second"place, fe -unfin-
ished business of the preceding day supersedes
a special order, and there may be unfinished
business of .the morning hour.
Mr. SHERMAN-.- Butif itismadeaspecial
order it will be the unfinished business when
the constitutional amendment is disposed t>f.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no' object "in
making it a special order. A majority can
set it aside any; moment when it comes up.
Although it takes a. two-thirds vote to make a
special order, a majority can set it aside at any
time. - ' ..
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not - want- any ad-
vantage at all. T wish simply to. know whether
the majority of the Senate, or t.wo thirds of the
Senate, desire to go on with the currency bill.
If they do-not it, is perfectly idle .for roe-, to
waste time _ab.<rct it. I'f tbe majority of "the
Senate are indisposed- to act otithat hill at this
session,-X hope they.-will .relieve •r&Wi-QW'any
farther care about it. . The Committee da Fi-
nance of the Senate have reported two bills
which we regarded as vitally important t  the
public Treasury. We wish to have action on
them if wis can get it; but I do not desire to
be struggling here day after day for the ioor;
when usually, as a matter of courtesy and right,
precedence is always granted to this class of
legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-. The Senate
may pass over the subject now pending inform'
ally if there be no objection, in order to take
a vote on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this bill may not
be made a special order, not because-1 am not
in. favor of considering it, and not because I
am not in favor, in substance, of what the
Finance Committee propose* It is very far
from what it ought to be, as I think; but it is a
great deal better than nothing, I believe. I
may change my mind after the discussion ; but
that is my .-present impression. I am in favor,
therefore-, of considering this matter; but it is
my duty, as against any special orders, io pat
in a plea for the consideration of the House
bill repealing the tenure-of-offiee act. Sundry
Senators, or one or two at least, are very
uneasy lest I shall not give proper attention
to:that subject (• and I wish to give notice now
that on all proper occasions 1 shall ask the
Senate to take it up ; and so I am opposed to
having a special order against that or anything
else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques>
tion is on postponing the joint resolution now
before the Senate for the purpose of taking up
the currency bill, so called.
Mr. SHERMAN. With a view to make it
a special order.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that it is
proposed to pass over the pending resolution
informally for the purpose of taking a vote on
that motion.
-The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate pass over the-joint resolution before
the Senate' informally for the purpose of
taking-up the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Ohio? If there is no objection to that,
the question is on- taking up the currency bill
for the purpose of making it a special-order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. For what time ?
Mr. SHERMAN. After the passage of the
constitutional amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be done without a mo-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was no objection
to the motion; and the question now is whether
the Senate will-make it a special order.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. There is
a motion required to give it priority over the
matter befoi-e the Senate. '
Mr. STEWART. I hope it will not displace
this subject.
Mr. MORTON. It will not displace it.
Mr. POMEROY. If this is done the Sen-
ator from Nevada will have to make a motion
again in order to get up his resolution. He
cannot -get -it up except by making another
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the matter now before the Senate and all
prior orders be postponed for the purpose of
taking up the currency bill, with a view to
making; it a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was done by unan 
imous consent, and then the question was put
on the motion submitted, and objection was
made to that, and-I called for a vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
was made. The proposition to. pass it over
informally was objected to.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Mich-
igan objected. There was no unanimous con-
sent-about it.
. Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have
the quest-ion stated. - What is the motion ?-
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is to postpone the ccm s tit uti ona-1. , a m end -
na-ent,-' which is now .pending -before -tberSbaate
by the last votfe, «ft«i all prior orders,- for tb6
purpose of takiiig mp what is tailed the c r-
rency biil.
Mr. SHERMAN. Merely for the purpose
of making it a special order,' '
- The motion-was agreed to—ayes twenty-nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. No# -I submit "-the ordeft
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. For wh t
flay is it proposed to make the bill a spedial
order? . ■
Mr. SHERMAN. Immediately after tto
constitutional amendment is adopted,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I submittbat that isfre
special order at all. To make a special order
is to fix a time when a bill is to come up. ~_W'«
cannot fix an indefinite time, and tack oil this
bill to the end of the-other proposition.
• Mr-SHERMAN. For what reason? -
Mr. DOOLITTLE, Because a motion %i>
make a special order is to fix- some dby tod
hour-for its consideration.
Mr. SAULSRURY. It 'seems to me the
motion of the Senator from Ohio- ra rather ft
singular one. His motion:-is to ffl&fee this bili
a-specialorder "immediately afterthecOfistitu;
tional amendment is adopted.-'-' That presup-
poses that the action of this.body is known
beforehand ; that it is a foregone conclnsiort
that this, the most important measure that has
ever been before the American people since
the foundation of the Government, is already
adopted in the minds of Senators and only
awaits the simple final announcement of the
fact. I know, sir, that there have been great
measures b'eforetheSenate; I know that there
have been States which have not been allowed
to be recognized as States of the Union; but
this measure,- which is already supposed'to toe
adopted, is one to revolutionize the whole form
of government; and yet the Senate of the United
States is called upon to make a certain measure a
special orderafter thisshall have been adopted I
I will not now enter into the merits of the
proposed constitutional amendment, although
1 may have something to say about it before it
is through; but I will suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that -if the constitutional amend-
ment should not be adopted then he' would
have no special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very true. There
is no difficulty in the Senate making a special
order depending either upon a day certain, aii
hour, a day, or an event. As the Senator says,
if the constitutional amendment does not pass
the bill will not be a special order; but to
avoid all controversy in order to get the sense
of the Senate upon it I will move that the bill
be made the special order for Friday at one
o'clock. That will allow two days forthedis-
position of the constitutional amendment. ■ !1 -•
The PRESIDENT pro tempore:. It, is moved
that this bill be made the special -order,for
Friday next at cme.o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the question now
whether the bill called up by the Senator from
Ohio shall be made the special order for Fri-
day at one o' clock ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That it toe
postponed until Friday at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to ask the
Senator if it is the same bill that he had up
the other day and upon #hich he made an
argument?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no special ob-
jection to the Sena-tor's measure being con-
sidered at that time; but if by agreeing to make
it a special order, giving it a preferred position
in the business of the Senate, we are to be
understood as favoring tho bill itself, I do not
know that I can give the motion my support.
My impression is that I cannot support the
bill, and therefore I cannot properly vote- to
make it a special order. I would prefer that
it should be the order now instead of the pro-
posed constitutional amendment.
The suggestion of my colleague is an inge-
