|578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
four or five hundred thousand dollars, and
some not so high as the amount estimated by
tlie Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the Senator
does not wish to be understood that this bill
in its present shape, without the amendment,
would involve that amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know what effecttbe amendment that has been
made would have. It does not limit it as to time.
It uses theword "remit" instead of "allow."
I do not think that would Change it very much.
The amount that would be included by the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois is
wholly uncomeatable. The expenditure for
piachinery since the commencement of the
war amounts to millions upon millions. This
very bill contemplates the remission of taxes
upon from eight to twelve million dollars. I
suppose we have expended hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars for machinery, on which we shall
be compelled to refund taxes if the bill should
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does the Sen-
ator say that the money refunded would amount
to several millions ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. You said some-
thing about "eight millions."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thisbill con-
templates refunding the tax upon about eight
millions.
Mr. CATTELL. That is the percentage on
eight millions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no : it is only about
one hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars
altogether.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question on the amendment of Mr. Trum-
bull, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on
that question. It seems to me if we are to pass
the bill the amendment should be adooted.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Let
the amendment be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add the following words :
And that the tax heretofore collected upon such
machinery corresponding to that remitted by this act
be, and the same is hereby, refunded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does seem to me that
Senators cannot understand this amendment,
or they would not object to it. In 1863 certain
parties entered into contracts with the Govern-
ment of the United States to construct naval
vessels and naval machinery. No tax was then
imposed on the machinery.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes;
there was a tax of three per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was three per
cent, at that time, it seems. A portion of these
contractors have been relieved by the Govern-
ment. The price of constructing vessels was
so increased by the increased price of labor
and material that the parties were unable to
comply with their contracts, and the Govern-
ment has relieved some few ofthem. I happen to
know of a ease of a party who constructed one
of these vessels for the western waters \vho
never had any relief, and who completed his
contract and paid his tax and has been ruined by
the contract. Now, there is a proposition here,
to do what? To remit the tax upon this ma-
chinery in favor of parties who made contracts
at the same time that they did, and who have not
yet paid the tax. Because they were dilatory,
and because the tax was not collected from
them at the time when it should have been,
they come in here and ask to have it remitted.
Now, I propose that the man who completed
his contract and who paid his tax in pursuance
of his agreement shall not be put in a worse
position than the man who failed to comply
with his contract.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make one answer
to that argument, and it is this: the law was
passed in 1868 to be prospective in its opera-
tion and not retrospective, and all persons who
had prior to that date paid their tax had to
suffer that loss if there was any loss.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not those who are
liable to pay it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Because that law was
intended to operate prospectively and to remit
all taxes that had not been paid up to that
time upon all sorts of manufactures in the
country, and this is simply to put this class of
persons on the same footing with all other
classes and not to give them any special advan-
tages ; but to undertake to go back prior to
that date and remit taxes paid would be to give
them advantages over other manufacturers in
the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that was
made before when this matter was debated, and
it is this: that with regard to contracts between
individuals there was no mode in which we
could reach it. We abolished the tax from a
certain lime, and we could not, by any ma-
chinery that we could use, change that matter.
It must stand as it did. But with regard to
contracts made with the Government, inasmuch
as the Government itself paid the tax, we could
reach and lay our hands upon them.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose if there had
been any exception at the time this law was
passed the Senator from Illinois would not
have offered this amendment; but as an ex-
ception was made of those articles that were
contracted for by the Government at that time,
and it is proposed now to remit those taxes,
he proposes to offer this amendment to the bill.
As I understand, the object of this bill is to
place these manufacturers on the same level
with other manufacturers. There were mer-
chants who purchased goods of manufacturers
to be delivered in thirty, sixty, and ninety days
after the expiration of this tax who could come
back with the same reason and ask the man-
ufacturer to return the tax or relinquish the tax
to them as that we should relinquish it to the
manufacturer; but there is no discrimination
made in that way. Consequently, every one
who purchased goods of the manufacturer had
to pay the manufacturer those taxes. You
have struck a line ; you have said that after
a certain day these manufacturers should not
be taxed. Now it is proposed to put these
manufacturers on the same ground with every
other manufacturer; and when you go beyond
that it seems to me you are at sea, and you
do not know how many will come in and ask
for taxes to be remitted to them. It seems to
me that this proposition of the Committee on
Finance, placing these manufacturers upon the
same level with other manufacturers, is no
more than right. They will have the same
advantage as any private manufacturers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us have the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, on which he asks for a division.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill. I want to
put myself on the record against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Con-
ness, Corbett, Cragin, Dixon. Drake, Ferry. Hend-
ricks. Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pool, Ram-
sey. Sawver. Sprague. Sumner, Vickers, Wade,
Warner, Welch, and Williams—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Doolittle. Fessenden, Freiinghuy-
sen, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Mc-
Creery, Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of
Tennessee, Pomeroy, Rice, Ross, Sherman, Tipton,
van Winkle, and Willcy—25.
ABSENT —Messrs. Chandler, Edmunds, Fowler,
Henderson, Norton. Osborn, Robertson. Saalsbury,
Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Whyte, Wil-
son, and Yates—15.
So the bill was passed.
order op business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
inghourhavingexpired, the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate, being the bill
(H. R. No. 1741) granting an increase of pen
sion to Emily B. Bidwell, widow of Briga-
dier General Daniel D. Bidwell, and Sarah
Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General Pleas-
ant A. Hackleman.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to have that
bill laid aside informally for a moment, in
order to-take up a resolution which was re-
ported from the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road some time ago, entitled a joint, resolution
(S. R. No. 202) more effectually to secure the
faithful completion of the Union Pacific rail-
road and its branches according to law. I
endeavored some time ago to get this resolu-
tion up, and have it considered and passed by
the Senate ; and I hope the Senator who hag
charge of the unfinished business will give his
consent to lay it aside for a moment in order
to take up this joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask what is
the unfinished business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is a pension bill granting a pen-
sion to Emily B. Bidwell and others.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
that bill be postponed in order to proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday prior to the recess, the Army appro-
priation bill, if the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, will give his consent.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make that
motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the unfinished busi-
ness will be laid aside.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator from
Maine to withdraw his motion for a short time.
I think we can get a vote on this pension bill
in a few minutes. It is a bill that passed Con-
gress at the last session ; but owing to some
inadvertence inconsistent provisions were put
in it so that it could not be executed at the
Department, and I think tho question can be
settled in a very few minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senator had bet-
ter allGw that to go over. We can get it up at
some other time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to postpone all prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the pending
order be laid aside informally with a view to
take up the joint resolution which I have men-
tioned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cin
only be done by unanimous consent. The
Senator from Michigan asks that the pending
bill he laid aside informally. Is there any
objection ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
what bill the Senator from Michigan proposes
to take up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A bill in
relation to a railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; it is the joint
resolution reported by the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad more effectually to secure the
faithful completion of the Union Pacific rail-
road and its branches according to law. I do
not think it will lead to much debate, perhaps
none. It is a measure eminently deserving to
be passed, in my judgment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the Senator from Michigan would appeal to me
to have the Army bill, which is now nearly
completed, postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to postponing it informally?
Mr MORTON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the permission of the
Senator from Maine to make a couple of re-
ports.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
