1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBS.
82T
on- this very subject. It should be borne in
mind that it is proposed to submit the question
. of this proposed amendment of the .Constitu-
tion to Legislatures now chosen, actually in
existence; and in the State of Indiana—-d take
that State as an example—and ill many other
States chosen upon the very day when General
Grant was eleeted President of the United
'States, upon the very day when this platform
was submitted for the approval of the American
people. The proposition is to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States, or to propose an
amendment, and, to submit it to Legislatures
chosen j poa thai very occasion when the prin-
ciples of-the party as laid down in its platform
were presented to the people. It seems to me
this is an important consideration. Now, what
was that platform.? The Senator from Vermont
contradicts and opposes the idea stated by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] and
contends that there- is ho inconsistency and no
impropriety and no want of good faith in pro-
posing at this time to amend the Constitution
of the United States in spite of the resolution
of the platform. Let us see what it was.
In the first-place, I wish to. say a, word in re-
gard to the manner in which that platform was
adopted. I have here the speech: of a distin-
guished citizen of Connecticut who presided
.over the convention, General Hawley j and I
will say for. him that he is a eincere-and honest
man, a-man who. entertains firm and decided
convictions and w,ho follows them out in prac-
tice. He said! '
'' W.e unavoidably recall the convention of 1860,
■with its profound anxieties, its fresh, pure, and glow-
ing devotion to liberty, nnd its enthusiastic accept-
ance of the wager of battle tendered by slavery and
secession. It now seems clear to us that God ruled
ourcouncils. lie made our declaration of principles
manly and sincere. Ho gavo us Abraham Lincoln
for President. May Ho send us like wisdom and suc-
cess to-day."
Again:
"With a clear and fearless expression of tho essen-
tial and important questions at issue—winch the
people well understand, and no ingenious dovioe, no
words can obscure or avoid—passing by all personal
and temporary controversies, workinginperfecteon-
fidcnce that the American people mean to do rigtrt,
and will do it in the end, we may feel sure of tri-
umph." , ,i
That, was the opinion of the president of
that body-with regard to the meaning and effect
of tlie platform whenever it should be made.
.Now, before I come to the platform itself, let
us see what General Grant said of it in accept-
ing the nomination. He wrote a letter—'the
.famous letter terminating with the words " let
us have peace"—in which he said, il I indorse
the resolutions." The candidate of the party
presented to the. people as. their nominee for
the Presidency, upon this platform declared that
he iudorsed the resolutions.
' Mr. EDMUNDS. So did we all.,
.Mr. DIXON. Now, what did Mr. Colfax
say V He also expressed his sentiments. He
begins with the.platfor.ui;,
"Dear Sir: The platfornj adopted by the patriotic
convention over which y,ou presided, and the reso-
lutions which so happily supplement it, so entirely
agroewith my views-as to-a just national-pohey that
my .thanks are due to th§ delegates as much for this
clear and auspicious declaration of principles as tor
the nomination with which I have been honored, and
which I gratefully accept."
Now, sir, I come to the platform itself. Here
it is:
"The guarantee by Congress of equal suffrage to
all loyal men at the South was demanded by every
(Consideration of public safety, of gratitude, and ot
justice, and must be maintained, whilethe question
of suffrage in all the loyal States properly belongs to
the people of those States."
Upon that ground you went before the people.
You went to the people of Connecticut; you
went" to the people of Maine, to the people of
Vermont, to the people of Massachusetts, to
the people of Indiana. You elected a Legis-
lature in Indiana, You told that Legislature
that properly this question belonged to them ;
.not that.it actually belonged-to theip. The
Senator from Vermont says' that by law it
belongs there. You said to them it properly
belongs there, rightfully belongs there. What
belongs there? The Senator saysitherc was a
distinction only made between loyal' and dis"
loyal States as- to,the question <?-f..congressional
intervention. I can show the Senator, I -think,
in a moment that-that Was fiot the meaning.
What do you propose to do? You propose
to submit a proposition for the amendment of
the Constitution of the United States, taking
away from the States the right to regulate suf-
frage, and to submit it to the yarious States
.through their legislators. You said in'your
resolution that the question of suffrage in the
loyal States properly belongs to: the people of
those States. Do you propose to submit this
resolution for an amendment to the Constitu-
tion to the people of those States? Is that
what you were talking about? Did you pro-
pose to submit it to the people of those States?
Wby did you mak-e a distinction in your reso-
lution at Chicago? Can you submit this prop-
osition to the people of the northern States?
Can you Set Connecticut decide this question
for herself by an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States to be submitted to her
now, to-day, in any form? Why,"sir, when you
told the people of Connecticut and the people
of Indiana that the question of suffrage properly
belonged to them you did not tell them that the
proper way of changing the present regulation
Of.suffrage in those States was by presenting an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States at this very session upon which they
could not decide, and which was to be decided
for them by those very States ot the South
which you say were in a certain condition at that
time. It is perfectly clear no man can read this
resolution without seeing that a plain distinc-
tion was made between the two cases. You
did not mean to say to the people of the loyal
States that while suffrage was properly left to
them, still an amendment of the Constitution
might be offered which being submitted to
them would answer the ends and the object' of
this resolution. That is not the meaning of
your language. It could not have been so
understood. The very fact that you make this
distinction in your resolution shows that it was
not so understood.
The only way in which the people of the
northern States, as distinguished from the dis-
loyal States, can settle the question is by per-
mitting them in their State constitutions to
settle it. There is no other possible way in
which you can carry out the true intent and
meaning of this resolution which was adopted
by that convention as their platform without
submitting the question of suffrage to the peo-
ple of the several States in their action upon
their own State constitutions. You cannot
meet this resolution in any other form nor
fulfill its plain, obvious meaning in any other
way, because the moment-you say that you
intended an amendmantof tha Constitution of
the United States you are obliged to submit
that amendment in a different manner from
that proposed by your resolution.
Now, sir, to go into the manner in which
the resolution was understood is unnecessary.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hen'DWCKs]
has already done that. I alluded to it the other
day. Nobody doubted for a single moment
that the intention and object of this resolution
was-toTeave the subject to the States. It was
denounced by some extreme anti-slavery papers
for that very reason. That was the manner
in which you obtained your power. It was the
mode and means by which you carried the
Legislatures. You would not have had the
Legislatures of Indiana and some other States
upon any other ground than that, and you knew
it. You knew perfectly well that it was neces-
sary to take this ground Or sou could not carry
those Legislatures.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] said the other day that this had
been a costly principle to the Republican party.
I think he said it had cost them some seven
hundred and fifty thousand votes ; at any rate
a very great number of votes—I will nob be
precise as to the number—say two hundred
and fifty thousand, enough to change the elec-
tion. They were very careful to avoid it tor
that very reason. Eor thai-very purpose and
object they not only avoided it, but they actu-
ally presented another issue. They safd to
the people that properly the States ought to
control this matter. It means Just the same
as if .they, had ,sp.id in, express language the
States of this Urikm ought to,regulate the ques-
tion of suffrage,for themselves. You did not
merely say the States ot" the Union do j$gula*e
It, but you said they properly regulate, k, ot
in.other.wordsj they ought to regulate it. Now,
the resoltjtioB which, you-adopted, instead of
being, as the president of the convention de-
clared it to'be, a (Hear, plain, sincere, manly
declaration of youi> principles, is, by t,he-inge-
nuity ofthe honorable Senator from Vermont,
attempted to bear a meaning different from
that which is apparent upon its fUce; _ -
I do not say this for the pupose.of hindering
the passage of the measure; but I -wish the
American people to know, so far as I can give
them to know, what is the condition of
this matter. I honestly believe that' you in-
tended at that thtfe to present thiij question to
the people ofthe United States it! t®« manner
in which the Senator from Indiana has already
stated it' and as I have myself attempted to
explain this resolution. With any other plat-
form you could not have succeeded1; yeu could
: not have carried the election even with Gen-
' eral Grant's great popularity. At any rate you
could not have carried several of the States
which voted for him, certainly not the State of
Indiana, with only a thousand majority, which
was all you had at the election where my hon-
orable friend [Mr. Henj>bickb] was the .can-
didate for Governor. You knew it yourselves,
and now here you come before!, the people and
set this example, which I must,be permitted, to
say is of evil tendency. You say by your ac-
tion that a.platform of a party is only intended
to bridge over an election, -to carry the elec-
tion, to declare ccrtain principles, and that it
is of no consequence whetheryou believe thejn
or not; you have four years of power, and in
those four years you can still perpetuate your
power ; the fraud will be forgotten ;" you lay
down a doctrine you do not believe; you do
not pretend to believe in it, and in six months
you will say you-do liot believe in it. -Ihat is
it. Why,-sir, these honorable Senators.-never
can be guilty of anything of that kind. -They
themselves may be as muchshocked, more than
I am myself, at the mere suggestion of it. ' -
The PiiESIDBNTpro tempore. -The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to postpone the lurther consideration of the
currency bill until to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire simply to say
that if my honorable friend fi-om Ohio by that
motion expects to get his .bill upfnr'discnssjon
to-morrow, if the discussion on the institu-
tional amendment .goes on, he is. very much
mistaken. . ' ' ' " ' " '
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I understand it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The discussion on the
constitutional amendment has hardly com-
menced.
The motioa to postpone was agreed to.'
SOTKKAG15 CONSTITUTIONAL AMENfrSIBr.'f •
Mr. STEWABT. I move that the. Senate
now resume the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 402. • , .
Thc.motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (H. R- Ho. 402} proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the united btates
was considered as in Committee ot the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. 1 ask for the reading ot
the resolution. .
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of tho United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Heprcscnt-
ativee of (he United States of America in Congress
assembled, ^o third.3 of both Houses concurring,)
That tho following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures? of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall he
held as part of said Constitution, namely;
Article —. , -
Section 1. The right of any citizen of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by tae
United States or any State by reason of race,color, or
