1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
will receive reports of committees at this time
if there be no objection.
REPORTS OF COMMITTERS.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of members
of the Senate and House of Representatives
from the southern States, praying the passage
of the bill to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for services rendered in tak-
ing the United States census in 1860, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration";
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James St. John,
praying an appropriation for the payment of
the reward offered for the capture of Jefferson
Davis, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Stuart
Barnes, reported a bill (S. No. 972) for the
benefit of Stuart Barnes ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, reported a bill (S. No.
973) to establish certain post roads; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 309) to promote the efficiency of the
Indian department, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. V1CKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 834) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
CAIRO AND FULTON' RAILROAD.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the petition of
the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, ask-
ing for an extension of time for the completion
of the first twenty miles of their road, have in-
structed me to report a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 238) extending the time for the comple-
tion of the first twenty miles of the Cairo and
Fulton railroad; and with the consent of the
Senator from Maine I ask that the present or-
der be laid aside temporarily with a view of
passing this resolution at once. There is no
objection to it in any quarter.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. It provides
than in case the Cairo and Fulton Railroad
Company shall complete the first section of
twenty miles of its road by the 28th of April,
1870, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be satisfied of such completion, the company
shall be entitled to its lands in all respects and
to the same extent as it would have been had
the twenty miles been completed by the 28th of
July, 1869, as provided by the law relating to
the railroad company, approved July 28, 1866.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That J. T. Wright have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Commodore Mitchell have
leave to withdraw her petition and papers from the
files of the Senate.
ORDNANCE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing of the report of the joint Committee
on Ordnance relative to experiments upon
heavy ordnance, with accompanying docu-
ments, report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That the report of the joint Committee
on Ordnance relative to experiments upon heavy ord-
nance, with theaccompanying documents and illus-
trations, be printed; and that two thousand addi-
tional copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
how much this will cost.
Mr. ANTHONY. The printing of the usual
number, which I suppose is a matter of course,
will cost ,300. Fhe additional two thousand
copies will cost $400. I do not see the chair-
man of the Committee on Ordnance in his
seat, but it is the judgment of the committee
that the report ought to be printed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This subject of ord-
nance is not one of general interest in the
country, and I think it is unnecessary to print
the two thousand additional copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. The printing, which I
suppose is a matter of course, will cost $1,300.
The additional two thousand copies which the
Committee on Ordnance have asked for will
cost $400.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This is hardly a book
for popular distribution.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; but there is an
immense amount of information in it of great
value to that branch of the public service, as
the committee informs me.
The resolution was agreed to.
REVISION OF RULES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution :
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators be
appointed to report any modification or change of
the rule4; of the Senate which may be deemed neces-
sary for the proper action of the Senate in conduct-
ins the public business.
I wish to state that there is no disposition to
make a general revision of the rules, but there
is one respect in which I think they are defect-
ive, and I know the Chair agrees with me;
and there is one respect in which I think they
contravene the Constitution of the United
States, and I am fearful that if we do not alter
the rules somebody will move to alter the Con-
stitution, as that seems to be the favorite
remedy for any trouble.
Mr. BUCKALEW. While we are establish-
ing a committee to revise the rules, I suggest
that we had better extend their authority to
the joint rules.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that if it does not require a joint resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. For instance we have
a joint rule with regard to the counting of the
electoral votes, which requires very careful
attention.
Mr. ANTHONY. Would not that require
a concurrent resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER; (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair thinks this com-
mittee can be charged with all that relates to
the action of the Senate on the subject. Of
course any recommendation of the committee
in regard to the joint rules would require
joint action, but the committee need not neces-
sarily be a joint committee in its appointment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to amend by
extending the authority of the committee to
the joint rules. The Clerk will put it in form.
Mr. AN THONY. I have no objection to
that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be so modified.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to say that while
the committee are occupied with this subject I
hope they will not forget to abolish the old and
barbarous system of enrolling our bills on
parchment, which is an additional expense and
takes time unnecessarily. It has come down
from distant ages, and I believe that the Legis-
lature of the State of Massachusetts and the
Congress of the United States are the only
legislative bodies where it is preserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion, as modified, extends to the rules of the
Senate and the joint rules of the two Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me as very
inappropriate to appoint a committee of the
Senate to revise the joint rules. Certainly it
had better be a joint committee for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not refer any other
bills to a joint committee. We refer a bill
that requires the assent of both Houses and of
the President of the United States to the com-
mittees of the two Houses separately. I do
not see the necessity of its being a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this is in regard to
the transaction of business in the two Houses,
and a joint rale, it would seem to me, ought
not to be considered in that way. It would be
better to have a joint committee for that pur-
pose. I have no objection to a joint commit-
tee or to a committee of the Senate. It is true
there is nothing unparliamentary in it. I ap-
prehend we may.appoint a committee to con-
sider the revision of the joint rules; but it
would strike me as a singular mode of pro-
ceeding, and one not likely to attain its ends.
To accomplish anything it would be much
better to have associated with this committee
a committee of the House of Representatives,
and then when the report was made it would
be understood in both Houses, and be much
more likely to be adopted.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on adopting the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
ARMY APPRORRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(H. R. No. 1803) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes, is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. When this biil was under considera-
tion yesterday the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] moved an amendment provid-
ing for the payment of a certain claim of the
States of Massachusetts and Maine. To the
reception of that amendment the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] interposed a question of
order. That question of order was submitted
to the Senate under the sixth rule, and the
Senate is to decide whether the amendment is
admissible under the thirtieth rule. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is whether under
the provisions of the thirtieth rule this amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. SUMNER. As this question has come
over from yesterday, I hope the Senate will
pardon me if I remind them of the point on
which they are to decide. It is whether the
claim of a State is a private claim or a public
claim under the rule of the Senate. Now, sir,
I submit to the Senate, what is a public claim
if the claim of a State be not one? To what
claim will you apply the words of the rule? I
insist that the claim of a State is public in con-
tradistinction to private, and that there is noth-
ing in the circumstances of this claim to take
it out of the general rule. It is public, accord-
ing to the reason of the case. It is public also
according to the precedents of this body. I
reminded you yesterday of eighteen since 1854
that have found their way on the statute-book.
Shall I cite them again? Shall I take more
time to press them upon the Senate ? There
they are, precisely applicable to this case. If
you decide now that the claim of Massachu-
setts is not a public claim you practically de-
clare that all the legislation of the eountry
since 1854, containing no less than eighteen
such claims on appropriation bills, was con-
trary to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator permit
me to ask a question about those eighteen pre-
/- (->f)onto V
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Are they, any of thera,
cases like this, in which the point of order was
made and adjudicated in the direction that he
argues ?
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the Senator;
they are cases precisely like this.
Mr. CONKLING. But was the point of
order made?
Mr. SUMNER. I will come to the_ point.
They are cases precisely like this. W hether
the point of order was made on the presenta-
tion of the claim I have no means of knowing.
Suffice it to say, they find their place in Army
appropriation bills. Whatmorecan be needed?
If they were out of order they could not be
there. The fact that they are on the Army
bills is the answer to the question of the Sen-
ator. Now, let me call attention to the pro-
visions in the cases of Maryland and Massa-
chusetts, which are identical, so much so that,
