1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
as lawyers would say, the two cases go on all
fours. The last appropriation for the princi-
pal of the claim of Massachusetts was made in
the act of 1859, in these words:
"That for the purpose of executing a resolution
approved May 14,1836, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $227,176 48, reported under said
resolution to be due to said State by J. R. Poinsett,
late Secretary of War, in a report dated the 23d De-
cember, 1837"—
You will observe this is in 18-59, and the
report was in 1837—
"made to the House of Representatives the 27th of
December, 1837: Provided. That in lieu of payment
in money, the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his
discretion, issue to said State United States stock
bearing an interest of five per cent, per annum, and
redeemable at the end of ten years or sooner, at the
pleasure of the President."
Mr. CONKLING. There is no provision
there for the interest.
Mr. SUMNER. _ There is no provision here
for the interest, and it is for that very reason
that I make the present motion; but observe,
there is a provision to pay a claim according
to a report bearing date 1837. Of course from
1837 to 1859 interest had been accumulating.
Massachusetts part of that time at home was
paying interest on her obligations, and accord-
ing to the rule adopted at the Treasury De-
partment she is entitled to interest on that
claim.
Now, observe, sir, that this very claim was
put on the Army appropriation bill in 1859—
the claim for the principal. Now I come to the
question of interest, and here I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the Maryland case, which
will be found on the civil appropriation bill of
March 3, 1857, as follows :
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be. and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the account between the United States
and the State of Maryland, as the same was from
time to timeadjustedunderthe act passed on the!3th
May, 1S26, entitled "An act outhorizingthepayment
ot interest due to the State ofMaryland," and on such
reexamination to assume the sums expended by the
State ofMaryland fortheuseand benefit of the Uni-
ted States, and the sums refunded and repaid by the
United States to the said State, and the times ot such
payments as being correctly stated in the account as
the same has heretofore been passed at the Treasury
Department; but in the calculation of interest due
under the act aforesaid the following rules shall be
observed, to wit, interest shall becaleulated up to the
time of any payment made. To thisinterestthepay-
ment shall be first applied, and it itexceed the inter-
est due, the balance shall be applied to diminish the
principal; if the payment fall short of the interest,
the balance of interestshall notbeadded to theprin-
cipal so as to produce interest. Second, interest shall
be allowed the State of Maryland on such sums only
on which the said State either paid interest or lost in-
terest by the transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
Now, sir, you will observe that here is an
appropriation to pay interest to the State of
Maryland for advances in the war of 1812, and
that this appropriation appears on a general
appropriation bill. The question on which we
are to vote i3 one of order, and I ask your
attention to this precedent as absolutely deci-
sive of the question of order. It was the case
of a State, and a claim for interest, and that
claim was recognized on a general appropria-
tion bill. How much further can you go?
What further precedent is needed? You can-
not vote the claim for Massachusetts' interest
out of order without practically declaring that
when this appropriation was put on an appro-
priation bill in 1857 it was in defiance of the
rules of the Senate.
I began what I had to say by remarking that
this was entirely in harmony with reason. Let
me remind Senators, what we all habitually
notice here, that resolutions from a State or
any communications from a State have a pecu-
liar precedence and preeminence in this body.
They are always read at length, and they are
printed as a matter of course according to the
rules of the Senate. Such is the distinction
accorded by our rules to a State. And now,
sir, how vain it ia to accord such a distinction
in form if you refuse the distinction in sub-
Stance. A State here has a claim; and shall
you say, in order to exclude it from this bill,
that it is private in character, when, accord-
ing to the reason of the case, it is public, and
according to the precedents of the body it is
public?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion presented as a question of order becomes
exceedingly important in view of the conse-
quences of opening the door to the admission
of this class of claims on appropriation bills.
The Senator from Massachusetts attempts to
show that this is not a private claim by show-
ing that claims of States have been paid
upon Army and other appropriation bills. I
could show more than a hundred cases where
private claims of individuals for past debts
have been put on appropriation bills; but that
does not reverse the rule, nor enable him to
violate the rule when the point of order is
directly made. There are innumerable cases
where private bills which he himself would
admit to be private bills have been put on the
appropriation bills: in some cases in violation
of the rule by a majority overriding the rule;
in some cases without objection ; in other cases
by committees of conference where there have
been disagreements between the two Houses.
A multitude of precedents might be shown, but
that does not prove the point. The question
is whether this amendment is to provide for a
private claim; in other words, whether it is a
private bill.
The distinction between a public and private
bill is somewhat difficult to draw; but I must
say that if this is not a private bill no private bill
has ever been offered in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. Barclay, at page 151 of his Digest, says:
" The line of distinction between public and pri-
vate bills is so difficult to be/lefmod in many eases
that it must rest on the opinion of the Speaker and
the details of the bill. It has been the practice in
Parliament, and also in Congress, to consider as pri-
vate such as arc for the interest of individuals, pub-
lie companies, or corporations, a parish, city, county,
or other locality. To be a private bill it must not be
general in its enactments, or for the particular inter-
est or benefit of a person or persons."
That is the very case here. Here is a pri-
vate claim for the benefit of a railroad cor-
poration. It is shown by the official records
of this Congress that the only ownership of
this claim, equitable and legal, is in a corpor-
ation. The claim once belonged to the State
of Massachusetts, which afterward transferred
a portion of it to the State of Maine; and then
the whole of it was transferred by both States
for the benefit of a railroad corporation. It
is for an alleged past due debt, not for a future
expenditure: not to carry into execution an
existing law. It is not pretended that any law
justifies the payment of this money, but a law
is sought to get the money from the Treasury
of the United States. If we intend to abide
by our rule this is clearly the case of a private
claim due to a private corporation, money past
due. and the reason and spirit of the rule
exclude it from the appropriation bill.
There is no distinction whether the money
is due to a State or to a corporation or to an
individual. It is not a general bill, because it
does not relate generally to all persons in like
condition. If the State of Connecticut has
such a claim, it would not be covered by this
proposition, because this is confined to the
claims of Massachusetts and Maine. It islocal
in its character, individual in its character,
confined to the interests of a few, and not for
the general interest of the whole people of the
United States. It is undoubtedly the rule that
this is a private claim ; and I warn Senators
that if we enter into the discussion of this claim,
amounting, according to my computation, to
over a million dollars, we shall open a wide
and general field of debate that I do not wish
to enter upon. It is only one of four claims
that have been transferred to this railroad com-
pany, the aggregate of which is in the neigh-
borhood of §3,000,000. It wa3 stated by one
of their agents in 1864 at $2,300,000, andwilh
the accruing interest it must now amount to
S",000,000. It is a claim for interest not
according to or in the modes that interest was
allowed to the State of Maryland, because the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is so framed as to extend it far beyond any
precedent and to pay out of the Treasury of the
United States the interest on a claim fifty-three
years old. It is the very principle of the Gal-
pliin claim, which almost destroyed an admin-
istration, where they attempted to pay interest
on a private claim extending back to the period
of the Revolution.
Here is a claim which from time to time
has been allowed and paid off, and now it is
proposed to pay the interest on it back to its
origin. This principle, if adopted and applied
to all claims, would swamp this Government
and all the Governments in Christendom. Here
was a claim of Massachusetts of over eight hun-
dred thousaud dollars which has been paid in
full to the last dollar in various installments;
first, acertain amount was allowed and paid, and
next another amount, and finally, on a report
made by Mr. Poinsett, a report which does not
show whether the last sums paid were for
principal or interest, the whole balance of the
claim of Massachusetts, every dollar claimed by
Massachusetts in 1837, amounting to $227,000,
was subsequently paid, and the whole account
was squared.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me remind the Sen-
ator that according to this very text 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
duty of the Chair to remind Senators that on
the question of order the merits of the amend-
ment are not to be debated.
Mr. SUMNER. According to the act of
1859 the amount was to be paid precisely ac-
cording to the report of 1837, without any ad-
ditional interest. That is the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. The payment in 1859 was
in full of the claim according to the report of
the Secretary of War of 18-37. If there was any
interest due it was due then. No claim for it
appears to have been made; and here we have
the official documents showing that no claim
had been made by Massachusetts for the interest
during all this long course of negotiation.
Now, sir, is it wise, upon an appropriation
bill at the heel of the session, to embark in the
enterprise of paying interest on claims that
accrued in the war of 1812, when the interest
is now far greater than the principal? If this
principle was extended to private parties as
well as to States the Senators who propose it
would themselves see the effect and the conse-
quences to which it would lead. I have no
objection to applying to Massachusetts the same
rule that has been applied to other States; but
if the Senator who offers the amendment will
look into the subject carefully he will find that
the claim of Massachusetts does not rest upon
the same circumstances as the claim of Mary-
land. The peculiar equity and merit of the
claim of Maryland was the fact that the State
of Maryland had used trust funds, which were
bearing interest, and had applied them to the
payment of certain expenses during the war of
1812. This was made the ground of a special
claim, and that claim was allowed and paid
before the payment of the last installment to
Massachusetts: and although Maryland had
been paid and settled with, and the interest had
been allowed here, as an execptional claim,
before Massachusetts was finally settled with,
Massachusetts made no claim for the interest,
because her claim did not rest upon the same
circumstances and the same facts that induced
the allowance of interest to the State of Mary-
land. Trust funds of Maryland had been di-
verted from their use; those funds bore interest
and they were applied by the State ; and this
is the explanation of the last clause of the
Maryland appropriation act declaring that no
such interest should be paid except upon cer-
tain interest-bearing funds, which had been
applied by the State.
I think it is wiser for the Senate to adhere
to a rule which is founded in the strongest
possible reason, and that is that at the close
of the session our appropriation bills should
not be incumbered with private claims not
resting upon existing law or upon treaty stip-
ulation for the benefit of States or individuals,
but should be confined to what they purport
to be, appropriations for the future expenses
of the Government.
