828
ME-CONGRBSSKJffM.' G&OM
February
previofl3 Condition of slaTOfy of any citizen or class
ofoitiisensof the United States..: :r
Sec. 2. The Congress shall Itave power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
"article! > - " *
Mr; STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee,on the Judiciary to move to amend
the resolation by strikiHj*out the-whole of sec-
tion one of the proposed article and' inserting
in lj?u thereof: • ' • '' '
The right qi oitizens'oJ' tKo United 'States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or"abridfed'b? the
United States, or by apy State. on acsount of race,
color,, or previous conditio;! of servitude.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to am,end, the
amendment by inserting the words "natural
born" beforecitizens.''- ,
Mr. STEWART. I hope,that, will not .pre-
vail. ,
, My. FERRY. I suppose, in accordance with
the ordinary practice of the Senate, upon this
subject againjsQming to, ,its, consideration I
would ba entitled, by courtesy, at least, to the
floor.. If there are other amendments which
gentlemen desire to submit, I will give way. I
rose to move an adjournment; but I will post-
pone that {potion for other amendments if gen-
tlemen, desire tapffer them. .
Mr. B.UCKA£EW.. J desire to give notice
of an .amendment that I intend.to propose, .tp
come in at the end of the,resolution. It is to
ad$ the words: ....
That the foregoing .amendment shall be sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the soveral States, the
most numerous branches of which shall bo choson
next after tho passage of this resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the resolution of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and I ask to have it printed. My propo-
sition is to strike out the first section of the
proposed article and insert:
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have tbe same right to vote and hold office as
Other oituens.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] whose amend-
ment I understand is ponding, that instead of
the words "natural born'.1 he shall say "native
born citizens."
Mr. WILLIAMS. No ; I have followed the
language of the Constitution.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to give notice of
an amendment that I shall propose to come in
at the end of the first section of tbe proposed
article:
But Ohinamen not born in .the United States, and
Indians not taxod, shall not be deemed or mado cit-
ixens.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to submit an
amendment which at the proper time I shall
propose. It is to substitute for tho first sec-
tion of the proposed article of amendment-
Ail citizens of tho United Statos residents of the
eovoralt States now or hereafter comprehended in
the Union, of tho aero of twenty-one years and up-
ward, shall bo entitled to an equal vote in all elec-
tion# in the State wherein they shall reside, (the
period of such residence as a qualification for voting
to bo decided by each State,} except stich citizens as
saall engage in rebellion or insurrection, or shall be
duly conviotod of treason or other infamous crime.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to give notice of an
amendment which I shall propose, in.lieu of
the first section of the proposed article :
The right to vote and hold office shall belong to
all muleeitwens of the United States who are tweitty-
one years old and of sound mind, and who have not
been orsliall not liave been duly convicted of treason
or other infamous crime: Provided, That nothing
herem contained shall deprive the soveral States of
the right to prescribe terms of residence which shall
precede the oxerci&e of the right to vote, to fix the
,£20 at which said oitizons shall become eligible to
fold office, and to make such registration laws as may
be necessary to guard the purity of elections; which
^viv003 residence and age and registration laws
applicable to all male citizens of
the united States,
_ The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] to the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart.] ...
Mr. DIXON. ■-! desire at 'the proper time
to move the same amendment td this resolu-
tion which I proposed to the Senate resolution,
and that is to strike, out t^ word "Lfegisla:
tures'' and insert "conventions'' at the respect- I
ive places where the word
occurs. - - • - . • -■
Mr. POMEROY. I moved an 'amendment
to the former proposition; and as that proposi-
tion seems- to have been superseded by this, I
desire to give notice' that at a suitable time I
shall offer the same amendment to this resolu-
tion. I desire tohaVe it read for information.
The Chief Clerk. The-proposed amend-
ment is to strike Out all of the first article of
the contemplated constitutional amendment,
and to insert in lieu of it—
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and bold offiee shall not be denied or abridged by
the United States or any-State for any reaeon not
equally applicable to all citizens.
Mr. DIXON. I move that all these.pro-
posed amendments be printed. ' , -
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FEERY. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeJ Before the
Chair puts that question he desires to lay be-
fore the Senate some House bills which are on
•the table.
iiousb bills.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 438) rela-
tive tp certain purchases by .the Interior De-
partment, Was read twice by its title, and
-ordered to lie on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 1850) to establish a
certain post'road in the State of Connecticut,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to call the attention
of my colleague to the bill "of the House which
has just been read. A similar bill has been
reported from, the Senate Committee on Post
Offices and Post IJoads, and I have notified
my colleague that I shall endeavor to call it
up to-morrow evening at the evening session.
I shall endeavor to call up this bill at the same
session. I move that it lie on the table for
the present.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Connecticut that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF.REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February Z, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Eev. C. B. Bovhton.
The Journal of yesterday .was read and
approved. .
election in mississippi.
Mr. BECK, by uhanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1860) providing for
the holding of an election in Mississippi, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction. :
PURCHASES BY THE INTERIOR. DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee on Printing,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. .438)
relative to certain purchases by the Interior
Department; which was read a first and seeond
time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Interior not to receive or make payment
for three hundred thousand sheets of bond
paper claimed to have been ordered of the
stationery contractors for the Interior Depart-
ment, at a cost of $24,000; and also that he
withhold payment on any bills claimed to be
due to said contractors the sum of $2,380,
charged and received for printing seventeen
thousand patent heads, whieh work was not per-
formed by them ; and also the value of forty
thousand sheets of bond paper, at eight cents
per sheet, now in the custody of said contract-
ore, unless the same is .returned ; and that he
also deduct from their unpaid bills the amount
charged for goods (not included- in their con-
tract) above the prices at which the goods are
sold in open market. ;
Mr. ELA. I desire merely to explain this
joint resolution, so that there may bo no mis-
understanding about iti Some time ago the
parties who- had the stationery contract with
the Interior Department for the present year
claimed that they had a contract to furnish
six hundred thousand sheets of bend paper at
the rate of eight- cents per sheet. The evi-
dence shows that there was an order given-to
purchase three hundred thousand sheets, and
it was paid for at that price. The evidence
further shows that the acting Commissioner of
the Patent Office procured a warrant to be
drawn for the payment of three hundred thou-
sand sheets more, the order to purchase which
"he failed to procure from the Secretary of the
Interior. • The other item embraced in the
report is -a charge mad® for printing twenty-
eight thousand patent heads,- for which the
Government fornished the paper, at the rate
"of $140 per thousand ipr the •printing. These
parties charged for these twenty-eight thou-
sand sheets at that rate,' and- ree'eived -their
pay, while they printed only eleven thousand
sheets. Upon the seventeen thousand sheets,
the balance for which they charged and received
payment, no work has ever been done. They
had in' their hands fifty-one thousand sheets
of this kind of paper, of which they have used
eleven thousand sheets, and the balance, forty
thousand sheets, remains there unused. In the
balance of the unpaid bill are items for which
they have charged from two to ten times the
fair market price, although they were bound
by their contract to furnish these articles at
the lowest possible price. Having stated these
facts, which cover all that is embraced in the
resolution', I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was xipon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments 1
Mr. ELA. Certainly.
Mr. LAFLIN. It is due to the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] who presents
this report that it has met the approval of my
associate upon the Committee on Printing, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake,] and
myself. And it is further due to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire to state that for the
result of this investigation, for the assiduity
and cafe with which it has been prosecuted,
the House and the country are indebted to the
fentleman who makes this report. While he
imself has had the entire management of
this investigation, it has not been conducted
without the presence and without the approval
of some member of the committee other than
himself. And I think that whoever shall do
the committee the honor to read this report
will feel satisfied that its whole tone snd-lan-
guage indicate a fair and liberal spirit toward
all the parties involved in this controversy.
So far as I know every opportunity that these
men could ask has been granted to the gentle-
men^ interested in this matter to make every
possible explanation. And I wish h§re, upon
my responsibility as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing, to state that I have seen nothing
in the disposition of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Ela,] or in the disposition of
any person connected with our committee, to
refuse to any and every individual appearing
before our committee every possible opportu-
nity for explanation. I regret as much as any
member of this House can regret—possibly as
much as any person connected with this mat-
ter can regret—that we have been compelled
to arrive at the conclusion embodied in this
report. And if any member of the House, after
reading this report, shall have any fault to find
with the committee, it will be not that they
have charged too much, but they-hav'e charged
too little in the resolution now about to be
put upon its" passage. They have -done this
because it is their desire to give the parties
