1869.
WB :CONGliESSIONAL- GrLQm.
involved .in this matter every single advantage
of every single doubt. While, as this report
shows, a,large number of articles, inordinate
in quantify, are charged as having been deliv-
ered to the Patent Office, .which we cannot fiijd
in that office, yet because the parties professing
to have performed this contract swear to the
delivery of these goods, atid because the party
acting as messenger for the Government swears
that he received these goods, we liave given
these parties the benefit of that doubt, and have
failed to m%ke a reclamation upon them which
gentlemen, upon reading the report, might, per-
haps, think we ought to make.
in this resolution, I want members to under-
stand, we desire the House to commit itself to
these propositions: first, that the Government
shajl not be compelled to pay for a certain
amount of bond paper which the parties pro-
fess to haveready fordelivery at a.mostextraor-
dinary price and in quantities far,in excess
of the needs of the Department; sepond, that
these parties shall be obliged to return to the
Government a certain sum of money which has
been advanced to them in anticipation for
work .which has ,been charged and never per-
formed ; third, that they shall be obliged to
account to the Government of the United States
tor a certain number of .sheets of bond paper
now in. their possession for yvhich the Governr
ment has paid. - Tbjese are tbe three proposi-
tions involved in this resolution.
■Now, fhe grand result of this investigation,
in my opinion, is this: that it exhibits in the
Interior Department a method of awarding
contracts which indicates, on the part of the
Agents of the Government, either gross care-
lessness, gross stupidity, or gross criminality.
If the House will give me its attentiou for a
few moments, I wish to show upon what prin-
ciple stationery contracts have been awarded
in the Interior Department during the last two
or three years. Proposals having been invited
for stationery for this Department, and bids
having been sent in, a committee is appointed
to determine, upon the character of those bids,
under instructions to award the contract to the
lowest bidder in the .interest of the Govern-
ment. So: far so good. Bat when they come
to determine whatis for the interest of the Gov-
ernment they add up tbe prices of articles by
units and divide thetotal by theaggregate num-
ber of articles to find out which is the lowest
.bid for the interest of the Government, instead
of taking the aggregate of the totals for each
class of articles. For instance, a man bids for
a thousand reams of paper at twelve dollars
per ream; so many dozen pencils at $4 50; so
many gross of pens at $3 50, making three
classes of articles. The aggregate price of the
units is taken and divided by three, and if by
this method of calculation the aggregate prices
are lower than those of a man who .may be
making a pretty &ir bid the man whose units
are cheaper takes the contract. The result is
that in awarding these contracts the individ-
ual whose units make in the aggregate the
smallest sum receives the contract, although
the aggregate fqr all the articles to be delivered
is many thousand dollars more than the similar
aggregate of another party.
Some gentlemen around me ask me to
give a further explanation of this matter. A
party, for instance, puts in proposals to fur-
nish gold pens at $2.10 per dozen; twenty
pound paper at twenty centsper ream ; legal
cap paper (the value of which almost every
gentleman in the.House knows) at twenty cents
a refim ; but when l^e comes to an article large
quantities of which are to be used by the De-
partment—the knowlege of which is obtained
in some manner which we are, not perhaps able
to state with certainty—he bids for thoseartioles
at a most extravagant price. For instance,
while bidding for twenty pound paper at twenty
cents a ream he bids for so many sheets of
bond paper at eight cents a sheet .; while the
proof before the committee, and which the par-
ties themselves stand ready .to'attest, is that it
can be bought at a fair market price, allowing
a fair profit at two cents a sheet. , .
Mr. MILLER. I would lika-to know from
the gentleman whether thes© frauds which it
appears have been committed in the Interior
Department occurred under the administration
of the present head of that Department? ■
Mr. LAFLIN. How far the^bills resulting
from these contracts-have passed under the
supervision of tie present Secretary of the
Interior I cannot say. I will' say, however,
that a question arose in connection with this
very bond paper, whether the Secretary-of the
Interior had actually authorized a contract for
the delivery of this bond paper. It is evident
that in one instance he did; but I think it is
due to the Secretary of the Interior to say that
he was misled by the advice of subordinates in
whom he hadconfidence. .1 have seen nothing,
Mr. Speaker, in connection with this investi-
gation which, in my judgment, reflects upon
either the.integrity or the capacity of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. .
. Mr, BROMWELL. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from New York whether the parties
who liave connived at thes§ frauds are still in
office or hold anyposition of profit ior trust under
the Government? If so, does the gen tlernan from
New York or do the Committee on Printing con-
template bringing the subject to the attention
of the House to. secure their removal ?
. Mr. LAFLIN. It would be extremely diffi-
cult for me to answer that question in full. All
I can say is that this investigation had its ori-
gin, so far as I understand it, in the fact that
the present Commissioner of Patents on enter-
ing upon the performance of his duties began
to suspect the existence of certain frauds in
the way of delivering certain stationery. He
himself prosecuted this investigation aud satis,:
fied himself that such frauds did exist, and he
caused the removal of the parties who in his
judgment were implicated in these frauds.
Now, perhaps it is due, indeed it is,due, inas-
much as I have made this statement, to say to
the House that the. contractors claim, upon
their own sworn statement and on the sworn
statement of certain messengers employed at
thePatent Office, to have delivered every single
item charged by them. The House must of
course, from the report submitted by the com-
mittee,, draw the inference that this statement
is not considered as satisfactory. If it appears
that only one article of the inordinate quanti-
ties charged at extravagant prices cannot be
found it is a fair inference that those sworn
statements are not to be trusted.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I ask the gentleman
whether the malfeasance he has delineated is
limited to these particular questions, and
whether it does not enter into all the contracts
under the present system, and whether it has
not prevailed fqr many years?
Mr. LAFLIN. I should hardly be expected
by the gentleman from Tennessee in my official
capacity, while speaking upon such a report
without having examined into the facts, to de;
nounce all of the Departments as having been
engaged in fraudulent practices.
Mr. MAYNARD. I asked the question as
preliminary to another one, and that is whether
the contract system as it nowexists is not
defective, and whether some legislation is not
necessary in order to protect.the Government?
I ask whether the committee of which the gen-
tleman is the honored chairman would not do
a service to, the country by bringing in a bill
for that purpose?
Mr. LAFLIN. If, Mr. Speaker, with these
interruptions I can maintain the thread of
what I wish to say I shall be more fortunate
than, I expect. 1 will answer the gentleman
from Tennessee. It is the opinion of the com-
mittee that the whole contract system as con-
nected with stationery in the Departments is
wrong in principle and wrong in execution ;
and recognizing that fact, the committee have
prepared a bill which at the proper time will
be presented to the House for its action. The
bill does away with the present system,.and
places the supplying of the Government with
stationery-, under the same rules and
tio^is as were applied, as will be remembered,
J>y the mewb«-%.of tlie ThKtyrNiutli Cougrwa,
to .the supply, of printing paper. We itttwwl
at,the proper time to provide that all .supplies
of stationery shall be famished under >tjhe
same restrictions and guards <|S supplies.of
printing paper have Been under for the past
three or four years; I think the whole Houses
certainly those whose attention has bean called
to it, will .agree that that change, has. resulted
in advantage to the Government, ; . -
Mr. Speaker, I was going on to  y that
these parties charged for this _ bond paper a
certain price. It was four ^ prices above the
market price. Now, how did they claim the
right to the authority to supply this bond paper?
They, claimed it, and I .think; properly, that
successful bidders should hate the. right to
supply articles outside of the bid, but they
were to be furnished at the lowest marketprice.
These parties say that they were, directed to
furnish ,this bond paper by the. acting Com-
missioner of Patents at-a specific price. Per-
haps in what, I am going to say I shall not,
express the convictions of all of the committee.
If ray colleague from Pennsylvania does not
agree with me he will say so. In the- first
instance, they say General Stout ordered three
hundred thousand sheets of bond paper. That
appears by a letter.
I still further believe that at the time he
made this order there was an understanding,
if not direct, certainly very much implied,
that they eould furnish three hundred thousand
more. My authority for his,statement is this:
first, that he made a,-requisition upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior.for authority to famish
to this person thr.ee- hundred thousand sheets
of bond paper, which authority the Secretary
of the Interior gave. But, at the same time
that he asked for this authority, he submitted
to the Secret&ry-of the Interior a memorandum
in whichhegoes on to state whatwonld.be the
probable need of the Patent Office for a certain
time, and in that memorandum five hundred
thousand sheets of bond paper are named.
Then, for the purpose of leading the Secretary
of the Interior to anticipate a further demand
on him for an additional order for bond paper,
lie goes on to show that in his judgment niqety
thousand sheets of that paper would be required
per month. ...
Again, Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toole, upon
receiving, this first order from the acti«g .Com-
missioner of Patents under the authority, of
the Secretary of the Interior for these' three
hundred thousand sheets of bond paper, went
into the market and made an,arrangement, not
for three hundred thousand sheets of bond
paper, but for six hundred thousand. And
still further, after the expiration of about two
months, when the three hundred thousand sheets
of bond paper had been delivered, the acting
Com inissioner of Patents notifies the Secretary
of the Interior that Messrs. Dempsey & 0'Toole
had,in their possession, ready for delivery to
the Government, three hundred thousand more
sheets of bond paper. But at that time he
states in his letter that the needs of the office
were not so immediate as to require the -deliv-
ery of that paper, and that he should decline
to receive it except upon the authority of the
Secretary of the Interior. The Secretary of the
Interior never gave that order, and the bond
paper still remains in the possession of Messrs.
Dempsey & O'Toole. _ :
There is another circumstance connected
with this transaction which, in my judgment,
if not, I was going to say criminal, certainly
should never be permitted by the Government,
It is this : at the time this order was given for
this bond paper the agent of the Government,
Acting Commissioner Stout, saw fit to take the
money of the Government and advance the
entire sum required for the purchase of that
bond paper at the price named. In other
words, when this order was given for the three
hundred thousand shee's at eight cents a sheet
he authorized an advance t,o be made to
Messrs. Dempsey & O'Toole of $24,000, re-
ceiving, as he says, satisfactory security, when
in fact, as can be proved by the gentlemen
