1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
the sake of the other branch of this argument
in regard to interest, was added to an appro-
priation bill. Therefore, unless the Senator
will show a case in which the Presiding Officer
of the Senate or the Senate held such a prop-
osition to be in order despite a point of order
such as is made here, he shows, I submit,
nothing in respect of authority cogent on this
subject.
Now, take it in principle; and can it stand
for one moment the criticism suggested by the
rule? Is it a claim existing, substantiated by
"existing law" within the meaning of the
rule? What is the intention of the rule in
that regard? I understood the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to make an argument
yesterday substantially this:
"Here is a claim against the Government; how
can it. exist? Only upon those principles which we
generalize by the nameoflaw; ergo, it is a claim under
existing law."
Isthattlie meaning of the rule? Sofarfrom
that, no man can read it and doubt that it de-
signs to admit a claim substantiated by exist-
ing law only in the sense of an act of Congress.
Is that true of this claim? The reverse is spe-
cifically true upon the section adopted in 1859,
which has been read; and as the Senator
frankly said this morning, because that stat-
ute is silent, because nothing can be derived
from it as authorizing the Treasury Depart-
ment to allow this interest, this legislation is
sought.
It' it is not a claim under existing law, then
the honorable Senator sees that if lie can argue
the Senate into the belief that it is not a pri-
vate claim, he having been authorized by his
committee to move it, he brings himself within
the rule. Is it a private claim? The ques-
tion is whether a railway corporation shall
receive a sum which I am told amounts to
$700,000 or thereabouts. That would make
a claim very private in some senses certainly;
butweare told that the Commonwealth of .Mas-
sachusetts is the assignor of this claim, and
therefore it cannot be private. Why ? Be-
cause a State is not a person, not an artificial
person, not a corporation hac vice. Let us
admit that the State of Massachusetts having
been originally the owner of this claim it has
not taken upon itself the qualities of a private
claim.
Mr. President, test that argument for one
moment by familiar instances in our history.
Take the French spoliation claims, which,
if they existed at all, existed by the law of
nations. \\ hen those claims had become the
property of private assignees, whether specu-
lators or not, were they private claims against
the Government? Take any claim, however
public or general in its character, when it
becomes the subject of private ownership by a
natural or an artificial person—because a cor-
poration is only an artificial person—is it not
private in its character? When you have re-
duced it to personal or private possession; when
the whole jus disponendi is in the hands of a
citizen, and nobody else is interested, is not
that a private claim? If not, whynot? Because,
argues the Senator, at some anterior period
of history it was a public claim in its owner-
ship and representation. I submit that that
distinction is wholly unsatisfactory ; that this
is a private claim; and that if it be in order
under the rule 110 claim is out of order. I
would like some Senator to state any claim
which the rule would act upon if it does not
act upon this—a claim which, according to the
argument yesterday, does not arise under ex-
isting law in the compendious sense of general
law establishing duty, and could not exist at
all. Therefore, as to that branch of the argu-
ment, every claim that exists must be in con-
sequence of existing law. That I answer by
saying it means an act of Congress establish-
ing it, and there is no such act here.
If it be said that this is not a private claim
because it comes from a party owning it origin-
ally, not a private party, then I submit that all
the claims which have been talked about in
Congress for the last half century, public in
their origin, although they have become pecu-
liarly and some of them odiously private in
their character, would be entirely void of
offense against this rule. Now, sir, the prop-
osition is that a railroad company deriving
title, no matter how, pursues against the Gov-
ernment of the United States a demand of
some hundreds of thousands of dollars. The
merits of it I say nothing about, whether it
should be paid or not; I speak simply of its
character, and I submit to the Senate that it
is clearly within this rule, and that it is idle
for the Appropriation Committee to stand upon
questions of order or anything else against
appropriations at large unless the Senate will
stand by the committee in resisting a proposi-
tion like this.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the pre-
cedents which have been quoted by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, it seems
to me, are not met by the honorable Senator
from New York when he says that it is to be
presumed that those claims which have passed
in a dozen instances or more by being put
upon appropriation bills have passed without
the objection being made that they were out
of order. It is probable that no one did object
that claims of this sort, in behalf of the differ-
ent States of the Union, were piivate claims.
I do not believe that the idea ever entered into
the head of any Senator ten years ago to say
that a claim by one of the States against the
United States was a private claim at all. I do
not believe the idea was ever conceived; it is
a thing altogether of modern growth, a mod-
ern notion entirely, that States have become
mere private corporations.
Mr. FREEING HUYSEN. I desire to ask
the Senator from Wisconsin this question 
Mr. DOOLII'i'LE. If my honorable friend
will allow me I intend to occupy hut a short
time, and it is on this particular point.
Mr. FRELINGHL'YSEN. It was only on
that point that I wished information, whether
there can be any doubt that if the Government
would pay this claim to the States of Massa-
chusetts and Maine, having notice that it be-
longs to a railroad company, the Government
would in legal contemplation have no discharge
of the claim whatever. In other words, it is
a private claim, no matter who the nominal
party may be.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is anticipating a
point which I intended to mention before con-
cluding; but I will go on with the order of my
remarks as I intended. I maintain that, if there
be any such thing as a public claim upon the
Government of the United States it is the claim
of a State of this Union. It is a claim as pub-
lic in its nature as if that claim were in behalf
of a foreign Power. If Great Britain had a
claim against the United States it certainly
would be public; we could not in any sense
say that it was a piivate claim ; and if any one
of the States of this Union has a valid claim
against the Government of the United States
it is a public claim, just as public as it' it were
a claim against the Government of Great Brit-
ain or any one of the other Powers of the earth,
because in our theory we have recognized the
States as independent States, united under the
Constitution it is true, having surrendered a
portion ot their sovereignty it is true ; but yet,
as among themselves and as between the States
and the General Government, except where
the Constitution has made it otherwise, they
are public States like independent nations.
The courts in all their decisions hold that
States as between each other are like foreign
States. The mode of receiving the records of
the States proves it, they are received as com-
ing from foreign States when duly certified.
Now, Mr. President, the question arises,
what effect is to he given to the fact which I
understand, and which has been stated here
on the floor, that the State of Massachusetts
and the State ot Maine has pledged, by a pub-
lic act of those States, the proceeds of this
claim to aid a railway corporation in construct-
ing its line from the State of Maine to St. Johns.
Now does that make the claim as between us
and the State of Massachusetts and the State
of Maine any less a public claim? Those States
have a claim. It belongs to them. They, it ia
true, in advance have said, "If we receive the
amount of this claim we will pledge it for a given
purpose." Whatisthatpurpjse? Thatpurpose
is not private. There is nothing in the pledge
itself, nor in the purpose for which the proceeds
are to be paid, which is private in its nature, so
far as the States of Maine and Massachusetts are
concerned, nor so far as the Government of
the United States is concerned. I undertake
to say that the purpose for which these very
proceeds are pledged is public; it is import-
ant, and one of the most important things that
can be considered ; I mean that which builds
up a connection between the New England
States and Nova Scotia. We of the West cer-
tainly should be the last representatives in
this body to stand back when the Government
has any legitimate mode of aiding in the de-
velopment of highways which shall bind, not
only our States together, but which shall open
to us the commerce of the world. I do not
think there is a railway projected, unless it may
be the Pacific railroad, of more public import-
ance or more national importance than a rail-
way which shall connectus at this moment with
Nova Scotia. The railway, ifonce built, lead-
ing to Halifax, in Nova Scotia, will bind Nova
Scotia to the United States in all its interests
and in all its sympathies ; and I, for one, am
looking to the future on this question as well
as to the present. It is all-important that
that railroad should be built. Now, sir, we
know very well that the United States have
not public land in that direction which they
can give to aid in the construction of these
railways. The United States are not in a condi-
tion to give subsidies; but if the Government
| of the United States honestly owes the State
of Massachusetts and the State of Maine this
sum of money, and they, through public con-
siderations, have in advance pledged the pro-
ceeds, not to put them into their own Treas-
ury, but to build a great public work for the
benefit of the whole country, why should we
talk about its being a mere private claim?
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator inform me
when this claim was first presented ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Iunderstand that Maine
and Massachusetts have been claiming it for
twenty or thirty years.
Mr. GRIMES. When was it first called to
the attention of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. In 1820.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator the appli-
cation here?
Mr. SUMNER. I have it not here; but I
think it is a matter of history, and agents were
appointed by Massachusetts in 1825 and 1826,
not for the interest, but for what is called the
Massachusetts claim.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. In
the Thirty-Eighth Congress it was presented
with other claims.
meeting op nkxt congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Wisconsin I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the joint resolution
authorizing the House of Representatives to
meet at three o'clock on the 4th of March;
which in order to make their arrangements to
attend the inauguration, they desire to have
passed now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) If no objection be interposed that sub-
ject may be considered now.
Mr. PESSENDEN. There is some question
whether that resolution can be passed with
safety. If they do not meet until three o'clock
and we meet at twelve we only meet a3 part
of a Congress. We are not called together by
the President.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can assent that they
meet at three o'clock. I ask that the resolu-
tion be read ; and if it is objected to as a mat-
ter of course I will not press it now.
Mr. SUMNER. The first statute provides
for the meeting of the session at twelve o'clock ;
