830
SHS-'€0NGRBSSI01i"lLJ G-LOBE.
February 8,
themselves^ or if hot bythenr by anyman re
fete trade, that the entire amount of this paper
could have-been purchased in open market for
$©,000, or one quarter the- sum actually paid.
■ Now, I propose to give—for I watit to do
perfect justice to all the parties—their own ex-
planation of the matter.' They say that under
this system of awarding "contracts it was ne-
cessary-for them', in o'rder:tohold' themselves
in a condition- able-to deliver Certain articles
at prices b«low cost, to bid for a large number
of articles at* an extravagant price; therefore
they adopted the rule of charging eight cents
per sheet/for this-bond papSsr, when in fact it
aid not cost them', say, but two. Another rea,-
son was, that in- making out this charge they
simply followed the practiced the Department
in years; gone by. A third reason was, tiiat
as business men, having received this order
from the Commissioner -with the price named,
it was not for them to reduce it. Now, the
committee answer these men in this way: we
-say you derive the right to furnish this article
of stationery nnder the general clause which
authorizes you to furnish all articles outside
of your bid. We say that when you were to
deliver these articles you were to furnish it at
the lowest market price; and inasmuch as you
knowingly did charge for these goods a great
deal more than the lowest- market- priee we
have a right to review these bills and refuse
payment to yoa.
But I want the House to understand, as I in-
timated before, what the committee have done.
The money is gone, and what we presume to
do is this: to recommend that no more paper
bo taken at this extravagant price. In con-
senting to this refusal we work no injustice to
the parties, because it is in perfect proof that
if they throw into the Potomac every sheet of
bond paper they now have on hand which they
claim that we should take they will still have
in their possession two dollars for every one
they have paid forit. Then, there was another
thing that struck nsaS somewhat singular; and
that is, wefbnnduponexaminationtbatthe Gov-
ernment has been charged for a great quantity
of articles' the existence of which we cannot
find in the office. Some of those articles are
of a character which by their use disappear,
but others are articles which remain. Now, if
we found only one single article that possessed
this peculiar character we certainly should not
complain, but when we can point to a number
of such articles, and extravagant quantities of
them at most extravagant prices, we came to
the conclusion that there was something wrong
somewhere—"somethingrotten in Denmark."
Mr. McKEB. I would'ask the gentleman
whether in all these contracts in the Patent
Office, as well as in all the other subordinate
departments of the Interior Department, the
Secretary of the Interior is not really the super-
vising officer, the contracting party? Is it
not his place to approve and really make the
contracts 1
Mr. LAFLIN. I presume the gentleman
from Kentucky is correct, upon the princi-
ple, " qui faait per alium faeit per se." We
find here, for instance, charged to the Depart-
ment forty-six cavcat books, at about forty
dollars apiece. A caveat book—to answer the
inquiry of gentlemen around me—is a demi-
book, or medium book, printed in the form
in which caveats are entered at the Patent
Office. It is a book of printed forms. Now,
we say that if the Government really received
those caveat books, inasmuch as they are arti-
cles of no value to anybody outside of the Pat-
ent Office, we ought to discover the existence
°if a' 'e one ou' ^>e forty-six; yet after
the most thorough examination that we have
been able to make we can find no single caveat
book in use in the-office except one, which
bears the imprint of another firm.
Now, let me go a step further. The com-
mittee are under the impression that these
b©oks for which the Grovernmeut is charged
forty dollars apiece cost from ten to fifteen
dollars. But I will not take the estimate of
the committee ; I do not ask the House to
abide by our judgmentbut whiieTa® speak-
ing outsido of'the reeord, on.my own private
knowledge, I may be allowed to- say that
Messrs. Bernpsey & O'Toole, when called upon
to explain-bow it was that this charge had
been made, and no books answering' to the
description could be found, did present to me
yesterday bills from & certain printing office
in the city Of New' 1foyk, sworn to, purporting
to be charges for'these'very books, and in those
bills the charges for ■these books are $18 62'.
Noic, Messrs. -Dempsey & O'Toole say to-xis:
"We- prove to *you that we delivered these
books,'firfet by our own sworn'statement and
blllfe,,and second,'by the sworfit statement of
your messenger. If the;books*have been pur1
Joined and taken from -your-office we fere not
responsible for them:"1 " , - ;
Well, then, there is awotherthing. The man
who had charge of the office and who was to
receive these goods had occasion to take a
summer vacation, and there was placed in
charge of the office a new man, and that man
was instructed'to and did, as he swears, keep
an exact record of all the articles that were
delivered while he had charge of the office ;
and when the bills came in for that month we
found that in the very month when this new
party had ehatge'of the room goods ten times, I
think, as large as those receipted for by this
messenger had Been charged. Now, Messrs.
Dempsey & O'Toole-tell us that these orders
were received frofli the messenger who had
usually taken charge of these boOks. But we
say to them, "If these orders were received
in advance, why did you charge the Govern-
ment under these dates, and claim that these
goods were delivered under these dates, when
our very messenger swears that ho did not re-
ceive any such articles ? " They answer us by
stating that these goods were delivered to this
mau and to that man and to the other man ;
certainly a very irregular proceeding. And
when they were called upon to bring forward
before our committee the men who received
these articles they were struck with the most
remarkable obliviousness, with a strange for-
getfulness of the men to whom these goods
were delivered; they cannotgive us satisfactory
information upon that point. I have endeav-
ored to give a fair, candid, and clear explana-
tion of this matter, as I understand it. I will
not occupy more of the time of the House, be-
cause I see that my associate [Mr. Bla] is
anxious to yield some of his time to others.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] has thirteen minutes
remaining of his hour.
Mr. ELA. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Je^ckes.]
Mr. JENCKES., I will first inquire of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela]
whether this resolution extends any further
than to cancel the purchase of bond paper and
the purchase of printed heads for patents?
Mr. ELA. It goes to the extent of the bond
paper in their possession, and to deduct from
the charges on the unpaid bills the amount of
those charges above a fair market price.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to state for the in-
formation of the House that this subject has
been investigated by the Committee on Re-
trenchment under the resolution of the Senate,
and that committee has come to the conclusion
to recommend that this contract be canceled,
and a bill has passed the Senate and is now
awaiting the action of the House for that pur-
pose—the entire contract for furnishing sta-
tionery to the Interior Department for the
current year. That is recommended upon the
ground that in making this contract the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the subordinate
officers of that Department, did not comply
with the acts of Congress in certain important
requisites. These contracts were made nnder
the act of 1842, which requires estimates to be
made and inserted in the bids for stationery
for the Departments of the quantity of those
articles to be used during the' year. In this
case there was nothing which could properly
be called an estimate so made and published.
What was published' was simply some loose
statements of figures, not deserving to be called
estimates, and hardly fit to be called guesses.
There was no inventory taken of the station-
ery on hand in the Department; there was no
examination of the business of the office to
ascertain what had been the ususil amount of
stationery consumed there. But a person re-
ceiving the'loose statements of the messenger
made out the advertisement without any regard
to the requirements of the law. Hence, not
having been founded upon law, the committee
recommended that the contract be entirely
abrogated.
' Another reason for racking that recommend-
ation'is the very defieieht system of making
these offers'or bids. That has been explained
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Laf-
lis.] The contracts are based not upon the
lowest bids' in connection with quality and
quantity, but upon the lowest of a number of
bids,- on what is called an average of an aggre-
gate of units. These stationery dealers of
course have more or less connection with the
Departments, and they sometimes know bet-
ter than the officers of the'Department what
amount is used. Hence they make not so
-much bids as bets.
Mr. WARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that this matter- has been investi-
gated by the Committee on Retrenchment?
Mr. JENCKES. It has.
Mr. WARD. Have they made a report?
Mr. JENCKES. They have reported a bill
to cancel the entire contract'. As I have said,
these offers on the part of these stationery
dealers are not so much bids as bets. And
the one who lias the best knowledge of the
business of the bureau which he proposes to
supply with stationery can Underbid one who
has less acquaintance with that business. For
these two reasons the Committee on Retrench-
ment have reported a proposition to cancel
this entire contract. And I trust the House
will allow that bill to be taken up and passed.
Mr. ELA. T now yield to my colleague
upon the committee, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. CAKE. It had not been my intention
to say a word on this subject. But I am afraid
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Laflin]
has committed me in a direction which I do
not like. I do not feel that tenderness for the
Secretary of the Interior which the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Laflin] shows in this
investigation. I do not see anything in the
course of the investigation or in the testimony
that can clear entirely the Secretary"^ skirts
and put the whole blame upon General Stout,
who acted as Commissioner of Patents for only
two or three months. . All the irregularities
that we're practiced in that office were not prac-
ticed during that short period. I desire to say
that if the'committee had not agreed to at once
report a bill correcting the abuses discovered
I should have offered a resolution asking that
this investigation might be extended through
all the Departments, because I am well con-
vinced that these irregularities have been
practiced throughout. ' I do not believe that
General Stout is as culpable as has been made
to appear, and I do believe that all the De-
partments have been squandering the public
money in stationery contracts.
Mr. LAFLIN. Will my colleague [Mr.
Ela] yield to me that I may put a question to
my associate on the committee, [Mr. Cake?]
Mr. ELA. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Cake] whether he read the corresDondence
submitted to the committee yesterday?
Mr. CAKE. I did not read the whole of the
long letter of the Secretary of the Interior;
but I hold it to be impossible that these irreg-
ularities could go on from year to year, as we
are now satisfied they have been going on, with-
out the head ofthe Department knowingsome-
thing about them. Iam not willing, because
a mere letter has been submitted by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to take the responsibility
out of the proper hands. The head of the De
partment should be held responsible. •
