.0684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 25,
tinted between Great Britain and the United
States is likely to be rejected by the Senate of
the United States. We know that the subject-
matters involved in that treaty are of the most
important character; our relations to Great
•Britain are the most delicate ; and no man now
can foresee what is to come out of the difficul-
ties existing between Great Britain and our-
selves. With our boundary lineupon the North-
west still unsettled, and our claims upon Great
Britain in reference to depredations committed
by cruisers upon the high seas still unsettled,
no man can know what is to come; but one
thing we do know, that in view of our relations
to the British provinces, especially to Nova
Scotia, it is important that the Government of
the United States should cultivate the most
friendly relations with that province; and this
public highway which is proposed to be built
and "to which the proceeds of this claim are
pledged is, next to the Pacific railroad, one of
the most important of the railways of the
United States in a national point of view. I
therefore maintain that neither when we
look at the character of the claimants—the
State of Massachusetts and the State of Maine,
being States of this Union—nor when we look
upon the purposes for which they pledge the
proceeds of the claims, if they are granted,
can we regard this as a private affair? It is
public in all its bearings.
A single word further, and I am done. I
think that when we have been sustained in the
West by the States of New England in the free
donation of the public lands to aid in the build-
ing of railways, and also in the giving of large
subsidies in the building up of a railway from
here to California; and when in more fortu-
nate circumstances, with the national credit
better restored, we may reasonably hope that
the Government of the United States may aid
in the construction of two other railways across
the Territories, binding the Atlantic and the
Pacific together, I think if there does exist a
just claim upon the Government in favor of
Maine and Massachusetts for this amount of
money the representatives of the West cer-
tainly can have no reason to resist the payment
of the claim of Maine and Massachusetts, even
though they have pledged the proceeds to the
building of this national highway.
Mr. Patterson", of New Hampshire, rose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an ex-
planation before my friend from New Hamp-
shire proceeds. There is a very great misap-
prehension with regard to the appropriation
of this money. It is not absolutely assigned
to this railroad company. The statute as it
stands, as I am informed, and as I have no
doubt, is simply a law that upon the comple-
tion of any ten miles of this railroad the State
will appropriate $10,000 for each mile as long
as this money lasts. The State keeps the claim
in its own hands; it keeps the money in its
own hands; but simply says with regard to this
great public work, ''We will pay to you out
of our treasury so long as the proceeds of this
particular claim last so much per mile when
you have completed a certain number of miles."
Now, what in the world can that arrangement
between the State and the persons engaged in
building this railroad have to do in changing
the nature of this claim because it has made
that agreement to appropriate that money in
a particular way? And yet gentlemen talk as
if this claim bad gone out of the hands of the
State entirely, whereas it is retained in the
hands of the State.
Now, I wish to answer the question put by
my honorable friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Fuelinghuysex. ] He asks how the discharges
should be obtained. The discharges could be
obtained from the States, and in no other way.
This is an appropriation to pay a claim of
Massachusetts and Maine. The Treasury De-
partment would pay this money over to no-
body but to those States and would get their
discharge. That is the mode in which it is to
be done and must be done, whether the States
have assigned the claim or not. That is a
matter between the State and the assignee.
Now let me answer the question of law which
is raised here. How is it in regard to a note
of hand not negotiable on its face, as we un-
derstand the term "negotiable'1 at the com-
mon law? That note may be sold. All the
interest in it may pass and does pass, but how
must you bring a suit in a court according to
the common law? You must bring it in the
name of the assignor, the original payee. Can
the defendant set up that that has been assigned,
and that the original assignor, the person to
whom it was given, has not any interest in it;
that it is brought in his name and he has no
interest in it? That never would be held to
be a good answer in a court of law.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose the
way a suit would be brought would be in the
name of the assignor for the use of the assignee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You would not say
anything about the assignment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. You must at
common law; and if a payment was made to the
assignor by the party who owed the debt, and not
to the assignee, I do not think the claim would
be good. It is payable to the party who is bene-
ficially interested if you have notice of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; suppose
that is the case. I do not know what the prac-
tice may be in New Jersey, but I know what
the practice at common law is, and that you
say nothing about the assignment in a suit;
you simply bring your suit in the name of the
assignor and the matter of the assignment to
the assignee is not stated, and it cannot be
pleaded that the assignee is not a party to the
suit. That is no matter of consequence to the
defendant in the case. Buteven supposingthat
it is as the Senator states, the business of the
Treasury Department is to get the proper dis-
charges ; and if the discharge of the State is
not enough, then they can get the discharge of
the person to whom the assignment is made.
There is no difficulty about that.
Mr. FEELINGH UYSEN. I did not appre-
hend there was any difficulty in getting the dis-
charges. I only asked that question as a test
question, to see whether this claim did in fact
belong to the States or the railroad companies,
as to where you must go for the discharge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In getting the discharge
we may do what we please; but as I said be-
fore the promisor of a note cannot take the
point at all in any court of law. So far as he
is concerned it is the claim of the original
promisee, and he cannot inquire any further
about it one way or the other. It is none of
his business to whom it belongs. Moreover, I
dispute the Senator's law. If the United States
is notified by a party that it owns that claim
it will have to have the discharge of the party;
if it is not notified by any other party who owns
that claim the discharge of the original owner
is good.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is certainly
so; but we are notified in this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; then they
are entitled to both of their discharges.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is not the
question of discharge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, it is not a question
of discharge; but it is the question which the
Senator raised by way of testing the fact. I
say, in answer to his question, so far as that is
concerned it has nothing to do with it.
Mr. GRIMES. Now, will the Senator answer
me a question ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will try to do so.
Mi. GRIMES. Has it not been repeatedly
decided by the Senate that claims of States
came within the rule of the Senate, and that
they would rule them out of order just like any
other claim?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator knows as
much about that as I do. All I have to say is
that the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, has been hunting
the records ever since last night when this
amendment came up to find such an instance,
and he has made his speech to-day and has
not been able to find one.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not asking what the
That was not a ques-
Senator from Ohio has found in the records.
I am only asking the Senator if it is not within
his own knowledge and recollection that that
has been done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no knowledge
and no recollection about it. If the Senator
will show me a precedent 1 will admit it.
Mr. GRIMES. I recollect very well that it
has been so decided, and that it was so decided
by the Senate on my motion, when the Senator
from Maine was conducting an appropriation
bill through this body, and a proposition was
offered in behalf of the State of Maine by the
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] who I understand, although I was
not here when he spoke, said no such thing
had ever happened.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
tion of this kind.
Mr. GRIMES. It was a claim of the State
of Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was a claim of the
State of Maine, undoubtedly ; but the point
made by the Senator at that time, according
to my recollection, was not that it was a pri-
vate claim 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, it was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember the matter
distinctly, and that the Senate decided against
the admission of it. It was put to the Senate,
and it was put to the Senate px-ecisely in this
way, "Will the Senate admit the claim?"
It was not put as a decision whether it was a
private claim or not. I remember the Senator's
argument as well as his point, and I remember
the case. The Senator's argument was thus :
"Here it is, twelve o'clock at night of the
last nightofthe session, and this is a bill': 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will ask the Senator if that was not an entirely
different case? Was it not a claim of indi-
viduals for damages for land taken under the
treaty ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it was.
Mr. SUMNER. It was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was the claim of
individuals under the Eaton and other grants.
Mr. GRIMES. There are so many claims
from the State of Maine that we may easily
get them confounded, and I can pardon Sen-
ators for not comprehending exactly which
particular claim was the one ; but as I made
the point myself, I think my recollection is
quite good on that subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My recollection is tbat
it was under the treaty. There was a claim
made, I think, to the amouunt of §140,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it was the
claim of certain individuals whose land was
taken under the treaty.
Mr.PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. And
which the treaty provided should be quieted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir ; it was to
quiet their titles. That was that claim. I re-
member it now.
But, sir, with regard to this matter I endeavor
to keep myself within the rules of order and to
argue a question of order, as 1 think it should
be, without going into the merits. But when
my honorable friend from Iowa makes this fling
about "so many claims of the State of Maine,"
he will allow me to say to him, with great re-
spect, that he knows that that has nothing to
do with this question of order ; and if the Sen-
ator wants to meet me on that, or to have me
meet him on that point, I am willing to talk
about the claims of the State of Maine or the
grabs of the State of Maine against Iowa or
any other State in this Union. If you want
the question discussed as to how much money
has been taken from the public Treasury and
the public property I am ready for it. We ask
for the payment of a debt if one exists, not
for gifts.
Now, with regard to the claim that is par-
ticularly spoken of, all I have to say is that
although the Senator may have made the point
that it was a private claim, and being for pri-
vate individuals it was so, yet the manner in
which the question was put was precisely this:
" It is now twelve o'clock at night, the last night
