1869.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
of the session, and it is not right to bring up a
question of this kind under these circumstances
to be considered when the Senate has no time'
to consider it;" and the mode in which the
question was to be submitted to the Senate
was, "Will the Senate allow the claim to go
upon this bill?" and it was decided in the neg-
ative, and I do not know but that it was prop-
erly decided. Those are the facts.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not tfish tcrdiscuss the merits of the amend-
ment upon the question of order as to the in-
troduction''of it; but I desire to answer the
question of the Senator from Iowa. He wished
to know when this claim was first presented.
The'claim for interest upon the advances made
by Maine and Massachusetts in the war of 181-2
was, so far as I know, first presented in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, but the claim upon
the Government for the advances made in
the war of 1812-15 has been before Congress
almost ever since the peace after the.close of
that war. There have been three payments: a
small payment made soon after the close of the
war, a payment of over four hundred thousand
dollars in 1830, and a payment of over two
hundred and twenty seven thousand dollars in
1859. Now, the question is as to the interest
on those principals. The reason why Maine
and Massachusetts have not been here before
asking interest is simply this: the last pay-
ment of principal was made in 1859 ; the civil
war broke out immediately; and for one Con-
gress, and one Congress only, the question
went over. But in the Thirty-Eighth Congress'
they came and asked that they should receive
interest on this principal just the same as Mary-
land, Virginia, Delaware, New York, Penn-
sylvania, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia,
Washington Territory, and New Hampshire
had received it. Provision was made during
the Mexican war for the payment of interest on
all the advances made for that war by the States
on the very principle upon which this claim
rests. I will give you the language of that act.
During the Mexican war a general provision
was made in the following language:
" That in expending moneys underthis act and the
resolution which it amends, it shall be lawful to pay
interest at the rate of six por cent, per annum ou
ail sums advanced by States, corporations, or indi-
viduals, in all cases where the State, corporation, or
individual paid or lost interest oris liable to pay it."
Now, all that Maine and Massachusetts ask
is to have the interest paid on the advances
which they made the same as it was paid to all
these other States. The principle laid down in
the law is this: that wherever a State advances
money to the United States for the prosecution
of a war it shall receive interest where the
State pays interest or loses interest. Thatisall
that Maine and Massachusetts ask in this case.
The case has never been closed. Here is the
language of the Third Auditor, under whose
eye this claim came. He soys:
"It does not appear by either of tho statements
that any interest was allowed; nor is there any evi-
dence onfile in thisoffice that any demand was made
by the State for interest."
That is all that he says. They did not de-
mand the interest nnt.il they got the principal,
and were very glad to get the principal; and
they did not get that for nearly half a century ;
and now they simply come here and ask that
the same measure of justice may be given
to them which has been given to the other
States.
Mr. PRE LIN GH tJ Y SEN. We are on the
question of order now.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Now Hampshire. I
am coming to that. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Coxness] claims that this is not
a public claim but a private claim ; and to
prove jt he says that Massachusetts has no in-
terest in the claim and never had, and having
no interest in the claim she made over what
nominal claim she had to these railroad com-
panies. The very reverse of that is true.
Massachusetts, as a State, felt so much inter-
est m it that her late lamented Governor caine
here and called the two Committees on For-
eign Relations together and addressed them
40th Cong. 3d Rrs=w.—No. 100.
oa the importance; the justice, and the hon-
esty of this claim,
Mr. CONNESS. What I stated on that
point was that Massachusetts held .the claim
m her own name while there was any prospect
for pressing its payment successfully, but when
that failed she assigned the claim. That was
what I stated.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Not at all. In the Thirty-Eighth Congress Mas-
sachusetts made over her elaim to these rail-
road companies, and why? In order to meet
an appropriation which had been made in New
Brunswick of $10,000 a mile for the building
of a road from St. John's to the line, New
Brunswick stipulating that she would give that
amount to build this road, if the States of
Massachusetts and Maine would pay an equal
amount to build the road from Bangor up to
meet their road at the line. It is said that
Massachusetts has no interest in this. This is
a mistake; because it lessens one fourth the
ocean path between this country and Europe
and brings Boston two days nearer to Liver-
pool than she will be without the road. Does
Boston feel no interest in the completion of
this road? It brings over every pound of
merchandise, it brings every passenger between
London or Liverpool and this country two days
nearer to New York, and brings them so much
nearer to the constituents of the gentleman
from Iowa ; and therefore it is a matter of pub-
lic interest, and the gentleman from Iowa ought
to support it on that ground.
Mr. GRIMES. I fully understand the Sen-
ator now. He is putting it on the right ground.
It is a question of building a railroad, not of
paying a debt.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. It
is a question of paying a debt in order to build
a railroad. That is the point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
a question of order, the Chair feels it his duty
to remind Senators that they should confine
themselves to that question.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am very glad that at last the Chair has come to
that decision.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By a reference to the
Jo\ft-nal I find that on the 20th of February,
1861, the following proceedings occurred while
an appropriation bill was under consideration :
"On motion by Mr. Lane, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to amend the
bill by. inserting at the end of the first section:
" For the payment of the coupons outstanding and
now unpaid accruing between the 1st day of January,
18.31, and thel6th dayof August,1856, upon thebonds
of the State of California, issued for the payment
of expenses incurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities prior to the 1st day of January, 1854, the
redemption of which bonds was authorized by acts
of Congress of August 5,1854, August 18, 1856, and
June 23, 1860, $177,196 2o; said coupons upon being
certified by the Third Auditor of the Treasury to be
those designated by this section to be paid by the
Secretary of War to the holder or holders thereof.
"A question of order was raised* by Mr. Fessen-
dex, whethei the proposed amendment was in order
under the thirtieth rule.
" The President, (Mr. Clakic in the chair,) sub-
mitted the question of order to the decision of the
Senate.
"Is the proposed amendment in order under the
thirtieth rule?
" It was determined in the negative."
As far as I can perceive this was a case ex-
actly like the present, in which the State of
California was interested. At sundry times at
that session and the two preceding sessions an
amendment was offered by Mr. Simmons, of
Rhode Island, providing for the payment of one
of these four claims on behalf of Maine and
Massachusetts, which was uniformly ruled out
of order on the ground that it was inconsistent
with the thirtieth rule of the Senate. I remem-
ber also that two sessions since this question of
whether a claim by a State for moneys advanced
to the Government was a private elaim or not
was considered at an evening session. It was
a session either devoted to private claims or to
private bills ; and after debate it was ruled and
adjudged by the Senate that that was a private
bill or a private claim, and therefore in order
to be considered at that session, and the bill
was passed. I believe it was a claim by my own
State. That was a • distinct deeisiwn within
my recollection upon precisely the question^ of
order raised here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ?
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do' not
mean to say anything on the merits of this case.
I simply wish to call attention to the point
of order. It is on -that we are to vote, and
not on anything else.' In the first place, is the
character of this claim changed because Massa-
chusetts has generously pledged it to a public
work? Certainly not. Itis the claim of Massa-
chusetts ; it is not the claim of this railroad
company. They do not appear here. They
cannot appear here. Suppose Massachusetts
had pledged it to the charities of the State;
pledged it to the construction of the roads of
the State or to any other of those interests
which she delights to protect; that would not
have come within the cognizance of Congress.
It is enough that the claim belongs to Massa-
chusetts, and it is for her in her discretion to
assign it to any party or company she sees fit.
Therefore, sir, do 1 insist that because this
claim has been generously pledged by Massa-
chusetts to a public interest it is none the less
a public claim.
And now, sir, pardon me if I refer to the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conklxng,]
who did me the honor to attribute to me an
argument and then at very considerable length
to answer it. I took no such ground as he
did me the honor to attribute to me. I made
no allusion to this claim as arising under any
existing law. From the beginning I have put
it on one single ground, and on that I stand:
that itis a public claim and not a private claim.
Others in the course of the debate may have
adopted the ground to which the Senator from
New York paid so much attention ; I have not.
I have insisted that it was a public elaim ;
that is all.
And this brings me to the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] who, quoting Barclay's Digest,
read to us a passage which he-seemed to con-
sider decisive. It was as follows :
"It has been the practice in Parliament, and also
in Congress, to consider as private such [bills! as are
for the interest of individuals, public companies, or
corporations, aparish, city, county,or other locality."
Those are the words, and they are copied
from parliamentary law ; but, sir, on simply
listening to them you will see at once that they
are inapplicable to the claim of a State. A
State is not in the view of this language "an
individual, a public company, a corporation,
a parish, a city, a county, or other local-
ity." A State does not come under the head
of " another locality." This language is bor-
rowed from the parliamentary law. I need
not say that under that law no such thing as a
State is known. The preeminence of a State
is peculiar to our own institutions. Its title
on this floor is recognized by the Constitution
of the United States. Its precedence appears
in the daily order of business. It does not,
therefore, come within the text that has been
cited. It stands by itself.
Now, you are asked to decide the question
of order whether a claim in the name of a
State can be voted out of order as a private
claim. I ask again the question, if this be not
a public claim, pray tell me what is a public
claim? Where will you find one? I need say
no more, sir. The question of order can be
decided but one way. Senators have searched
for cases the other way. Where are they ?
The Senator from Iowa alluded vaguely to one
which took place, but there is no assurance
that it was in point, whereas I bring to you
eighteen cases on your statute-book directly in
point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. A general appropria-
tion bill being under consideration, the Sena-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumnek] moved
an amendment to add to it a section providing
