TME CONGRESSIONAL GLQ
for .a claim of the States of Maine and Massa-
chusetts. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
raised the point of order that that was offensive
to the thirtieth rule of the Senate. The Chair,
under the sixth rule of the Senate, submits
that question to the Senate. The question now
before the Senate is, shall this claim be con-
sidered in order on the appropriation bill under
the rule of the Senate?
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to state that I am
paired off on this question with the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Abbott.] If he
were here he would vote "yea" and I should
vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21as follows :
YEAS-~Messre. Anthony, Craijin, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, -fowler, Kellogu, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of Mew
Hampshire Pool, Rim, Spragne, Sumner, Viekers,
Whyte, and Wilson—-19.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling. Oonness, Dixon. Drake. Edmunds, Ferry Fre-
Imghuysen, <}rimes, Howe, McCreery, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
and Williams—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Corbett Davis, Harlan, Harris, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson
ot Tennessee, Pomeroy, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
ZT' l?ein£erw?f,ewart' Sfeay®r* Tipton, Wade, War-
ner, Welch, Willey, andYates—26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the judg-
ment of the Senate the amendment is not m
order.
_ Mr. DAVIS. I offer as an amendment to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That the rank by brevet
n Vn tUe Army shaU bo merely honorary,
oommaIid of pay or any
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, to this amendment. I think it is rather
too sweeping in its character. Where persons
ot the same rank mingle together those of
bfevet rank have command conferred upon
them by their brevet, and this amendment goes
so far as to prevent that. I call the attention
i?e S®nTator Massachusetts to it.
Mr. WILSON. We abolished brevet rank
last night. We passed a bill which clears the
matter out, and I think the Senator had better
let it stand as it is.
Mr. DAVIS. Does that bill obliterate all
existing brevet rank ?
Mr. WILSON. There will not be any more
brevets unless they are for service on the field
° m! nefS-dra earTdate/rom that time specially.
, , DAVIS. I understand that proposition
to be entirely prospective, and to leave the
numerous cases of brevet rank in existence.
Atthe time that I drew the amendment the
proposition to which the honorable chairman
of the committee refers had not passed, and
I had no knowledge that it was passed, other-
wise I might have omitted to offer this amend-
ment; but I thmk the true spirit of brevet pro-
motion is embodied in the amendment which !
1 propose. It ought to be, like the Cross of 1
the Legion of Honor instituted by the first
r^°Ke°n'tentUielf llonorary in its character.
in tL a r3f i tt t?een very mlloh abused
in the Army of the United States. It has not
been conferred ma great many instances upon
the pure consideration of merit and of eminent
military services, but has been the reward of
favoritism and of undue influence by the per-
sons who received brevet promotion with the
appointing power. It has given rise to a great
?!. of "^content, and just discontent, among
the officers of the Army. Young, inexpe-
rienced, and comparatively unfledged officers
ot the Army, by the exercise of enterprise and
invoking the influence of men who had influ-
ence with the appointingpower, have frequently
got brevet rank that gave them the right to
control and the right to rank men of much
more age, much greater talent, and much more
solid merit than themselves. A great many
officers of the Army have made complaints in
Mrref>nOT TTTrr &tr c,°«Plaints are just.
otA r ? i ■„ the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky will allow me I will state
February 25=
that on consultation with the chairman of the
committee I understand he has no objection to
the amendment, and I do not interpose any
myself. •.
Mr. DAYIS. Very good*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out the
third section of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the-section proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That until other-
wise directed by law there shaU be 110 new appoint-
ments and no promotions in the Adjutant General's
department, m the inspector general's department,
m the pay; department, in the quartermaster's de-
partment, m the commissary department, and in the
medical department.
Mr. MORTON. I think that section is not
a good one. It cuts off absolutely all promo-
tion in these several departments. I think the
right of promotion should be allowed to remain.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] yesterday, which
was adopted, authorizes the President of the
United States to reduce the Army. But whether
in his judgment the Army ought to be reduced
this year, next year, or the year following is
not known. Here is an absolute provision that
cuts of all promotion in the Adjutant General's
office, the inspector general's office, the quar-
termasters department, the commissary de-
partment, and the medical department. It
seems to me to be entirely unjust and improper.
Mr. ^MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
that this section came to us in the bill from the
House of Representatives. It is general legis-
lation, and did not for that reason commend
itself particularly to the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate. But as the effect of it
was not particularly understood itwas amended
by the committee in regard to the ordnance
department and allowed to remain. I do not
see but that the criticism of the Senator from
Indiana is equally applicable to all the other
departments; but unless the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs objects to its I
going out I raise no objection myself to the ■
motion. |
Mr. WILSON. I think this section had bet-i
ter stand as it is. I am clearly of the opinion '
that we have now six or seven hundred more |
officers in the Army than we shall need in a '
few months when the Army 13 reduced down, I
as it will be probably in six months, to about j
thirty or thirty-one thousand men. The num- !
ber ef officers was based upon an Aripv of i
about fifty-five thousand. We shall have taken !
off from twenty to twenty-five thousand within
sis months from this time. The number of the
Army is now reduced to about thirty-seven
thousand men. The term of enlistment for
many 01 these men is rapidly expiring. We
have more officers than we need, and we want
to prevent the appointment of more officers >'nto
the Army and .retire other officers as fast as
we properly can.
I am against the wild warfare of which we
have heard so much against the Army. I
think the officers of our Army have served the
country with great fidelity. Many of them bear
honorable wounds. I think we owe them grati-
tude rather than hostility. But we must re-
duce the number of officers in the Army. The
Senator from Indiana, if I understood his mo-
tion, proposes to strike out the third section
entirely.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. That section will prevent
the appointment of any more officers in the
quartermaster's, commissary, and pay depart-
ments of the Army. We struck out the en-
gineer department and ordnance department
because we shall graduate in a few weeks at
West Point perhaps forty or fifty cadets, and
may oe that some four or five of these young
men ought to be appointed in the engineer and
ordnance departments, the scientific depart-
ments of the Army; but certainly in the quar-
termaster s department, the commissary de-
partment, the pay department, and the medical
department we do not want any new appoint-
ments; and I thmk it would be just as well not
to have any promotions until we get the Army
down, for I think we haye got to have some
legislation on the subject, in a very short time.
The amendment that I offered and which was
adopted yesterday authorizes the President to
consolidate the forty-five, infantry regiments
into thirty regiments, so that we shall have
fifteen regiments less, and the officers are to
be assigned to the other regiments and we are
to stop the appointments. We h?,ve no more
cavalry regiments than we absolutely need.
They are to be reduced in the number of men.
But those regiments are on the frontier, in the
Indian country, in sections of the country where
they are compelled to move over large spaces.
The number of artillery regiments is certainly
not too large. It is proposed to reduce the
Army, and by the plan as it stands it will be
reduced in a very few months down to thirty
one thousand men. We certainly have five or
six hundred too many officers, and the ques-
tion is how to get rid of them and do it fairly
and deal justly with them. I think we had
better let the section stand as it is.
Mr. MORTON. The reduction of the Army
has not begun; and even should the amend-
ment that was passed yesterday be accepted
by the House it leaves the matter entirely dis-
cretionary with the President. But even if the
Army is to be reduced it seems to me there can
be no propriety in providing by law that here-
after there shall be no promotions. Why, sir,
the right of promotion, the hope of promotion
goes to the very essence of the service; it is the
stimulus to duty. But we here provide that as
to all these departments there shall be hereafter
no promotions. This section applies it to the
adjutant general's department, the inspector
general's department, the quartermaster gen-
eral's department, and the commissary depart-
ment. The committee have stricken it out in
regard to the ordnance department and the en-
gineer department. Why strike it out in ref-
erence to those two and not in reference to the
others ? But, sir, the principle of cutting off
the chance of promotion is especially wrong.
The question of reducing the Army has noth-
ing at all to do with it. Whenever a man is
entitled to promotion by means of great service
or great ability in his department, and it is to
the interest of the service that he should be
promoted, the right to promote him should
exist, and the number of officers has nothing
to do with it. The question of making new
appointments is another thing. It seems to
me it would be very bad policy and would
work great injustice to say that there shall here-
after be no promotions.
, ^r' GRIMES. As the bill came from the
I House of Representatives it provided that
there should be no promotions in any of the
staff corps of the Army. I have no doubt that
it could have been much more perfect, and
would have been, had it said that there should
be no promotions until each of the staff corps
should be reduced to a certain number in each
grade ; but that was not the way the House of
Representatives sent itto us. and the Committee
on Appropriations, not being a military com-
mittee, did not choose to tamper with the prop-
osition except that upon my suggestion the
words "ordnance department and engineer
department" were stricken out-; and I can tell
the Senator from Indiana why that was done.
We graduate a certain number of young men
at the Military Academy every year. A few
of the best scholars, those who are best edu-
cated and best fitted for that department of
military life, are assigned to the engineer and
ordnance corps. If the section had remained
m the bill as it stood they could not have been
promoted from a cadetship into those corps.
The officers of the other staff corps of the
Army are not selected thus from the Military
Academy; they are selected from the line or
from civil life; and it was to meet that trouble
and allow the corps of engineers and ordnance
officers of the Army to be kept fall from the
acadamy that on my suggestion those words
were stricken orut. , ■ ; ■
The Senator, I think, is mistaken in suppos-
