THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the aaW Hew -York and Washington railway shall
be of lyiiio^m width, or so as to cayry on© set of cars
thityughOTit its eiitir'e length, and tlie rails'shali be
of jAareridare *irot) or steel manufacture; and the'
entire railway Shall >ith its outfit, fixtures, and
structure, together with all,its appurtenances, be
equ&rln' character and workmanship to any of the
first-olflj=s railways of the UnitedStafces. And the
c&r8-fo* first-class pasgengersshall be provided at ail
times with all the moderp improvements for c.omfoit
and convenience. The schedule time foi; passenger,
mail, military, and freight trains shall never exceed
(when fuily,ei<iuipfied andjuishedj^ix hour^beiwfien
Washington and jSTow York city for fircst-olass pas-
senger and through mails; twelyp hours forsecdnd-
olass passenger and 'troop trains, and twetaty-four
^©urs ibr.freight'traiag; nor shalWba tariff of prices,
exco.ed three cents per mile for-ordinary first-class
passengers, nor six cents p&r ton per Mile for qrdi-
Bary first-clae^freights, and other Glasses in propor-
tion; but the through fare between said cities shall
not exceedsis: dollars. And the said company shall
provide on all their night pUssebger trains asufficient
number of first-eJass sleeping-cars, with all the'
latost improvements, and with all proper and neces-
sary bedding, to fully accommodate the public; and
tb'e tariff or prices, in addition to the rate of fare
herein provi'd«d", shall not exceed threcdollars for a-
stato-room, one dollar for a double berth, and fifty
cents for a single berth. The tolls and charges for
transportation of coal, lumber, iron, arid iron ore,
froua any point on the lino of the said railway, shall
not exceed two cents per ton per mile; nor shall the
ioint rates for these articles to or from said New
lOik and Washington railway to any other rail-
road connecting with it exceed two cents per ton
per Biiler but forty oubio feet of goods or merchan-,
dise shall, for this purpose, be deemed ft ton when
tho weight thereof shall be less than a ton, ah&'in
that proportion for a greater or less quantity; and
await and li^ht packages and parcels may be charged
for by the piece or package, irrespective of weight,
not exceeding ono cent per mile. And the said com-
pany shall run a through passenger train out of
washington overy night as lale as eleven o'clock;
and the said company shall transport the mails of
the United States over their said road at a rate to
bo lixed by the Postmaster General, not exceeding
$^00 pernnlc.
Fourth amendment;
Add to the twelfth section the following:
But the property and franchises of said corpora-
tion shall bo subject to national, State, and muni-
cipal taxation to Ihe same extent and iu like man-
ner as other like property or franchises in tho same
trite* <>? district.
Fifth amendment:
Add to sowtion fifteen tho following:
A ftiihiro commence the construction of theroad,
or to complete th© same at tho several times pro-
vided in this act, sh&U render this charter void,
, Tho amendments of tho committee were
agreed to.
Mr. COOK addressed the House; but before
concluding his remarks the morning hour ex-
pired, and tho bill went over till to-morrow.
LEAVE 01? AliSENCK.
Loavc of absence for one week was granted
to Mr. Lynoh.
MILITARY CLAtMS IS THK WEST.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a privileged
question. I submit the following report from
the corumittec of confcrenee on joint resolu-
tion (If, It. No 4.01) providing for the disposi-
tion of certain papers relative to certain mili-
tary claims accruing in the department of tho
West: -
Tho committee of Conferoneo on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
Senate to House resolution No. 404, having mot. aftor
full conference have been unable to airree.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
WILLIAM M. STB/V ART,
TUOMAS C. McCRJEERY,
ftlanaticrn on (he vwrt of the Senate,
R. XI. SPALDING,
P. C. BEAM AN,
WILLIAM S. iiOLMAN,
Manage) $ on the part oj' the House,
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the commit-
tee be discharged, aud that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate with the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That after examination by the Attorney
(-federal suob parts -of eaid papers aud evidence as
navo a bearing upon eases pending in the Court of
Uaims may bo read in court as explanatory of the
tacts involved, and if in any case the claimant shall
nave taken the money awarded by said commis-
sioners and given to the United States a receipt in
tun, such receiptshall be taken and deemed by said
Court or Claims as absolutely conclusive upon the
party executing the Same; -
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the amendment.
The previous question1 wris seconded and the
main question- ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to;
and the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in; and also mpved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WASHB'URN, of Indiana. I rise to a
privileged motion. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill in regard
to equalizing bounties was recommitted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
t.o proceed to business on the Speaker's table ;
and pending that motion I mo.ve that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Go,tnmittee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I presume
it is understood that that is a dodge to stave
this bill off.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to go oil with the regular business.
r A Member. What is the bill the gentleman
from Indiana desires to call up?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. It is the bill
to equalize the bounties of soldiers and sailors.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itinvolves
the expenditure of $50,000,000.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Can the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts make two motions together; first, to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table,
and then to go into Committee of the Whole
on a particular bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so supposes.
Mr. WOOD, Is he entitled to the floor on
both propositions?
The SPEAKER. It is often done; theCon-
gressional Globe is full of precedents; espe-
cially toward the latter part of the sessions of
Congress, when appropriation bills are pending.
Mr. WOOD. What, then, is the effect of a
motion to go into Committee of the Whole upon
the other proposition, to proceed to business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It prevents its being
agreed to or even put to the House; because
the House, as soon as the first question is taken,
is in Committee of the Whole and cannot act
on the other motion.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has two strings to his bow, then.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the gentleman from New York and vari-
ous other geutlemen have very often made
motions to reconsider the vote by which a bill
was passed, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table. They are two independ-
ent motions which are often made together
and always recognized as proper. It is also
common to move that the House adjourn, and
then to move that when the House adjourns it
adjourn till Monday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry: if the motions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusettsare voted down does
the bounty bill come before the House 'I
The SPEAKER. If these two motions are
voted down the bounty bill will be before the
House ; but the rule expressly states that after
the morning hour a member maybe taken off
the floor for a motion to go to the business on
the Speaker's table, and the usage of the
House has been that the motion is often made
for the purpose of submitting the other motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on thestate
of the Union ; but if the majority do not desire
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union they can vote down the
motion. The matter is entirely within the
control of the House.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
pending the motion of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, laid before the House a letter from
the Secretary of War, transmitting a communi-
cation from the Paymaster General, asking an
additional appropriation of$313,130 for recon-
struction purposes.in the fourth and fifth mili-
tary districts; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
STATUTES Of IDAHO.
• The SPEAKER also, by pnanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of the 23d
ultimo, various reports relative to the printing,
by Frank C. Kenyon, of certain statutes, &c.,
of Idaho Territory; which was referred tq the
Committee on Appropriations.
CLAIM Of SAMUEL A. BISHOP.
■ The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, submitting the
claim of Samuel A. Bishop for cattle taken
and used by the Owen's River Indians at Port
Tejon, in California; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts, that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WOOD. I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to move to go into Com-
miteee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the Indian appropriation bill. If that mo-
tion is carried will it then be competent for the
gentleman to jnove in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to take up some
other bill ?
The SPEAKER. If the Indian bill is dis-
posed of the Committee of the Whole can lay
it aside and take up another bill, or a majority
can lay it aside.
Mr. WOOD. We have a recent precedent
where the House went into Committee of the
Whole on a particular bill and the Committee
of the Whole took up another bill. Now, I
deny the right of the Committee of the Whole
to change the order the House has made.
The SPEAKER. The usage and the Digest
are both to the contrary, that a majority of
the Committee of the Whole can lay aside any
bill. The Chair will read from the Digest the
answer to the two points of order made by the
gentleman from New York. On page 58 of
the Digest the gentleman will find these words:
" It is in order, pending a motion to go to business
on the Speaker's table, to move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union."
In answer to the other point of order, the
the Chair reads from page 63 of the Digest:
" In Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union tho bills shall be taken up and disposed of
m their order on the Calendar; but when objection
is made to the consideration of a bill, a majority of
the committee shall deoide, withoutdehafe, whether
it shall be taken up and disposed of or laid aside."
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts; and there were—
ayes 68, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Washburn, of In-
diana, were appointed.
The House divided; aud the tellers report-
ed—ayes 85, noes 81.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, demanded
the yeas aud nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twelve in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to go into Committee of the
Whole was accordingly agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair.) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1738) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Iudian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending, June 30, 1870.
The CHAIRMAN. The last section of this
