1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill lias been read. The bill is still open to
amendment. •
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the pend-
ing bill and all intervening bills be laid, aside
for the purpose of proceeding to the consider-
ation of the tariff bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be
upon laying aside the Indian appropriation
bill. Should that motion be carried it will
then be in order to move to lay aside the next
bill upon the Calendar.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
M.r. WO'OD. My point of order is that the
House has predetermined which bill shall be
considered in Committee of the Whole, and it
is not in order for the committee to proceed
to the consideration of another bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and the Clerk will read the
paragraph of the Manual under which that
ruling is made.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in
their order on the Calendar, but when objection is
made to tile consideration of a bill a majority of the
committee shall decide without debate whether it
shall be taken up and disposed of or laid aside."
Mr. WOOD. .With due respect to the Chair,
I say that the rule quoted does not reach the
case before the committee. .
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
.appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. WOOD. No, sir ; I do not. But I de-
sire to state that the quotation from the Manual
which has been read by the Clerk does not
apply to this case. If the Chair overrules that
1 will not take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. This ruling has been
repeatedly made, and there never has been any
conflict in the decisions upon the subject. It
is frequently the case that the Committee of
the Whole may desire to take up some other
bill than the one first on the Calendar, which
they could not do unless this ruling prevails.
Mr. WOOD. With all due respect to the
opinion of the Chair, in myjudgrnent when the
House has predetermined the bill to be consid-
ered by the Committee of the Whole the com-
mittee have no power to go contrary to that
order of the House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I objectto debate.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Mooiuiead, to lay aside the Indian ap-
propriation bill;, and upon a division there
were—ayes 83, noes 64 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; ana Mr. Mooiihead
and Mr. Wood were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 50, noes 62.
So the motion of Mr. Moorhead was not
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the joint
Committees on Indian Affairs of the House and
Senate to move to amend this bill by adding to
it the section which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I give notice that I pro-
pose to raise a point of order upon this amend-
ment after it has been read.
The Clerk read the amendment., as follows:
Sec.—.And be it further enacted, That in order to
carry into effect the eleventh and twelfth articles of
the treaty between the United States of America and
the Ch.ictaw and Chickasaw tribes of Indians, con-
firmed by the Senate on the 21st day ot February, in
the year of oui Lord 185G, and the resolution of the
United States Senate in pursuance thereof, passed
on the 9th day of March, in the year 1859, as finally
adjusted by the report of the Com mi'tec, on Indian
Affairs, madeto the Sen ate on the 19th of June, A. D.
I860, a.nd the tenth article of the treaty between the
United States and thesaid Indians, approved by the
Senate of the United States on the 28th day of June,
A. D. 1866, and proclaimed .Tnly 10, A. I). 1868, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to issue on the credit of the United States
coupon bonds of the denomination of not less than
fifty dollars eft eh, pay ab! e tw en t.y years from tbedate
of the approval of this act, bearing interesi in lawful
money of the United States at the rate of five per
cent-, per annum, payable semi-annually, for the
sum of $1,832,460 85, whioh bonds shall bedeliveredto
the proper authorities of thsCbootawnation or tribe,
and no part thereof shall be delivered'by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to any attorney or agenf of said
Indians; nor shall the said Secretary m making such
delivery recognise any contract,. agreement, or as-
signment made by or between said nation, or indi-
vidual members thereof, and any agent or attorney
employed by them for the prosecution of said claim
against the Government of the United States, bufcthe
whole'amount of said bonds shall be delivered to the
proper authorities of said nation or tribe. And all
individual claims against the United States on the
part of Choetaws, which the Choctaw nation is liable
to pay under and by virtue of the said. treaty of
June 22, A. D. 1856, shall be paid in said coupon
bond?, the settlement and payment to be made with
the advice and under the direction of the United
States agent for said nation or tribe of Indians:
Provided, That the said Chootaw nation or tribe of
Indians shall receive the said bonds in full satisfac-
tion anddischarge of all claims of said nation or tribe,
and of the members thereof, against the United States,
existing prior to the 2Sth day of June, A. I>. 18(36.
except obligations arisinsr out of other treaty stipu-
lations or acts of legislation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is out of order, because
it proposes new legislation. But I will say that
if, by unanimous consent, I can reserve the
point of order, I am willing that the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] shall make an
explanation of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Minnesota will be permit-
ted to explain his amendment, the point of
order being meanwhile reserved.
There was no objection.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, the five-
minutes rule under which we are acting will
prevent me from giving to this question as full
consideration as I would desire. I will, how-
ever, recite briefly the circumstances upon
which the amendment is based.
Before stating in detail the merits of the
case, I desire to say, in general terms, that
there is not to-day a bond or a greenback issued
by this Government which has in a higher de-
gree the sacred sanction of the Government
than the proposition which I now offer. It has
received the sanction of a treaty, and of the
Senate acting as a referee in this case. It has
since been substantially confirmed by an act
of Congress. It has received the approval—
the almost unanimous approval, I believe—of
the Committee on Appropriations of this House
in the Thirty-Ninth and the Fortieth Congress.
It has received the approval of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the House; and at the
last session of Congress the whole question was,
by the appropriation bill approved July 27,
1868, referred to the joint action of the Com-
mittees on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the
House, which committees have met, and, by a
majority of their members, they have instructed
me to offer this amendment. I think, sir, that
no measure ever proposed to this House has
received more thoroughly the approval of
everybody who has examined it.
What are the facts upon which this proposi-
tion is based? Prior to 1830 there was dissat-
isfaction with the Indian tribes in Mississippi.
They were induced to give up their lands and
remove westward beyond the Mississippi river;
and in doing so they ceded to the United States
their lands east of the Mississippi, amounting
to ten million acres. These lands wont into
the possession of the Government, and the
Government sold them. The Indians claimed
that they were entitled to the net proceeds of
that sale. They continued to press that-claim
befure Congress for years. In 1855 the Senate
of tie United States, acting upon this subject,
made a treaty with those Indians, agreeing, in
consideration of the services the Indians had
rendered, of their general good character, and
of the merits of the claim whioh they had been
so long pressing, that the whole matter should
be referred to the Senate of the United States
to act as a referee in the case, making one
branch of Congress the arbitrator to decide the
entire merits of the controversy.
The Senate acted upon that reference thus
agreed on between the Indian tribes and the
United States and found that a certain sum
was due to those Indians. They found that we
had received from the Indians ten million acres
of land. They* charged the Indians with every
possible expenditure that 'could be raked
they.charged them with percentage-on lands
that had been given away; they^ dhaTged them
with over two million acres of land tlxaf had
been given to the State of Mississippi. After
allowing every possible, claim that cduld-bfe
preferred-against the Indians, and deducting
it from the amount of the prooeeds-.of the sate
of their lands, it was found that the sum of
$2,981,247 80 was due. to those Indians. -That
was the statement made by the Secretary, of
the Interior, and the1 Senate afterward- cut-it
down some -five hundred thousand ■ doliars;
making the total about two.-million three hun 
dred and thirty-two thousandfive hundred and
fifty dollars and eighty-five cents. In 1860
Congress passed an actapprbpriating,$500,000
in part payment of this claim due to these In-
dians, thus expressly reaffirming it by. act- of
Congress. - • . <
Now, I want to say that we have had this
money in the Treasury for more than-twenty?
five years. It was an actual net profit received
by the Government from the sale. of these
Indian lands. As I said a moment ago, the
Senate, after deducting every possibld chargte
and claim, found that.there was the sum of
$2,832,550 85 of net profits in our Treasury,
which has lain there without interest ever sincei
The question is now whether, having kept this
money from these Indian tribes for more than
twenty-five years, we are to-day ready, to com-
ply with our,treaty stipulations andtoarry out
our plighted faith with these Indians?" Is it
possible that while we are spending $2,000,000
a week to compel savages to keep their con-
tracts, we, a Christian people, will deliberately
violate our own solemn agreements? We talk
long and eloquently against repudiation ; shall
we repudiate the claims of these people because
they are weak and cannot make war on us?
Such a proposition is the most disgraceful
cowardice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, this claim
is a very large one, amounting to nearly two
million dollars, and I have been looking into
it, as it was my duty to do, as I also have the
honor of being a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. From the consideration which
I have been able to give it I have come to the
conclusion that the whole claim is unjust.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
insist upon his point of order ? By the eon-
sent of the committee the gentleman-from
Minnesota wasxiermitted to explain his amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before insisting upon my
point of order I wish to make a brief reply .to
the gentleman fro.m Minnesota. . ■
Mr. WINDOM. I thought the gentleman
had waived his point of order,-
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman pro-
poses to reserve his point of order until after
he has submitted some remarks.
Mr. WINDOM. I will not object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If this amendment
is out of order we might as well settle it now.
I am of opinion that it is out of order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to be heard'before
the question of order is decided.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It sufficiently ap-
pears by the remarks of the gentleman from
Minnesota that this amendment ^ is not^ in
accordance with existing law, and is therefore
not in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
do not wish the House to be left under the
impression that we are attempting to avoid
the payment of any debt due to the Choetaws,
simply because it is large in amount. Such is
not my objection. On examining the treaty
of 1830 I find that these Indians had no claim
whatever to any of these lands, or the proceeds
of their sales. They were ceded to the United
States without reservation, and these. Indiana
were paid for them very liberally in that day-
After twenty-five years of acquiescence in the
sale of their lands, without any claim being
made on their part, they employed some gen-
