1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CK
Mr. SUMNER. I expect in the Senate to
renew the proposition which I have already
moved relative to the Massachusetts claim.
Mr. CONNESS. That need not extend the
time if the proposition be renewed. The dis-
cussion has been all had, and the Senate is
more full, and can vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator is not satisfied with the vote, a division
can be had.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So far as I am
concerned, I express the most entire satisfac-
tion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
said the motion was carried, which was to
suspend the time for taking a recess from four
o'clock until a decision should be had on this
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not satisfied with that.
Mr. HOWE. I ask for a division.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to say that we are
informed here that this Massachusetts claim
is to be brought up again and pressed; That
will keep us all night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I modify my
motion, and move to suspend the order for
taking a recess altogether.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves that the order for a recess
1^0 rescinded
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
is my motion.
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on that motion ?
Mr. HOWE. I am ready for the question ;
but I do not want the Senate to agree to that
motion. I have no objection that the hour for
taking the recess be postponed fifteen or thirty
minutes, or an hour for that matter, if it is
necessary; but I fear that the effect of the
motion now made will be on a question of
order inevitably to use up this evening. I
suggest that the Senator take half an hour.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. My only object
is to secure the passage of this bill because we
have spent so much time on it and I have an-
other bill to consider to-morrow ; butl am will-
ing to experiment with half past four o'clock;
I will modify the motion in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator moves that the time for taking a recess be
extended until four and a half o'clock.
The motion was declared not to be agreed
to, there being on a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. Now I move a
suspension of the order for a recess.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object.
Mr. HOWE. I shall have to call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are called for.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I objected to the motion.
I should like to know whether it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This motion
can be entertained by unanimous consent, there
being another question before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
other question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose it is
competent for me to move a suspension of the
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Army
bill may be laid aside informally for that pur-
pose, no objection being made.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 object.
Mr. STEWART. I believe I have a ques-
tion that is piivileged above the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I object.
Mr. STEWART. That will not do any good.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will try it on.
I propose to hold on to the Army bill or noth-
ing. If the Senate does not propose to pass
the Army bill, be it so 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
of a committee of conference is not a privi-
leged question ; and the Chair understands that
that is what the Senator from Nevada wishes
to present.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Maine listen to what I have to say 2
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; I do not
listen to anybody now.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will address- the
Chair if I am in order. I wish to say that I
expect this evening to call up a privileged ques-
tion; that is, the constitutional amendment. I
wish to make a report from the committee of
conference on that question and have" it acted
on. I want to give notice so that Senators
may be here. That is what I wish to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves that the order for a
recess be rescinded, and on this question the
yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I want my friend, the Senator
from Maine, to understand that my only reason
for opposing a suspension of this order is my
conviction that it is going to rule me out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest idea of trespassing on the Senator's
time, but I want to finish this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I know the Senator has no
disposition to trespass on my time, but it is
clear to me that that is going to be the inevit-
able effect; it will take the whole of the evening
to dispose of this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll will
be called.
The Chief Clerk called the name of Mr. Ab-
bott.
Mr. RAMSEY. I call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that it is four o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
quite four o'clock. The call will proceed.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to know
what has become of my objection to entertain-
ing this motion pending the consideration of
the Army bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
said it would be entertained if there be no
objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I objected. I suppose
it will be in order to move an adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania can make that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. The roll-call has com-
menced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No response
was made, and so the call has not commenced.
Mr. McCREERY. The hour of four o'clock
has arrived.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
four o'clock, and the Senate will take a recess
until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock p. m.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant,
reports upon the free-port system of Mexico
upon the Rio Grande and the frauds upon the
revenue connected therewith; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 968) for the coinage of
copper-nickel pieces of five cents and under
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
0. V. cobb and others.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call up a joint
resolution that I presented to-day for the ref- \
erence of the claim of Cobb and others to the
Court of Claims. I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 237)
to refer the claim of O. P. Cobb and others
to the Court of Claims.
. The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MEMPHIS ANIS EL PASO PACISIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I ask ths Senate to
take up House joint resolution No: 465, grant-
ing the right of way to the Memphis and El
Paso Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso
to the Pacific oeeaft, merely for the purpose of
reference. I desire: to have it referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion to take up the joint resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that resolution will
not be referred to any committee. It is a reso-
lution that contains no subsidy, no grant of
land, but simply gives the right of way. It has
been acted upon by the House of Representa-
tives, and it is important that it should pass the
Senate this session. I trust, therefore, that the
Senator will not ask to have it referred to any
committee.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a bill of considerable
importance, and I think it ought to be looked
into by the committeeand I can assure the
Senator from Indiana that it will be reported
back to-morrow from the committee if it is
referred, so that no time will be lost.
Mr. MORTON. Ithasalready been reported,
I believe, by a committee.
Mr. HOWARD. A committee in the House,
not in this body. I think it had better take
that course. It will not delay it at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad if there be no objection.
order of business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up Senate bill
No. 953, which I suppose will not occupy much
time.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Indiana
would let me go on.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know the
Senator had come in.
Mr. HOWE. This evening has been set
apart for.the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will not interfere
with the Senator.
edward e. shead.
Mr. HOY/E. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 265.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 265)
for the relief of Edward E. Shead, of Eastport,
State of Maine. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue to Edward E. Shead, of
Eastport, State of Maine, two six per cent,
coupon bonds, for the sum of $500 each, in
lieu of two bonds destroyed by fire, bearing
date 18th of August, 1864, numbered 19,747
and 19,748, payable in 1881.
The joint resolution was reported to tho
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mbs. ella e. iiobart.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint res-
olution No. 280.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 280)
for the relief of Mrs. Ella E. Hobart. j.he bill
provides that Ella E. Hobart, who was ap-
pointed as chaplain to the first regiment of
Wisconsin volunteer heavy artillery, shall be
entitled to receive the full pay and emoluments
of a chaplain in the United States Army for
the time daring which she faithfully performed
the services of a chaplain to the regiment the
same as if she had been regularly commis-
sioned and mustered into service.
Mr. HOWE. The committee ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of that
bill, as the same subject is reported upon favor-
ab!y by the Committee on Military Affairs.
