1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read as follows:
[Special Orders No. 31.J
Headquarters
Northwestern Indian Expedition,
Camp Foiit Hanjoall, D. T., June 10,1861.
IV. A detachment of fifty Yancton Indians have
been taken into service for the purpose of driving
off all hostile Indians.
As these Indians will be required to take tlio field
frequently, and thereby separate themselves lrom
their families, the commanding officer at Fort Ran-
dall is hereby directed to issue them rations for such
days as they may bo actually engaged in the field.
By order of Brigadier General Sully:
JOHN H. PELL,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Van Horn.]
Mr. VAN HO RN, of Missouri. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d] and
those who act with him here upon this floor
have been denouncing Indian agents for years
as swindling the Indians, and this is the very
method that Indian agents take to swindle the
Indians; they take advantage of their neces-
sities, and make tbera take a moiety of what
Congress grants. The gentleman wants to
make these Indians give a receipt in fall for
what the Government justly owes them to
relieve themselves from starvation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will move to amend my
amendment pro forma by striking out one word
for the purpose of saying to the gentleman
from Missouri. [Mr. Van Horn] that he is
slightly mistaken about my denouncing Indian
agents. I never said a word that I can now
recollect against Indian agents. I supposed
that they were the only honest, Christian, care-
ful, methodical, painstaking officers the Gov-
ernment had—all pure men. [Laughter.] I
kuow it must be so, because they always have so
many champions on this floor to protect them.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. 1 wish to
say that I have never been the champion of
Indian agents on this floor, and I object to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania proposing to take
their standard of Christianity for that of this
House on this occasion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I did not say the gentle-
man had been the champion of Indian agents.
He charged me with being their enemy, and I
am only stating why I am not their enemy and
why he is mistaken in supposing that I am. I
thought they were a pure, honest, careful,
methodical, Christian class of Government offi-
cers, and I supposed so from the eulogies I have
heard pronounced upon them. I amnotoppos-
ing them, but 1 thought that perhaps this claim
of the Indians was something like the one we
had up a few minutes ago, and which the Chair
ruled out of order. I have great confidence in
the word of the gentleman from Dakota, [Mr.
Burleigh,] although he was once an Indian
agent, I believe. [Laughter.] Unlike some
of the Indian agents I have spoken of, he is a
rough, outspoken kind of fellow, and I believe
has always been honest. I have great confi-
dence in what he says, and all I wanted was to
draw out a statement from some man like him
of what the real facts in this case are ; and now,
after yielding for a moment to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Benton,] I shall
be willing to withdraw both my amendments.
Mr. BENTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofiei.d]
what his amendment, requiring those Indians
to accept this amount in lieu of their claim
against the Government, has to do with Indian
agents ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not a bit. But how could
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Van Horn]
have got in his speech if I had not moved the
amendment? I now withdraw myamendment.
No further amendment was offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
jnove that the committee rise and report the
Indian appropriation bills to the House, with
the amendments thereto made in Committee of
the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. It. No. 1738) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending 80th June, 1870, and
had instructed him to report the same back to
the House with sundry amendments. Also
that the Committee of the Whole had had
under consideration House bill No. 1853, mak-
ing appropriations in part for the expenses of
the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations, ahd had directed him to report
the same back to the House with an amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question on House bill No. 1853 and
the amendment thereto reported from the
Committee of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
w. t. richards.
Mr. BUTLEIt, of Massachusetts, moved that
the Ccin mittee on Appropriations be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of VV. T. Richards, receiver of Christy, Connell
& Co., for pay of bill for paving done in front
of the custom house in New Orleans in 1860,
and that the same be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
john coleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also moved
that the Committee on Appropriations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of John Coleman, for pay of bill of
John Coleman & Co., for paving done in front
of the Mint in New Orleans in 1800, and that
the same be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 1861) providing for a
uniform system of naturalization ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of Laws of the United
States, and ordered to be printed.
steamboats, etc.
Mr. PILE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 439) re-
lating to steamboats aad other vessels owned
in the loyal States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOPIELD moved to reconsider the
various votes of reference just made; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order os business.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to give notice that
to-morrow, immediately after the morninghour,
I shall move to go into Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of proceeding to the considera-
tion of the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. And I give
notice that at that time I shall insist upon the
consideration of the bill for the equalization
of bounties.
leaves op absence.
Leave of absence for to-night was granted to
Mr. Van Houn, of New York, on aecount of
illness.
Leave of absence was granted to Sir. Prvyn
from attendance at evening sessions this week,
on aecouut of indisposition.
Leave of absence for to-night was granted to
Mr. Rauh on account of illness.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Cake
until Monday next.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Myers
for one week.
Leave of absence for to-night was granted to
Mr. Clarke, of Ohio, on account of indispo-
sition.
indian appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 1738, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribea for the
year ending June 30, 1870, which had been
reported from the Committee of the Whole with
sundry amendments.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to correct what
appear to me to be some mistakes and mis-
prints in the Daily Globe of my remarks of
yesterday on this bill.. I think I did not say
"it was conceived by the officers of the Indian
Bureau," but by the Interior Department. I
think I did not denominate, at least I did nob
intend to, the cows that were delivered to the
Yanctons as Texas cattle, although the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] did. I believe that most of them
were Indian cows, more worthless than Texas
cattle are. I stated, or intended to state, that
the present cost of what remains of these cattle
to the Yanctons is, according to the statement
of the agent to me, $117 45 per head, not that
that was their original cost.^ So far as the pres-
ent Commissioner of Indian Affairs is con-
cerned, I have never had occasion to charge
him with the practices of which I yesterday
complained. 1 believe that in his present posi-
tion he is as powerless for either good or evil
as is a palsied arm.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question upon the bill and
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLBR, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that all the amendments
upon which separate votes are not demanded
may be concurred in.
No objection was made ; and those amend-
ments were concurred in.
Mr. MUNGEN demanded a separate vote
on the following amendment:
At the end of tho last paragraph of the appropria-
tions for theChoetaws insert the following:
Provided. That it shall be the duty of tho Secre-
tary of the Interior to sell a sufficient amount of the
bonds of the United States held ill trust far the Choc-
taw Indians to enable him to pay the amount of the
awards heretofore approved by hiui in favor of Jo-
seph G Heald and Keuben Wiight, under the pro-
visions of the fiftieth article of the treaty concluded
with the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians on the 28ta
day of April, 1866.
Mr. MUNGEN. As there has been no op-
portunity to debate this subject under the five-
minutes rule in Committee of the Whole, I ask
leave to have printed in the Globe some remarks
I had wished to submit on the subject.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past four
having arrived, this bill goes over till to-mor-
row morning, immediately after the reading of
the Journal. The House now takes its recess
till half past seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
internal taxes.
The House reassembled, pursuant to order,
at half past seven o'clock p. m., in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to re-
duce into oneactand to amendthelaws relating
to internal taxes.
