1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
the standard required iti the contract for the
articles they were to- furnish, and they, too,
will come upon the Government to be remuner-
ated at some extravagant rate for losses which
they allege they have sustained.
None of this cloth, by the way, was received
by the Government. If I remember the con-
tract, it contained certain specifications that
the cloth was to possess a certain amount of
strength when stretched lengthwise and a cer-
tain amount of strength when stretched later-
ally and a certain amount of strength when
.tested by a diagonal power applied to it; but
the cloth did not come up to the standard, and
was for that reason rejected. It is true that a
portion of the cloth that was to be furnished,
a portion of the two hundred and fifty thousand
yards, was sent to Cincinnati, where the bid-
ding was made. I think one hundred and fifty
thousand yards are alleged to have been gent
there and offered to the Government; but none
was received, for the best reason in the world,
that it did not come up to the standard speci-
fied in the contract. Now they allege that the
standard of cloth mentioned in the contract was
higher than that required by the Army gener-
ally ; that cloth of that particular strength was
never furnished; but it is to be presumed that
they entered into the contract expecting to per-
form it according to the letter of the contract;
and having made the contract, I do not know
why they should not be required to comply
with it, or suffer the consequences the same as
all other contractors of the Government.
Mr. HOWE. I would not take a moment to
explain this case but for the amount involved,
which is considerable. I have examined a large
volume of testimony in the case which shows
the facts which I will briefly state, for the whole
gist of the case is in a very small space. These
claimants reside in the State of Connecticut.
The quartermaster at Cincinnati, in 1865, ad-
vertised for proposals to furnish sky-blue Army
cloth—Army kersey. He required that the
cloth to be furnished should be according to
samples which he stated in his advertisement
were on exhibition in his office and could be
seen there ; and he required that each bidder
should exhibit a sample of the cloth he pro-
posed to furnish. The claimants, the Sayleses,
made a bid through agents in Cincinnati, and
proposed to furnish cloth at $1 50 per yard,
and furnished a sample of the cloth that they
would furnish. That was in March, 1865.
Their bid was accepted for two hundred and
fifty thousand yards, and their agents notified
them at once by telegraph that their bid was
accepted. In a few days after that the quar-
termaster put up a printed note notifying them
officially that their bid was accepted. That
notice was directed to them at New York in-
stead of at Killingly, and they never received
it. It came from New York to the dead-letter
office, and from the dead-letter office it was
returned to the quartermaster at Cincinnati. _
Some five days after the awarding of this
contract to the Saylses, the quartermaster
drew up a contract in form, and in the written
contract he inserted specifications as to the
kind of cloth that should be furnished—speci-
fications which never had been heard of before
by the contractors nor by their agents. The
specifications required that the cloth should
be equal to bearing a certain strain in each
direction. That contract was misdirected and
went to New York instead of to Killingly. That
contract they did not get for weeks. After
they had been notified that theirs was ac-
cepted, and after they had entered upon the
performance of their contract, when they re-
ceived the written contract, they said at once,
"We cannot comply with these specifications ;
no cloth can be made equal to them;" and
they proposed to refuse the execution of the
contract. They were advised by their com-
mission merchants, however, that they had
better sign the contract and send it to their
agents at Cincinnati, to be delivered only in
case the quartermaster would waive the written
specifications and stand upon the samples on
which the bid veas made. Acting upon that
advice they sent the contract with their'signa-
ture attached to their agents, and their agents
delivered it to the quartermaster ; and they say
it was understood between them and the quar-
termaster that the written specifications were
to be waived. The quartermaster was before
us. He did not recollect that he ever spe-
cifically waived the specifications, but says he
thinks it very likely he did, for he supposed at
that time that the specifications were substan-
tially the same thing as the samples.
The contractors went on making their cloth.
The first installment was to be delivered' the
first week in May, and was delivered and was
received. My friend, the Senator from Cali-
fornia, is mistaken in saying it was not received
by the Government. It was received by the
quartermaster and stored in the Government
warehouse. The contract required that the
first installment should be delivered in the first
week in May and be delivered in weekly install-
ments as nearly equal as possible from that time
until the whole was delivered. They went on
manufacturing and shipping to Cincinnati until
one hundred and fifty thousand yards were re-
ceived. The contract required that it should
be inspected as fast as received or without
unnecessary delay. The evidence shows that
not a yard was inspected until some time in
July; I think it was the 20th before a single yard
had been inspected. Not all of it had been
delivered at the Government warehouse, but
they delivered and received at the Government
warehouse just as much as their warehouse
would hold, and they bad said to the agents of
the manufacturers that they must not deliver
any more because they could not store it, and
therefore they kept the balance in their ware-
house. When the cloth began to be inspected
in July it was found it was not equal to the
specifications contained in the contract; it
would not bear the strain which the specifica-
tions required that it should bear. The evi-
dence in the case satisfies us that there never
was any cloth made in the world which would
Mr. FERRY. The Senator ought to state
that it was equal to the sample and better than
the sample.
Mr. HOWE. All who have inspected the
cloth concur in two things: first, that it was
better than the sample furnished by the bid-
ders and better than the samples kept by the
quartermaster as the Army standard. And
they concur in another thing, and that is that it
was the best cloth ever purchased and delivered
at that depot in Cincinnati. Those three things
they establish; but they all agree that it was
not equal to the specifications; and the testi-
mony satisfies me, and I believe the commit-
tee—it satisfied the board which was called to
examine the subject in the War Office—that
there never was any cloth made that was equal
to the specifications, and, in point of fact, that
the specifications were a blunder.
The assistant quartermaster at Philadel-
phia, who recommended the adoption of these
specifications by the Quartermaster General,
testifies that he is satisfied he was mistaken
about it, and was deceived by the machine
which was furnished him to test cloth. As I
said, no inspections were made until the 20th
of July; then there was some doubt as to
whether they would stand by the specifications
or would inspect cloths according to the sam-
ples. The Quartermaster General finally de-
cided to stand by the specifications, of which
these parties were notified in August; and
thereupon they delivered no more cloth. One
hundred and fifty thousand yards were all that
they had manufactured up to that time, for
which they should have had $1 50 a yard if it
had been accepted by the Government. It was
not accepted, and they were obliged to sell it.
They sold it after free conference with the
Secretary of War and by his permission, he
not taking any responsibility about the sale,
but saying that he should take no advantage of
it. The Government did not take the cloth ;
it was sold by commission merchants in New
York. The committee have an account of the
sales, and they have awarded to the contract-
ors just the difference between what the dloth
brought in the market and the amount which
they were to have. The contractors say that
it will not nearly make them good -because
they had a large amount of material on hand,
purchased in view of this contract and with
which to fill it on which there had been an
immense decline in price owing to the close
of the war; and yet the committee declined to
consider these items, and have reported a bill
here to pay the claimants just the difference
between what they got for these goods and
what they were to have, and that upon the
ground, which seems beyond all question, that
the cloths were better than the samples fur-
nished either by the bidder or by the quarter-
master, and which were descriptive of the real
articles to be manufactured under the contract.
Mr. COLE. It seems, after all, that these
parties entered into this contract with their
eyes open. They, according to the statement
of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
were advised to enter into the contract after
their hesitating to do so by their agents in New
York, but with directions given at the same
time to parties in Cincinnati not to deliver the
contract if the specifications were still adhered
to. These specifications appearing upon the
face of the contract were seen, not only by the
parties now claiming relief, but also by their
agents in Cincinnati, and with these specifica-
tions before them they go on and furnish this
cloth by installments, so many yards per week,
and continued this until they have furnished
one hundred and fifty thousand yards. We are
now told that this cloth, after all, was better
than any that had been furnished at that quar-
termaster's station previous to this. That is
not a very good argument in favor of this, in
view of the fact that during the war a very
large amount of cloth was furnished the quar-
termaster's department of the Army that was
of very little value. There was a great deal of
shoddy furnished, and all that may have been
furnished at that particular quartermaster's
station prior to this may have been of very
inferior quality.
If these parties have recourse upon anybody
it seems to me it ought to be upon their agents
and not upon the Government. If they were
deceived by their agents in Cincinnati or by
their consignees in New York, their recourse
ought to be in that direction, and not against
the Government of the United States. They
knew at the time they entered into the contract
whether they could comply with it or not; and
if their agents still went on, and if they con-
tinued to act under the contract and in pur-
suance of it in all respects except as to the
quality of the cloth, their recourse is certainly
elsewhere than against the Government of the
United States. 1 think we are setting a very
bad precedent in relieving these contractors of
the Army at the distance of four years after the
war is ended, a distance of five or six years, it
maybe, after the contract has been made, from
the alleged injury that they claim they have
sustained by reason of any fault on the part of
those who may have been acting on behalf of
the Government.
I have no doubt that if we pass this claim
others who have made contracts with the Gov-
ernment, not merely for cloth but for all of the
ten thousand objects that have been compre-
hended in contracts with the Government, will
come forward with their claims in like manner.
I cannot, therefore, but regard it as an exceed-
ingly dangerous precedent to be established at
this time, and I hope the bill will not pass this
body.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I will say
one word in relation to this claim. The com-
mittee had it under consideration a consider-
able time and bestowed upon it very careful
attention ; and I came to the conclusion as a
member of the committee that the claim was
meritorious, and I think so still.
The objection which is most strongly urged
by the honorable Senator from California is
based upon the written contract which was
