THE' CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 3,
The Clerk read as follows;
Other manufactures specifically taxed.
Sec. 252. And le it farther enacted. Th'at upon the
articles hereinafter mentioned, which shall be manu-
factured and sold, or consumed or used by the manu-
facturer thereof, or removed for consumption or use,
there shall be assessed and collected the following
taxes, to be paid by the manufacturer theretff:
On illuminating gas, made of coal wholly or in part,
or of any other material, a tax of ten cents per one
thousand cubic feet. And the product required to be
returned bylaw by any gas company or other manu-
facturer shall include the gas consumed by said com-
pany or manufacturer or other party, as well as the
product charged in the bills actually rendered by said
company or other manufacturer, during the month
next preceding the return. And the quantity of gas
made and used for lighting streets or for any other
purpose, and not measured, may be estimated.
On ground coffoe and on all ground spices and dry
mustard and on U articles roasted orgronndintended
for Uiie as substitutes for or as adulterations of coffee,
spices, or mustard,and on ail compounds and mix-
tures prepared for sale or intended for use and sale,
as coffoe, spices, or mustard,or assubstitates therefor,
one cent per pound.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether it is not practicable to exempt from
tax the manufacture of gas when carried on by
small establishments. The profits of this branch
of business depend upon the extent of the manu-
facture. Whete only two'or three hundred
thousand feet of gas are manufactured annu-
ally, we might, it seems to me, promote a very
important public interest and a great popular
convenience by allowing an exemption from
taxation. The manufacture of gas in our vil-
lages and smaller towns is productive of no
profit or but a trifling profit. I am not suffi-
ciently familiar with the subject to indicate the
amount that ought to be exempted; but I wish
to call the attention of the chairman of the
committee to the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill contains a pro-
vision limiting taxation with reference to the
amount of manufactures or sales, and exempt-
ing all below a certain amount.
Mr. IIOLMAN, 1 move to amend by adding
at the end of the second paragraph of this sec-
tion the following proviso:
Provided, however. That ostablishmonts manufac-
turing loss thau three hundred thousand feet of gas
per annum shall bo exempt from this taxation.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. The gentleman will find
on pago 12;) of the bill the following provision
in rel'ereuco to tax on manufactures:
Manufacturers, not otherwise charged with a spo-
etal tax, shall each pay ten dollars: und all manu-
tuoturors whoso annual sales oxcocd $5,000 (oxcept
those otherwise provided for, or those on whoso prod-
ucts a spooifio tax is imposed) shall pay two dollars
lor ouch additional $1,000 on the amount of thoir
sales in oxeoss of $5,000.
According to this provision no return is to
lie made unless the sales exceed $5,000; and
thin provision will qualify the section in refer-
ence to the tax upon gas. Hence the bill as
it stands will probably accomplish the object
sought by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Hoi.man.] No manufacture of any product
whatever is to be taxed where the annual sales
do not exceed $5,000.
,The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. IIotMAN] insist on his amend-
ment'/
Mr. IIOLMAN. If the provision with ref-
erence to the tax on sales applies to the man-
ufacture of gas my amendment is unnecessary.
I therefore withdraw the amendment.
Mr. JUDD. For the purpose of putting an
inquiry to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, I move to amend thepending
section by striking out the last word. I wish
to ask the chairman of the committee whether
the language of this section is intended to cover
gas manufactured by an individual in his own
house for his own consumption ?
Mr. SCHENCK. It cannot possibly do that.
tie section applies to gas manufactured by a
company or manufacturer.
™r'* withdraw the amendment,
low rea<^ t'le next paragraph, as fol-
Invome.
^LteJfi>rt¥r^cted' that there shall
be. levied, collected, and paid annually upon the
gams, profits, and income of every person Veiiding
in the United States, or of any citizen of the United
States residing abroad, whether derived from any
kind of property, rents, intorcst, dividends, or sala-
ries, or from any business, profession, trade, employ-
ment, office, or vocation, carried on in the United
States, or elsewhere,,or from any other source what-
ever, a tax of five per cent, on the amount so
derived over $1,000, and a like tax shall be levied,
collected, and- paid annually upon the gains, profits,
and income of every business, trade, or profession
carried on in the United States by persons resid-
ing without the United States and not citizens
thereof. And the tax herein provided'for shall be
assessed, collected, and paid upon thegains, profits,
and income for tho year ending the 31st day of De-
cember next preceding the time for levying, collect-
ing, and paying said tax, and shall be levied on the
1st day pf March, and be due and payable on or
before the 30th day of April, in each year until and
including tho year 1870, and no longer; and to any
sum or sums annually due and unpaid after the 30th
of April, as aforesaid, and for ten days after notice
and demand thereof by the collector, there shall be
levied in addition thereto the sum of five per cent,
on the amount of taxes unpaid, and interest at the
rate of one per cent, per month upon said tax from
tho time the same became due, as a penalty, except
from tho estates of deceased, insane, or insolvent
persons.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert after the
word "whatever," inline nine, these words:
" except military and naval pensions allowed
under the laws of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
And there shall be levied, collected, and paid an-
nually a tax of ten per cent, on the interest accruing
on all bonds issued by the United States, to be with-
held by the proper officer of the Treasury from the
interost accrued at the time of the payment thereof.
The tax horeby provided for shall be withheld from
the interest becoming due 011 suchbondson and after
the 1st day of May, 1869.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point that this is a special tax, and
therefore is not pertinent to this section. This
section provides for a tax upon incomes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Thisisataxuponincomes.
Mr. SCHENCK. No; it is a particular tax
011 particular property.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is certainly a tax upon
incomes. This very section proposes to tax
the interest on bonds. My amendment simply
doubles this tax upon the interest of the bonds,
and when it is adopted, the word " interest"
can be stricken out from the body of the sec-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and decides that the amend-
ment is not germane to the section.
Mr. PBTliliS. I move to amend the pend-
ing section in the ninth and succeeding lines,
so that it will read, " A tax of three per cent,
on the first $1,000, so derived over $1,000,
and five per cent, on each succeeding$l,000."
The substance of my amendment is to provide
that this income tax on an excess over §1,000
shall be at the late of three per cent., and five
per cent on each succeeding $1,000. And let
me say, Mr. Chairman, that this is one of the
hardest taxes in the whole calendar.
Mr. SCHENCK. To collect. [Laughter.]
Mr. PETERS. It is the hardest tax in the
whole calendar to pay. I know, sir, that in-
come taxes are not very severely collected, and
that the law is not severely applied, and this
of itself is strong evidence that it is a great
hardship. It is pretty hard for a man to have
an income of $2,000 and to have the trouble of
trying to live upon it, and then compelled after
keeping within this ordinary income to scrape
up five per cent. 011 that amount to pay the
Government income tax. While I should be
willing to see the income tax fail altogether,
still I am willing to see it placed upon the basis
which my amendment provides. It is that a
man who earns $2,000 a year shall pav a tax
of three per cent, on $1,000, and that the man
who earns more than $2,000, which is a mere
living income, shall pay a tax of five per cent,
on all over $2,000. 1 hope the amendment will
receive the favor of the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The income law has been
varied at various times since it was first adopted
as a part of our system of internal taxation. It
has been five per cent., it has been increased
to ten per cent, upon certain incomes, over
$5,000, I think; it has been doubled in one
year, the Government making two collections
of five per cent, in one year; and finally it
has fallen back and has continued for some
years at five per cent, on all over $1,000, with
certain exemptions. Those exemptions are,
in the first place, the fir; t thousand dollars,
which it was thought put the people of the
country on a par level. There are other exemp-
tions or deductions, such as the rent a man
pays, his bad debts, and his losses and taxes.
I know that in some sense it is a hard tax,
but it has been much more a hard tax to col-
lect than a hard tax upon those who pay it. I
have been amused at pious, righteous-minded
people who have been horrified at the frauds
on the part of distillers and tobacco manufac-
turers, forgetting that they themselves were
returning lying accounts in regard to their in-
come. There has been about as much fraud on
the whole proportionably in regard to income
returns as there has been in regard to tobacco
and spirits. May be it is not quite so bad, but
it is pretty nearly so.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman will allow
me I would ask him if these frauds are not in
the cases of larger incomes than $2,000'?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, of all sizes; one
proof of which is, you may go into a com-
munity of well-to-do people, having incomes
from two thousand to five thousand dollars or
more, and you will find that not one in a thou-
sand of the community pays any income tax,
consciences are so elastic upon this subject.
Now, this bill but follows the present law in
one respect which the gentleman has probably
overlooked. This income tax is to expire by
limitation with the year 1870 unless renewed
by Congress, and as we have all the machinery
adapted to it as it now stands, all the forms
for returns, and all the modes of collection, I
submit, if .there were no other argument
against altering the law now, it had better be
left to run out by the end of the next year,
when, unless Congress intervenes, there will
be no longer any income tax collected. The
law terminates, I believe, by limitation 011 the
31st of December, 1870.
Mr. PETERS. It will be renewed, I pre-
sume.
Mr. SCHENCK. It may or may not be
renewed.
Mr. MILLER. If I understood a remark of
the gentleman at the last session of Congress,
he hoped to be able to dispense with the income
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought it could be dis-
pensed with before December, 1870. Now I
am not at all certain that it will not be next
year. My own impression is, instead of having
so gloomy a view before us as was presented by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
last night, we shall find that the receipts from
customs and internal taxes for the next fiscal
year will reach in the aggregate about four
hundred million dollars, leaviug a han'dsome
margin, after all the ordinary expenses of the
Government, for the payment of the interest 011
the public debt and toward its gradual extin-
guishment, putting our finances in a sound
condition. But the Committee of Ways and
Means have not felt prepared to recommend tho
abolition of this tax, inasmuch as it only runs
till the end of the next year. As long as it is
collected I must be permitted to say that there
is probably no tax that causes less distress or
that is felt less as a burden upon the commu-
nity at large than this same income tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GETZ. I move to strike out the section.
I_am glad the chairman of the committee has
given us such a hopeful view of the prospective
financial condition of the country. He says he
hopes this income tax may be dispensed with.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope only.
Mr. GETZ. Well, sir, I am willing to act
upon the gentleman's hope and run the risk.
The Committee on Appropriations have re-
duced the expenditures in all the bills to a very
considerable amount, and weare promised with
the next administration wholesale retrench-
ment and reform. If those promises are to be
