1869.
THE" GO|f:OEE88IOMAii ^I^WE.
claim ; and that is that fifty or sixty thousand
dollars' worth of cotton was taken for the par-
pose of protecting" the machinery of a single
steamer, so far as we can ascertain from the
report which has been read. The report must
be inaccurate or the thing upon its very face
must be absurd. If the chairman of the com-
mittee has any explanation to make I will
give way to him.
At all events where large amounts are in-
volved, where there has been no Government
survey or appraisement of the property, I think
it ought to be a rule that the subject should be
sent to the Court of Claims. If the claim is
to be recognized and paid bills ought to be
drawn providing for the payment of the claim
and referring it to the Court of Claims and as-
certaining in the regular manner the amount
of injury which the party has sustained, the
value of the property taken, and possibly under
some circumstances where there is doubt as
to the facts an ascertainment also by that court
of the liability of the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On hearing the report
read I do not see that it involves the Sue Mar-
phey question at all; and if the facts reported
are correct I confess I do not see how we can
avoid paying the claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think this bill
had better pass now. It is a large sum of
money, and it grows out of one of the cotton
speculations during the war. It seems to have
been a contract between a quartermaster and
a man named Wagley, by which certain cotton
that was claimed to have been abandoned was
to be ginned and baled and they were to share
it. If the cotton was abandoned cotton under
the law it belonged, I suppose, to the Gov-
ernment. This man did not own this cotton.
There was no way for him to become the owner
of this cotton ; he never bought it. It was a
speculation by him without investment, and
when it was taken to the banks of the river
General Grant used it, it seems, for lining one
of his boats; and I do not believe it took any
such quantity of cotton to line the boat. The
committee have been imposed upon in some
way. The report says that on the 5th of March,
1863, Wagley made a written contract with
Klinck, a quartermaster, for picking, ginning,
and baling certain abandoned cotton. By the
terms of the contract Wagley was to gather, gin,
bale, and deliver at certain points of shipment
certain abandoned cotton in and about Lake
Providence at his own expense. Itwashisshare,
I suppose, which was taken to line the boat.
While it is so difficult to get claims through the
House or the Senate in favor of parties who
have made advances to feed and clothe the
soldiers during the war I donotthink we ought
to be in haste to pass one of the cotton specu-
lation cases. This man seems to have been
an adventurer down there, taking his chances
of getting cotton that did not belong to him ;
that he did not pay for except as he gathered
it and packed it and ginned it. That is all the
pay he was to make out of it. I do not think
we ought to pass the bill; but I am not going
to spend any time in discussing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that my
honorable friend from Indiana has rather a
queer notion of equity. Had the Government
a right to this cotton? The Government
claimed the right to take it under a law passed
by Congress as abandoned property. It had
no means to avail itself of the property unless
it should be picked and ginned and prepared
for market. It seized it. as it had a right to
do, as abandoned rebel property. Then, in
order to make it available, the Government
contracts with a man that ho shall do the
necessary labor in order to enable the Govern-
ment to avail itself of the property thus seized;
that he shall fake it and gin it and bale it and
put it in order for. the purpose of enabling the
Government to get something out of it; and
they make a contract, that for doing that work
he shall have one half and the Government
the other half.
The Senator calls him, an adventurer. The
report says that he is a loyal citizenof the State
of Illinois.' He assigned his contract to Mr.
Cutler, well known as a loyal citizen and a
man of respectability in the State of Missouri.
I happen to know him myself; and the way
I became acquainted with him was this: on
the very highest recommendations I appointed
liim a special agent of the Department under
the law to make purchase of cotton at New
Orleans, and he was as good and faithful and
valuable an officer as was in the employ of the
Department during that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was that? '
Mr. FESSENDEN. When I was in the
Treasury, after this occurrence. He is a man
of the highest respectability and a man of
capacity. He took this contract and he did
the necessary work ; he picked the cotton, he
ginned it, he baled it, and he made it possible
for the Government to receive something out
of it. The Government and he then divided
it according to the contract. The Government
took its share and availed itself of it and sold
it, giving him his share. After giving him his
share, he being in possession of it, the Govern-
ment needing it for its own purposes seized it
and put it on board a vessel, and that vessel
was sunk. Now, to carry out the idea that un-
der these circumstances, he being the man
who enabled the Government to get the other
half, the Government now shall not pay him
for his half which they delivered to him and
which they took from him by force for their
own purposes, is setting up a rule of justice
and equity such as I never heard of before.
A word as to the amount. The price
claimed is twenty-five cents a pound. The
number of bales is certified to by an officer of
the Government, and in order to make sure
that they do not give too much the committee
deduct the.amount of $12,500 from what it
would come to on the statement made to the
committee, and that is said to be so uncertain
that it ought not to be done. Mr. President,
it certainly must strike any man who looks at
it calmly and without prejudice that a clearer
case could not possibly be stated of a righteous
claim against the Government of the United
States.
Mr. HOWE. I will simply state, on the ques-
tion of damages, the committee were guided
in fixing the value of the cotton by the testi-
mony, which seemed quite satisfactory, laid be-
fore them of the value of the cotton at Cincin-
nati and of the cost of transportation from
Vicksburg to Cincinnati, and we deducted a
little from that, according to my recollection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. At this session there
was a bill before the Judiciary Committee ex-
tending the limitation for two years within
which proceedings might be instituted bj' par-
ties whose cotton was taken by public officers.
The Judiciary Committee refused to recom-
mend the passage of the bill upon the ground
that there ought to be an end to such claims ;
that there had been sufficient time for the par-
ties to assert their rights under existing laws.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that there is no existing law
that I know of under which this claimant could
have sued for this cotton. Cotton which was
taken and turned over to the Treasury Depart-
ment and sold, and the proceeds put in the
Tieasury, the lav/ authorized loyal persous to
sue and recover the money for. This was not
sold, it was not turned over to the Treasury
Department, and I know of no law which would
authorize this man to go to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 was not going to say
that this case would come within that law. I
was going to say, however, that the sentiment,
the opinion of that committee upon proceed-
ings for the recovery of cotton claims so long
after the cotton had been taken had been ex-
pressed in rejecting that bill. This is no more
meritorious—clearly not—than where property
of a citizen was taken and sold and the money
turned over to the Treasury; it is not a stronger
case certainly, and the Judiciary Committee
refused to approve a bill to extend the time
within which parties might bring their suits,;in
such cases. This is a case that could have been,
brought, as I suppose, in, the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. No, «ir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see -why not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They only .have juris-
diction over eon tracts aside from the cotton
statute.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a clais: fcr prop-
arty taken and used by the GoverameM. There
is an implied contract that it shall be paid for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The ^statute which gives"1
jurisdiction to the Court of Claims only allows
them to proceed upon- contracts. My friend
from Indiana will not assert, I take it, that
where property is taken hy vis major, as law-
yers call it, any contract pan be implied unless
the property is converted into money, when
you can sue for money had an(J received.
Mr. HENDRICKS.' But there- was a con-
tract in this case between this man and the
quartermaster that he was to have ialf the
cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN, That was executed and
the property was divided and his half was turned
over to him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And his half was to
be transported, was it not? I ask the Senator
from Maine if under his contract his part was
not to be transported ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. ' He had a right to have
it transported upon Government boats, but the
Government was under no obligation to take
it and transport it for him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Government in-
stead of transporting his portion of the cotton
used it. There is a contract. What sort of a
contract it is, whether a very good one or a
very shabby one, I will not undertake to dis-
cuss ; but that it has the forms of a contract,
and that this man's loss occurred before all
the terms of that contract were fully complied
with, appears plain enough, because it was to
be carried for him and delivered to him at some
other point. I do not think it is a safe bill to
pass, but I shall content myself with voting
agaiust it.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Claims what
State Mr. Wagley was a resident of at the time
he made this contract.
Mr. HOWE. I have forgotten.
Mr.HENDRICKS. ThereportsaysIllinois.
Mr. HOWE. The report states that Mr.
Wagley was from Illinois.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Or agin, Dixon, Dool ittle,
Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, ITarlan. Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Rice, Stewart.
Van Winkle. Wade, Warner, Welch, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cole, Davis, Hendricks,
McCreery. Morgan, Morton, Norton, and Ross—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron, Oat-
tell, Chandler, Conkling, Conness, Corbett, Drake,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Kellogg, McDonald, Patterson of Tennessee, Pome-
roy. Pool, Robertson, Saulsbnry, Sawyer, Sherman,
Speneer, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Whyte, and Yates—32.
So the bill was passed.
SUFFIIAGI5 COS8TUUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S.
K. No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respectiveHousesas follows :
That the House recede from their amendments and
agree to the resolution of the Sena te with an amend-
ment, as follows : in section one, line two, strike out
the words "and hold office;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
W. M. STEWART.
R0SC0E CONKLINtt,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
JOHN A. LOGAN,
Manager? on the part of the House.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the report be
