1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fulfilled I think we can certainly dispense with
the tax. I am willing, therefore, to go further
than the gentleman from Ohio, and make his
hope a certainty, or at least to take the risk of
dispensing with it, and if it is found that the
Government cannot get along without it, then
it can be reimposed afterward.
Mr. HOLMAN. As it is in order to perfect
the section before the vote is taken on striking
it out, I move to strike out the words "until
and including the year 1870."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
germane to the proposition of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] Therefore it will
not be in order at present.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Peteus, it was disagreed to.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out the
words "until and including the year 1870 and
no longer." 1 do this, Mr. Chairman, fox* the
purpose of saying a word or two with reference
to this provision. 1 do not know but that I
agree entirely with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meaus thatafter the 1st day
of January next or during the year 1870 we may
be able to reduce the taxes.
Mr. SCHENCK. Wecannotnow.
Mr. ALLISON. We certainly canuot do so
now, but I think that to leave these words in
would impliedly say that this tax would not be
imposed after 1870, and we might, when we
came to reimpose this tax, get ourselves into
difficulty. Now, it may be that we can dispense
with this income tax after 1870, or. if we do
not dispense with the income tax, that we can
dispense with some other tax which is burden-
some upon the people. My own judgment is
that before entirely dispensing with the income
tax we ought to reduce the percentage, perhaps
next year to two or three per cent, and after-
ward to one per cent., but I do not believe that
we will be able at a single bound to reduce the
taxes thirty or forty millions upon incomes.
Mr. SCHENCK. If my colleague will allow
me, I will say that I was misleading the House
for want of sufficient reflection on the subject.
This is the last year for the income tax. It is
an income tax for the year ending December
81, assessed in the following March and col-
lected in April, and there is none collectable
after April, 1870, for the year 1869; so that
1869 is under the present law, which is not
altered by this bill, the last year for the income
tax.
Mr. ALLISON. That furnishes an addi-
tional argument for striking out these words.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is incorrect, if I understand his state-
ment. This income tax is imposed until and
including the year 1870, and this is the year
1869.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. ALLISON. It is immaterial for the
purpose of my amendment whether it expires
on the 1st of January, 1870, or after that time.
The objection I have to this provision is that
it is a promise in advance that at a certain
period of time Congress will refrain from levy-
ing an income tax. Now, I do not wish tb
decide this question in advance. We may
desire to reduce taxes this year—in 1809—or
we may not desire to reduce taxes in 1870 ;
aud when we come to the question of reduc-
tion I desire the whole range of taxation to be
left open, so that we may reduce upon what-
ever article at that time seems to require reduc-
tion most, and not tie ourselves up in advance
by saying that after a given time we will impose
no tax whatever upon incomes. I know it is
to some extent an inquisitorial tax, a tax that
falls very heavily upon a class of our people,
but my observation is that it falls upon a class
of people best able to bear the burden of tax-
ation ; and for myself I would prefer to reduce
the tax below five per cent, rather than to
promise at a time not very far distant in the
future to remove the tax entirely. I hope,
therefore, these words will be stricken out, so
that in the next Congress and at the next ses-
sion of Congress we may be able to act on the
question without any previous promise or
pledge.
Mr. WOOD. This section provides for the
rate of taxation upon incomes, and also the
amount of exemption. I am. sorry the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not increased
the exemption from §1,000 to at least $2,000.
I think this bears very onerously indeed upon
a very large class of industrious persons whose
incomes are barely,sufficient to enable thcia to
live, and I think it is due to that industrious
class of our people that they should be freed
from this unjust burden. But I am against
any income tax whatever. It is contrary to
the genius of our institutions. It is a tax the
collection of which enables the officers of the
Government to interfere with certain private
rights which among all nations of the world
have been regarded as exempt from all official
interference. Again, I am opposed to this five
per cent. tax. because, in my judgment 
Mi-. SCHENCK. I do not like to interrupt
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] in
his argument; but I think he is not arguingm
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] which is one re-
lating to the time during which this tax shall
be levied and Collected. He rather makingan
attack upon the merits of the tax itself, which
can only bo brought up by some other amend-
ment, an increase in the exemption, or some-
thing else. The gentleman is certainly not
arguing the amendment of the gentleman irom
Iowa.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question o 1 the length of time during
which this tax can be collectcd also involves
the merits of the tax itself. The gentleman
from New York will proceed.
Mr. WOOD. If this is to be a revenue tax,
if the object of this five per cent, tax is to collect
revenue, as I presume it is, 1 doubt very much
if the rate fixed in this section will accomplish
that purpose as well as a smaller rate would do.
So far as the city of New York is concerned I
know that we have a very largo mercantile and
trading class who feel a great deal of pride m
showing from their returns that they are 10-
ceiving large incomes. The effect of such
returns of large incomes is to establish their
solvency and credit. And I know that many
of them are deterred, liy the expensiveness of
this species of advertising, from le turning lai ge
incomes upon which they will have to pay a tax
of five per cent. I think if the rate of tax was
reduced to three per cent, it would produce
more revenue to the Treasury. Wo have in
the city of New York, i may say, thousands
of business firms, merchants aud traders, who
would return a much larger aggregate of in-
comes than they really receive, provided the
tax upon it was not too great.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman
if the assessors in New York city do not re-
quire income returns to be made under oath !
Mr. WOOD. I believe that every where these
returns are required to be made under oath.
But at the same time, in regard to this species
of tax, the merchant is allowed a very large
liberty in estimating certain bills receivable
that may be uncollectable. And his imagina-
tion is allowed very largo play as to what may
have been his absolute income from his busi-
ness or trade. Now, I am obliged to concede
that, strictly speaking, no man should swear
to a return of income that is. not justified by
the fact. But we all know that the standing
of men who live upon the extent of their ci edit,
of merchants whose credit is their capital, and
whose capital is judged of very much by the
extent of their trade, the amount ot goods they
sold, aud the incomes they return, would be
vory much increased or diminished according
to circumstances.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the amendment ot
Mr Allisojt, to strike out the words until
and including the year 1870, and no longer;
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes 25, noes 20*; no quorum voting.
Mr. MILLER. Let a vote be taken on this
amendment in the House.
llr, ALLISON. Very well; I have no obr
jeciion to that, if it can be regarded as adopted
in Committee of the Whole. , ,
The CHAIRMAN., Is there any objection
to coufiidering this amendment as adopted.? ,
llr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object,
The CHAIEMAN. Then tellers will be
ordered, as uo quorum appeared on the last
vote.
Tellers were accordingly ordered; and Mr.
Hooper of Massachusetts and Mr. Allison
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 44, tioes 16 ;
no quorum voting.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooi*sa] to withdraw
his objection to considering this amendment
as adopted by the Committee of the Whole, as
wo can have a vote on it in the House.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very well,
I will withdraw my call for a division rather
than break up the committee for want of a
quorum.
The question recurred on the amendment ot
Mr. G etz.
Mr. (iETZ. 1 understand that the House
has no disposition to support my amendment;
that it is not willing to trust to the promises
of " retrenchment" to be made by the in-
coming Administration. I therefore withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by striking
out "five" before the words "per cent.,"
and inserting in lieu thereof "three." I offer
this amendment in good faith. I propose it
with a view to promoting the revenues of the
Government. With all duo respect to the
gentlemen composing the Committee of Ways
and Means 1 think the committee are in error
in persisting in continuing this tax of five per
cent, upon incomes. W e at one time fixed
this tax at ten per cent., and more recently we
have had it at five per cent., under an implied
obligation and promise that it should soon
cease ; but the committee now propose to con-
tinue this five per cent, tax for an indefinite
period longer. Now, in my judgment, more
revenue can be obtained for the Ireasury with
the tax at three per cent, than can possibly be
collected by a continuance of the five per cent,
tax. I hope, therefore, that the committee
will agree to the reduced rate which I now
propose.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I. move to amend by in-
serting after the word " salaries," in line seven
of the section as printed, the words '' but not
including interest accruing on bonds issued by
the United States;" so that the section will
read:
That there shall bo levied, eollcotcd, and paid an-
nually upon the gains, profits and income ot evary
person residing in the United btates. or of jnyW1'"
7,en of the United States remdins abroad, whether
derived irom any kind of property, rents intortst,
dividends or salaries, but not including interest ac-
ciu   on'bonds&ued by the United Stat*. or-from
any business, profession, trade, employment, office,
or vocation, &o.
Mr. Chairman, if we impose a special income
tax of ten per cent, on the interest accruing
on bonds of the United States, it is quite mani-
fest that the exception I now propose should
be made in this section; lor otherwise the sec-
tion would impose a tax of but five per cent,
upon the income received as interest on united
States bonds. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to sub-
mit to the House a proposition, which has
already received its sanction, that the tax on
income derived from bonds payable at the
Treasury shall be ten_ per cent, per annum.
As regards that question, it is not to be pre-
sumed that there can bo any doubt in regard
to the action of the House. The House has
deliberately and by a very decisive vote, upon
the motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
