1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana by
striking out the last word. Mr. Chairman, I
I desire only to remind the gentleman .from
Indiana and the House that this amendment
proposes to tax the income derived from this
species of property under $1,000, making an
exception in this particular case so that the
holder of a single $1,000 bond shall be taxed
twice as much as the man who derives his
income from any other source, and has first
deducted his $1,000 exemption. Whether the
gentleman from Indiana means that or not I
donotknow; but that is just what his amend-
ment is, and I do not see how it can have any
other effect.
Mr; HOLMAN. Let me ask the gentleman
if it is not his experience as a general rule
that these securities are held by gentlemen of
wealth and held in large amounts, and that
any exception is a very rare exception ?
Mr. BROOM.ALL. My experience is just
exactly the reverse. The largest bonds are
held by those who are able to hold them—
wealthy men—but the great body of the bonds
are small bonds held by men and women, and
held for orphans who have very little other
property. Does the gentleman wish to make
this unjust discrimination against those who
have loaned their property to the Govern-
ment to aid it during the war? I withdraw
my amendment.
Air. STEVENS. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Iudiana
by striking out the word "ten" and inserting
"nine." 1 do it because I desire as one who
voted with the majority to tax the income on
these bonds ten per cent, when the measure
was before this House last summer, to enter
my dissent to the statement of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that the
members of this House who acted with the
majority upon that occasion did so under the
necessities of party pressure. I do not think
it lies in the mouth of the gentleman from
Ohio to charge the majority upon that occa-
sion with motives which have never been im-
puted to them upon this floor, I think, before
we heard the accusation from the gentleman
from Ohio here to-night, inasmuch as he him-
self acted with the minority on that question.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to recall the history
ot' that legislation. It will be recollected that
the Committee of Ways and Means were in-
structed to report to this House a bill taxing
the income on United States bonds ten per
cent. They did so with a protest against the
measure as the opinion of the committee.
Notwithstanding that protest we passed the
measure by a very large majority.
A Member. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, we passed a resolu-
tion announcing the policy of taxing the income
from bonds—that is my recollection, and cer-
tainly there is no doubt about that—and now
the majority which passed that resolution are
charged here by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means with having given
that vote under the pressure of party necessity
and for party purposes ; and he says substan-
tially that now the election is over we are in
justice bound 
Mr. SCHENCK. I said nothing of the kind.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentle-
man to say—though I may not use his exact
language, and probably do not—that that vote
was "before the election." Now, I ask the
gentleman what that means, if it does not
intend and imply that we so voted under the
pressure of political necessity and for a politi-
cal purpose, and that it was not the honest
expression of the opinion of men acting here
as legislators under the solemnity of the oath
they had taken ? Now, I want to say in regard
to this matter thatl not only voted asl thought
right and proper under the circumstances, but,
in fact, under the sanction of opinion expressed
by the Republican party of my own State. For
in the campaign of 1868 the most fiercely
fought political coutest that our State has ever
known, the Republicans of New Hampshire
declared, in their State platform, substantially
that taxation should be equalized, and that the
holders of the bonds of the United States
should pay their share of the public burdens.
I voted upon that occasion, not under the press-
ure of party or political necessity, not for party
purposes, but I voted for that measure be-
cause it was the best measure before the House
at that time as a remedy for this inequality of
taxation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there was any one
question settled by the voice of the people in
the late election it was the question which re-
lates to our national securities. The people
have said in their verdict that we will do equal
and exact justice to the creditors of this Gov-
ernment. We all know very well that this bond
question, this question of taxing the national
securities, was discussed from every stump
throughout the length and breadth of this land.
We know that in no State was that discussion
more earnest than in the State of Indiana—we
know that. And we know that a distinguished
citizen of the West, living in the State of Indi-
ana, not far from the residence of the gentle-
man who brings forward thisproposition, [Mr.
Holman,] attempted to champion this matter.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WOOD. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Sohexck] called
me to order a few minutes since for not adher-
ing to the text of the particular amendment
under discussion.
Mr. SCHENCK. And the Chair overruled
me.
Mr. WOOD. Thegentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] is now discussing national
policy, and the party issues determined at the
last election, so far as they relate to the ques-
tion of taxation. I want to know if it is in order
to discuss those questions, for if it is I desire
to take part in it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the argument of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] as to the opinions of
the people upon this specific tax is in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was proceeding to say,
when interrupted, that the people have spoken
upon this question. I believe they understood
it; certainly they must have understood it from
the manner in which it was discussed, and the
ability with which it was presented during the
late campaign. They have said that justice
shall be done to the creditors of the Govern-
ment. That they should be taxed equally with
all other property owners in the United States
none willdeny. Allwilladmitthatthey should
bear their equal share of the burden of taxa-
tion. But what is the proposition here pre-
sented? In the first place it starts out by say-
ing that we will tax the holders of the securities
of this Government at double the rate we tax
anybody else. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] intimates that these bonds are
held by the wealthy and in large amounts.
Sir, I tell the gentleman if he wishes to satisfy
himself upon that point to go to the Treasury
at the other end of the avenue on the 1st day
of July next, and standthere from nineo'clock
in the forenoon until three o'clock in the after-
noon and observe the crowd that will go up to
the paying teller there, and notice for himself
who are the persons presenting coupons there
for payment. I will venture the assertion that
on that day he will not see five persons draw-
ing §1,000 each upon the coupons they present
there. But he will see persons presenting
three dollar coupons, six dollar coupons, and
fifteen and thirty dollar coupons. That will
be the character of the coupons presented there
by the small capitalists and laboring men, and
the industrious people of this District aud the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. Iwithdraw theamendment
to the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment to the ameudmerit, for the pur-
pose of replying to the gentleman from Nevr
Hampshire [Mr. Stevens] and correcting
some statements he has made. It so happened
that at the time when the resolution was passed
by the House of Representatives the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schekck] was absent, and it becaroe my duty,
following the instructions of the House, to re-
port the measure from the Committee of Ways
and Means, which was done in precise accord-
ance with the instructions of the House. We
reported at the same time, fairly and openly,
our objections to the bill, as the committee had
a right to do. We reported that the bill was
presented in conformity to the instructions of
the House and did not embody the opinions
of the committee. I have always understood
that the House was entirely satisfied with the
reasons which the committee gave why that
bill should not be passed. At any rate the
friends of the measure never called it up, and
there was never any action in this House upon
it. [Laughter.] A similar resolution was
brought in subsequently, and it could never
get one third of the votes of the House. Several
attempts were made to have the same resolu-
tion adopted again ; but those attempts failed
for want of votes, showing that a large majority
of the House were evidently satisfied with the
reasons which had been presented by the com-
mittee, [laughter.] and were on reflection
opposed to the measure; so that no action was
ever taken upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. Will thegentleman please
state what became of that adverse report and
the bill which the Committee of Ways and
Means reported at that time? I have forgotten
the history of the matter.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The his-
tory of the matter is very simple. The com-
mittee took the House at its word, and reported
a bill iti precise accordance with the instruc-
tions.
Mr. STEVENS. What became of the bill?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The com-
mittee reported that, they were adverse to it,
and of course they did not call it up. It was
for the friends of the measure to call it up ;
but they never did so.
Mr. STEVENS. Call it up from what?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. From the
table, 1 presume.
Mr. STEVENS. As I understand, then, it
went to the Speaker's table with the report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It came
in like any other bill reported, aud could be
brought up at the pleasure of the House. I
do not know where it is now. No friend of
the measure has ever called it up.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, gentlemen
on the other side of the'House seem to be
somewhatastonished that we on this side should
agitate the taxation of the bonds of the United
States, and they intimate that we thereby advo
cate, to a certain extent, the repudiation of a
contract which has been solemnly made by the
Government. Now, sir, I say that if we do
advocate anything of that kind we only advo-
cate a principle which the party on the other
side of the House has laid down for us. In
last July the Republican party taught us this
lesson. They passed an act providing—
" That the interest on the fund known as the naval
pension fund shall hereafter be at the rntoof three
percent, per annum in l&wlul money, and^shall bo
applicable exclusively to the paymcutof the naval
pensions according to existing laws.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what did that mean?
That the interest on a fund of $14,000,000
which belonged to the widows and orphans of
the seamen and officers of the United States
Navy should be reduced from six per cent, in
gold to three per cent, in lawful money?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the gentleman
know that that fund at three per cent, interest
is ample to pay all the naval pensioners of this
Government?
Mr. ARCHER. Because the Republican
party has given to these widows and orphans
.only a bare pittance upon which to live. In
the county in which 1 reside there is a poor
