1869.
THE CON"GRjESSIOXAE " GL0B1.
appointed a lieutenant colonel of volunteers.
He was a captain in the regular Army, and was
taken out of the regular Army and made lieu-
tenant colonel in the volunteer service, and
being wounded at the battle of Antietam, he
was detailed for recruiting service in Michi-
gan. While there, without any knowledge or
notification on his part, he was mustered out
of the service, and was subsequently dis-
missed the service, without any notification
or trial. He served the country after his dis-
missal ; in point of fact, gallantly in tho South
for some time. Because he drew his lieuten-
ant colonel's pay after being mustered out of
service up to the time of his dismissal, not
being notified of his muster-out, he was dis-
missed the service, and then was put to the
trouble of coming to Washington to reinstate
himself. The error of the Government was
acknowledged; lie was reinstated to his posi-
tion as captain in the regular Army, and as
soon as a vacancy occurred he went back
again into the service. He asks compensa-
tion only from the time of his dismissal up to
the time he was reinstated ; not from the time
of his reinstatement up to the time when a
vacancy occurred when he went back into the
service. I think it is due that this gallant
officer should be paid up for that time. It is
a matter for the Senate to decide.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
th'ird reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. HOWE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole, Corbett,
Cm,gin,Davis, Dixon, Fowler, Harlan, Harris, Hend-
ricks, Howard, Nye, Ramsey, Rice, Ross, Tipton,
Van Winkle, Vickers, Wade, Welch, and Willey—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cattell.Conkling, Conness, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Howe, Mc-
Crcery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire,Trum-
bull. and Williams—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Drake, Ferry.Grimes, Henderson, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Patterson of Tennessee,
Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Warner, Wliyte, Wilson, and Yates—28.
So the bill was passed.
STEWART BARNES.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 953, a bill for the relief of Blanton
Duncan.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will not press
that motion for a little while yet.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is a private bill re-
ported by me from the Judiciary Committee
which I have tried for a number of days to
get up.
Mr. CONKLING. Was not this evening set
apart for bills from the Committee on Claims?
If it was not, there are two private bills on the
table that I should like to call up that came
from the Post Office Committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
how that is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The even-
ing was set aside for reports from the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it was for
private claims generally.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
972. I must have unanimous consent, because
it was reported to-day.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No.
972) for the benefit of Stewart Barnes was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It recites in its preamble
that Stewart Barnes, late captain and assistant
quartermaster in the United States Army, Con-
necticut volunteers, had his office at Plymouth,
North'Carolina, when it was captured by the
rebels, with a large quantity of quartermaster
stores, for which he has received credit by the
proper authority, and the committee being sat-
isfied that there was captured at the same time
in the office of Barnes the sum of $674 72,
money of the United States, the bill directs
that the proper officers of the Government, in
the settlement of the accounts of Barnes, shall
credithim with the sum of $674 72, • •
Mr. BUCKALEW. That would be rather
a queer bill on the statute-book. It talks about
"the committee." One looking at the statute-
"book will not know what committee is meant.
It says_ " the committee" is satisfied that the
claim is right. I suggest that there be some
change of phraseology in the preamble.
Mr. HOWE. Let the bill be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I think it should be amended.
I move to strike out the preamble and make
the proper correction in the phraseology. I
move that the bill be amended so as to read:
That the proper accounting officers of the Govern-
ment.in the settlement of the accounts of Stewart
Barnes, do credit him with the sum of $674 72, being
the amount of money captured by the rebels while
in his custody and charged to him on the books of
the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator state
whether or not Mr. Barnes received this money
from the United States and was charged with it ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; he stands charged
with it on the books. He cannot get his pay
because of the difficulty in settling his money
accounts.
The bill was reported to the Senateas amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
PAY Or DEPUTY COLLECTORS.
Mr. CATTELL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (H. R. No. 1812)
to allow deputy collectors and assistant assessors of
internal revenue acting as collectors or assessors the
pay of collectors and assessors having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do rccommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same.
They further agree and recommend that the title
be changed, so as to read: "An act to allow deputy
collectors of internal revenue actingascollectorsthe
pay of collectors, and for other purposes."
ALEXANDER G. CATTELL,
W1LLARD WARNER,
J. S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C, SCHENCK,
LEONARD MYERS.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CATTELL. 1 will simply say that the
bill stands precisely as it passed the Senate.
The report was concurred in.
ELLEN SIMMS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 024.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 924) for the relief of Ellen Simms was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to refer the
claim of Ellen Simms against the estate of
York Williams, late deceased, for boarding and
nursing him during his last illness, and for per-
sonal expenses and physician's bills paid by
her, to the Second Comptroller, to be audited
and settled by him, and to provide for paying
to her such sum as the Comptroller shall find
justly due to her on account of her claim, but
the total amount so paid to her is not to exceed
the sum of $300.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
Senator state why the United States should pay
Miss Simms for taking care of Mr. Williams.
Mr. WILLEY. This is an old woman ninety
years of age, living in Baltimore—a colored
woman. There was a soldier named York
Williams who went out of the service in the
spring of 1865 very much disordered. He had
a loathsome disease; he had no friends to take
care of him. This old lady was distantly re-
lated to him. York Williams applied to the
old lady to take him in and nurse him, promis-
ing that lie would pay so much per week out
of his back pay and bounty when they should
be received by him. She did take him in and
nursed him until he died, making a eonsider-
able ac,Count b'ef6rehe dl«d for bdard; and filso
she paid his physician's Mils and "his funeral
expenses. Application was made to the Freed-
inen's Bureau by this old lady for payment.
There was about forty-nine dollars back pay,
which the Freedmen'a Bureau paid to her; but
a certificate for the bounty, it seems, had been
issued a little while after the death of York
Williams, and it was decided by the Comp-
troller that this money was not subject to ad-
ministration, and that it reverted to the Gov-
ernment. If he had lived a little longer he
could have received the bounty; and he would,
under the contract—which is pretty clearly
proven—have bees bound to pay the old lady
this bounty, as far as it extended, for the ex-
penses of nursing him and boarding him and
the physician's bills which she paid for him.
The Committee on Claims thought it was a
hard case that this old lady should not receive
anything for her services to him; and they
reported the bill accordingly providing that the
matter be referred to the Second Comptroller,
who, upon proper proof such as shall con-
vince him, is to pay the amount that is due to
the old lady for nursing York Williams, pro-
vided that sum does not exceed $300, the
amount of the bounty. Tbat is all there is of it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
passed.
MATHILDA VICTOR.
Mr. WILLEY. I move the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 875.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (8.
No. 875) for the relief of Mathilda Victor was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Mathilda Victor of $5,000 in full
satisfaction of all her claims for use of and
damages done to certain property and the
appurtenances thereunto belonging to her,
situate in the town of Baton Rouge, in the State
of Louisiana, and known as St. Mary's Female
Academy, by the United States military forces
in the years 1863-64.
Mr. WILLEY. I suppose this bill will re-
quire some explanation. There is a printed
report with the bill, a pretty long report, which
gives tho whole history of the case. I ask that
it be read.
Mr. HOWARD. I hardly think it necessary
to read the report in that case. Unless the
Senator presses it I hope the reading will be
dispensed with. I apprehend the Senate un-
derstand the merits of this case very well. I
certainly do, for one.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not desire that the re-
port should be read unless the reading is called
for.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it a most merito-
rious claim.
Mr. COLE. The Senator who reports it
ought to give some explanation of it. My own
judgment is that the bill is too large as re-
ported.
Mr. HOWE. I am opposed to the payment
of this sum of money myself, and I will state
in a word the point upon which I oppose it.
This lady lived in Louisiana. There is no
question but that she was an ardent friend of
the United States—no question in my mind,
and I believe none in the mind of any one. She
owned a school-house there, and she had been
a teacher. Our troops took possession of her
property, and they found it necessary to destroy
one of the buildings to give a range to their
guns. Another building was used for quar-
ters. Rent was paid, bat I believe that it_ is
alleged that not enough was paid. The point
in the case upon which I am not satisfied is
this : under other circumstances I should be in
favor of paying everything that she lost; but
the property that this bill proposes to pay for
is property which was destroyed by the Gov-
ernment in the prosecution of the war, and
not property which the Government took for
its use. So far as we used her property I have
no doubt we ought to pay for it, as I thought
we ought to pay for property that we took in
