844
THE 0 0 M) RESSION'AL GLOBE.
February 3,
orphan boy who.is now receiving from the Gov-
ernment but ninety-six dollars a year, the rest
6t his maintenance being earned by the needle
of his aunt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the gentleman
knov/ that the naval pensioners get the same
as the Army pensioners do, and that this naval
fund is sufficient three, per cent, interest to
pay them, to the last dollar all that we have
ever promised ,to pay them ?
Mr. ARCHER. But I say to the gentleman
that the naval- fund was a vested fund.for the
benefit of the widows and-orphans of the sea-
men and officers of our Navy. Instead of.
giving these seamen and officers bounties to
induce them to enlist, we gave'to the widows
and orphans prize money derived from the
prizes captured by our naval vessels; and this
money 
Mr. UPSON. I would like to know whether
this has anything to do with the income tax ?
Mr. ARCHER.. We have been discussing
the right of this Government to tax the bonds
of the United States, or to reduce the interest
by making it liable to taxation. Now, I say
that this fund was a sacred fund—a fund which
was as much guarantied against any diminu-
tion 
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the remarks of the gentleman are
uot pertinent to the question before the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is dis-
cussing the propriety of levying a tax on United
States bonds bearing a specific rate of inter-
est, and is illustrating his argument by refer-
ring to the action of Congress last session in
reducing the interest upon the naval fund. The
Chair is of the opinion that the gentleman's
remarks are in order.
Mr. ARCHER Now, sir, I say if we on this
side of the House wanted an example we had
that example in the action of the Republican
party when it deprived the widows and orphans
of those who had served faithfully in the United
States Navy of their interest in the Navy fund.
Their right to that fund was a vested right. It
belonged to them. The House only retained
the disposition of the interest. At first it was
a small fund, but the accruing interest caused
it to grow so that it became larger than was
sufficient to pay at the rates then tixed. It was
the duty of the Republican party and of this
House to have increased those annuities to
these widows and orphans. Rut, sir, they shut
them ofl'aud deprived thorn of that fuud, or at
least one half of it. Yet, sir, wo arc upbraided
hero with depriving poor persons who hold these
bonds of a portion of the income which they
derive from the interostwliich is paid on them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew bis amendment.
Mr. STA11KWEATIIE R. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the word "ten."
Mr. Chairman, I wish to take issue with the
gentleman from Indiana in reference to two
remarks which he made. In the first place,
the assertion was made that a majority of the
bonds were held by rich people. A very
thorough investigation of that matter was made
last tall, during the canvass on the part of
ollicials who had the best, means of knowin<?
who held these bonds. Let me calf the attend
tion of the gentleman to the facts, which aro
derived from official sources. Two hundred
and fifty million dollars of these bonds are held
by savings-banks. Thosebondsin the savings-
bauks are represented generally by persons
who hold an interest in those banks to the
extent of from two to four hundred dollars,
therefore, so far as that, $250,000,000 is con-
cerned, it is the basis of the capital of poor
people who have ou the average from two to
tour hundred dollars,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the geutl email to
yield to me for a question.
•r"' lw™^Ti?ER- C«'to>nly.
. f ■ Is it .nut also true that
the bonds which form the capital of national
banks aie taxed, precisely as every other species'
of property is. taxed, for governmental and
State purposes ?,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. , I was'(joining to
that. Now, Mr. Chairman, as far as .the
$250,000,000 is concerned, which is held by
savings banks, that cannot be said to be in the
hands of rich people. - Next we have $1<>0,-
000,000 of these bonds, which are held as
charity and trust funds and in other institutions
where the interest of the poor as a general
thing is represented, That disposes of $400,-
000,000 of these bonds. Then there ore held
in the national banks about five hundred mil-
lion dollars of these bonds which are already
taxed. That disposes of $900,000,000 of these
bonds.. About eight hundred millions are held
abroad. The gentleman does not propose to
reach them, and he cannot reach them. That
makes $1,700,000,000 entirely out of the ques-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut will permit me to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have only five
minutes, and I hope the gentleman will not
take all of my time.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment does not
propose to exempt any of those bouds from the
provisions of this section.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. According to the
calculations which I have made we would then
have but a small proportion of these bonds
undisposed of. How- is that remaining balance
held? They aro held by sixteen or twenty
thousand different holders, and only a very
small part of them, about one fifteenth, is held
by parties who hold them in any very largo
amounts. The effect of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana would
be to tax poor people, who ought to be, if any
are, exempted from taxation. He not only
proposes to tax them, but he insists that they
shall be taxed double. He proposes that any
one who shall hold a $100 bond shall pay
double the tax in proportion to his income that
the raan pays who has an income of $30,000,
$40,000, or $100,000 a year is compelled to
pay. If such unjust discrimination against
poor people be the gentleman's Democracy he
is entitled to make the most of it. It is not
mine, nor is it the platform of the great Repub-
lican party, which has saved the nation's life
when assailed by traitors, and now stands by
its plighted faith pledged to its creditors and
against all repudiation, open and covert.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. WOOD. ^ Now, Mr. Chairman, the prin-
ciple involved in this amendment is, in my
judgment, not affected in the least in the con-
sideration of this question of taxation as to who
are the parties in whose hands these bonds are
held. In considering the question of taxation
it is not proper to bring in who may for the
time being be in possession of these securities.
But, sir, taking that view of the question, it has
been already ascertained, after a great, deal of
labor by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, that there are $800,000,000 of these
bonds held in Europe; that out of an aggre-
gate debt of $2,500,000,000 about one third of
the bonds are m the hands of European bond-
holders. Now,sir, I know from practical obser-
vation and acquai ntance with the financial m ove-
ralls of thecityof New York thatfull two thirds
of the remainder of the bonds are held by New
York capitalists and by institutions under their
control. It is true, as the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkwbather] has said,
there are about two hundred and fifty million
dollars in the hands of savings-banks; but it
is a mistake to suppose that because the capital
of savings-banks are founded on $250,000,000
of Government bonds the securities are all for
the benefit of the poorer classes. The deposits
of the poorer classes are placed there, but they
are not dependent at all upon the solvency of
the securities nor upon the taxation which
these securities may pay.
Then, again, we can trace, besides the $260,-
000,000 in the savings-banks the $800,000,080
tuat are deposited in the national bunks of fhe
country'and the $800,000^000 in Europe, but
the balance we cannot trace except in the .great
moneyed capitalists of the country. And, in
my judgment, were it possible to ascertain the
amount of small Government securities in the
hands of the poorer class it would be found
to be less than one twentieth, of the aggregate.
Therefore, if that principle is to determine the
question, in my judgment the opinion of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is cor-
rect-, that these bonds are held by the rich, and
they should bear the burdens of the Govern-
ment. It is the capital of the country receiv-
ing the advantage of- the annual expenditure
of $300,000,000. It is the proprietary, the prop-
erty interest, that is protebted by our laws and
legislation, and that, in my judgment, should
bear the greater proportion of the burdens of
the Government.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HIGBY. Irenewit. Idonotbelieveit
is well to speculate upon the faith of the nation.
One thing is to be borne in mind: that crars
instead of being a creditor nation is a debtor
nation to a very great amount. To-day under
the rules and regulations in business commu-
nities, if you were to regard this nation as you
do an individual, and it was called upon to pay
its debt according to its promise, it could not
doit. Instead of being independent it is some-
what dependent, and I hardly think at this
time, were it a question whether it would not
be economy in this nation to-day to negotiate
a foreign loan of $1,000,000,000, if it could be
done, at a low rate of interest, to take up the
five-twenty bonds, that it would be in the power
of the Government to do it. Sir, the credit of
this nation, when it wants to borrow, is affected
by the speculations here in the Halls of Con-
gress, so that instead of obtaining money at
three and a half or even four per cent. I doubt
whether we could go abroad and get it at five
per cent. _ Why ? -Because it is a question
whether this nation will preserve good faith
whenever it seeks to make a loan, and this
kind of speculation in this Hall and in the
other end of the Capitol, if it exists there, is
more dangerous to the credit of this nation
than all other debates that can be indulged in.
In discussing financial questions this constant
harping upon the question of payment of the
Government creditors, and these attempts to
cast a stigma upon the indebtedness of the
nation that is held in the hands of its citizens,
is doing immense harm.
Sir, the public debt was incurred at a time
when those men who had faith in a God above
who rules in the midst of the nations of the
earth stood ready to help it out of the storm.
They were the men who took these bonds iu
those times of trial. It was not the men who
were the constituents of the Democratic mem-
bers that did it. There, sir, is a very good
reason why they should rise here and use such
arguments, lhose who back them up are not
the holders of Government bonds. They
would not take them, because they had no faith
in the Government in its hour of trial.
Mr. SO HEN CK. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to stop debate upon this section. It has taken
some latitude, and I hope now by unanimous
consent it will be closed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will then consent to let
the gentleman have five minutes.
No objection being made, debate was or-
dered to be closed on the pending section in
five minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. My object, in objecting to
closing debate is not so much that I desire to
be heard as because I desire, without seeming
to interfere with the progress of the committee,
'l'tj ProP°s''-'on should be voted upon by
the House, lhe subject is so well understood,
has been so maturely considered, not only here,
but by our constituents at home, having been
discussed from every stump throughout the
whoJc country during the recentcampaign. and
is oue ou which the people are so thoroughly
informed that it certainly requires no discus-
