846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
posed of one or both parents and one or moro minor
ohildren or husband and wife; and guardians shall
be allowed to make the deduction in favor of each
and every ward, except that in cass© of two or more
wards comprised in one family, having joint prop-
erty interest, only one deduction shall be made in
their favor.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to remove some
obscurity in the language of the section, I move
to amend by inserting after the word "interest"
in line thirty-six the words "on money bor-
rowed by such person to enable him ;M so that
the clause will read:
The amount paid by him for rent, labor, or inter-
est on money borrowed by such person to enable him
to cultivate land or to conduct any other business
from which income is derived.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out in line twenty-four
the word "and" after "institutions" and in-
serting "but shall also includeso as to make
the language read:
And the share of any person of the grains and prof-
its, whether divided or not, of all companies, either
incorporated or partnership, but not including tho
amount of income received from institutions or cor-
porations whose officers, as required by law, with-
hold and pay as taxes a per cent, of the dividends
made and of interest or coupons paid by such insti-
tutions, but shall also include any amount received
as salary or pay for services in the civil, military,
naval, or other service of the United States, includ-
uig salary received as Senator, Representative, or
Delegate in Congress.
This amendment does not vary the sense, but
makes it clearer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend by striking
put in iine ten the words "amount of" and
inserting in lien thereof tho words "profits
on so as to make the clause read :
Tho profits on sales of live stock, sugar, woo], but-
ter..olieese, pork, beef', mutton, or other meats, hay
and gram, or other Vegetable or other productions,
boiDi? the growth or produeo of tho estate of such
poison, not including any part thereof oonsuined
directly by the family.
Mr. Chairman, the clause which I propose
to amend is, I presume, copied from the exist
in 8 law or some prior law; but it is, in my
judgment, exceedingly objectionable. It will
lie perceived that in the first part of the sec-
tion we propose to tax only the profits on sales
of real estate ; so that speculators in real
pf-tale, men who by buying and selling lots
amass, as many do in the city of New York
aiid other large cities, hundreds of thousands
ol dollars annually, are taxed only on their
profits; but in ft subsequent part of the section
we propose to tax the farmer, not on his
prolils, but on the amount of his sales of live
slock, wool, butter, cheese, beef, mutton, hay,
grain, &c. The amount of the sales of these
various articles is taxed at the same rate as
the profits on real estate speculations. It ap-
pears to me that this is a discrimination in the
interest of a class not entitled to any special
favor oil the part of the Government, and
against the interest of the large agricultural
producing class of the country. If this tax
upon the amount of the sales of agricultural
products be retained, we should impose a tax
on tho amount of sales of real estate, so that
the man selling $100,000 worth of such prop-
erty shall pay tax on §100,000; or if it is right
that sales of real estate should be taxed onlv
on the profits, then let sales of agricultural
products be taxed in the same way.
Mr. SCH-ENCK. Mr. Chairman, I think
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
would not have offered this amendment if he
had examined the whole of the section, which
must be taken together in order to be pioperly
understood. It is true that in making up the
fHra taxcd there is to be a return
of | e amount of sales of live stock, sugar,
wool, butter, cheese, pork," &e.. thus requiring
not the profits but the sales of the farmer to
be returned ; butamoiigtheexeuiptions will he
toiind this particular exemption for the benefit
or the farmer:
" The amount paid by him"—
That is, any person—
"for rent, labor, or interest on money borrowed bf
such pe^oa to enable him to cultivate land, or to
conduct any other business from which income is
derived."
He has all the interest he pays and all the
labor and all the rent deducted in addition to
any other deduction, thus giving the one en.-
j ;n tke cuit,ivation 0f the land a special
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that I apprehend the chairman
of-the Committee of Ways and Means has not
fully answered my objection to the section as
it stands.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will only say that the
section is the law as it is at present, only that
it is made a little clearer.
Mr.WOOD. Imovetostrikeouttbelastword.
The gentleman will perceive that the farmer
who cultivates his own farm by his own labor
and the labor of his sons, to whom he pays no
money, and who enablehim to grow bis crops,
is made to pay an unfair sum relatively. The
real estate speculator may make $100,000 a.
year, and yet he is only compelled to pay a tax
on his profits, which he returns as he pleases,
while the producer pays on his sales without
reference to what his profits may be. He is
not allowed to deduct the interest on the value
of his farm. That is nowhere provided for.
If he has a farm worth $10,000 he is not al-
lowed to deduct $700, which is the interest of
that investment. The farmer has to pay on
his absolute sales, while the real estate specu-
lator merely pays on the profits which he re-
turns. It is an exemption in favor of the
speculator, and a most unjust discrimination
against the farmer.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to; and the amendment was then re-
jected.
The Clerk read the following sections, to
which no amendments were offered:
Sue. 255. And be it further enactcd. That it shall be
tho duty of every person of lawful age to make and
render n return, ou or before tha day designated by
law, m such form and manner as may be prescribed
by tho Commissioner of internal Revenue, to tho
assistant assessor of the district in which he resides
of tho amount ofhis income, gains, and profits as
aforesaid j and every guardian and trustee, executor
and administrator, and any person acting in any
other fiduciary capacity, shall make and render a
return as aforosaid to the assistant assessor of the
district ill which such person ootincr in a fiduciary
capacity resides, of the amount of income, gains,
and profits «t any minoror porson for whom he acts-
and tho assistant assessor shall require every such
return to be verified by tho oath or atfirrpation of
tho party rondering it, and may incroaseth"eamount
of any roturn if he has reason to believe that the
same 13 understated ; and in case any such person
shall nogioct or refuse to make and render suoh re-
•urn, or shall render a falso or fraudulent return, it
shall be the duty of tho assessor or the assistant
assessor to makesuch return, according to tho best
information he can obtain by tile examination of
such person, or his hooks or accounts, or any other
evidence, and to nrtdlifty per cent, as a penalty to
tho nmount of tho tax duo 011 such return - in ail
eases of willful neglect or refusal to make and render
a return, and in all cases of a false or fraudulent
roturn having been rendered, to add ono hundred
percent, as a penally to tho amount of tax ascer-
tained to be due; the tux, and tho additions thereto
us penalty, to bo assessed and collected in the man-
ner provided for in other cases of willful neglect
or refusal to render a return, or of rendering
a falso and fraudulent return. Ally person, in
hi  own behalf or as suoh fiduciary, shall be per-
mitted to declare, under oath or affirmation, the
torm and manner of which shall be prescribed hy
tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he
or his ward or boncficiary, was not possessed of an
income of &1.000,_ liable to bo assessed according to
tbo provisions of this act; or may declare that an
income tax has been assessed and paid elsewhere in
the same year, under authority of the United States
upon Ins income, gains, and profits, or those of his
ward or beneficiary, as required by law; and if the
assistant assessor shall be satisfied of tho truth of the
declaration such person shall thereupon be exempt
troin income tax 111 the said district; or if the return
of any person shall have been increased by the as-
sistant assessor, such porson may exhibit his books
and accounts, and be permitted to prove and declare
under oath or affirmation, the amount of income
liable to be assessed; but such oaths and evidence
shall not beconsidered as ooneiusiveof the facts, and
no deductions claimed in such eases shall be made
or allowed until approved by the assistant assessor.
Any person toelmg aggrieved by the decision of the
assistant assessor in such cases may appeal to the
assessor of tho district, and his decision thereon
unless reversed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, shall be final, and tho form, time, and man-
ner of proceedings shall be subject to rules and reg-
ulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner of
interim J Revenue: but no penalty shall be assessed
upon any person for such neglect or refusal, or for
making or rendering a false or fraudulent return,
except after reasonable notieo of the time and place
of hearing, to be regulated by the Commissioner of
Internal Kevenue, so as to give the person charged
an opportunity to be heard.
Sec. 256. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be levied, collected, and paid a tax of live per cent,
on the amount of all interest or coupons paid on
bonds or other evidences of debt issued and payable
after more than two years from date, and on tho
amount of all dividends of earnings, income, or gains
hereafter declared by any bank, trust company, sav-
ings institution, insurance company, railioad com-
pany, steamboat or steamship company, canal com-
pany, turnpike company, canal navigation company,
slack-water company, and manufacturing company,
whenever and wherever the same shall be payable,
and to whatsoever person the same may be due, in-
cluding non-residents, whether citizens or aliens,
and on all undivided profits of any suoh corporation
or company which have accrued and been earned and
added to any surplus or contingent fund, or expended
or used for construction, but notiucludiug any amount
expended torrppairsorreplacingoldorworn-outpor-
tions of the property, or any improvements of the
same; and every such corporation orcompany,having
paid tho tax as aforesaid, is hereby authorized to de-
duct and withhold from any payment on account of
interest, coupons, and dividends, an amount equal
to the tax of five per cent, on thesame; and the pay-
ment to the United States, as provided by law, ot tne
amount of tax so deductedfrom the interest, coupons,
and dividends aforesaid, shail discharge the coipora-
tion or company from any liability for that amount
of said interest,coupons, or dividends elaimcd as duo
to any person, except in cases where said corporations
or companies have provided otherwise by an express
contract: Provided, That the tax upon the dividends
of the life insurance companies shall not be deemed
duo until such dividends are payable; nor shall tho
portion of pi omiumsroturned by mutual life insurance
companies to their policy holders, nor the annual or
semi-annual interest allowed or paid to the deposit-
ors in savings-banks or savings institutions, be con-
sidered as dividends; and that when any dividend is
made which includes any part of the surplus or con-
tingent fund of any bank, trustcompany, savings in-
stitution, iusuranceor railroad, steamboat or steam-
ship, canal, turnpike, canal navigation, slack-water
company, ormanufacturingcompany, which has been
assessed and the tax paid thereon, the amount of tax
so paid on that portion of the surplus or contingent
fund, and theamountof tax which has been withheld
and paid011 incoinoreceivedfrominstitutions or cor-
porations whose officers are required by law to with-
hold a per cent, on interest, coupons, and dividends,
may be deducted from the tax on such dividends.
Srcc. 257. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son having the care or management ot any bank,
trust company, savings institution, insurance com-
pany, railroad company, steamboat or steamship
company, canal company, turnpike company, canal
navigation company, slaek-watercompany, and man-
ufacturing company shall make and render to the
assessor or assistant assessor of the district in which
such porson has his office for the conducting of the
business of such company, on or before tho lOfh day
of tile month following that in which any dividends
or sumsot money becomedue or payable, as aforesaid,
a true and faithful return,in such form as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe, ot the
amountof income and profits and of taxes, as aforesaid;
and there shal 1 be annexed thereto a declaration ot tn e
president, cashier, or treasurer of thecompany, under
oath or affirmation, in form and manner to be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of Internal Kevenue,
that tho same contains a true and faithful account
of tho income and profits and of taxes, as afoie^aid
And for any default in the making or rendering of
suoh return, with suchdeclaration annexed, the com-
pany so m default shall forfeit as a penalty the sum
of $1,000; and in case of any d< fault in making or
rendering said return, or of any default in the pay-
ment ol the tax, as required, or any part thereoi.tho
assessment and collection of the tax and penalty shall
bo m accordance with the general provisions of law
in other cases of ncglect and refusal: Provided, Ttint
m any case where the earnings and profits ot any
company mentioned as above, being in good faith
applied to the payment of the interest on its debts,
shall be insufficient to pay such interest, the tax to
be returned under the provisions of this section shall
not bo required to be paid until such company shall
resume full payment ot its interest.
feec. 258. And be it further enacted, That consuls of
foreign Governments who are not citizens of the Uni-
ted States shall be, and hereby are, exempt from any
income tax imposed by this act which maybe de-
rived from their official emoluments or from prop-
erty m foreign countries: Provided, That the Gov-
ernments which such consuls may represent shall
extend similar exemption to consuls of the United
fctates.
The Clerk next read the following section:
Legacies and Distributive Share* of Personal Propei hj.
Sec. 259. And be it further enacted, That any persou
having in charge ortrust as administrato'*, executor,
or trustee any legacy or distributive share aiisiug
irom personal pi operry, wherethe total value of sucii
personal property shall exceed the sum of $1,0U0,
passing from any person possessed theieof either by
will or by the intestate laws of any State, and any
person having in charge, as trustee or tor his own
an/, Personal property or interest therein,
transferred by deed, grant, bargain, sale, or gift, m ide
H ? e^ect possession or enjoyment
alter t&e death of thegrantor or bargainor to any per-
son or to any body politic or corporate, including
municipal corporations and States, in trust or other-
