1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
wise, shall hold the same subject to a tax to bo paid
to the United States, as follows, that is to say:
First Where the beneficial interest in such prop-
erty shall accrue to the lineal issue or lineal ances-
tor, brother or sister, or half-brother or sister, to the
person who died possessed thereof, at the rate of one
dollar for each $100 of the value of such interest in
such property. An adopted son or daughter who has
lived with and been recognized and provided for as
such by a testator or intestate.or who has been adopted
in pursuance of the laws of any State which securo
the right of inheritance to adopted children, shall be
regarded the same as the lineal issue.
Second. Where the beneficial interest insucli prop-
erty shall accrue to a descendant of a brother or sis-
ter, or of a half-brother or sister of the person who
died possessed, at the rate of two dollars for each $100
of the value of such interest.
Third. Where the beneficial interest in such prop-
erty shall accrue to a brother or sister, or a half-
brother or sister, of the father or mother, or to a
descendant of a brother or sister, or of a half-brother
or sister, of the father or mother of tho person who
died possessed, at the rate of four dollars for each
$100 of tho value of such interest.
Fourth. Where the benelicialintcrest in snch prop-
ertyshallaccruoto abrotherorsister, or half-brother
or sister, of tho grandfather or grandmother, or to
a descendant of the brother or sister,, or of a half-
brother or sister, of tho grandfather or grandmother
of the person who died possessed, at the rate of five
dollars for each $100 of the value of such interest.
Fifth. Where the beneficial interest in such prop-
erty shall accrue to a person in any other degree of
collateral consanguinity than is hereinbefore stated,
or to a stranger in blood to the person who died pos-
sessed. or to a body politic or corporate, including
municipal corporations and States, at the rate of six
dollars for each $100 of the value of such interest:
Provided, That all legacies or property passing by
will or by the laws of any State to husband or wife
of the person who died possessed, shall bo exempt
from tax, and that any legacy or personal property
passing as aforesaid to a minor child of the person
who died possessed shall be liable to tax, under this
section, only for the excess above $1,000 of its value.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to insert before
the word u sister" the word "half;" so that it
will read "half-brother or half-bister.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 260. And be it further enacted, That the tax
aforesaid shall be payable whenever the party inter-
ested in such legacy or distributive share or property
or interest shall become entitled to the possession or
enjoyment thereof, or to thebencficial interestin tho
profits accruing therefrom, and the same shall be a
lion and charge upon the property of the person dying
as aforesaid. for twenty years, unless soouer paid to
the United States; and the title to any estate, real or
personal, liable by virtue of this act to tax as a leg-
acy, distributive snare, or succession, and subject to
distribution upon the order of any court, or in pur-
suance of the intestate laws of any State, shall not
be deemed to have devolved upon any person until
the order or exhibit of the proper court officer or
person authorizing the distribution shall have been
indorsed as returned for taxation by the assessor of
the district. And every administrator, executor, or
trustee, having in charge or trustany personal prop-
erty or interest therein, or any legacy ordistributive
share arising from personal property as aforesaid,
shall, within thirty days after he shall have taken
charge of such trust, give notice thereof in writing
to the assessor or asi>istant assessor of the district
where tho deceased grantor or bargainer, testator or
intestate, Last resided: and every executor, adminis-
trator, or trustee, shall, before payment and distri-
bution to the legatees or to any parties entitled to
beneficial interest in such property, pay to tho col-
lector or deputy collector of the district of which
such deceased person was a resident the amount of
the tax assessed upon such legacy or distributive
share, and shall also make and render to the assessor
or assistant assessor of the said district a return, in
duplicate, of the amount of such legacy or distribu-
tive share, together with the amount of tax which
has accrued or shall accrue thereon, verified by his
oath or affirmation, to be administered and certified
by some magistrate or officer having lawful power to
administer oaths, in such form and manner as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, which return shall contain the names of each
person entitled to any beneficial interest in such
property, togethor with the value of such interest,
the duplicate of which return shall be by him im-
mediately delivered, and the tax thereon paid to
such collector; and upon such payment and the de-
livery of such return said collector shall execute, to
such person paying such tax, receipt for the same in
duplicate, to be prepared as hereinafter provided.
Such receipt, duly executed and delivered by such
collector, shall be sufficient evidence to entitle such
executor, administrator, or trustee to be credited
with such payment by every tribunal empowered
by the laws of any State to settle the accounts of
executors, administrators, and trustees. And any
administrator, executor, or trustee or person having
in charge or trust any legacy, distributive share, or
personal estate or interest therein, who shall neglect
to give the notice required by law, or who shall ne-
glect to render the return of any legacy, property, or
personal estate, or interest therein, as required by
law, or who shall make or deliver a false return of
any such legacy, property, personal estate,or interest,
or who shall give the name or relationship of any
person entitled tobeneficialinterestthereinuntruly,
or who shall not truly and correctly set forth and
state the value of such beneficial interest, shall, for
every such offense, on conviction, be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $2,000. And in any such
case of such misrepresentation or in any case where
no administration upon such property or personal
estate shall have been granted, or when, by the con-
sent of parties in interest.no division or distribution
is made or provided to be made and no return has
been made by them, the assistant assessor shall make
out in duplicate, upon the best information he can
obtain, such return, and assess tho taxes thereon,
and shall odd thereto ten per cent, and deliver tho
same to tho assessor, who shall enter it on the list
next thereafter returned to the collector, and the
duplicate of such return shall be immediately de-
livered to the collector, who shall, unless the tax
thereon shall be paid on demand, commence appro-
priate proceedings before any court ot tho United
States against any person who may have the actual
or constructive custody or possession of such property
or personal estate, or any part thereof, and shall sub-
ject such property or personal estate, or any portion
of tho same, to bo sold upon tho judgment or decree
of such court, and from the proceeds of such sale the
amount of such tax, together with all costs and ex-
penses of every description to be allowed by such
court, shall bo first paid, and the surplus, if any.
deposited according to tho order of such court, to be
paid under its direction to any person who shall
establish title to the same. The doed or deeds, or any
proper conveyance of such property or personal
estate, or any portion thereof, so sold under such
judgment or decree, executed by tho otficcr lawfully
charged with carrying the same into effoct, shall vost
in the purchaser all the title of tho delinquents tho
properly or personal estate sold under and by virtue
of such judgment or decree, and shall release every
other portion of such property or personal property
from tho lien or charge thoroon created by this act.
Mr, MAYNAlil). 1 move in the sixty-third
line to strike out "when" and insert "where;"
so that it will read "or where, by the consent
of parties in interest, no division and distribu-
tion is made," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows :
Sec. 261. Andbe itfurther enacted. That every pub-
lic officer or other person who shall have in his pos-
session, charge, custody, or under his control, any
paper, file, or official rccord,containing, or supposed
to contain, any information concerning any pro-
perty or personal estate passing, by will or other-
wise, from any dece ised person, shall exhibit tho
same at tho request of the assessor or assistant asses-
sor of the district, and to any law officer of the United
States, in tho performance of his duty under thi«s act,
his deputy or agent, who may desire to examine tho
same. And if any such person, havinginlus posses-
sion, charge, or custody, any such record, file, or
paper,shall refuse or ncglect to exhibit the same on
request, as aforesaid, he shall, on conviction, bo
fined not less than §100 nor more than $1,000. In all
legal controversion where a deed or title, executed
pursuant to any of the provisions of this act, shall
be tho subject of judicial invesligation, the recital
in said deed shall be prima facie cvidenco of its
truth, and that tho requirements of tho law have
been complied wiih by the officers of the Govern-
ment. The tax paid tor any legacy or distributive
share shall bo deducted from tho particular legacy
or distributive share on account of which the same
is chargcd, unless provision is otherwise made tor
the payment of the same by th« testator. Whenever
the income only of the legacy or distributive share
or property is applied to tho uso, or placed to the
credit, of tho beneficiary, tho tax thereon shall be
hold to accrue, andshall be assessed and collected as
other income taxes are assessed and collected.
Mr. VAN AUKEN. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I hope not. This is the
mere formal part of the bill reSuacting the law
as it is.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Surcennion to Real Estate.
Sec. 262. And be it further enacted. That for t.hn pur-
pose-, ot this actthe term "real estate" shall include
all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, corporeul
and incorporeal; that the " succession " shall denote
the devolution of title to any real estate.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
as follows:
Sec. 263. And be it farther enacted. That every past
or future disposition of real estate by will, deed, or
descent, by reason whereof any person shall become
beneficially entitled, in possession or expectancy, to
any real estate, or the income thereof, upon the
death of any person dying after tho passago of this
act, shrill bedeemed toconferon the person entitled,
by reason of any sueh disposition, a "succession:"
and the term "successor " shall denote the person so
entitled, and the term "predecessor " shall denote
the grantor, testator, ancestor, or other person from
whom the interest of the successor has been or shall
bo derived.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to strike out the
last word in that section for the purpose of
calling the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to the construc-
tion which has been put upon it by the Internal
Revenue Bureau. I understand the depart-
ment holds that where a woman seized of real
estate dies leaving a husband and children the
succession of the children only happens at the
husband's death, and is only then taxable, so
that if the father and children unite in the sale
of land daring the father's lifetime the Govern-
ment has to wait before it can collect its tax
until the father's death. That, as I under-
stand it, is the construction put upon the act
by the department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know how it
would operate in that ease any differently from
any other case of an estate in expectancy.
Where tho wife dies seized of course the hus-
band has a tenancy by courtesy, and the cliil-
dx'cn's right attaches at the death of the father.
Mr. BliOOMALL. If the expectancy alone
is sold the Government, of course, will take it
upon the death of the, father. But in the case
where the father and children unite to sell the
whole of the land, there I am told the depart-
ment holds that the land is not taxable, and
there i3 no way ever of getting at the valuation
of it to ascertain the amount, but the Govern-
ment must wait till the death of the father and
then comc upon the land for the tax. It inter-
feres very much with the sale of land situated
in that way.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I do not see that it differs
from any other case of real estate that is held
out of which others are to have estates carved ;
the dower, for example, or remainder over.
Mr. BliOOMALL. Do I understand the
gentleman to mean that the construction which
1 say has been put upon the law is not correct
in his judgment?
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think that would
be a proper construction of the statute.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am of that opinion
myself, and yet it has been so held, as I am
informed at tho department, and my object
was to ascertain whether or not some bettor
definition of the term "succession" could not
be given to avoid this construction.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is tho definition that
is contained in the old law. Itisderived from
the English law, which has a fixed and definite
construction by the decisions in that countnr,
and by analogy it is followed in this country,
so far as I am aware. As I stated before, this
part of the bill is merely a reenaetment of the
present law with some merely verbal modifica-
tions.
Mr. BROOMALL. It is under the present
law that this decision has been made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw it.
The Clerk read the following sections, to
which no amendment was offered :
Sec. 264. And be it further enacted. That where any
real estate shall, at or after the passasro of this act,
be subject to any charge, estate, or interest, determ-
inable by tho doath ot any person, or at any period
ascertainable only by reference to death, tho increase
ot benefit accruing to any person upon the extinction
or determination of such charge, estate, or interest
shall bo deemed to be a succession accruing to tho
person then entitled, beneticiaily, to the real estate
or the income thereof.
Sec. 265. And be it jurther enacted, That whore any
persons, after the passage of this act, shall take any
succession jointly, they shall pay the duty chargeable
thereon by this act m proportion to their respective
interests in the succession; and any beneficial inter-
est in such succession, accruing to any of them by
survivorship, shall be deemed to be a newsucoession,
derived from the predecessor from whom the joint
title shall have been derived.
Sec. 266. And beit further enacted, Thatwhere any
disposition of real estate shall bo accompanied by
the reservation or assurance of or contract for any
benefit to the grantor or any other person for any
term of lifo, or for any period ascertainable only by
reference to death, such disposition shall be doomed
to confer at tho time appointed tor the determination
of s-ueh benefit an increase of beneficial interest m
such real estate, as a succession equal in annual
value to tho yearly amount oryeaily value of tne
benefit so reserved, assured, or contracted tor. on the
person in whose favorsuch disposition shall bo made.
Mr. WELKliR. I move to strike out the
last word of section two hundred and sixty-six
for the purpose of asking the chairman of the
committee a question. I received a letter not
long since from one of the assessors mention-
ing a case like this: a father and son make #n
arrangement by which they jointly sell a farm.
