mm
mm mmm©Lorn
Februar^
r M*..'8GOFiHiJQ.' 3flie gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Axtbll] is correct in saying that
tBe-Department has made an estimate for an
appropriation of $250,000 for this work to be
inserted in the deficiency biil; and his amend-
ment- proposes an expenditure of only fifty per
cent, of that gum. But if I correctly under-
stand; the facts of the ease, this is not so merit-
orious anappropriation as those which have
been voted, in or as Several others estimated
for. but upon which no action has been taken.
Lastyearaa appropriation, I believe, of about
throe hundred thousand dollars was made for
this purpose, and nothing has been done ex-
cept to purchase a site. There may have been
some steps taken toward the construction, but
nothing of arty account.
Mr. AXTBLL. The necessary steps have
been taken to lay the foundation; the stone
work has commenced; contracts are being
made. The necessity, however, remains for
this appropriation.
Mr. 8C0F1ELD. I was not aware that
much of anything had been done. Some con-
tracts have been made and something done to
get the stone upon the ground. One hundred
and fifty thousand dollars of the appropriation
last year, at all events, remains unexpended.
- Mr. Axtell's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HULBURD. I move the following
amendment:
For the construction of the custom-house at Og-
dcnsburg, New York, §12,500.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose if any one of
these is adopted this one ought to be.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 88, noes 19 ; no quorum voting,
Mr. HARDING demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hardixg and
Mr. IIulbgrd were appointed.
The committee were again divided ; and the
tellers reported—ayes 77, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department:
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, $2,500,000.
Mr. BURR. I move to reduce that appro-
priation to $500,000.
Mr. Chairman, we have an aggregate of be-
tween fourteen and fifteen million dollars ap-
propriated to supply deficiencies in the appro-
propriations made last year for the War De-
partment. This appropriation is for the 41 reg-
ular'' supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment. Now, we can fairly assume that the ne-
cessity for these regular supplies was as appa-
rent six months ago as it is to-day ; and it
strikes me as somewhat strange that this great
deficiency of $2,500,000 in one item should be
brought forward at this session after the pro-
tracted and animated debate last session on ex-
penditures by the Government for the Army.
I should like to have some explanation why we
should have been persistently assured that the
amounts in theregular appropriation bills would
be sufficient to meet the necessary expenses
after makiug a great reduction in the expenses
of the War Department. I should like to know
why that was so persistently asserted then, and
the contrary position taken in this appropria-
tion bill in appropriating $2,500,000 in this
item for "regular supplies of the quartermas-
ter's department?" Why is this, alter the
boasted intention to effect retrenchment and a
reduction of expenditures? Unless some satis-
factory reason is given for this I cannot vote
for it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. At the last session the
House undertook to economize as far as possi-
ble, and it out down the estimates of the Depart-
ment, and among others it made a very large
reduction in the estimates for the Army. Gen-
tlemen will recollect that the reduction was
very large, and that members upon the floor
then prophesied that we would come back this
session with a large deficiency bill. I think,
however, that the Army has accommodated
itself in a great Measure to the appropriations
made at the last session, and they would have
brought their expenses within those .appropri-
ations If "it had hot been for the continuation
of the Indian war. That war h'as been expens-
ive, and particularly in the quartermaster's
department. Except for that war" and an in-
crease in the Army, by raising a regiment of
volunteers in Kansas and the large expense in
cavalry, I think the Army would have come near
keeping within the appropriations, although we
had made them extraordinarily low. This is
according to the estimates of the Department.
The Committee on Appropriations have care-
fully examined this matter, first by a sub-com-
mittee and then by the whole committee, and
ijt was deemed to be necessary.
. Mr. BURR. "Was not that Indian war then
pending? Were we not then told that notwith-
standing that war the appropriations then made
would be sufficient ? Yet we have this deficiency
of over fourteen million dollars for the War
Department. Is not that all true ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Indian war continued
much longer than was expected. It lasted
longer than any one anticipated.
Mr. BURR. Was it because it was misman-
aged on our part, or because of the superior
strength of the savage enemy ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was because the enemy
persisted.
Mr. BURR. That was unkind on the part
of the enemy, but nevertheless I withdraw the
amendment to allow the gentleman from Indi-
ana to renew it.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew the amendment.
I understand the gentleman to say that the
reason that this enormous amount, some nine-
teen million dollars in the aggregate, is intro-
duced in this deficiency bill is on account of
the Indian war. Did I understand him cor-
rectly to say that that is the cause of the large
increase ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, sir; you did not.
What I said was, it is one of the causes.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, sir, I assert, and I
challenge contradiction of the fact, that we
have not had six thousand men in the field and
actually engaged with the foe during this Indian
war. If the gentleman will consult the General
of the Army and the other generals in command
of our forces in this war in regard to the mat-
ter I believe he will ascertain that the war has
been a fiction from the beginning. It is not a
war, except in the newspapers and telegrams,
and unworthy of any such appropriation as
this or of any considerable appropriation what-
ever. Sir, when the facts come to be known,
the assertion made on this floor will be remem-
bered by the American people that for the pur-
pose of corering up a pretense of economy, car-
ried out here in a protracted debate during sev-
eral weeks on the appropriation bills, and re-
cently passed by Congress for the Army, we have
here in the deficiency appropriation bill an enor-
mous amount brought in and applied directly
to the Army ; and one of the reasons for bring-
ing it in is the prosecution of an Indian war
which history will prove never existed. There
are not now arrayed against this Government
men enough to make a respectable skirmish.
There are not men enough on the frontier fight-
ing for the Government against the Indians to
make a brigadier's detachment in the late war
against the rebellion.
Now, I ask the gentleman to state the facts
and figures in reply to the assertion 1 make.
It will not answer to present any amount of
falsehoods and call upon the over-taxed people
of the country to sustain the fabric of those
falsehoods by their toil and labor. I charge
home upon the party in control of the Govern-
ment to-daj that this Indian war is a fiction,
and in regard to its achievements very near a
farce. The most distinguished act in this so-
called war is the death of a poor Indian chief
named Black Kettle, an avowed friend of the
whites, an accepted and intimate companion of
our officers in the field. I know this cannot be
contradicted with any show of truth. And when
he was shot it was in his own camp, where he
had been accustomed to extend his hopitalities
to officers of this Government. He was sur-
rounded by his wife and children, brought up
to respect this Government. These Indites
were' not marauders ; they were not bringing
upon the Government any expense whatever.'
They were shot in cold blood ; but they were
represented in the telegrams and newspaper
dispatches as a war party, and now we are
asked to appropriate nearly twenty million dol-
lars to carry on this farce of an Indian war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.SCOFIELD., Thestatement ofthegen-
tleman from New York seems to me too ex-
travagant to convince the judgment of the com-
mittee that this expenditure is not proper. I
would agree that this war, like most Indian
wars, has been excited by bad men and there
was never much cause for it. I would also
agree that like most Indian wars it is carried
on very expensively compared with the result.
But that the money appropriated has been ex-,
travagantly expended by the Arnly or any of
its officers I am not satisfied. I looked over
the report very carefully, and although I did
see that bad men had stirred up the Indians
to commit these depredations and that a great
deal of money had been expended compared
with the number of the enemy, yet it seemed
to be a necessary result.
And I wish to say one thing more. Wh^n
we made the appropriation last year, and made
a very large reduction, and I think my friend
from New York [Mr. Chaxler] was here and
opposed it, I know .there was a very large
number of gentlemen who opposed any reduc-
tion in the appropriation, because they claimed
that it was all needed and that this year we
would come back with a deficiency bill. Well,
we did make the appropriation too small I
suppose, but in our efforts at great economy
we have succeeded in obtaining a good deal of
it, not as much as we hoped, but still we have
reduced the expenditure by making this small
appropriation. If the amount appropriated
had been a larger one it would all have been
expended, and they would have been here with
a demand for a deficiency as large as this is.
The sma'llness of the appropriations acted as
a restraint on all the Departments, although
they are forced now on account of the Indian
war being so long protracted to ask for a pretty
large deficiency.
Mr. CHANLER. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For horses for cavalry and artillery, §1,500,000.
Mr. CHANLER. I move to strike out that
paragraph. According to the statement just
made by the gentleman having charge of this
bill it is for horses for cavalry and artillery
against the Indians. When Braddock attempted
to cross the ford with all his artillery and horses
there was a young officer of the American
militia whoinformed him that thatsort of Indian
warfare would not do, but the bold, blundering
Briton went on, and that was the last of him.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gentle-
man the name of that American soldier.
Mr. CHANLER. His name was George
Washington.
Mr. SPALDING. I would inform the gen;
tleman that he was a lieutenant.
Mr. CHANLER. I paid he was an officer.
As the gentleman from Ohio has corrected me,
I hope he will aid me in correcting the abuses
of this committee, of which I believe he is a
member.
It is exactly in that way that this Committee
on Appropriations are blundering through with
this bill. Now, here is a question in regard
to sending the American Aj-my right into the
Indian country with artillery and horses to be
shot and destroyed. No other ground lor the
huge appropriations iu this bill has been ad-
vanced but that they are to carry on this
extravagant Indian war. Does the gentleman
mean to tell us that this Indian war has been
conducted with artillery and horses, and that
that is a ground for this immense deficiency
in the quartermaster's department? Sii'7 if
the statement of the gentleman having charge
of this bill is true there were more mules thin
horses in that department. If that Was'the
