TEE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
:The money is placed ia ,the hands of the son
■witb.au implied.understanding that he shall
take care of the father as long as he may live
in order to avoid the payment of this expectant
tax. I would inquire of the gentleman whether,
&s the section now stands, a case like that is
provided for so as to reach the tax under those
circumstances ?'
Mr. SCHENCIL It seems to me upon that
fact appearing there ought to be no question at
all. It is an attempt to evade the law, and
nothing else, and it would be the duty of the
Commissioner to take care that the law was not
evaded.
.Mr. WELKER. I withdraw the amend-
ment. - .
The Clerk read the following sections, to
which no amendments were offered-:
Seo. 267. And be it further enacted, That where any
disposition of real estate shall purport to take effect
presently, or under such circumstances as not to con-
fer succession, but, by the effect or in consequence
of any engagement, secret trust, or arrangement
capable of being enforced in a court of law or equity,
the beneficial owporship of such real estate shall not,
lona fide, pass according to the terms of such dispo-
sition, but shall, in fact, be reserved to the grantor
or other person for some period ascertainable only
by reference to death, tho person shall be doomed,
for the purposesof this act, to acquire the real estate
so passing as a succession derived from the person
making the disposition as tho predecessor.
Skc.2G8. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall, by deed of gift or other assuranco of title,
made without valuable and adequate consideration,
and purporting to vest the estate either immediately
or in the future, whether or not accompanied by the
possession, convoy any real estate to any person,
su<'h disposition shall be held and taken to confer
upon the grantee a "succession" within tho meaning
of this act.
Skc. And be it further enacted, That there shall
bo levied and paid to tho United States in respect of
every such succession as aforosaid, according: to the
viiltto thereof, the following taxes, that is to say:
Firnt. WUeio tho successor shall bo the lineal issue
or lineal anocstor, brother or sister, or half-brother
or half-sister of tho predecessor, a tax at the rato of
one dollar for each &1UU of such value.
Second. Where the successor Miall bo a descendant
of a brother or sister, or of a half-brother or half-
sister of tho predecessor* a tax at the rate of two dol-
lars fur each 100 of such value.
Third. Where tho successor shall be a brother or
sister of the father or mother, or'a descendant of a
brother orsister or of a half-brother or half-sister of
tho father or mother of tho predeeesMji, a tax at tho
rate of four dollars for each $100 of such value.
Fourth. Where tho successor shall bo a brother or
siatcr, or hnlf-brothor or half-sister of the grand-
father or Krandiuothor, oradoftCcudunt of thobiolhcr
or sister of tho grandfather or grandmother of tho
ph'docessor, a tux at tho rate of 11 vo dollars for each
#100 oi'tnu'h value.
FU'lh. Whero the successor shall be in any other
degree of collateral consanguinity to tho predecessor
than is hereinbefore described, or shall be a stranger
in blood to him,or shall bo a body politic or corpor-
ate, including municipal corporations or States, at#x
at tho rato of six dollars for each §100 of such value:
J'roui<(<d> 'l'hat no tax shall be levied in respect of
any succession vesting before or subsequent to the
j>asx;isu  f this act, where tho sucecssor shall bo the
wilo or tho husband ot'the predecessor.
1270. And be it further cnttcled, That where real
estate shall become subject to a t rust for any chari-
table or public purpose, under any past or futuredis-
IHisuJjon, which, if made in favor of an individual,
would confer on him asuecession, theroshall be puy-
ablo in respect of such real estate, upon its becoming
subject to such trust, a tax at tho rato of six percent,
upon the amount or principal value of such real
estate.
^ vSko. 271. And be it further enacted, That whero the
interest of any successor in any real estate shall,
belqre he shall have become entitled thereto in pos-
sesion, have passed by reason of death to any other
successor or successors, then one tax shall bo paid in
ruspeet of such interest, and shall be due from the
sueeesnoi who shall first become entitled thereto in
possession; but such tax shall be at the highest rate
which, if ovoiy such successor had been subject to
tax, would have boon payable by iuiv one of them.
Sec. 272. And be it further enacted, That wherever
any succession shall, before the successor shall have
become entitled thereto in possession, have become
vested by alienation, or by any title not conferring
a new succession, in any other person, then the tax
payable id respect thereof j-hall be paid at the same
rate and time as the same would have boon payable
it no such alienation had been made or derivative
tie created; and where the title to any succession
MiaU be accelerated by the surrender or extinction
ot any prior interest*?, then the tax thereon shall be
payable at the time of such surrender or extinction
ot prior title.
_ Kec. 2(3. And he it further enacted. That the tax
. f Is ac^ ka assessed in the collec-
i1?!-, w|lero the estate is situated, and shall
p aii at the time when the successor, or any peison
m his right or on his behalf, shall- become entitled
in possesion to his succession, or to the receipt of
t. ie income and profits thereof,or;>vheresuch profits
are ui any manner placed to the credit of or applied
to tae use or benefit of such successor, wccopt.thatif
there shall be any prior charge* estate, or interest
not created by the successor himself upon or in the
succession, by reason whereof the successor shall not
bo presently entitled to the full enjoyment or value
thereof, the tax, in respect of the increased value
accruing upon the determination of such charge,
estate, or interest, shall, if not previously paid, com-
pounded for, or commuted, be paid at the time of
such determination.
Sec. 274. And be it further enacted. That the inter-
est of any successor in money3 to arise from the sale
of real estate under any trust for the sale thereof
shall be deemed to be a succession chargeable with
taxunder this act, and the said tax shall be paid by
-the trustee, executor, or other person having control
of the funds. And every such person having in charge
or . trust any disposition of real estate or interest
therein subject to tax under this aetshall give notice
thereof in writing to the assessor or assistant asses-
sor of the district where the estate is situated within
thirty days from the time when he shall have taken
charge of such trust, and prior to any distribution
of said real estate, together with a description and
value thereof, and tho names of tho persons inter-
ested therein; and for willful neglect or refusal so to
do, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less than
fifty dollars nor more than $500, with costs.
Sec. 275. And be it further enacted. That the inter-
est of any successor in personal property, subject to
any trust for the investment thereof in the purchase
of real ostato to which the successor would be abso-
lutely entitled, shall be chargcable with tax under
this act as a succession, and the tax shall be payable
by the trustee, executor, or otherperson having con-
trol of the funds.
Sec. 27G. And be it further enacted, That, in esti-
mating the value of a succession, no allowance shall
be made in respect of any contingent incumbrance
thereon; but in the event of such incumbrance taking
effect as an actual burden on the interest of the suc-
cessor, ho shall be entitled to a return of an amount
of tho tax so paid by him proportionate to the
amount or value of the incumbrance when taking
effect.
Sue. 277. And be it further enacted. That, in esti-
mating the value of a succession, no allowance shall
bo made in respect of any contingency upon the hap-
pening of which tho real estate may pass to some
other person ; but, in the event of the same so pass-
ing, the successor shall be entitled to a return of so
much of tho tax paid by him as willreducethesame
to the amount which would havo been payable by
him if such tax had beon assessed in respeetof the
actual duration or extent of his interest. But if tho
estate of the successor shall be defeated, in whole or
in part, by its application to tho payment of tho debts
of tho predecessor, the executor, administrator, or
trustoe so applying it shall pay out of the proceeds
of the sale theieof tho amount so refunded; and if
the estate of the successor shall be defeated, in whole
or in part, by any person claiming title from and
under tho predecessor, such person shall be charge-
able with tho amount of tax so refunded, and such
amounts shall be collected in the manner heroin pro-
vided for the collection of taxos.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Skc. 278. And he it further enacted, That whore a
successor shall not have obtained the whole of his
succession at tho time of the tax becoming payable
he shall bo ohargoablo only with tax on the value
thereof from time to time obtained by him; and
whenever any tax shall have been paid on account
ofnnj succession, and it shall afterward bo proved,
to tho satisfaction of tho Secretary of the Treasury,
that -ueh tax, not being due from the person paying
tho same, was paid by mistake, or was paid in re-
spect of real estate, which the successor shall have
beon unabSo to recover, or from which ho Khali have
beon evicted or debarred by any superior title, or
thai, for any other reason it ought to be refunded,
the Secretary oftheTroasury shall thereupon refund
the same to tho person entitled thereto, by warrant.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend tliat
section by striking out the words " Secretary
of the Treasury" whero they occur and in-
serting " Commissioner oflnternalllevenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
lie following sections, to which 110 ainend-
m;nta were offered, weie then read:
Sec. 279. Andbe it further enacted, That where, in
the opinion of tho Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue, any succession shall be of such a nature, or so
disposed or circumstanced, that tho value thereof
shall not be fairly ascertainable under any of the
preceding directions, or where, from tho complica-
tion ot circumstances affecting the value of a suc-
cession, or affecting the assessment orrecovery of the
tax thereon, tho Commissioner may compound the
tax payable on the succession upon such terms as ho
shall think fit, anil give discharges to the successor,
upon payment of tax according to such composition;
and it shall bo lawful for him, in any special cases in
winch he may think it expedient so to do, to enlarge
the time for payment of any such tax.
Sec. 280. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner may, in his discretion, upon application
made by any person who shall be entitled to a suc-
cession in expectancy, commute the tax presump-
tively payable in respectol such succession ibr & cer-
tain sum to be presently paid; and for assessing the
amount which shall bo so payable he shall cause a
present viilao to by set upon such presumptive tax,
regard being had to I be contingencies affecting the
liability to such tax, and upon the receiptof such"cer-
tain sum he shall give discharges to the successor
accordingly.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 281. And be it further enacted. That tho tax
imposed by this act shall be a first charge on the in-
terest of the successor, and of all persons claiming
in his right, in all the real estate in respeot whereof
such tax shall be assessed for five years from tho
time when such tax shall have bocome duo and pay-
able, unless sooner paid.
Mr. HOTjMAN. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out "five" and inserting
"three so as to read "for three years from
the time when such tax shall have become
due and payable, unless sooner paid." I do
not think the time ought to be so long even
as three years. There are no public records
which are subject to examination from which
the nature and extent of this lien can be
ascertained. It is not like the records of a
county to which the citizen can go to ascertain
the condition of the property he is about to
purchase. Three or four years .is a long period
Tor this charge to remain upon property. There
is a very great prospect of a citizen purchasing
such property and unwittingly becoming liable
for the payment of the tax, and it would thus
operate in the nature of a fraud upon him. It
seems to me that the period ought to be much
shorter; that it ought not to extend to five
years or three years, or even two years. It is
the duty of the Government to enforce the col-
lection of taxes promptly and thus protect
innocent purchasers of property. Ordinarily
a citizen would have no means of ascertaining
the nature and extent of this lien. The col-
lector of revenue is not one of the officers to
whom a citizen would think of going to ascer-
tain what liens there are upon property which
he is about to purchase. It seems to me
that it is an unreasonable period to give the
Government in which to enforce a lieu of
this character. I will modify my amendment
so as to make the period two years instead of
three.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this were an original
question the remarks of my friend from Indiana
would have much more force than they now
have. This is merely a rescript from the pres-
ent law, which has fixed the duration of this
lien for five years. There has been 110 com-
plaint that I am aware of growing out of it,
and it is of great importance in all these mat-
ters that the law should be fixed and its dura-
tion known and understood by the community,
which cannot be the case if it is changed from
time to time, as is proposed in this case. I
think it would be better, therefore, to let the
law remain as it is. It has wrought no injury
to any parties and occasioned 110 complaint
that I am aware of.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will allow
me to observe that this is not a change that
affects the permanency of the law. This is not
a provision that ordinarily affects the citizen at
all. It is a mere provision in behalf of the
Government. The reason why this question
has not sprung up here before is to be found
in the fact that there is no provision of the in-
ternal revenue law which has been so slightly
enforced as this one in reference to succession.
Not half the tax that accrues to the Govern-
ment under the law as it now stands has ever
been enforced or collected. I see that the
House is ver_y slim, and I presume the inten-
tion is to finish this bill to-night; and having
made these suggestions I will now withdraw
my amendment rather than break up the com-
mittee.
The following sections, to which no amend-
ments were offered, were then read :
Sec. 282. And be it fuither enacted. That the Com-
missioner shall, at the request of any sue lessor or
any person claitning in his right, cause to be made
as many separate assessments of the tax payable in
respect of the interest of tlie successor in any senar-
ate tracts of real estate, or in defined portions of tho
same tract", as shall be reasonably required: and in
such cases the respective tracts shall be ebargcablo
only with the amount of tax separately assessed in
respect thereof.
.-83. And he it further enacted. That a,ny por-
'• Pay a tax in respect to any succession
snail give notice to the assessor or assistant assessor
ot bis liability to such tax within thirty days from
the time when lie shall become entitled in possession
to such succession or to the receipt of the income and
profits thereof, and shall at the same time deliver to
