850
THE CONGREBSIOME GLOBE.
February 4,
of. race, color, or previous condition f which
was ordered to lie on the table. - ,
- -He.also presented a petition of'citizens of
Ghia, praying such an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States as will fully
acknowledge the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
..on the Judiciary...
He also laid before-the, Senate a memorial
of the Legislature 8f Oregon, in favor of aid
. in the construction of a railroad from Salt Lake
to the.Columbia river,' and fo'r a htilroad from
the Big Bend cif the Humboldt river'in the
" State of Nevada, to the Klamath Lake; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions adopted by the
National Union Republican .Association of
Georgia, approving the .action o£ the national
U,nion Republican party;' against the repudia-
tion of the national indebtedness ; approving
the adoption of the fourteenth article to the
Constitution of the United States; approving
the policy of Governor Bullock; and in reia-
_ tion to the expulsion of the colored members
from the Legislature of that State ; indorsing
' the platform" of the national Republican party
adopted at Chicago; and that Hon. Joshua
.Hill and Hon. H. V. M. Miller may not be
admitted to seats in the Senate 4s Senators
from that Stats; which were referred to the
' Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
citizens of the United States, praying that the
right of suffrage be granted to women in the
District of Columbia and the Territories; which
were ordered to lip on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Leonard Pierce, jr., late United States consul
at Matamoras, Mexico, praying to be remu-
nerated for money expended for t.ho benefit of
citizens of the United States and officers arid
soldiers of the Army refugees from tho State
of Texas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
Peyton Johnson, sen., of Richmond, Henrico
county, Virginia, praying a removal of the
political disabilities imposed on liim by acts
of Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
lie also presented tho petition of Christian
Sharps, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing an extension of his patent for a breech-
loading rifle ; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. COLE presented a letter from II. II.
Haight, Governor of California, communicat-
ing resolutions adopted by the Board of Re-
gents of the State University, respecting the
locution of tho lands granted by Congress to
that State for an agricultural and mechanic
arts college; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wilmington, North Carolina, asking
an appropriation for the deepening of tho
channel on the bar at the mouth of the Capo
Fear rivsr; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Ho also presented a petition of the Cape
Fear Agricultural Association of North Caro-
lina, praying an appropriation for deepening
the channel at the mouth of the Cape Fear
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of an ap-
propriation for the construction of a court-
house and post office at Topeka, and a cus-
tom-house and post office at Leavenworth, in
that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
lie also ^presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route_ from Topeka to Museota, in
that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post.Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
late of Kansas, in favor of tfre establishment
of a mail route from Vienna to Bytcbinson's,
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial Of
the Western Union Telegraph Company, pray-
ing for the remission of duties on submarine
telegraph cable purchased for the Behridg
sea;, which- was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan. I ask
that they be read, printed, and laid on the
table.-
" - The Chief Clerk read the resolutions, as
follows:
Joint resolution asking the Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress from Michigan to secure the
passage of,the river and harbor appropriation bill
now pending in the United States Senate.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the State of Michigan, That our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress be, and arc hereby, requested
to use their best endeavors to secure the passage of
the House bill approprinting money for tho improve-
ment of the harbors within tho State of Michigan
now pending before the United States Senate.
Resolved, That his Excolloney the Governor bo
requested to transmit copies of the foregoing to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
MORGAN BATES.
President of the S'nate.
J. J. WOODMAN.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Approved:
Executive Office, Lassing.
January 30, 1869.
HENRY J. BALDWIN.
The resolutions were ordered to lie ou the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CORBETT presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Oregon, in favor of the erection
of a light-house at Yaquina bay, in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, in favor of aid for tho con-
struction of a railroad from Salt Lake to the
Columbia river, Portland, and Puget sound,
and for a railroad from the Big Bend of the
Iiumboldt river, in the State of Nevada, to the
Klamath Lake ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of the navigation of the
Willamette river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of V.
J. Tobias, of Charleston, South Carolina, pray-
ing tho removal of political disabilities im-
posed on him by acts of Congress ; which was
referred to the Committee on the judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of the Winchester council of the
Union League of America, held in that city
February 1, 1809, protesting ngainst the re-
moval of the political disabilities imposed on
Judge Richard Parker; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. T also present the petition
of Cyrus Hansen, of New York, in which, in
behalf of himself and of a company formed in
the United States for the purpose of opening a
ship-canal across the Isthmus of Holstein, mak-
ing a communication between the North sea
and the Baltic, he sets forth that the enterprise
was commenced under the auspices of the Dan-
ish Government; that he, a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, has made a large outlay with refer-
ence to that work; that when by the fortune
of war this territory passed from Denmark to
Prussia Prussia became liable for all that was
due from Denmark to him ; and he now asks
the intercession of the United States Govern-
ment, under which he resides, for its interven-
tion with the Prussian Government in order to
secure his indemnity, wjiich he sets forth at
§300,000. lie also further. protests against
any payment by the United States to the Dan-
ish Government in consideration of any'sup-
posed purchase recently made without deduct-
ing from that payment the sum due to him. I
move the reference of this petition and the
accompanying •• papers to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER'presented the petition of
Joseph Anderson, praying compensation for
lumbeT taken for the use of the Government
in the year 1862; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
as!; the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 786.
It is a short bill, and it is very necessary that
it should pass the Senate now in order to be
.acted upon by the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing business has not been gone through with,
audit requires unanimous consent to entertain
the motion' at 4his time. • ■
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a report to make.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. If
the bill is taken up I will then give way.
ThePRESIDENTjpro iewpore. Reportsare
in order.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was-referred
the bill (H. R. No. 860) for the relief of
Luther McNeal, late postmaster at Lancaster,
Erie county, New York, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
836) for the reliefof CelestiaP. Hartt, reported
it with an amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whotn was referred the bill (S. No. 614) to
jiay loyal citizens in the States lately in rebel-
lion for services iu taking the United States
census of 1860, reported it without amend
ment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on.Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Lieutenant Commander J. N. Quakenbush,
United States Navy, praying to be restored to
the active list, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Blanton Duncan, prayingthe restoration of his
property, seized and condemned under the act
of July 17, 186'2, asked to be discharged from
its-further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; which was
agreed to.-
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No.-785) concerning divorces in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Thomas B. Wales & Co., of Boston, Massachu-
setts. praying that the register of the ship Agra
may be restored, reported a bill (8. No. 882)
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue an American register or enrollment and
license to the ship Agra, of Boston; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 883) to
provide better security for the engraving and
printing of the securities of the United States,
and for other purposes ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to 'whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 871) to authorize the transfer of
lands granted to the Union Pacific Railway
Company, eastern division; to the Denver
Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company; and
to expedite the completion of railroads to
Denver, in the 1 erritory ot Colorado, reported
it without amendment.
M'"- RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (£1. It. No. 1804) to establish a bridge
across the - East river, between the cities of
Brooklyn and New York, in the State of New
York, a post road, asked to be discharged from
