1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee 3n Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. '2<5i) for the relief of Henry 0.
Noyes, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed,
sale of steamer atlantic.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 372) directing the sale
of the steamer Atlantic, have directed me to
report it back with an amendment; and as the
amendment is of no great consequence I ask
that the joint resolution be considered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the joint resolution
at this time. It will be read by its title.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the joint
resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the amend-
ment be read, so that the* Senate may know
what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the joint resolution? None being made, it is
before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, and the joint resolution and the amend-
ment will be read.
The resolution was read. The preamble to
the resolution recites that on the 6th of Feb-
ruary, 1849, an agreement in the nature of a
chattel mortgage was entered into between the
Secretary of the Navy of the United States and
the assignees of the Collins contract, by which,
after reciting the acts of March 3, 1847. and
August 3, 1848, and that the assignees of the
contract had launched two vessels (the At-
lantic and Pacific, still unfinished) and had
applied for advances under the act and were
willing and desirous to secure the repayment
or refunding of the same from the annual com-
pensation of the ships by a lien on the ships,
it was witnessed that the assignees bargained,
sold, and conveyed the two vessels to Prosper
M. Wetmore upon trust; that the assignees
should retain possession of the vessels and
employ them in execution of the contract, and
if after the expiration of one year from the
commencement of the performance of the ser-
vice under the contract the assignees should
have failed to repay in money or to refund out
of one year's compensation such outstanding
balance due and unpaid or unrefundedof such
advances as the Secretary of the N"avy might
have made prior to the end of one year from
the commencement of the performance of the
service, then Wetmore was, after advertising
for six months the time and place of sale, to
sell the steamships at public auction, and out
of the proceeds pay the expenses of the trust,
the balances of advances due the United States,
and the surplus to the assignees; that the deed
of mortgage is still binding on the Atlantic,
one of the steamships; that a largo amount
is still due on the mortgage forexpenses in-
curred in executing the trust, which amount it
is claimed the Government is liable for"; and
that the sale of the steamship Atlantic has
been duly advertised according to the terms
of the mortgage but never sold. The Secre-
tary of the Navy is therefore directed to cause
the trustee named in the deed of mortgage to
sell without delay, in accordance with the terms
of the mortgage, the steamship Atlantic, now
lying in the port of New York, and to finally
close up the trust and report fully to Congress.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out all of the resolution after the fourth
line iu the following words:
Soil, without further delay, in accordance with the
terms of the said mortgage, the said steamship Atlan-
tic, now tying in the porcof New York,and to finally
close up the said trust and report fully to Congress.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
Proceed at once, in such modeas the law and deed
of mortgage may authorize, to enforce the lien upon
said steamship Atlantic, with a view to the imme-
diate payment of the expenses of tho trust and any
other balances that may bo duo and owing upon tho
said mortgage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered
to be engrossed, and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. The resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DRAKE. In view of the amendment
which has been made upon the report of the
Naval Committee, I suggest to the gentleman
who reported it that the tide should be amended
probably.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
title so that it will read, "A joint resolution
directing the enforcement of the lien upon the
steamer Atlantic."
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating a copy of the report of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel M. N. Sheridan upon the
extremely destitute condition of the Osage In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before tho Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating copies
of reports upon Indian affairs in the military
division of the Missouri; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the 1 nterior, communicati ng papers
in relation to supplies furnished by J. D. C.
Blackburn to Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache
Indians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
message erom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 1601) to provide station-
ery for Congress and the several Departments,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. It. No. 1858) making appropria-
tions in part for the expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions; and
A hill (H. R. No. 1801) to establish a cer-
tain post road in the State of Connecticut.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate to tiie joint resolution (H.
R. No. 404) providing for the disposition of
certain papers relating to military claims ac-
cruing in the department of the West, and had
agreed to the same with an amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 884) to provide for the conversion of regis-
tered bonds of the United States into coupon
bonds; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 885) to incorporate the Junction
Railroad Company of Washington ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 886) granting the alternate odd-numbered
sections of public land along the line of the
New Orleans and Selma railroad ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No.
887) to provide for an American line of mail
and emigrant passenger steamships between
certain Atlantic ports of the United States tod
one or more European ports ; which was reafi
twice by its title, referred to the Committee-on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered-to
be printed. , ••'
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce, a bill (S.
No. 888) granting lands to the Santa Barbara
branch of the southern Pacific railroad of
California; which was read twice by its .title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 216)^ for the relief of
Frederick Alexander; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 217) for printing the med-
ical and surgical history of the rebellion; which
was read twice by its title, und referred to the
.Committ.ce on Printing. ,
Mr. WARNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 890) to renew certain grants of land to the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
land office report.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies bo printed for
the uso of tho Senate, and two thousand copies for
distribution by the General Land Offico, of the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Offico for tho year 1868, with the accompanying
maps and illustrations.
central branch pacific railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. If the morning business
is through with I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has submitted a
motion to take up a bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that tho
Senator from New Hampshire is entitled to the
floor. The motion I wanted to make was this,
and it is a sort of privileged motion: the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Conness] moved a
reconsideration of the vote by which the Senate
refused to order the bill relatingto the Central
Branch Union Pacific railroad to its passage.
1 desire to have that motion taken up in order,
if it should be carried, that the Senator from
Oregon may introduce an amendment to be
printed, not to be acted upon to-day. That is
the motion which 1 make, that the Senate
proceed to consider the motion to reconsider
which was entered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia a few days since relating to that bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
call for the reading of my bill. I believe it is
before the Senate. If I give way for that mat-'
ter of course it wfll lead to discussion and put
this bill aside.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
the Senator from New Hampshire has any bill
before the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
so understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was not
taken up because the morning business was not
through with, and the Senate did not consent
to its being taken up at the time, and therefore
no preference can be claimed under the rules
for it. . ,
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make this
motion in order that tho Senator from Oregon
may introduce an amendment, but I ask no
action on the bill to-day.
Mr. CON KLIN G. 11 that is really the grou nd
of the motion I suggest that no such necessity
exists. If the Senator from Oregon desires ts
have an amendment printed for information, in
order that it may be offered in the future for
action, certainly there will be no objection to
that; and it would be a very inadequate reason
