THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
.f&Jfjroceeding tioW to consider the motion to
-reinstate tbis bill, which will lead to debate if
:it is to occur. I submit to the Senator that he
Uftd better allow the Senator from Oregon to
offer his amendment and have it printed, if that
be really his purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. The point is this: when
a bill comes up for consideration, and a Sen-
ator moves ati amendment which is a material
amendment, any Senator can ask to have the
bill laid asixfe in order that that amendment
brprinted,«and it goes over then for a day or
two.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let it be printed now.
Mr. POMEROY. As the session is draw-
ings© a close, I thought that if we called the
bill up, if #e concluded to reconsider it, and
had the amendment printed, it would then be
in order to act upon the measure at any time
without giving any -farther notice.
" Mr. OONKLING. But my suggestion to
the honorable Senator is that the Senator from
Oregon can have his amendment printed as
well and as-speedily "without now taking up
this motion as if it were taken up. That, I
think, must,be obvious to every Senator. Let
the amendment be ptinted forthwith, and then
it will be on our t&bles.
Mr. POMEROY. There will be no use in
printing the amendment unless the Senate con-
clude to reconsider the bill.
Mr. OONKLING. It will be no loss.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion is to procced
to the consideration of the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. That is the
question, to procced to the consideration of
the motion to reconsider the vote rejecting the
bill (S. No. 206) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. POMEROY. The question is on pro-
ceeding to consider the motion of the Senator
from California, to reconsider the vote on that
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is not here, and he may withdraw the
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia was here a moment ago, and has .just
stepped out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I call forthe
yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the question on talcing
up the motion to reoonsider, or on reconsider-
ing the vote upon the bill ?
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the motion
to be to proceed to the consideration of the
motion made by the Senator from California.
He entered a motion to reconsider a few days
ago, and it is in order now to proceed to the
consideration of that motion.
The PRESIDENT jproiempore. That is the
question.
Mr. CONKLING. The question is whether
we shall take np thntmotion, whether we shall
proceed to consider that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question, whether the Senate will proceed to
consider the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, upon which ques-
tion the yeas and nays are demanded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
that call for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
is withdrawn.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
now move to take up Senate bill No. 786. I
supposed I had it up once, because when the
President asked if there were any objections
there were none, but I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
Mr. DRAKE. The motion to reconsider
is still before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The motion of .the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will be in order
when this motion is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wishes the Senate to understand that the rules
require the Chair in the morning hour to call
first for petitions, then for reports-of commit-
tees, then for the introduction of bills and res-
olutions ; and nothing is in order till those
calls are gone through with in the order men-
tioned ; and when one Senator, before those
calls "are concluded, moves to take up a bill
for consideration, and half a dozen are on the
floof with morning hour business, the Chair
considers that they object to taking up the" bill
named. Gentlemen seem reluctant to make
a direct objection, but still press their business ;
and the Chair must consider that where a Sen-
ator comes forward with morning hour busi-
ness he does object to going on with any other
business. The Chair must consider it so in
this case.
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. Am
I in order now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to take up Senate bill No. 786.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point of order
that that motion cannot be entertained while
another motion is pending. If it was a motion
that took precedence of this, then it might be
entertained; but it cannot be, as it does nqt
take any precedence.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire is not
now in order. The question is on the motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill No. 256 was rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conness, Cragm, Doolittle. Drake,
Ferry. Fowler, Harlan, Hendricks, Howard, MoDon-
jild, Norton. Nyo, Pomoroy, Ramsey. Rice, "Ross,
Saulsbury, Sumner, Thayer, Tiliton, Van Winkle,
Welch, Willoy, and Williams—2-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Con kling, Davis, Dixon, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Howe,
Kollogg, McCreery, Movpran, Morrill of Vermont,
Pat torbon of New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee,
Robortson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull,
Viokers, Warner, and Whyte—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Cole, Corbett,
Henderson, Morrill of Maine, Morton, 0.-born, Pool,
Speneer, Sprague, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—14.
So the motion was not agreed to.
paying op pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
now move to take up Senate bill No. 786.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the title of it
read.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (S. No. 786) to
provide for the paving of Pennsylvania ave-
nue."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senate will not
take up that bill, although Pennsylvania ave-
nue needs paving unquestionably. I wish to
have the Senate take up the House bill provid-
ing for the repeal of the act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices, with a view to
consider the bill and the amendments proposed,
that we may come to some definite action upon
them. I do not mean to say that I have any
opposition to this bill of the Senator from New
Hampshire ; but I think this matter of general
public importance, about which some people
who hold office and some who do not, and some
Senators, are very uneasy, ought to be consid-
ered. I hope, therefore, the Senate will not
take up the District of Columbia bill, but will
permit me to have taken up the bill I have
named.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope the Senate will take up this bill, No. 786,
for the paving of Pennsylvania avenue. We
have got about ten minutes left of the morning
hour, just about time enough to pass this bill.
The bill that the Senator has in charge will
probably be discussed two or three days and
shut out other business. Besides, if this bill
is not passed the officeholders who are to be
fixed in their place by his bill will be likely
to break their necka in the passage up the
avenue. So I want the bill to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking np-the bill for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 24, noes 12; and the bill (S.
No. 786) to provide for the pavement of Penn-
sylvania avenue, was'read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
. The bill appoints Edward Clark, architect of
the Capitol extension ; A. B. Mullett,, super-
vising architect of the Treasury extension ;
Sayles J. Bowen, mayor of Washington city;
and Brevet Brigadier General N. Michl6r, en-
gineer in chargeof public buildings and grounds,
or their successors in office, a commission to
select and determine the best kind of pavement
to be used in pavifig Pennsylvania avenue,
and to have that thoroughfare jjaved there-
with from the northwest gate of the Capitol
grounds to the crossing of Fifteenth street'west.
Within ten days after th'e passage of the act
the commissioners named ' are to meet and
organize by the election of a president and sec-
retary from among their number, and to pro-
ceed toperform the duties devolved upo.n them;
and within thirty, days after they shall have
determined upon the pavement to be used they
are to contract for the paving of the avenue
between the points named on the lowest and
most favorable terms possible, requiring the
paving to be done in the best and most sub-
stantial manner and without unnecessary delay;
and .a good and sufficient bond is to be exe-
cuted, with sureties, to be approved by the
chief justice of the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, guarantying that the terms of
such contract shall be strictly and faithfully
observed.
The Cost of laying down the pavement is to
be borne and paid for in the following propor-
tions and manner: by the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company for that por-
tion of the work lying between the tracks of
their road, and for a distance of two feet on
each side thereof; by the owners of private
property lying and abutting on Pennsylvania
avenue, and in proportion to their frontage
thereon, for that portion of work in front of
their lots or parts of lots from the curb line of
the avenue twenty-two feet outward; by the
corporation of Washington for theintersections
of all numeral streets, including the sidewalks
to the building line, except such portions of
the intersections lying between the tracks of
the Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany and two feet on each side thereof, which
will be paid by the company. The residue of
the pavement lying between the part paid for
by private owners and that paid for by the rail-
road company to be paid for by the United
States Government. Wherepubliereservations
front or bound on said Pennsylvania avenue,
or where avenues or lettered streets intersect
it, the reservations and intersections are to be
paid for by the Government ofthe United States,
but the cost of laying the pavement shall not
exceed the sum of four dollars per square yard.
The assessments thus contemplated are to be
made by the commission, and the sums so found
due are to be collected and held as a special
fund by the collectorof Washington, in accord-
ance with existing laws; and the moneys so
collected and held are to be paid by him to the
contractors for the work on the warrant or
order of the commission in such amounts and
at such times as they may deem safe and proper
in view of the progress of the work.
If the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, or any private citizen, or other cor-
poration or person, shall neglect or refuse to
pay the amount assessed for the paving thus
authorized (within thirty days after the notifi-
cation of such assessment shall have been left
at the property assessed) in front of or adjoin-
ing their property, when the work so fronting
or adjoining their property shall have been
completed to the satisfaction of the commis-
sion and assessed by them the commission are
to issue certificates of indebtedness against the
property, which certificates shall bear interest
at the rate of ten per cent, per annum until
paid, and which, until they are paid, shall
