im
Tg£ CONGRESSIONAL GL
February^
may be right; it may be all w,tong. I hope
tie gentleman will withdraw it, and bring it
before the Committee on Appropriations. If
he insists on pressing it here I hope it will be
voted down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I move to amend
by inserting the following:
For printing and binding three thousand copies of
the laws of the Territory of Utah, as estimated by
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, $4,005 12.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Chairman, the De-
partment has sent us no estimate for this as a
deficiency. I make the same remark about
this that I did about the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kansas. If it has merit
the gentleman can go before the Committee on
Appropriations, have a hearing, and let it be
offered as an amendment to the miscellaneous
appropriation bill. An amendment of this
kind should not be sprung upon us in Com-
mittee of the "Whole when it has received no
examination by a committee and when we
cannot know whether it is right or wrong.
The amendment of Mr. Hooper, of Utah, was
rejected.
Mr. JUDD. I move to insert the following:
For continuing the work on the marine hospital at
Chicago, 625,000.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say that the esti-
mate of the Department for continuing this
work is $50,000. I have made the appropria-
tion in my amendment one half of that be-
cause the Committee on Appropriations told
me that had been their rule in reference to other
appropriations. This work is in progress, and
unless this appropriation is made it will stand
still and deteriorate, as a matter of course.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is one of those ap-
propriations which the committee have been
adopting this morning and adopted last night.
The gentleman says that the estimate of the
Departments $50,000, and heasks for $25,000.
I suppose it has as much merit as the others.
I am opposed to them all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOVER. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to page 5.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. STOVER. Then 1 offer the following
amendment here:
For supplying deficiency in the compensation of
the register and receiver in the land office at Boise
Citv, Idaho Territory, for office rent and purchase
of furniture, $6,324.
Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to take up the
time of the Committee of the Whole with any
lengthy discussion; and I will, therefore, con-
tent myself with saying that this is a small
estimate, and the appropriation is actually ne-
cessary. The question has been before the
Committee on the Public Lands and has met
with their hearty approbation. I ask the Clerk
to read a letter from the Commissioner of Public
Lands.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office. February 2<i, 1869.
Sir: The want of means for surveys in this Territory
has made the field for settlement and entry compar-
atively small, and thus the officers have not been
enabled to realize the amount it was anticipated
they would receive.
The expenses of the offices have been reported to
us as being quite heavy, and if any relief can be
afforded them by congressional legislation I would
recommend such action.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
JOS. S. -WILSON,
Commissioner.
Hon. E. D. Holbrgok.
Mr. STOVER. These officers are receiving
but small salaries. They cannot get one room
in Bois6 City, I understand, for less than $250 a
month in gold, and that without furniture.
Mr. SCOFIELD- I wish to make the same
remark about this that I did in reference to the
amendments of the gentleman from Utah and
the gentleman from Kansas, and that is these
matters ought to be taken before the Commit-
tee <?n Appropriations. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I wish to say
that so fer as the amendment I offered, in the
first place, is concerned it was taken before the
Committee on Appropriations. I was told that
the deficiency bill had been reported and was
then in the Committee of the Who]e. I was
told by the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr. Wash-
burke,] chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, that if I would hand the amendment
to him in the House he would offer it. He
evidently assented to it. He is absent now on
account of illness, and I am told by the aeting
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that I must go back to that committee.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the amend-
ment.
. The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Allow me to
finish my remarks.
Mr. SPALDIN G. I object to irrelevant dis-
cussion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Appro-
priations will hear all these applications, and
when they are satisfied they are right they will
come here and move them as amendments in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 24,
noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLBROOK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Stover, and
Mr. Washburn of Wisconsin were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
For amount required to pay James S. Emery and
Thomas P. Fenlon for legal services rendered by them
in 1865-66 m defending suits instituted against the
United States in the State of Kansas respecting the
rights and property of Indians, $2,800: Provided, That
the said amountshall be found to be justly due after
examination by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I make the point of order
that is not in accordance with any law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For a sufficient amount to pay the regular salary
of the present ministerresideiTt nt Portugal, and the
exchange thereon, from the 1st day of July, 1866, so
long as he shall hold his said office.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
striking out the words "he shall hold his said
office" and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" the same was withheld from him."
I believe I am the only living member of the
Committee on Appropriations that some three
or four years ago were instrumental in stopping
the salary of the minister at Portugal. Very
many members on this floor will recollect the
circumstances. We then differed with the Sen-
ate, and I was one of a committee of con-
ference that insisted upon withholding the salary
of the then and now minister at Portugal on
account of what we conceived to be an act of
injustice done by him to the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. This is not germane.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the gentleman
will not interrupt me. I am appealing to the
justice of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I simply do not wish to
lose the question of order that I have made.
I do not wish to interrupt the gentleman's
speech.
Mr. SPALDING. Do it when I get through.
I persisted, together with the late lamented
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
Mr. Stevens, and one or two others, in with-
holding this salary, and it was withheld for
about two years. It was then restored, and
the two last annual appropriation bills have
contained appropriations for the salary of this
minister, hut he has never received pay for the
two years during which his pay was suspended.
Now, before I leave Congress I wish to ac-
knowledge that I erred as a statesman in doing
this. I wish now to do a simple act of justice
to a fellow-citizen, and I hope this House will
concur with the Committee on Appropriations
is repairing, even a# this late hour, tibg iatop
to this man. I think we ought not to have dona
it, and I hope now that we will restore ihe
lapsed salary in this deficiency bill. I hope,no
gentleman will object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made the question of
order as to whether this proposition is geimase
to the bill. . ■,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did jiot un-
derstand the gentleman to make that point.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly that is the
point I made, and I rose while the gentleman
was speaking in order that I might not lose the
benefit of itby apparently submitting to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order on the ground that this is a
deficiency due, if at all, under a law in opera-
tion at the time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will now say. a word
in opposition to the amendment. As .I under-
stand the facts in the case this is the same
officer whose payment we have repeatedly
denied, and by every expression ©f the legis-
lative will have declared that w.e did not wish
and could not have him to represent ns'at th&t
Government. Yet in utter disregard, not to
say defiance, of the repeatedly expressed will
of Congress this officer has been kept at his
post by the executive department and has
consented to remain there. He is still there,
and we are asked now, in the closing aets.ol
this Congress, t® recant, to retract our former
action, to write ourselves down before the
country and posterity as culpable, as having
been engaged in a petty, little, unworthy squab-
ble. For one I am unwilling to do it. I am
unwilling to place myself and the body to
which I belong in any such attitude upon the
records before the country. Wait till this
gentleman's connection with this mission shall
be formally closed, and then let the matter
come up as a claim to be examined uponrtbe
principle ex equo et bono, upon the principle
of the intrinsic justice of the case, to be paid
just as much and no more than the claimant
is found entitled to receive. But for us at this
time to enter a cognovit, a confession of judg-
ment before the country, I for one am not
willing to do it, and I trust the House will not
do it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the entire paragraph.
It will be recollected by the members of the
House that this is the same case which has
appeared for the last three years. It is the
case of the minister to Portugal who wrote an
insulting letter to the Secretary of State in ref-
erence to Congress. Congress, I think some
three years ago, refused to appropriate,the
money to pay his salary any longer. They paid
him his salary for the current year, but refused
to make an appropriation to pay him for the
next year, and subsequently refused again when
the Committee on Appropriations reported an
appropriation to pay him.
Mr. SPALDING. Last year we paid the
salary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seemstome that
after Congress has expressed its determination
not to pay the minister, thus expressing its dis-
approbation of his course as our representative
abroad, he at least ought to have the decency
to resign and come home, and not remain there
from year to year and afterward come in here
and ask us to make up his back salary. For
one, after voting as I have voted heretofore
not to pay this salary, I am not disposed to take
back that vote and now vote to pay him, and I
hope the committee will not do it.
Mr. PAINE. After having voted as I have
twice in this House to discontinue this mission,
so far as I was able to express myself in favor
of it by a vote on an appropriation bill, I am
not willing to stultify myself by .voting for this
appropriation to-day, even though my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] of the Committee
on Appropriations may have come to the con-
clusion to recant what he has said and change
his position. Now, when we refused in two
successive appropriation bills to pay the«alary
of this minister to Portugal we notified him, as
