1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
remain and be a lien upon the property on or
against which they are issugd. If the certifi-
cates are not paid within one year the commis-
sion shall, upon the application of the holder
thereof, proceed to sell the property against,
which they are issued, such sales to he first
duly advertised, and to be made at public auc-
tion to ,the highest bidder j and a deed given
by the commission in pursuance of this provis-
ion is to be deemed aud held to bs a good and
perfect title to any property bought at such sale
thus authorized. The amount appropriated for
the share of the United States Government is
not to exceed $180,000. _ -
Mr. NORTON. I move to strike out in line
twenty-three of section three the word "four"
and to insert "five," making the maximum of
the cost per yard of paving "five" instead of
"four" dollars. I do this upon information
that the best of pavements, either of wood or
stone, cannot be laid for four dollars a yard.
I suppose it is desirable if Pennsylvania-avenue
is to be paved that it shall be paved by one of
the best if not the very best of pavemenfs.
As I have been informed by persons who
assume to have some knowledge on the sub-
ject that the better class of wood or stone
pavement cannot be laid for four dollars per
yard, I think the limit ought to be raised to
five dollars. If the discretion of this board of
commissioners can be depended upon at four
dollars, it certainly can be at five dollars.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
sub-commiitee who had this matter in charge
inquired into t-he cost of various plans of pave-
ment, and came to the conclusion that the best
of pavement could be put down for four dollars
a square yard; and in view of the fact that con-
tractors generally get the highest price allowed
to them under a bill that passes Congress we
thought that we had better limit the price to
four dollars. The whole subject, however, is
thrown into the hands of a commission con-
sisting, as will be seen bjr the bill, of the mayor
of the city, of General Michler, who has charge
of the public buildings and grounds; of Mr.
Mullett, the supervising architect of the Treas-
ury extension, and Mr. Clark, the architect
of the Capitol extension, gentlemen well versed
in such matters, and they are to have the entire
charge of this question, and to settle what kind
of pavement shall be laid, the price to be paid,
and all other matters pertaining to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I might, perhaps, say in
addition to what the honorable Senator has
said, that the committee contemplate that the
street will be paved either with wood or com
position. However, the subject of the kind of
pavement is left to the board that is named in
the bill. The committee ascertained that for
two of the most expensive kinds of wood pave-
ment the patentees are anxious to contract at
the rate of $4 50 or $-1 25; and there are other
wood pavements that the patentees are willing
to contract for at a less rate. The committee
believe that either of the most expensive kinds
of wood pavement could be put down here at
four dollars. The cost of putting down the
stone pavementwbh which some of the streets
in the city have been recently paved, if I remem-
ber correctly, was $3 50. The presumption
is that if the commission should conclude to
repave the street with stone pavement they can
contract for it at less than four dollars, and,
probably, any kind of wood pavement for four
dollars a square yard or less ; and we under-
stand that the composition pavement which
has been suggested can be put down at a much
less rate than that. So I do not think that the.
amendment suggested by the honorable Senator
from Minnesota is really necessary.
Mr. NORTON. The necessity for an amend-
ment of this kind is simply this: if for the
purpose of procuring the paving of Pennsyl-
vania avenue with one of the best kinds of
pavements this expenditure is to be made, the
nation ought not to be limited by the price fixed
to the poorest kiud of pavement. I suppose
if this commission is to be relied upon, and I
have no doubt it is for every purpose in con-
nection with this matter, it may be relied upon
at a, maximum of five dollars as .well as at four
dollars; aud if it should turn out that a pave-
ment the msst desirable under all the circum-
stances would be better and cheaper at four dol-
lars and a half than others at four certainly
Congress would not want the avenue paved with
a four dollar pavement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move an amendment
in the fifth line of the third section, before the
word "tracks," to insert the word "outer;" and
also, in line thirteen, before the word "tracks,"
to insert "outer;" so that it will require the
railroad company to pave between the two tracks
upon which the cars run as well as the space
over which the cars pass. There has been a
judicial decision arising out of questions of this
kind in which it has been determined that the
railroad company should bo required to pave
only the space over which the cars run and two
feet on either side. Unless these amendments
are adopted tho company will evade the obli-
gation to pave a space between the two double
tracks an which tho cars run, and a space of
two feet beyond.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There is no objection to the amendment. That
was the design.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the third section I
move to strike out all after the word " thereof"
in line six down to and including the word
"outward" in line ton. The words are these:
By tho owners of private property lying and abut-
ting on said Pennsylvania nvonuo, and in proportion
to their frontage thereon for that portion of the work
in front of their-lots or parts of lots from the curb
line of said avenue twonty-two feet outward.
I move to strike out this clause, because I
think the principle is very unjust. I see no
reason why, if we are paving a principal ave-
nue of the city, aportion, and a very considerable
portion of, the expense should be assessed upon
the owners of the property lying along the
avenue. They have no more use of the avenue
for the purposes of travel than other citizens.
The principle on which streets are made in any
<5ity or in any town is that they are necessary
for the passage of individuals and of teams,
&e., for all purposes of business, and they are
enjoyed by the citizens generally. The citizens
who own the lots have no more benefit from it
than other individuals who have occasion to
use the avenue or the street, whatever it may
be. That, I believe, is the general principle
adopted in all cities.
It may be replied that the street in front of
a man's property is beneficial to the property
itself. That is true. But he pays taxes upon
his property; and if his property is situated
on Pennsylvania avenue—and that is the most
important avenue—his property is, therefore,
more valuable. The answer is that the assess-
ment upon that property is higher than it is
upon property otherwise situated.^ The prin-
ciple adopted, as I understand it generally,
and as it strikes me the just principle, is that
the corporation generally, the people living in
the city, have the enjoyment of the streets,
and therefore should pay for their improve-
ment. Here the General Government pays a
portion because of its peculiar situation with
regard to this city. A man living in another
part of the city has occasion to pass and re-
pass through Pennsylvania avenue, both on
foot and by his carriages and by his teams, and
he may use it a great deal more than an indi-
vidual who does business upon the avenue
itself.
Now, sir, why should this heavy assessment,
in addition to the heavy tax which the man
pays, be made upon the individual ? The same
principle would* apply to every street in the
city. Wherever you make a street .the obliga-
tion would come to assess the cost, or a por-
tion, of the cost, of making it on the citizen
who happens to own property on the street j
and in addition to that he jsiusfc be 'assessed m
general taxes for the cost of making' all the
residue. '
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow'
me, I will state to him that that is precisely
w.hat is now done on the other streets.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought not to be done
on any. • • ' " J ~
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is obliged .to state that the unfinished business
of yesterday is now before the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
hope the Senator from Nevada will consent' to
let that be laid aside for a few mimttes, in
order that we may finish this bill. It will not
take probably ten minutes, perhaps not- five.
Mr. STEWART. Thefe are so many other
matters pressing that I must insist on the reg-
ular order. This bill can come up to-morrow
morning.
Mr. I'jBSSENDEN. I give way of course,
if the Senate is disposed to proceed with other
business.
Mf. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will consent to allow theregular order fo
be laid aside until this bill can bo disposed of.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is pro-
posed to pass by informally the unfinished
business of yesterday, for the purpose .of con-
tinuing the consideration of Senate bill No.
7SG. Is there any objection to that?
Mr. STEWART. If the Chair will call up
the order of the day at the expiration of a
quarter of an lionr I will give way for fifteen
minutes. I will not object for that time.
Mr. HARLAN. Say thirty minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that that
will benefit the gentlemen any if anybody else
wishes to speak; for I think it most likely that
I shall myself take up that portion of time.
Mr. STEWART. Then 1 object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the special order is before the
Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not like to delay
this matter; but 1 am so much opposed to this
principle, and it is so very unjust, that I must
insist upon my objection to it.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is in order, then, I
move to postpone the special order for thirty
minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done by a motion without the special order
losing its place.
Mr. FERRY. The special .order will Ipse
its place, 1 understand, by this motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will if
it is postponed oil a motion. It can be passed
over by unanimous consent without losing its
place.
Mr. HARLAN. I have a word to say on
the motion to postpone. During the last ses-
sion wo had a struggle here from time to tiine
to get the attention of the Senate to any busi-.
ness pertaining to the District of Columbia.
On my motion that a day be set apart on sev-
eral occasions I was belittled by various Sen-
ators on this floor for obtruding the business
of the District. It was then suggested by those
Senators that the proper way was to take up
these bills from time to time as other business
was introduced. The committee have adopted
that suggestion, and this, I believe, is about
the first time that we have attempted to get the
attention of the Senate during this session to a
bill to which any objection was raised. I sup-
pose the bill can be disposed of in about thirty
minutes. The committee do not desire to dis-
cuss it. The Senator from Maine has some
observations which he wishes to submit. We
all know that he is not lengthy in his remarks
usually on any practical measure ; and I think
we can dispose of it in thirty minutes. Other-
wise, we shall have to fall back on the old cus-
tom of the Senate, which we have practically
abandoned, and ask for a day, every now and
then, to beoccupiedby this business exclusively)
which we had hoped to avoid.
