1^9=;
Tm -00 N"GRESSIGFAl' #L<
Mr. BUTKEfE, 6f Massachusetts."' I with-
draw the-amendment to the.amendment.
-The question* was taken <jh Mr. Upson's
amendment, to strike out the word "for" at
the beginning of the paragraph ; and it was
agreed to.
The question- recurred upon Mr. Fap.ns-
wo&th's amendment to strike out the para-
graph; and being put, there were—ayes 60,
noes 67.
"Mr. SPALDINGr called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
and Mr. Julian were appointed.
- The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For necessary repairs and furniture for the office
ofregister of dccdsin the District of Columbia, $350.^
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. SPALDING. _ I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred
and ninety-seven:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
certain clerks in the Treasury Department, 850,000.
I am told that this is absolutely necessary to
keep the wheels of Government in motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is not that the same as
an amendment which we voted down last night?
Mr. SPALDING. It is entirely different.
It is very necessary to enable the Treasury De-
partment to carry on its operations, and I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
- Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that this paragraph is not for a deficiency
but for a private claim, which should not be put
in a deficiency bill. It is also legislation in an
appropriation bill providing how the money
shall be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that this bill,
according* to its title, is not only for supplying
deficiencies but " for other purposes."
Mr.- FARNSWORTH. Then I move to
strike out this entire paragraph. I want to
understand something about all this money
being expended under the direction of this
Rev. Mr. Whipple, whoever he is; I do not
know who he is.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
will be entertained ; but the question must be
first taken upon the amendment of the gentle--
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. MULLINS. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MULLINS. My point of order is that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Spalding] is not definite enough; it
merely says "for certain clerks," without
stating what kind of or how many clerks.
' The CHAIRMAN. ' The Chair overrules the
point of order.
" fhe question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Spalding ; and upon a di-
vision there were—ayes eighteen.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. SPALDING said: I will withdraw the
amendment and offer it in the House.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth to strike out the following:
For the relief of the two bands of Sisseton and
"Wahpetou Sioux Iudians, on the reservations at
Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake, Dakota Territory,
to he expended under the direction of Rev. II.
B. Whipple in the purchase of tools, food, seeds,
cattle, agricultural implements, and other articles
necessary for Indians and for the construction of
houses," $60,000: Provided, That the said Whipple
-bail make a full, detailed, and acourato statement
to .the- Commissioner of Indian Affairs (who shall
transmit the same to Congress) of the manner in
which the amount hereby appropriated has been
expended. • 1 >
For compensation of Il. J}. Whipple" for his" ser-
vices as abore, $1,500. ■
Mr. FARNSWORTH. "It lfeeni'sto me that
it is entirely improper to appropriate tfconey to
be expended under the direction of any person
by name without naming the office he holds.
Suppose he should die, who would then expend
the money?
Mr.BROMWELL. Does this specify any
bond to be given by this Mr. Whipple?
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate'is in
order.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Faknsworth ; and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have been instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
to add to the bill the following: ,
For defraying the expenses incurred in negotiating
the treaty made with the Tabequache. Maauaehe, Ca-
pote, Weeminucke, Yampa, Cfrand River, and Uin-
tah bands of Ute Indians, on the 2d of March, 1868,
and in procuring the consent of said Indians to the
Senate amendments thereto, $9,286 77.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend this bill
by adding to it the following :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That $5,000 be,
and is hereby, added to the appropriation for the
Agricultural Department to purchase new and val-
uable seeds and put them up for distribution, so as
to make the whole appropriation for that purpose
$25,000.
The amendment was not agreed, to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the commit-
tee now rise and report this bill to the House
with the amendments made in Committee of
the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Price
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 1911) making appro-
priations and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of .the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
and for other purposes, had directed him to
report the same back to the House with sun-
dry amendments.
enrolled bill, etc., signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-'
ined and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolution of the following title; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 1966) for the relief of
Foster and Tower; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) in relation
to the meeting of the House of Representa-
tives at the first session of the Forty-First
Congress.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes,
as the unfinished business pending at the time
of taking the recess yesterday, the considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses, &c.
Mr. LAFLIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man who has this bill in charge whether, in
view of the pressing necessity for the early
consideration of the resolution in regard to the
reporting and publishing of the congressional
debates, he is not willing that we should now
postpone the further consideration of this bill
and proceed at once to act upon the joint res-
olution which has come from the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that we are acting on this hill under, the
operation of the previous question, and that I
could not consent to the gentleman's proposi-
tion, even if I were disposed to do so.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting on
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill under the operation of the pre-
vious question. This is a very long bill, which
ought'to be sent to the Senate as early as pos-
sible. The Chair will state to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] that the pre-
vious question'has hot been called'npon the
deficiency appropriation bill just, reported to
the House.
nata1 appropriation".bill.'
Mr. SPALDING.- I rise 4^0 present a pri^
ileged report from a committee of conference*
The (Jlerk read the report as follows: -
. The committee of conference on the disagceemff
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the bflj
(H. R. No. 1803) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 3ft, 1870, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed go
recommend and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:'
That the Senate recede ftbm their amendments
numbered h 12,13,14,15, and 16.
That the House of Representatives recede front
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 8, 9,17, 18, ^), and 2$, and ageee to the
same. . -
That the House recede from tjieir disagreement to
the twenty-first.amendment of the Senate, and agrer®
to the same, with the following amendment r strik#
oxit said amendment, and insert in lieu thereof fch#
following words: "two million five hundred thou-
sandand the Senate agreetothe same. -
That the House of Representatives recede froni
their disagreement-to the twenty-seventh -amend"
ment of the Senate, and agree -to the same, with the
following amendment: inline elevon of said-amend-
ment strike out the word "sixteen," and insert in
lieu the word " fourteen;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the twenty-eighth amendment
of theSenate, and agree to the same with the follow-*
ing amendment: in line five of said amendment
strike out the words "as authorizes," and insert
in iieu thereof " and of any other act authorizing
and the Senate agree to the same.
R. P. SPALDING,
CHAS. E. PHELPS,
E. A, PIKE,
Managers on the part of the Sfou&e.
J. W. GRIMES,
J. W. NYE.
0?. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the previous
question on agreeing to this report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDINGr moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' ' leave or absence.
Mr. Axtell obtained leave of absence for
Saturday and Monday next, on aceountof being
obliged to leave the city.
deputy collectors, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1812)
to allow deputy collectors and assistant assessors of
internal revenue acting as collectors or assessors the
pay of collectors and assessors having met, after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same.
They further agree and recommend that the title
be changed, so as to read: "An act to allow deputy
collectors of internal revenue acting as collectors the
pay of collectors, and for other purposes."
ALEXANDER G.-CATTELL,
WILLARD WARNER,
J. S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
LEONARD MYERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
;Mr. ROBINSON. I would like to know,
and I suppose the House would like to know,
whatsis the result of the conference as to assist-
ant assessors acting as assessors?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state the position
of the matter. The House passed a bill pro-
viding that deputy collectors who have peiv
formed or may hereafter perform the duties of
collectors should receive the pay of collectors
for the time during which such service was
rendered if the collector had not received pay
for the same time. The Senate amended so
as to leave out that part relating to assistant
assessors—retaining the part relating to deputy
collectors. We were at first disposed not to
agree to this; but on investigating the subject
we found, so far as the deputy collectors were
concerned, It was.obviously necessary that they
should be provided for ; because they are not
officers of the Government unless* made so by
