THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
your right of suffrage; would you sell your
birthright for the miserable mess of pottage of
exemption from taxation? Sir, illustrations,
perhaps, on questions- of right or wrong are
sometimes the strongest arguments that can be
employed. In the autumn of 1864, in the very
crisis of the nation's peril, when your Govern-
ment was straining every nerve to bring every
possible soldier to the-field, a black regiment
from Connecticut reached the front of Peters-
burg and took its place along the national
lifie. In the conflicts that ensued ninctee'n of
Mb' number were killed and one hundred 'afl'd
twenty-one were wounded. The dead lie side
by side with their white comrades on the shores
of the James; the old pine trees there sing the
same requiem over both,.and- the 'brave souls
of both have gone where all'mefely external
earthly distinctions.are forgotten forever. But
what shall I say, what shall my colleague say,
of those one hundred and twenty-onawoundea?
Shattered and maimed they went home to the
State thart. sent them forth and to the people for
whom they had shed their blood. Let my col-
league go home, if he can, and look these
scarred veterans in the face and telt them that
it is doing no wrong to deprive them of all
share in that Government for which they have
made this horrible self-sacrifice.
Mr. DI-XON. Does my colleague claim that
those were citizens of Connecticut ; that they
went from Connecticut and returned to Con-
necticut?
Mr. FERRY. I know scores of them that
did. I have one in my own family to-day that
did.
Mr. DIXON. There is one, but I do not
think the Senator can count six.
Mr. PERRY. I saw the regiment at Ber-
muda Hundreds. It was encamped within
forty rods of me. Scores of them from all
parts of Connecticut I knew, and they are there
in my State now, and my colleague would crush
them down into hopeless ignominy. Do not talk
to me, sir, about doing these men no wrong by
depriving them of the right of suffrage ifyou
will only not tax them !
My colleague says the object of this amend-
ment is not to declare who shall vote, but who
shall make voters. Again, he rests under that
fatal misapprehension regarding the real char-
acter of our American system. In this land
Government does not make voters, but voters
make tho Government. To vote, under every
principle upon which our Governmentis based,
is a right of man because of his manhood, and
it comes to every citizen because of that truth
in our fundamental charter which proclaims
that "governments deriveall their just powers
from the consent of the governed." And
herein lies the essential distinction between
tho European and the American social theories.
By the former, all political functions find their
source in the governing authority, and dcscend
from it to the subject. By the latter, all polit-
ical functions^ originate from the people, in
whom alone is inherent sovereignty. The Euro-
pean petitions for franchises; the American
asserts rights. This amendment only forbids
the denial of these rights.
Sir, I thank God that I have lived long
enough to witness the dawning of that day
when these caste distinctions shall be ob-
literated all over this land. Tho amendment
attains the accomplishment of that^, state of
society toward which the nations have been
struggling since the beginning of the Christian
civilization. To the old pagan system of civ-
ilization the only law was the law of force.
To the new Christian civilization, ushered in
by Divine revelation, the foundation of all law
is right. For eighteen centuries that civiliza-
tfon has been struggling through the nations
amid insurrections and revolts and wars and
overturningsof kingdoms, until here upon this
western continent it at last is to attain that
accomplishment which has been the hope of
philosophers and statesmen and patriots of all
ages. One thing only yet.remains to restrain
its foil fruition, the prejudice of race.
, Sir, there were two nations of antiquity in
Which that prejudice exerted a more potentin-
fluence than in any others. To the Greek,
tracing his lineage back through heroes and
demi gods to the very deities of Olympus, all
the world outside of Hellas was but a barbaric
chaos.; To the Hebrew the family of Abraham
were the chosen of God, to whom the very touch
ofthe'Gentile was defilement to the Jew.. And
now, sir, roll back for a moment the curtain"
of history. On the Athenian- Aeropagus, in
the Very eenter of that brilliant Greek lite, Paul
the Hebrew is proclaiming " God hath made
of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on
all the face of the earth." Behold the realiza-
tion Of that which is contained in those Divine
words rapidly approaching on these western
shores! Three centuries have scarce elapsed
since Europe poured forth her children out of
all her diverse nationalities upon our Atlantic
coast, and Africa in chains was dragged hither
to be their servant; while now, in the midst
of the growing glory of the nation, the Orient
is sending its myriads eastward across the
Pacific. .Europe, Asia, Africa, are blending
here into a nationality such as the world has
never seen ; a nation where equal civil rights
and equal political rights, under the benign
operation of a Constitution broad in its hu-
manity as the sway of the Republic, shall be
the law for fevery individual; a nationality
which shall realize the vision of the.statesman,
and, may we not hope, the aspiration of the
Christian.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the speech of
my colleague has been mainly directed to the
question whether suffrage ought to be extended,
and not to the question which I raised in my
speech to which he has replied ; and that was
that the tribunal which had a right to decide
upon this question was the people of the sepa-
rate States, acting each for itself.
Tho Senator calls that a technicality. It is
possible that some of the points to which ho
referred might be called technicalities. Pos-
sibly it is a technicality to say that when a great
party like tho Republican party, claiming to
comprise within themselves all the talents and
all the intelligence and all the virtue of the
country, assemble in solemn convention, and
lay down a platform of principles, it is bound
in honor to carry out those principles in prac-
tice. Tho Senator calls that argument a plea
of estoppel. If his party meet and declare a
principle ; if they say that the actual existing
law of the land gives to tho several States the
power to control suffrage, and then say further-
more that rightfully that power is given, he
says it is a technicality to insist upon it. If
they say the law is so, and that it ought to be
so, we have no right to insist upon its adher-
ence to that declaration because it is a tech-
nicality! Well, sir, let it be so; let it be a
technicality, and let the other objections be
considered technicalities. It certainly is not a
technicality to claim that if suffrage ought to
be extended in the several States the people
of those States themselves are the proper tri-
bunal to judge of the propriety of the extension;
and particularly in the State of Connecticut.
Now, sir, I will not dwell upon the fact that
the Chicago convention admitted and declared
that to be the true doctrine. I will not merely
insist upon that point. I go further; I strike
deeper; I go to the fundamental principles of
things in the genius of our Government; and
I declare here, asl did the other day, that the
State of Connecticut being a republic, the
State of Connecticut being an independent
State, has necessarily the power to regulate
suffrage for herself, or she ceases to be an in-
dependent State.
Now, the Senator says she is not an inde-
pendent State to-day. Certainly she would
not be an independent State to-day if she could
not say who should vote at her elections. He
objects to my expression that tho question is
not who shall be the voter, but who shall make
the voter; and he says the voter makes the
Government and not the Government the voter.
Now, the Senator knows perfectly well that
the expression "make a voter" is a tech-
nical expression in the State of Connecticut.
" Make an elector," "admit an elector," is a
common expression there. A man says he is
made a voter. How ? Because our constitu-
tion requires that before he shall be admitted
a voter he shall have certain qualifications and
take a certain oath. The Senator knows very
well that that state of things exists in Connec-
fieut, and that language is used to express the
idea that in -Connecticut the constitution pre-
scribes the "qalifications having which a man
is made an elector.
- Now, is it so or is it not, that the State of
Connecticut and the other States of this Union
are independent States. Leaving all the Sen-
ator's metaphysical disquisitions upon technic-
alities and his legal disquisitions upon estoppel
and his eloquence upon the rights of man;
leaving all that behind, I propose now very
briefly to consider that question. He denies
here positively and directly that the State of
Connecticut is an independent republic. Well,
sir, what is the claim of the State of Connecti-
cut upon that subject? I have already referred
to her constitution; I beg leave to refer to it
again. Th.e constitution of Connecticut com-
mences with these words:
"Tho people of Connecticut, acknowledging with
gratitude the good providence of God in having per-
mitted them to enjoy a free government, do, in order
more effectually to define, secure, and perpetuate the
liberties rights, and privileges which they have
derived from their ancestors, hereby, after a careful
consideration and revision, ordain and establish the
following constitution andform of civil government."
That is the language properly applying to an
independent State. It then goes on to provide
that electors shall have certain qualifications,
and that the electors shall take a certain oath.
I believe in some States that is not required.
After specifying all the qualifications of an
elector, it is provided that on ,1m taking such
oath as may be prescribed by law he shall be
an elector. I have read that oath already. I
will, for the purpose of having it go into the
report of my remarks, ask leave to read it again
to the Senate:
"You, A B, do solemnly swoar that you will be
truoaud faithful to the State of Connecticut, and the
constitution and government thereof, ns a free and
independent State, and to the Constitution of the
United States; and whenever you shall be called to
give your vote or suffrage touching any matter that
concerns this State or the United States, you will
give it as you shall judge will conduce to the best
good of the same, without respect of persons, or fear
of any man; so help you God."
This is the oath which every voter in Con-
necticut is required to take, and until he takes
it he cannot vote in that State.
The Senator claims that the doctrine set
forth by me that the State of Connecticut is an
independent republic is a treasonable doctrine,
had its birth in South Carolina, was never
avowed or dreamed of by me when I acted
with the party to which he now belongs, but
that the idea is an afterthought of a politician.
Never, he says, since my recollection or his, has
it been claimed in Connecticut or believed that
she was an independent republi*. The fact is,
the Senator had forgotten the oath he took.
He did not deem it of much importance at the
time, I presume; he did not attend to it suffi-
ciently to remember its significant language.
Otherwise he would never have denied that
Connecticut waa and is an independent State.
I presume the Senator does not mean to
make a distinction between an independent
republic and an independent State. I noticed,
as he proceeded in his comments, he omitted
the word " State," and used the word " repub-
lic." I ask if he acknowledges the meaning
to be the same?
Mr. FERRY. I used the word " republic"
because it was used by my colleague in his
speech.
Mr. DIXON. Exactly. I did not suppose
my colleague wanted 0to draw a distinction
here. If Connecticut is an independent re-
public she is an independent Stale; if she is
an independent State she-is an independent
