1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869-
republic; for nobody doubts or denies that she
is a republic any more than that she is a State.
But, sir, it is not Connecticut alone that makes
this claim.
The Senator says I have invented or discov-
ered a doetrine new to me, or, at least, have
imported an ancient treasonable doctrine from
South Carolina. Let us see. I have looked
into the constitutions of several State's on this
subject, and I beg leave to call the attention
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] to the constitution of his State. That
constitution goes further in its claim of sover-
eignty than even the constitution and elector's
oath of Connecticut:
"The people of this Commonwealth havetho solo
and exclusive right of governing themselves as afreo,
sovereign, and independent State; and do, and for-
ever hereafter shall, exorcise and enjoy every power,
jurisdiction, and right whioli ia not or may not here-
after bo by them expressly delegated to the United
States in Congress assembled."
This clause of the constitution of Massa-
chusetts furnishes me with a complete answer
to the argument of my colleague, that inas-
much as the oath of the elector, which he him-
self took, provides that the electof shall sup-
port the Constitution of the United States,
therefore Connecticut is not an independent
republic. He says she is not independent be-
cause she is not entirely free from any obli-
gation to the Constitution of the United States.
What did Massachusetts say ? She declares
herself to be a sovereign republic, a sovereign
and independent State; and in the very same
clause of the constitution slie provides that
she shall hereafter " exercise and enjoy every
power, jurisdiction, and right which is not
or may not hereafter be by them expressly
delegated to the United States of America;"
thus showing that a State may be a sovereign
republic as well as an independent republic
and at the same time delegate certain powers
to the Government of the United States.
Mr. FERHY. What is the date of the con-
stitution of Massachusets referred to?
Mr. DIXON. The date was 1779, and it was
finished in 1780; but the constitution expressly
provides for a future delegation of power to
the Government of the United States. It looks
to the creation of a Government of the United
States not then existing. The statesmen of
Massachusetts knew in 1780 that there prob-
ably would be a Union and a Government
formed in this country. They were not blind
to coming events. They were themselves the
inventors, I might almost say, and discoverers
of our form of government. They knew per-
fectly well that this idea of a Federal Govern-
ment was in the minds of men atthattime ; and
in anticipation of that idea they say in 1780 that
they are a sovereign and independentState, and
that they had and for all time would have and
exercise and enjoy every power, jurisdiction,
and right, which is not or may not be expressly
delegated; so that an express delegation of
power to the Government of the United States
would not prevent their being a sovereign and
independent State. Do you suppose that John
Adams and his compeers would have declared
themselves a sovereign and independent State
if they had supposed that the very idea which
they themselves suggest—that is, a delegation
of power—was to deprive them of their exist-
ence as a sovereign and independent State?
' That is not all. Massachusetts went further.
She required an oath which my honorable
friend, [Mr. Sttmner,] I presume, has taken ;
"I do solemnly swear that X will bear true faith
and allegiance to the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts, and will support the constitution thereof."
A great deal has been said here and else-
where on the subject of the proper point aud
place where allegiance was due—whether it
was due to the Government of the United
States or to the government of the State.
This constitution must be taken together as a
whole. It provides for a future delegation of
powers t} a government thereafter to exist by
possibili'y, and it also declares that allegiance
is due to the State of Massachusetts. Wlthoat
dwfellin'g on the idea of allegiance, the meaning
of it, or the strict definition of that word, every
Senator knows that it is the language used when
speaking of the relations of a citizen to the
sovereign government of which he is a subject.
If that government is a government of the peo-
ple, then he is the subjectof that government,
and he owes allegiance to it, whether due to
the people or to the sovereign himself. Mr.
Webster went into the discussion of the ques-
tion as to whether the -word "sovereignty"
could be applied properly in this country,
because, he said, it was borrowed from Europe,
and he rather objected to it; but it seems it
was not objected to when this constitution was
framed.
Let us follow out this idea and see what was
done in other States. The State of New Hamp-
shire formed a constitution in 1792, at a date
subsequent to that of the State of Massachu-
setts, after the adoption of the Constitution of
the United States. Let us see what she said
of herself when the Constitution of the United
States was in full force:
"The people inhabiting the territory formerly
called the Provinoo of New Hampshire do heroby
^solemnly and mutually agree with each other to form
themselves into a free, sovoroign, and independent
body-politic, or State, by the name of tho State of
New Hampshire."
This, as I have already said, was after tho
Constitution of the United States was adopted,
when New Hampshire was subject to the same
power which my colleague says stripped Con-
necticut of her sovereignty and of her inde-
pendence.
Mr. PERRY. I should like to ask my col-
league a question, with his permission.
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. PERRY. Is he here as an embassador
of an independent republic or as a Senator of
the United States?
Mr. DIXON. That i3 a question which is
very easily answered. I am here as a Senator
of the United States. There is no difficulty
upon that subject. We are legislators. We are
not embassadors. Let me tell my honorable
colleague, if he is not acquainted with the Con-
stitution better than he is with tbe laws of the
State of Connecticut—I know he is an excel-
lent lawyer, and I wonder that he has forgot-
ten the elector's oath—let me tell him that we
in Connecticut agreed when we ratified the
Constitution of the United States to delegate
certain powers, and one of those delegated
powers was the power to send embassadors.
It is expressly provided in the Constitution of
the United States that the President of the
United States shall receive aud acknowledge
embassadors. That is one of the powers that
we have delegated.
The Senator, in the course of his argument,
seemed to wonder that I was not shocked by the
exercise of a power expressly conferred upon
Congress, and lie claimed that that was incon-
sistent, if he will allow me here to speak of that
for a moment, with my present claim to be an
advocate of the true doctrine of State rights,
being, as he intimates, somewhat of a neophyte
in the Democratic party. Why, sir, I think the
Senator wholly mistakes the position of the
Democratic party. The Democratic party, if
I may be permitted to speak for them in the
presence of sucli gentlemen as surround me,
never objected to the exercise of any power
which existed in this Government. When they
stand up here and object to laws to be passed
I have never heard the constitutional objection
by the Senate and House of Representatives
made against laws which you bad the power to
pass. The objection was made that you had
no power; that the Constitution did not give
it; and that was what I meant when I told my
colleague I was not shocked by the exercise
of an acknowledged power. If the power ex-
ists carry it out. The Democratic party do
not object to the exercise of delegated powers.
He says the power exists to pass this resolu-
tion. I say to him frankly and freely I think
the power does exist, technically speaking, and
perhaps legally speaking. I never have con-
tended, as my honorable friend fron  Kentucky
[Mr. Dlvis] does,- that we <&mnbt aift on this
question because certain States are excluded;
from representation; nor do I claim that we
cannot legally act upon this question because'
it actually destroys and undermines the power
of the States as independent republics. I say
that that is a reason why we should not act.
That I wish ray colleague to understand, if
he understands me to argue that it will not be-
binding in law. I do not propose to go into
any §uch consideration as that at the present
time. What a court will decide upon that
question I should not like now to attempt tcf
predict. At any rate, I do not place my oppo-
sition upoirthe ground that that action is not
legal, and that you have no right to take the
course you are taking, as a legal question; but
I propose to waive all considerations of that
character.
Mr. DAYIS. I should like to ask my hon-
orable friend a question. Suppose this Con-
gress should deny to Connecticut her repre-
sentation both in the House of Representatives
and the Senate, would the residue of the-Con-
gress be authorized under the Constitution t,o
propose an amendment to that instrument?
Mr. DIXON. My friend from Kentucky will
excuse me i'rotn going into that subject. I think
if the State of Connecticut were now excluded,
wrongfully excluded from this Congress, there
might be a serious question whether it did not
affect tho legality ot the acts passed. But my'
friend will permit me to say, and I think he
will not differ from me on that subject, that
there is a vast distinction between excluding
Kentucky and Connecticut to-day and theposi-
tionof those States which voluntarily attempted
to sever themselves from the Union.
Mr. DAVJS. One more question. What
distinction in principle is there between what
is now the position of Georgia and what would'
be the position of Connecticut if she was ex-
cluded?
Mr. DIXON. I should not differ from my
friend on that subject very widely. For the
last three years I have claimed that we have
been committing a wrong toward the State of
Georgia. I believe it to-day. But I might not
go so far as to say that it would render all our
acts illegal and void. There, possibly, is the
difference between us. I think that State ought
to be admitted.
Mr. DAVIS. I will only put one other ques-
tion to my honorable friend. When there is a
corporation that is a plural government—for
instance, a bank directory, arailroad directory,
or any other corporation that has a plural gov-
ernment—it is a universal principle of law that
where a portion of the members of the plural
government exclude another portion, even if
it bo a minority, from action in the government,
what the majority do during tile exclusion of
the minority is held for naught—has- no effect
or operation whatever,
Mr. DIXON. My time is short in the Sen-
ate—I have only about four weeks here; and
I must decline, with the Senator's psrmission,
going into a discussion on that subject with
him, asthe period of my remaining service here
would be quite too brief. [Laughter.] How-
ever, I beg to say to him that I have very great
respect for his legal opinions, but I have never
been quite satisfied that we have not power to
act, notwithstanding the doctrines he has so
ably maintained.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state my own position
after awhile.
Mr. DIXON. Now, sir, New Hampshire
also required an oath of her electors ; and this,
I beg leave to remind the Senate, was after the
adoption of the Constitution of the United
States. The idea that any citizen could owe
allegiance to a State has come to be a shock-
ing idea in some of the northern States. I
must say I think there is a good deal of polit-
ical bigotry and no small degree of cant on this
question. Because the doctrine of State rights
has been carried to an extreme, and a dan-
gerous extreme, at the South, shall we go to
the other extreme and say that there are no
State rights? It is barely possible that we may
make as great a mi'st'ake on the otli'ei' slflfe'j *we
