860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Hi ay find it as dang&rotis to deny ill at Connpc-
tacut is an independent State, as my colleague
has done, as it was to claim that she was sov-
ereign in all particulars and had power, as was
claimed in South Carolina, to nullify the laws
of the United States. But, sir, what was the
oath required in New Hampshire? Bear in
mind that this oath was required after the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States:
'* X do solemnly swear, that I will bear faith and
tree allegiance to the State of New Hampshire, and
will support the constitution thereof."
Was the State of Netf Hampshire a govern-
ment? Was there a binding tie, an allegiance
between the citizen of that State and "the State
government? It seems that this government,
which was no republic and no State, had some-
what remarkable powers.
I findin'the constitution of the State of Con-
necticut some definitions which are a little
inconsistent with the doctrin es of my colleagu e.
When we find that citizens are required to take
an oath to support the government of a State
as an independent State, and, as in Massachu-
setts and New Hampshire, are required to
swear obedience, we find some reason for what
I am now about to read from the constitution
of Connecticut, and it may perhaps be also
found in the constitutions of other States:
" Treason agaitiet the State shall consist only in
levying war against it or adhering to its enemies,
giving thorn aid ntid comfort. No person shall be
convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two
witnesses to the same overt act or on confession in
open court. No conviction of treason or attainder
shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture."
It has been decided by the supreme court of
Connecticut that this constitution of Connec-
ticut is a limitation of power, not a grant of
power; so that, if that limitation had not been
made, a conviction of treason would work cor-
ruption of blood and forfeiture, A man guilty
of treason is he who makes war against the
State, or adheres to its enemies ; and still, it is
only a municipal community, a mere corpora-
tion, having no power as an independent repub-
lic, as a Slate, assuming upon itself the sover-
eign power of declaring what shall be treason
againstitsown government—treason not against
a Government; treason against a municipal
corporation!
I have looked into the constitutions of the
other States, and I think that all, or nearly all
of them, have Similar or equivalent provisions.
The fifth article of the constitution of the State
of Vermont is as follows:
"That the peoplo of this State, by thoir legal rep-
resentatives, have the sole,- inherent, and exclusive
rwlit of governing and regulating the internal police
of the same,"
What is the internal police of a State ? In
order to regulate the internal police of a State
magistracies are required ; a chief magistrate ;
a Governor; courts are appointed. Those
courts maybe appointed by the Legislature or
by the Executive or by the people by popular
vote. The constitution of Vermont provides
that the power of governing the State as to its
internal police, which is the whole govern-
ment of the State and includes everything, is
inherent in the people and exclusive. Now,
sir, you propose to come here to-day and adopt
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which deprives the people of the
State of Vermont of the inherent and exclu-
sive" right of governing and regulating their
internal police for themselves; tor it does not
need an argument to show that if we can de-
clare and decide who shall be their electors,
and control in every respect the entire right
of suffrage, they have not the power of regu-
lating and enforcing the internal police of the
State, And if we may interfere at all we may
change the whole framework of their internal
policy and establish such restrictions upon
suffrage as we may choose to establish—the
only limit being our own discretion, subjeet to
tue ratification of three fourths of the States.
Butj sir, I will not dwell Longer on this sub-
ject. I trust I have now shown my colleague
that this doctrine is not a iwsw discovery of
mine; that it is not a doctrin*-which I have
adopted since, as he says, I have changed my
political course. Whether I have changed my
political course or not is a matter of very trifling
consequence to the people of this country, ex-
cept so far as my constituents are concerned.
I might claim that others have changed; but
what has the question of personal consistency,
to do with it? Of what consequence is it
whether he or. myself are consistent? I take it
the great question is, are we right?—not, have
we changed? He and I have both been accused
of a somewhat erratic course on the subject of
politics heretofore. Are we right to-day ? that
is the question.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senate, and I ap-
peal to the people of Connecticut, is it right to
say that an independent State—for I think my
colleague will now admit that the State of Con-
necticut is independent, especially after you
have told the people in the platform of your
party that they themselves have a right to con-
trol this matter—is it right for an external
power to penetrate into the State of Conneeti-
cut, and finding that her people have decided
upon a certain mode of regulating the elective
franchise interfere with it, destroy it by an-
amendment to the organic law of the United
States? I say it is not right. I say if you wish
to address the people of Connecticut on this
subject you should inform their consciences
if you think them wrong, and change their
minds if you can, as my colleague has at-
tempted to do. You ought to address them as
a State which can change its own form of gov-
ernment. That was what I meant to say when
I insisted on their right to decide this question
for themselves in their own way.
The Senator says I have avoided the main
question, whether the change ought to be made.
The question presented was wholly as to the
mode of making this change. The question
was whether the Congress of the United States
should do it; whether it should be proposed
by this Congress to the States. I say, no ; let
not Congress propose it ; let not the States
attempt by their aggregate action to force this
change upon other States ; but if the Senator
wishes to make the change let him go into the
State of Connecticut and there advance the
views which he has here presented.
But the Senator says I have claimed that
exemption from taxation is a sufficient consid-
eration for the deprivation of political rights,
because I said the State of Connecticut did
the negro no wrong. Why, sir, it was plain
and apparent from the tenor of my remarks
and the context that I referred to pecuniary
wrong. Whether there isa wrong here or not, the
Senator will admit that if the colored man is
wronged in the State of Connecticut then every
other person is wronged who is deprived of the
natuial rijjjjit of voting, as he calls it. If you
wrong the African you wrong the woman. She
has the same natural right to vote that the
African has. I think the Senator will admit
that. Whether she shall bo permitted to vote
is a question of policy, a question of expe-
diency in the State which the governing power
has a right to control. I do not think that the
State of Connecticut is to-dayinflictinga wrong
upon the women of Connecticut by providing
that only males shall vote. The State has a
right to make that distinction; and I never have
heard my colleague claim anywhere that it was
a wrong inflicted upon the female sex. I say,
therefore, carrying out the same idea, that it
is no wrong inflicted upon the negro race or
the Indian race or the minor or the female.
In no sense can it be called a wrong.
I went further, a.nd I stated to the Senate
the fact that the State of Connecticut, being
extremely desirous to obviate any objection
that might be made on this subject, to keep
her honor pure and unsullied, had refused to
receive from this race one dollar of taxation ;
and I said that so doing she did them no wrong,
But the Senator seems to claim that I supposed
that to strip an elector of an acknowledged
right and pay him for it by exemption from
taxation would be satisfactory and fair. I think
the Senator will acknowledge the vast differ-
ence between the two cases. The State has a
perfect right to say who shall and who shall
not vote, at least while the Constitution of the
United States remains as it is. She says that
the female sex shall not vote; that the African
race and the Indian race shall not vote • and
in order to avoid doing the negro a wrong she
says the negro shall pay no taxes. I will state
as a somewhat remarkable fact that some of
the best business men of the State of Connec-
ticut, competent men, I agree, to carry on any
description of business, are exempted from
State taxation under that provision. In so,
doing we show, I think, that we do not intend
to wrong them.
Whenever the Senator.will go before the
people of Connecticut and argue this question
as to the propriety of permitting the negro to
vote, then I will meet him upon that subject,
and then let it be decided.
But, sir, the question now is a very different
one; and that is, why, as he says, I avoided
the abstract question. The question is whether
the independence of the State of Connecticut
shall be invaded; the question is whether
she shall be humiliated, whether she shall be
humbled in the dust, whether she shall be told
that for more than a hundred years she has
been guilty of this wrong upon the negro race,
and that, inasmuch as thepeopleof the United
States are hopeless of her ever reforming that
wrong herself, believing that she is lost to all
sense of honor and right, you propose to come
in here and by an external power drag her to
the reluctant performance of a neglected duty.
That is what I object to in my colleague. I
could wish that he stood here occupying a dif-
ferent position. I could wish that he would
say, " I believe the negro ought to be permitted
to vote ; that he has a natural right to do so ;
but I protest against your interfering ; I think
my State should make the amendment in her
own constitution." If the Senator would say
that, so far we could act together: Then we
could consider the question whether, underthe
new light which he says we have recently dis-
covered, which has been vouchsafed to us, wo
should say it was best to-day to permit the
negro to vote in the State of Connecticut.
Sir. President, I have some distrust of my
own opinion. I think that overweening con-
fidence in my own judgment and my own opin-
ions is not the greatest of my faults. I should
hesitate perhaps somewhat with regard to this
question if I stood alone upon it; but, sir,
one of the first and ablest and most distin-
guished, and I might say, in his profession,
m®st illustrious citizens of Connecticut, Eev.
Dr. Bacon, of New Haven, entertains or did
entertain very similar ideas to mine on this
subject. In a letter which he wrote on the sub-
ject, he refers to the bill which my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] proposed to offer
here. On a certain occasion, three days pre-
vious to an election in Connecticut, I asked
that Senator if he intended to apply it to Con-
necticut; and he replied in the affirmative, and
added that she needed it. Supposing that his
colleague was not so far advanced, that possi-
bly my friend [Mr. Sumner] might be lost in
the mists ef that far country which he entered
long in precedence of others, and that his
colleague might not agree with him, I asked
him if he also thought so. He said he agreed
with his colleague entirely ; that the law was
a good one, and he should vote for it the first
opportunity, and that it was intended to apply
to Connecticut as well as other States.
I thought it my duty to inform my friend
fro fa Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] who was to
address the people of Connecticut that even-
ing, the Friday evening before the election, of
the advance which this party of progress had
made. Sir, so progressive was this party that
if a Senator left here, for example, to-day to
address the people of Connecticut to-morrow,
it was necessary that he should receive tele-
graphic dispatches as to the position occupied
at that precise date by the party, [laughter;]
and, therefore, I was at considerable trouble
to inform my friend from Wisconsin what waa
