V869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
merely set the Senator right as to the language
I used. ■
Mr. MORTON. I certainly understood, from
what I lie Semitor said, that the Democracy of
the. Slate of Connecticut had made progress
on I hat subject; but as the Senator, now says
they have made no progress, and he has'referred
t.oihc subject of paying the bonds infold, I
will remark that the New York convention by
its platform, which, if I remember correctly,
Is even more recent than that of the Chicago
convention, resolved that what we call the five-
twenty bonds, or those not specifically payable
ill coin, were payable in lawful money, or what
w.o call greenbacks. The Senator, I believe,
indorsed that platform, and if he has not made
progress he indorses it yet, and he denies now
' that the Democratic party has progressed upon
that subject.
• Mr. DIXON.. I do not deny anything.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says he does
not deny anything. [Laughter.] Now, Mr.
President, notwithstanding it is insisted that
the Democratic partyhas made no progress, and
that it is substantially where it was at the be-
ginning of the war, that it has learned nothing
and has improved in no respect, I must insist that
we have had evidence on the floor of the Senate
yesterdayand to-day that the Democratic party
has, made substantial progress. My colleague
in an able speech yesterday, and the Senator
from Connecticut in one yesterday and another
to-day, have talked at great length about this
constitutional amendment without saying one
vpord in regard to its' merits, whether it was a
. good one or a bad one, but have confined their
arguments simply to the question as to the mode
of its submission, and whether the Republican
party was not, estopped in taking any action
■upon the subject by its platform in Chicago.
I take it, sir, that these distinguished Senators
feel the pressure of public opinion. 1 take it
that they recognize the progress that the coun-
try has made, and that they^ do not feel quite
comfortable now in coming into the Senate of
the United States and arguing against a propo-
sition to establish impartial suffrage. Sir, it is
,an omen of progress, and I congratulate the
Senators ana the country upon it.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon]
says that he will meet his colleague upon that
question before the people, should it be sub-
'itiitted to the people ; but it is encouraging to
us and to the country that the Senator declines
: to say one word against impartial suffrage in
the Senate of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to speak for
a few minutes in regard to the language of this
amendment. I will vote for the amendment
as it came from the House of Representatives,
or I will vote for the clause as reported by the
Judiciary Committee in the Senate if I can
get no better form ; but I desire to say that it
comes far short of what should now be the
action of Congress on this subject, in my opin-
ion. The resolution as itcame from the House
and the amendment reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary are in substance the same,
differingsomewhatin phraseology. Theamend-
ruent of our committee is:
The right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold 1 fficeshall not bedenied or abridged bythe
United States, or any State, on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitudo.
It will be observed that this language admits
or recognizes that the whole power over the
question of suffrage is vested in the several
States except as it shall be limited by this
amendment. It tacitly concedes that the States
may disfranchise the colored people Or any
other class 6f people for other reasons save
and except those mentioned in the amendment.
Tliey cannot be disfranchised by reason of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
I11 other words, it leaves all the existing irregu-
larities and incongruities in suffrage. I have
entertained the idea that when we came to
amend the Constitution upon this subject we
ought to make suffrage uniform throughout the
United States; that the same class of men
should'be' allowed in every State to vote for
President and Vice President, and members of
Congress, and members of' the State Legisla-
tures that elect Senators ; that the same class
of men excluded in one State ought to be ex-
cluded in every other State. In other words,
I think suffrage ought to be uniform.
In the State of Intfttitia a man of foreign
birth,'who has been in tfie United States one
year and in the State of Indiana six months,
and who has declared' his intention to become
a citizen of the United States, is allowed to
vote for President, Vice President, members
of Congress, and State officers. Just over the
line, in the State of Ohio, the same man would
not be allowed to vote unless he had been in
the country five years and had become fully
naturalized. Here is a class of men taking
part in the government of the*country in one
State who are excluded in the next State. I
am not discussing the propriety or impropriety
of these regulations, but lam speaking of their
inconsistencies. In the State of Massachu-
setts, for instance, they have an 'educational
test; in the State of lihode Island, if I am
correctly informed, there is a property qualifi-
cation. The population of that State is so
numerous that the voting ratio must be reduced
by requiring a property qualification. In some
States a residence of six months is required; in
other States a residence of twelve months is
required, and perhaps there may be some other
conditions of suffrage prescribed. In the State
of New York I believe that colored men are
allowed to vote if they are worth §250 in real
estate.
Now, sir, when we come to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States on this subject,
would it not be proper to make suffrage uni-
form? And it is as easy to amend it in the
one way, I believe, as it is in the other. This
amendment leaves the whole power in the
States just as it exists now, exceptthat colored
men shall not be disfranchised for the three
reasons of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery. They may be disfranchised for
want of education or for want of intelligence.
The States of Louisiana and Georgia may
establish regulations upon the subject of suf-
frage that will cut out forty-nine out of every
fifty colored men in those States from voting,
and what may be done in one of these States
may perhaps be done in others. They may,
perhaps, require property or educational tests,
and that would cut off the great majority of
the colored men from voting m those States,
and thus this amendment would bo practically
defeated in all those States where the great
body of the colored people live. Sir, if the
power should pass into the hands of the rebel
population of those States—perhaps I should
beg pardon now, I should rather call it the
Conservative or Democratic population—if
they could not debar the colored people of the
right of suffrage in any other way tliey would
do it by an educational or a property qualifi-
cation.
Mr. President, I am not sure, on looking
further at this amendment, but that the lan-
guage itself can be dodged without establish-
ing either a property qualification or an edu-
cational test. Take the State of Kentucky,
Maryland, or any of these States choosing to
do so; may they not dodge it? It says the
right of citizens of the United States to vote
and hold office shall not be denied or abridged
lay any State or by the United States "on
account of"—"by reason of" is the language
of the amendment of the House—"race, color,
or previous condition of servitude." I should
suppose that the words "race or color" would
be sufficient. I am somewhat averse to put-
ting the word "color" into the Constitution.
Iam somewhat averse to making any reference
to slavery in the Constitution. •
Mr. FESSENDBN. "Servitude."
Mr. MORTON. "Servitude" is the word
used in the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee of the Senate; but "previous condi-
tion of slavery'' is the phrase employed 111 the
amendment coming-from the House of Repre-
sentatives. 1
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest? to the honorable
Senator from Indiana that "slavery" is Lhe
second word in the thirteenth amendment.
Mh MORTON. . That was when it camc to
abolish; it.
Mr. DRAKE:. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. But it found admissiot)
there for that purpose aml-no other.
Now, Mr. President, why is it necessary to
insert these words, 'Adr previous condition of
servitude-" or "slavery?" It says they shall
not be debarred of the right of suffrage 011 ac-
count of race or color or previous condition
of servitude. It is because some of these
States might say, "We will debar these men
from voting, not on account of their, race, not
011 account of their color, but because they
have once been slaves." Suppose that one .of
these States should say, "Wo will debar theso
men from voting, jiot by reason of color or
race or previous condition of slavery, but be-
cause they are deficient in natural intelligence,
incapable of improvement, and incompetent to
take a part in the administration of the Gov-
ernment." If they put it upon that reason it
might be perhaps a strained construction
amendment; but we ought not now to be pro-
viding an amendment that is susceptible of a
double construction. They say they do not
disfranchise these men on account of their
color, race, or having been slaves, but because
they are naturally inferior in point of intellect,
and unqualified to take part in the administra-
tion of the Government. I am not sure but
that in that way the whole provision may be
dodged. That is.just the position taken by the
great body of the southern people. If you will
ask them their opinion of the colored race,
they will tell you that they ai;e an inferior race,
and hardly human beings, and disqualified
from taking part in the administration of the
Government; and if they put that in their con-
stitutions, and give that as a reason, it becomes
a question whether they have not dodged the
whole provision. We would deny the truth or
soundness of their reason; but they would
insist on it, and claim that it is not provided
against in the amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I would prefer an affirm-
ative amendment, an amendment declaring who
shall have the right to vote, not a negation but
an affirmation, and one that defines the right
of suffrage, and does not leave it open for the
construction of different Stales; and I think
that if we are not to have an affirmative defi-
nition of suffrage the amendment offered by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is
perhaps as good a one as has been presented,
and certainly better than the one that came
here from the House; and I will ask the Secre-
tary. to read it.
The Chief Cijsrk. The amendment of Mr.
Howatcd proposes to strike out section one of
the House article, and insert:
Citizens of the United States of African descent
shall have the same right to vote and hold office as
other citizens.
Mr. MORTON. That pertains simply to
citizens of African descent. This amendment
refers also only to citizens of Al'ncan descent;
but that gives them an affirmative right, says
they shall have the same right ,to vote that
other citizens have. It therefore cuts off every
possible construction of the amendment as it
came from the House of Representatives, or
the one offered by the committee, by which
they could be debarred from the right of suf-
frage. It places these men precisely upon the
same ground with a 11 others ; but it still leaves
tlie'States the power of establishing an educa-
tional or property test "by which they would
cut off the great mass of colored men. 1 think
this is the best of the three, hut that it would
be still better to adopt an amendment declar-
ing who shall have the right to vote, making
it uniform throughout the United States, and
leaving 110 question of construction for the
States.
