1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOfffi.
1615
Eighteenth amendment:
For construction of appraisers' stores at Philadel-
phia, $37,500.
Nineteenth amendment: -
For the construction ofthepublicbuiiding at Cairo,
Illinois to be used as a post office, custom-house, and
the United States court-room, $25,000.
Twentieth amendment:
For the construction of acustom-houso at St. Paul,
Minnesota, $25,000.
Twenty-first amendment:
For the construction of a custom-house at Ogdens-
burg, New York, $12,500.
Twenty-first and a half amendment:
For continuing the work on the marine hospital at
Chicago, Illinois, $35,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 60, not voting
86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beck, Blackburn, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckley, Burr, Roderick
R.Butler, Callis, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley, Cullom,
Dickey, Donnelly, Eckley, Thomas D. Eliot, James
T. Elliott, Goss, Gove, Gravely, Haight, Ilalsey,
Hamilton, Harding, Heaton, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr,
GeorgeV. Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, McCarthy, McKee, Miller, Mooihead, Morrell,
Mungen, Myers, Newsbam, O'Neill, Orth, Peters,
Plants, Poland, Price, Prince, Raurn, Robertson,
Sawyer, Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather. Stokes,
Stover, Taber, Taffe. Thomas, Trowbridge, Twichell,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Henry I). Wash burn, W hit-
temore, William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Young—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Bailey, Baker, Barnes,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Boyden,
Buckland, Benjamin F. Butler, Cary, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Cornell, Cuvode, Delano,
Dewecsc, Dixon, Eggleston, Ferriss. Ferry. Fields,
Fox, Getz, Golladay, Grover, Hawkins, Higby, Hill,
Holman, Chester D. Hubbard, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Kelsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loughridge, McCormick, Mercur, Moore,
Mullins, Niblack, Roots, Ross, Sehenek, Scofield.
Stevens, Stewart, Taylor, Upson, Van Auken, Burt
Van Horn. Ward, Wood, and Woodward—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, All.son, Ames,
Anderson, Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bainum, Bingham, Blaine,
Boles, Bowen, Bayer, Brooks, Cake, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Dawes. Dockery, Dodge, Dnggs, Edwards,
Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, French, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Griswold, Ilaughey, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Julian, Ketcham,
Ivnott, Lash, Lincoln, Loan, Mallory, Marvin, Me-
Cullough, Morrissey, Newcomb, Nicholson, N orris,
Nunn. Paine, Perham, Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike,
Pile, Polsiey, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Robinson,
Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Smith, Stone,
Sypher, Tift, John Trimble, Laurence S. Trimble,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Trump
Van Wyck, Vidal, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James F.
Mriison, John T. Wilson, and Woodbndge—86.
So the amendments were agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notifyingthe House
that that body had, by atwo-thirdsvote, adopted
the report of the committee of conference on
Senate joint resolution No. 8, proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
deficiency bill—-again.
The next amendment of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on which
a separate vote was asked by Mr. Scofield,
was read as follows:
For supplying deficiency in the compensation of
register and receiver in the land office in Boise City,
Idaho Territory, office rent and purchasing furni-
ture, $6,324.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the Delegate
from Idaho to make an explanation of this
amendment, as it was adopted on his motion.
Mr. HOLBROOK. Mr. Speaker, I think I
have afforded ample explanation when I state
that these registers and receivers of land offices
receive only $500 per annum, when clerks
here who work only six hours out of the twelve
ask to have their pay increased twenty per
cent, when they now get from twelve to twenty-
five hundred dollars a year. This also pro-
vides for furniture and office rent ordered three
years ago by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
I can state to the House that this money was
advanced by the register and receiver in the
Territory over three years ago, and the Coni-
missioner of the General Land Office asked for
an appropriation to reimburse them for that ex-
penditure. The Committee on the Public Lands
reported a bill providing not only for the reim-
bursement of these officers but for an increase
of their salary to at least the amount that our
clerks in the Departments are paid. There was
an amendment attached to the bill, however,
andthatamendmentdefeated it. The Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, as I am informed, have
thoroughly considered tie matter,and are unan-
imous in favor of the amendment in its present
form. I trust no member of the House will
vote against the refunding of the money to the
register and receiver.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will ask the House to
vote down the amendment, in the first place,
because it is not a deficiency at all. The
expenditure, if it ever occurred—and I sup-
pose it did—was made without any authority
of law, end it is therefore a claim upon the
Government, perhaps a just one; I will not
say how that is. Now, if the Delegate from
Dakota had desired it should be put in any
appropriation bill he should have brought it
to the attention of the Committee on Appro-
priations, and given them an opportunity to
examine it carefully and see whether it was
just and in accordance with law. They had
authority to put it in any bill, and they might,
if they found it right, have put it in the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill, which is now in
Committee of the Whole. But they have
made no examination of it and know nothing
of its merits except what the gentleman who
advocates it states about it. Hs says it was
once rejected for reasons he gives. He says
another committee have approved it. Of all
that the Committee on Appropriations were
ignorant. It was never brought to their atten-
tion in any way in the committee, though the
gentleman may have spoken to some gentle-
men on this floor about it. Therefore I ask
the House to let the claim go to some proper
committee for examination.
Mr. HOLBROOK If the gentleman will
allow me—I presume he does not intentionally
misrepresent my statement—I have not said it
was rejected by any committee. On the contrary
1 have stated that the Committee on the Public
Lauds examineditand have told me they agreed
in all respects that the report was correct and
that the money should have been refunded ;
and I would say to the gentleman that so far
as calling the attention of the Committee on
Appropriations to it was concerned it was a
matter to which the attention of the House was
called by theCommis^ioner of Public Lands, and
it was referred by the House to the Committee
on the Public Lands. That committee made a
report a year ago and asked for its adoption.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know if
there is any requisition from the Interior De-
partment for this appropriation.
Mr. HOLBROOK. A letter was read from
the Commissioner of Public Lands to-day in
the House stating that the parties had not re-
ceived the payment they anticipated, and that
there were claims in his department for the
money which they advanced, and he asked the
House to take action upon the matter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Of course the gentleman
does not suppose that I intentionally misrep-
resented him, and I do not think I misrepre-
sented him at all. Now, he says the claim was
defeated two years ago because there was
some proviso attached to it. For some reason
which he cannot explain that defeated it.
Mr. HOLBROOK. An amendment was put
on about some deficiency in the South, from
New Orleans, that no member seemed to know
anything about.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Something which nobody
knew anything about was attached to it by way
of proviso, and it was defeated. All I have to
say about it is it is a claim and nota deficiency,
and we ought to run such things through the
regular channel as far as we can. It is a claim
only three years old to be sure, but still it is a
claim that ought to go. to . some committee
and that committee should be held responsible
for it.
The question being put on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee, there were—*
ayes 60, noes 52.
Mr. BENTON demanded tellers. Tellers
were ordered: and the Chair appointed Messrs.
Benton and Higby.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted. .
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, on which a separate
vote was demanded by Mr. Spalding, was to
strike out the following paragraph:
For a sufficient amount to pay the regular salary
of the presentministerresidentatPortugal, and the
exchange thereon, from .July 1,186b, so long as the
same was withheld from him.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 68, not voting
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bailey, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Blackburn.Boutwell, Bromwell,
Buckland, Buck!ey, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Corley,
Dickey, Eckley, Ela, Ferriss, Fields, French, Gravely,
Hamilton, Higby, Hill, Chester D. Hubbard, Inger-
soll, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelsey, Kitchen,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Loughridge. Mallory,
Maynard,McKee, Moore, Moorhead, Mullins, News-
l ham, Orth, Plants, Price, Raum, Roots, Sawyer,
I Schenck. Selye, Shanks, Starkweather, Stevens,
! Stoke?. Stover, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam.
Bun Van Horn,Ward,Henry B.Washburn, William
I B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, John T. Wilson,
1 and Windom—67.
XAYS—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Baker, Banks,
Beaman, Beck, Blair, Boyden, Brooks, Broomall,
Burr, Caiy, Churchill, Covodc, Cullom, Dawes, Del-
ano, Deweese, Dixon, Donnelly, Eldridge, Thomas D.
Eliot, James 1\ Elliott, Ferry, Fox, Getz, Golladay,
Grover, Halscy, Hawkins, Heaton, Holman, Hoteh-
kisb, Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Jeuckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, George V. Law-
rence, Lynch, Marshall, McCarthy, McCormiek,
' Miller, Mori ell, Mungen, Myers, Niblack, O'Neill,
Peters, Poland, Robertson, Robinson, Ross, Scofield,
Taber, Taylor. Thomas, Twichell, Van Auken, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, James F. Wilson, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Anderson,
Archer, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin, Barnes,
Barnum, Bingham, Blaine, Boles, Bowen, Bover,
Cake, Callis, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Clift, Cor-
nell. Dockery, Dodge, Dnggs, Edwards, Eggleston,
Farnsworth, Garfield, Glossbrenner; Goss, Gove,
Griswold, Haight, Harding,.Haugbey, Hooper, Hop-
kins, Asahel W.Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Judd,
Kelley, Kellogg, Knott, Lafiin.Lash, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan, Marvin, McCullough, Mercur, Morrissey,
Newcomb, Nicholson, Norris, Nunn, Paine, Perham,
Pettis, Phelps, Pierce, Pike, Pile, Polsley, Pomeroy,
Prince, Pruyn, Randall, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves,
Smith. Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Sypher, Taffe, Tift,
John Trimble, Lawrence S, Trimble. Robert T. Van
Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Vidal, Ehhu B.
Washburne, Thomas Williams, William Williams,
Stephen 1\ Wilson, and Woodbridge—87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
All the amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having been disposed of the bill was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time)
j and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
j the third time.
Mr. BURR demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
contested election louisiana.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to question of privilege.
I call up the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions in the contested-election case from the
second congressional district of Louisiana. Be-
