864
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februaty 4,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr.. President-, I Send to,
the Chair an amendment which I shall propose
to the report of the Committee cm the Judi-
ciary in due time, and I ask tiuu it be read for
information.
The- Ghjsef Clerk. The amendment now
submitted proposes to strike out all after the
words "article fifteen" and insert;
Congress shall have power to abolish or modify
any restrictions upon the right to vote pr hold office
proscribed by the constitution or laws of any State.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President,.! propose
briefly to discuss the merits of this amendment
which I have submitted,* bat I should prefer,
if it should sait itjlje Senate, to go on to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will yield to me, I will ask the Senate to take
Tip a bill reported from the Committee on Ap-
propriations yesterday. It will not occupy
more than a few minutes at most, which is to
make an appropriation to pay the clerks in the
Patent Office for the last month and the pres-
ent. It is House bill No. 1809.
The PRESIDENT pro iempore. The prop-
osition is to pass over the special order in-
formally for the purpose of taking up that bill.
Does any Senator object? No objection being
made, the bill is before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask to have printed an
amendment which I intend to propose to the
pending resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the amendment of the Consti-
tution, as a substitute for the first section.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
■Mr. POOL submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 402) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States; which
was ordered to be printed.
PATENT OffFICK EXPENSES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
to-morrow take a recess from half-past four
until seven o'clock, for the purpose of con-
sidering, in the evening, Villa from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The P It ES1D E N T pro tempore. That m otion
will be put if there be ao objection.
Mr. S I'EWART. I object. There are very
strong reasons why it should not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then 1 call for
the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(II. K. No. 1809) making appropriations for
the payment of salaries and contingent ex-
penses of the Patent Office for January and
February, I860, is now before the Senate as in
Commiltee of the Whole.
The hill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate $51,766 for the payment of the salaries
of the officers and empIoy6s of the Patent
Office, and for the ordinary contingent ex-
penses of that office for the months of Janu-
ary and February, 1869.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS LAWSON.
Mr. HOWE. I now ask that the Senate con-
sider Senate bill No. 047—a private bill, and a
very short, one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider the bill mentioned by him. Does
any Senator object.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
647) for the relief of the heirs of the late Thomas
Lawson, deceased, was read the second time
ana considered as in Committee of the Whole.
r'?T'i>pose3 *° aPpropriate to the heirs-at-law
ot 1 nomas Lawson, deceased, $4,595, being
the amount ot rent due to them from the Uni-
ted States under a lease Made in the month of
1°\ use a?d occupation of
house Iso. 223 4nd tots tiumWred 7 ft Q 10
13, 14, 15, and part of lot numbly K
square numbered 169, inrthe city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia. ■-
The bill .was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senate should
know something about this.
Mr. HOWE. This property in 1861 was
leased to the War Department for a certain
stipulated sum.; there was a written lease. It
is so long, since I have seen the papers that I
do not remember the case fully; it was reported
at the last session, and,I have forgotten the
precise sum named in the lease. After hold-
ing the property for a short time and paying
the-stipulated rent, for some reason or other
an order was make to reduce the rent arbitra-
rily,the Department still occupying the whole
property. ■ The heirs commenced trying to get
the War Office to release the property. They
would not release it, but continued to occupy
it and still occupy it; but a year and a half or
two years ago they put the rent back to the
price stipulated in the lease, and this bill is
to pay the heirs the rent which is stipulated in
the lease during the time that the Department
reduced the rent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the money due on a
written lease made with a loyal party?
Mr. HOWE. It was made with loyal par-
ties ; at least, I have never heard any objection
to their loyalty. They are the parties the War
Department contracted with.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Why was it suspended?
Mr. HOWE. They thought the stipulated
rent too high. That was the only reason they
ever assigned.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (0. R. No. 1864) for the repeal of
tonnage duties on Spanish vessels; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 407) for the
reliet of Frederick Schley.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD, from the joint select Com-
mittee on Ordnance reported a bill (8. No.
889) for the relief of Horatio Ames ; which
was read and passed to a second reading; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. 11. No. 1864) for the repeal of
tonuage duties on Spanish vessels was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 407) for the
relief of Frederick Schley was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
EEC ESS.
Mr. WHYTE. I move the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that and let me move for an execu-
tive session, in order to have certain documents
printed ; that is all. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WHYTE. I do not withdraw the mo-
tion, but I change it. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. That is the order already.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. No recess
has been ordered.
Mr. WHYTE. I understand that a meeting
has been ordered for seven and a half o'clock
by resolution adopted yesterday.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Seven.
Mr. WHYTE. I move that the Senate now
take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
took a recess till seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.-
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p. m.
PUEBLO OF SANTA ANA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1343.
The motion Was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1343) to confirm
the title to certain land to the pueblo of Santa
Afia, in the Territory of New Mexico. It pro-
poses to confirm the lands claimed by and
belonging to the p'aeblo of Santa Ana, in the
Territory of New Mexico, lying upon the Jer-
nez or Santa Afia river, and not exceeding four
square leagues in extent, as reported by the
surveyor general of the Territory in his report
to the Secretary of the Interior of January 5,
1867; and the Commissioner of the General
Laud Office is to issue the necessary instruc-
tions for the survey of the claim, and upon the
return and filing in his office of the survey and
plat he is to issue a patent therefor. The con-
firmation is, however, only to be construed as a
relinquishment of titlo on the part of the Uni-
ted States, and not to affect any adverse, valid
right, should any exist.
"Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose I ought to state
in a few words the nature of this case. It is a
bill to confirm to the pueblo of Santa Ana, in
the Territory of New Mexico, four leagues of
'land. It appears that long ago a grant was
made to that pueblo by the Mexican Govern-
ment., and the surveyor general of New Mex-
ico, in his report of September 30,1855, under
the act of 1854 authorizing him to examine
into these titles, states that the grant was a
food and valid one, and ought to be confirmed.
'he Commissioner of the General Land Office
approves of that report, and recommends the
confirmation of this title. It stands upon the
same footing with the other pueblos that were
confirmed in New Mexico bytheact of Decem-
ber 22, 1858. Some twenty or thirty of the
pueblos were confirmed by that act, and this
one of Santa Afia was omitted for some reason.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any other party
contesting it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No party contesting it
at all. This is simply confirming to the town
for the benefit of the inhabitants this tract
upon which the town is situated. It simply
amounts to a relinquishment, a quit claim deed
on the part of the Government to the pueblo.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1344.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1344) to confirm certain private land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to confirm private land claims num-
bered 41, 42, 44, 46, and 47, Territory of New
Mexico, as known and designated by these
numbers in the reports of the surveyor general
of the Territory and on the books of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office ; but this
confirmation is only to be construed as a quit-
claim on relinquishment of all title or claim on
the part of the United States to any of the lands
embraced in either of the claims, and is not to
affect the adverse rights of any person or per-
sons to the same, or any part or parcel thereof.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
is, without unreasonable delay, to cause the
lands embraced in these several claims to be
Surveyed and platted at the proper expense of
the claimants thereof, and upon the filing of
the surveys and plats in his office he is to issue
patents for the lands in the Territory which
have heretofore been confirmed by acts of Con-
gress^ and surveyed, and plats of such survey
filed in his office, but for which no patents have
