m®
18® £ON*GRESSIOttAL GLOB®.
February 26,
fore making. any statement of the case I desire
to ask tttat the three claimants of the seat be
allowed to address the House, while the caseis
tmder consideration under the rules of the
Boose.
Mr. HIGBY. J object.
j?ay of contestants.
Mr. UPSON. I yield for a moment to the
chairman of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state to the House
that some days ago the House passed a resolu-
tion directing payment out of the contingent
fund of the House of the sum of $2,500 to John
D. Young. The Committee on Accounts find
on examining the law that that resolution was
not drawn in conformity to law and that it
requires the sanction of the Committee on
Accounts. I have therefore drawn another
resolution in conformity with the requirements
of the law, and in thatTesolution I have also
inserted the name of John A. Wimpy, of Geor-
gia. The Georgia case it is apprehended, in
the present condition of the business of the
House, cannot be decided upon its merits, as
the House is awaiting the action of the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and it is impossible
at the present period of the session to expect
action on tbe report of the Committee of Elec-
tions. I therefore treat the case precisely as
if it were finished, and ask the House to adopt
the resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution at this time and I call
for the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. I have myself no particular
interest in this matter. Bat it does seem to
me that it is but an act of justice to those par-
ties who came here in good faith with their
claims and prosecuted them according to law.
Mr. HIGBY. Was not this Mr. Young re-
jected by the House on account of being a
rebel?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of intro-
ducing the resolution to which he has referred.
Mr. DAWES. I will not move to suspend
the rales because I have no personal interest
in this matter.
cuban independence.
Mr. CULLOM. Iask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for reference only.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Lei it be read so that
we may know what it is.
The joint resolution was read. It declares
that the Congress and the people of the United
States are not indifferent to the struggle for
national independence and emancipation in
the Island of Cuba, which has been so long
delayed by the exercise of European monarchi-
cal power and the influence of African slavery,
but which has now begun under auspices fa-
vorable to American interests and universal
freedom.
No objection was made.
Accordingly the joint resolution (H. R. No.
467) in relation to the struggle now going on in
the Island of Cuba was introduced, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. 1ROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. Iask unanimous consent that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs be author-
ized to report upon this resolution at any time.
Objection was made by several members.
ordnance investigation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to be allowed to submit a report from the joint
select Committee on Ordnance.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bexjamxn] has called for the reg-
ular order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw that call for
the purpose mentioned by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schesck.]
I renew the call for the
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
regular order.
contested election louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for the House now resumes the consid-
eration of the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions upon the contested-election cases from
the second congressional district of Louisiana.
Mr. UPSON. This is a double case. One
is a contest for the original seat held by Mr.
Mann, who died after being admitted. The
other is a contest in relation to the unexpired
term, for which there are two claimants. I
will first call up the original case of Jones vs.
Mann; and I ask that Mr. Jones be allowed
to address the House on the subject under
the rules of the House.
Mr. HIGBY. I object to his speaking; but
I have no objection to allowing him to print
his remarks in the Globe.
Mr. UPSON. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That Simon Jones, not having received
a majority of the votes east for Representative in
this House from the second congressional district of
Louisiana, is not entitled to a seat therein as sueh
Representative.
Mr. BLACKBURN. Will the gentleman
yield to me to offer a substitute for the resolu-
tion which has just been read?
Mr. UPSON. I will let the substitute be
offered.
Mr. BLACKBURN. I offer the following
resolution as a substitute for the one reported
from the committee:
Revolved, That Simon Jones is entitled to a seat on
this floor as a member of the Fortieth Congress from
the second congressional district of tho State of
Louisiana, and that he be now sworn in.
Mr. UPSON. I have permitted this amend-
ment to be offered by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Blackburn*,] as I understand
the contestant desires to be heard before the
House. But I will state that the Committee
of Elections were unanimous in their report
against his claim. Were it not that the con-
testant desires to address the House on his
claim, I should feel myself justified, in the
present condition of the business of the House,
in calling the previous question after making a
brief statement of the case.
Unless it is desired by the House to proceed
with this case this evening, I will let it go over
until to-morrow. If it is the desire of the
House to proceed with its consideration now,
of course I must go on with my statement of
the ease.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
yield I will submit a motion that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. UPSON. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and on a division
there were—ayes sixty seven, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at ten o'clock and five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petitions of C. F.
Flint and 162 others, of A. H. Allen and 115
others, of J. L. Rice and 37 others, R. T.
Buck and 21 others, and Emma Southwick and
13 others, of Sturbridge, Mendon, Brookfield,
Millbury, and Millville, Massachusetts, that
the right of women to vote may be established
everywherewithinthejurisdiction of the United
States.
By Mr. GRAVELY: A petition of citizens
of Greene, Dade, and Newton counties, Mis-
souri, praying a daily line of mails from Spring-
field, Missouri, to Fort Scott, Kansas.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of John
Douglass and 38 others, inhabitants of Peoria,
New York, for an amendment of the Consti-
tution.
Also, the petition of James McNab and 27
others, inhabitants of the towns of York and
Caledonia, New York, for an amendment of
the Constitution.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A
petition from citizens of Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, asking for a change in the Con-
stitution of the United States so that God and
His Son Jesus Christ may be more fully recog-
nized as the ruler of the nation.
By Mr. MILLER: Three petitions of sun-
dry persons, asking for an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States by inserting
therein that the people humbly acknowledge
Almighty God as the source of all authority in
civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the
ruler among the nations, and His revealed will
as the supreme authority in order to constitute
a Christian government.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania : The
petition of William Tate and 22 others, citi-
zens of Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying
for such an amendment of the Constitution as
shall recognize Almighty God as the source of
all authority in civil government.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 26, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I submit the following re-
port from the conference committee on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
naval appropriation bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing:
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (H. E. No. 1599) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1870, hav-
ing met, after full and free conterence have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 1, 12,13,14,15, and 16,
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to theamendments of the Senate
numbered 8, 9, 17, 18, 20, and 26, and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out said amendment and insert in lieu the following
words: "two million five hundred thousand."
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to tbe twenty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: inlineeleven of said amend-
ment strike out the word "sixteen"andinsertin lieu
the word "fourteen; " and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to thesamewith the lollowing amendment: in
line five of said amendment strike out the words
" as authorized," and insert in lieu the following
words, "and of any other act authorizing;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
J. W. GRIMES,
J. W. NYE.
T. A. HENDRICKS.
Manage} s on the pari of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
ClIARLEd E. PHELPS,
Managers on the vart of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I have
any objection to the report of the conference
committee. It is perfectly understood, I im-
agine, by all the Senate. It is merely an illus-
tration of how bills from conference committees
are passed in this body. I presume that mem-
bers understand it. I do not profess to do so,
and do not know anything about it. Of course
I do not object.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator desires any
information about it I think I am able to give
it to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice an item of
$2,000,000 in it. I presume it is all correct.
Mr. GRIMES. There were very few disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses on this bill.
The first one was in regard to the navy-yard at
Charlestown, in Massachusetts. The House of
Representatives allowed $100,000 to that navy-
yard ; and the Senate reduced it to $50,000
upon no particular reason that I know of except
that other navy-yards were fixed at $50,000,
and the Committee on Appropriations recom-
