1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
heretofore been issued. All surveys thus au-
thorized are to conform to and be connected
with the public surveys of the United States in
the Territory, so far as the same can be done
consistently with the landmarks and bounda-
ries specified in the several grants upon which
the claims are founded. When the lands are
so confirmed, surveyed, and patented they shall
in each case be held and taken, to be in full
satisfaction of all further claims of demands
against the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a report on this
bill?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have a lengthy report
here in reference to these claims. I think it is
hardly necessary that time should be consumed
in reading the report. I will simply say that
a law was passed in 1854 authorizing the sur-
veyor general of New Mexico to issue notices,
examine witnesses, admister oaths, and do and
perform all other necessary acts to ascertain
the validity of the Mexican land claims in that
Territory. Under that act the persons making
these claims appeared before him, and he ex-
amined the evidence in reference to them, and
decided that these particular claims were good
and valid claims. Many were rejected because
they were not made in conformity with law, or
because there was no.t sufficient evidence to
sustain them, but the surveyor general recom-
mended the confirmation of these particular
claims, and he set forth in his report the evi-
dence substantially upon which the claims were
-allowed; and the evidence is embodied in this
report. The evidence amounts to about this:
that these persons many years ago obtained
grants from the Mexican Government and they
went into possession of the lands ; some of
them have been in possession of these identical
lands for a great length of time; others have
been expelled from possession by hostile In-
dians. The surveyor general finds that the
grant was perfect to these particular claims,
the confirmation of which he recommends, and
it is the opinion of the committee that these
claims are sustained by the evidence that is
submitted by the surveyor general, and that
there is no reason why they should not be con-
firmed. There are no adverse claims made
known to the committee or to the surveyor
general, but if there are any, the bill expressly
saves all adverse claims. The bill is simply a
relinquishment of the title of the United States
to these persons, saving and reserving to all
others any adverse claims they may have.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator whether the committee had examined
these claims to see whether there are any im-
provements belonging to the United States on
the land.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no evidence of
any improvements on these claims belonging
to the United States. There is no claim of that
kind ; and I presume it is not so for the reason
that these persons have either been in the con
tinued possession of these claims for a great
number of years or recently they have been in
the possession of hostile Indians. There is
no pretense that any of these claims ijrere ever
at any time in possession of the Government
or claimed by the Government.
Mr. HARLAN. My reason for making this
inquiry is that a point on the Colorado river
known as the Bosque Redondo, on which the
Nevajo Indians were at one time, has been im-
proved at great expense by the United States;
and I have understood that that falls on some
one of these Mexican private land claims ; that
is, that some private party has set up a right
to the entire tract on which the improvements
were situated. I do not know that that is
included in this list.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is nothing of that
kind embraced in these claims. I assure the
Senator that there is no evidence before the
committee of that nature, and I presume there
is nothing of the kind.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. You can put in a clause
to protect the reservations.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a clause in the
hill that saves and excepts all adverse claims.
40tii Cong. 3d ;Skss.—No. 55.
Mrs TRUMBULL. That would uot save
the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. But if there was any
claim on behalf of the United States it would
certainly have been made known, for this re-
port of the surveyor was made as long ago as
1860. , The cases have been lying here ne-
glected ever since.
_. Mr. EDMUNDS. But there may have been
improvements in the mean time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are no improve-
ments. There is no evidence of that nature ;
no claim of that kind, no evidence of that sort
made known to the surveyor general or to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
or to either committee of Congress. These
claims wore before the committee of the House
and were carefully and elaborately examined
by that committee ; aud it appears to me that
if there had been any claim of the kind now
suggested it would have been made known to
somebody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whereabouts do these
claims lie ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. In New Mexico.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Near what town?
Mr. WILLIAMS. One of them is near
Santa F6.
"Claim No. 41 in tho report of the surveyor gene-
ral aforesaid is the grant to Don Pablo Montoya.
" It appears thai, Montoya, at Santa Fe, on thoSth
of November, 1824, mnclo application to tho terri-
torial deputation of New Mexico ' for a grant of
lands therein described, and that said ' deputation
in public session, on thclUtlidayof November afore-
said, in conformity with tho prayer of such applica-
tion and the laws and customs of said republic, re-
solved ' that tho same be granted to him under the
conditions heretofore imposed upon other persons
receiving grants upon tho frontiers of tho Indian
tribes.'
" That said Montoya took possession of said lands
undoi his grant and continued in such possession
some fifteen years and until the timo of his death;
that after his death his children, to whom the same
descended, retained such possession until driven
from it by tho hostility of the Indians.
"This grant was investigated by the surveyor gen-
eral under the act of Congress horetoforo recited, and
on the 20th of November, 1860, ho roportcd his action
in tho premises, and'to the fullest extent recom-
mends its final confirmation by Congress.'"
So with reference to the other claims.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the amount of
laud included in these claims'?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not exceeding eleven
leagues.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the whole number?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; in each claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many claims are
there?
Mr. WILLIAMS. There are five claims con-
firmed by this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not to exceed eleven
leagues square, or eleven square leagues do
you mean ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Eleven square leagues
There was a law passed by Mexico in 182!
which provided that—
"One single person can only receive a square league
of land of five thousand vara* dp reo'idic, four of
superficies for temporal use, and six for pasturage.
(See Schmit's "Civil Law ot Spain and Mexico," page
3-15.) " This decree, aswiil bo seen, limits the amount
of public lands to be granted to asinglo individual
to the areal extent of eleven square leagues.'
Of course it cannot be ascertained what is
the exact amount embraced within these claims
until they are surveyed; but they are not to
exceed that amount, which is the amount lim-
ited by the Mexican law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Running my eye over this
bill I am not able to see the limitation that my
friend from Oregon speaks of as to the size.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Mexican law limits
the size of the grants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is nothing in the
bill, so far as I can see, which shows how much
land is embraced within these confirmations,
or which makes any limitation at all. The
claims are confirmed; but what the extent of
the claims may be does not appear, unless it
may appear in the report.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Mexican law, under
which these grants were made, restricted the
quantity to eleven square leagues. That I
suppose would limit the extent of the grant.
Mr. EDMUNDS.- That is ninety-nine square
miles. . . ■ -
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest to the hon-
orable chairman of the Oomroittee on Private
Land Claims whether/ it would not be 'well,
as this probably embraces a very large quan-
tity of land, to let the bill go .over m- order
that inquiry may he made at ;the General
Land Office in relation to the" amount to be
conveyed. I know that the title of a party
Ought not to tarn on the quantity of land, bat
where there is a very large quantity of .land
conveyed the temptation would be large to
manufacture evidence; and as this evidence
has all been taken ex parte by an executive
officer of the Government and probably aiot
subjected to very strict judicial rules, we may
fairly conclude that there has been some lati-
tude given. It might be well to know how
much land is being conveyed by this bill. I
suggest that the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is useless to postpone
the bill for aDy such purpose., I presume,the
honorable Senator knows that it is impossible
to ascertain how much land any particular
Spanish or Mexican grant conveyed until it is
surveyed. These grants are made and defined
by certain fixed boundaries ; and the bill pro-
poses to confirm the grant for the purpose of
having it surveyed, and the survey must be
confined to those boundaries, or, under the
Mexican law, it can only embrace eleven square
leagues. To put off the bill fot any such pur-
pose would be to put it off without any ad-
vantage to anybody. I can say to the Senator
that this subject has been before the Comrisis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and'has
been on his books for a long time, and that
numerous Mexican claims of this description
have been confirmed by Congress. It has been
the uniform practice ; and there are these few
claims left out of a great number reported
by the surveyor general of New Mexico that
have hitherto been confirmed. These few have
been left to lie along without much attention
because the person interested did not use that
diligence which some others did to have their
claims brought to the attention of Congress,
This is simply a proceeding in accordance with
the practice of Congress in reference to such
claims. No other method can be devised by
which the correctness of the claims can be
ascertained. Congress authorized the sur-
veyor general by an act passed in 1854 to ex*
amine all these claims. He reports that he
has examined as to these particular claims,
with many others which have been hitherto
reported to Congress and confirmed, and he
says that these claims, as well as those others
that Congress has sanctioned, ought to be con-
firmed ; and that report is on file with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
the substance of the evidence which accom-
panies his report is embodied here in the re-
port of the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Oregon if there is a sufficiently
certain description of the grant; if the bound-
aries are so certain as that a survey can be
satisfactorily made?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have not the descrip-
tions here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that were the case
the question of quantity would not be very
important. . .
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are embraced witnm
the surveyor general's report. I have not
that report at hand, so that I cannot answer
the question definitely.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, I will ask the
Senator whether the report of the surveyor
general accurately describes the grant?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am not able to answer
how accurate the description is in the surveyor
general's report. The report states certain
boundaries, but whether the report gives an
accurate description of each grant or not I do
not know,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should think there
would be some little hazard in passing t|ie bill
