1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mended the Senate to put that at the same
sura. But after a conference with the admiral
in charge of the Bureau of Docks and Yards it
was discovered that this additional $50,000 was
asked for specially to keep in repair the dry-
dock at that yard ; there being only two dry-
docks in all the navy-yards of the U nited States,
and this one was getting exceedingly out of
repair. The Senate committee of conference
agreed with the House of Representatives in
restoring the sum to §100,000.
The next disagreeing vote was that in regard
to preparing maps and charts for navigation
purposes. The House recede from their prop-
osition.
The next was in regard to the professors at
the Naval Academy. The House recede from
their amendment in regard to them.
The next was in regard to three aids at the
Observatory. The Senate had amended that
proposition. There had been four aids allowed
to the Naval Academy. The Senate changed
the habit of allowing those four aids and cre-
ated three assistant astronomers. The House
objected to that, and the proposition goes back
to tiie condition it has been in for several
years.
The next was in regard to an appropriation
of $5,000 for observing the eclipse of the sun.
I nQ I—i nil c /-i n r] vtt !*-!-  J-1-. C * l * .
1617
The House agreed with the Senate that it is
important to the country and to science that
we should send some astronomers for that
purpose.
The next was in regard to erecting a small
building in which to mount the transit circle
at the Naval Academy. The House agreed
with the Senate in their proposition in that
regard.
Ihe next, the twentieth amendment, was in
regard to the officer in charge of gunnery at
the Washington navy-yard. Several years ago,
when Admiral Dahlgren was a lieutenant, in
consideration of his having invented a gun and
taking no patent for it, he being at that time
stationed at the Washington navy-yard in
charge of gunnery experiments, Congress de-
clared that the officer in charge of that busi-
ness employed in that way should have the
sea-pay of the grade next above him ; and the
officer who has been his successor has since
been drawing that pay. The Senate proposed
to repeal that law and to allow the officer in
charge of gunnery experiments in the navy-
yard at Washington to have the same pay as
any other officer performing similar duty at
any other yard ; and the House agree to that
proposition.
The next is in regard to the $2,500,000
which the Senator spoke about. The House
reduced the estimates for keeping vessels afloat
and ashore in repair, in fact for the support of
naval vessels, from $3,780,000 to $2,000,000.
The Senate raised it to $3,000,000, $780,000
less than the estimate. The committee of con-
ference agreed to $2,500,000, $500,000 less
than the Senate agreed to, and' §500,000 more
than the House agreed to. I hope that meets
the approbation ot the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does; but I should
have preferred to leave it at $2,000,000.
Mr. GRIMES. The next amendment was
in regard to the clerk at the Naval Academy,
who, under the law, was entitled to $1,200,
a year, although there has been $1,600 appro-
priated for his salary for some years. We were
obliged to compromise with the committee of
conference on the part of the House and take
$1,400.
The next amendment was in regard to the
apprentices who were authorized by law to
be appointed by the President of the United
States to the Naval Academy. The House
concurred with the Senate in their amendment
m that regard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does that leave
those apprentices ?
Mr. GRIMES. It strikes them off.
_ I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
40th Coxo. 3d Sess.—No. 102,
FOSTER AND TOWER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
Mr. NYE. As there seem to be no petitions
and memorials I am charged with a very little
bill here for the relief of Foster & Tower,
which I desire to put on its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to introduce some
petitions and bills.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. TheSenator
from Nevada asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the bill indicated by him at
this time.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. Objection
being made it goes over.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator give way for
one minute. ^ It will not take a minute to pass
this bill. It is a matter that has been placed
in my hands and T desire very much to get rid
of it. It is merely to correct an error, and it
will not take a moment to pass it.
Mr. POMEROY. If it will lead to no dis-
cussion I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. NYE. There will be none at all.
By unanimous consent the Senate^ as in I
Committee of the W hole, proceeded to consider
the^ bill (II. R. 1960) for the relief of Foster
& Tower. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to allow to Messrs. Foster & Tower, of
New "iork, out of the appropriation for yards
and docks, the sum of $2,251, for difference in
cost of crucibles furnished by them to the navy-
yard at New York under contract, in which the
price of the crucibles was erroneously stated
at five cents each.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
pay of southern sexatoks.
_ Mr. MORTON. I move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution in regard to the pay
of Senators from the reconstructed States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that motion—I
do not wish to interfere with the Senator—1
desire to make a report on a matter of public
interest.
Mr. MORTON. I will give way for reports
as soon as the resolution is taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the regular busi-
ness ought to be gone through with in the
ordinary way before taking up" anything else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the res-
olution ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will wait until the Sen-
ator gets it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the resolution with
regard to the pay of Senators from the recon-
structed States. Does any Senator object?
Mr. DAVIS. I shall object unless we are
allowed to make reports.
Mr. MORTON. I shall give way to the
morning business as soon as it is taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I now give way to morn-
ing business.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the New York Agricultural So-
ciety, in favor of abolishing the duty on animals
imported from foreign countries for breeding
purposes ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. ABBOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, in favor of the
reestablishmentofthe branch mintat Charlotte,
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Kansas, residents of the Solomon val-
ley, praying that a military post be established
at Asher creek, in that valley, for their protec-
tion against the Indians ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. '■
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee oh El-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1744) to strengthen the public credit, and
relating to contracts for payment in coin, have
directed me to report it back with two amend-
ments. I desire to give notice that I shall call
this bill up to-morrow at one o'clock and ask
for a vote of the Senate upon it; and I shall
antagonize it with anything that is pending at
that time.
The same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 878) to encourage the building
of steamships in the United States, have, di-
rected me to report it back and ask to be dis-
charged on the ground that we have no time to
consider it, and we prefer to let it go over to
the next session without any recommendation.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on the
Library have had under consideration the
petition of Alexander Gardner, praying Con-
gress to purchase his collection of photograph
incidents of the war. The committee ask to
be discharged from the further consideration
of this petition, it being of the same nature as
the one presented a few days since by Mr.
Brady, because there is not sufficient time for
Congress to consider it.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. MORGAN. The same committee have
had under consideration the petition of the
Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, praying
the passage of a law for the protection of copy-
rights for works of art; and for the same rea-
son ask to be discharged from that petition.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committer,
to whom was referred the resolution of the
House of Representatives in relation to the
adoption of the phonetic system of spelling into
general use in schools and general literature,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 707) granting lands to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in the construction of a break-
water and harbor and ship-canal at the head
of Sturgeon bay, in the county of Door in said
State, to connect the waters of Green bay and
Lake Michigan in said State, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Margaret Riddle, submitted a report thereon
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 975) for the bene-
fit of Margaret Riddle, widow and executrix
of George Read Riddle, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
William S. Chapman, praying an extension of
his patent, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and moved that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers ; whieh was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Junius Boyle, commodore United
States Navy, praying to be restored on the
active list, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print
one thousand copies of the memorial of Miss
Clara Barton, praying for the passage of an
act for the purpose of remedying defects in the
existing laws in relation to the payment of
bounties, back pay, and pensions, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage without amendment. Although it
is not customary to print memorials, I do this
partly at the request of my friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] and partly as a just compliment
to a lady who has rendered distinguished ser-
vices to the Union cause both during the war
and since the war, and who in her treatment
of the sick, the dying, and the bereaved has
