THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
without knowing that. That is very much more
important, in my judgment, than any state-
ment of contents, because the contents would
yield to the description, anyhow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
my friend from Oregon whether this is- not
rather too large a elate to pass i if tbia way, and
whether he.will not consent to Have it go by.
Mr. WILLIAMS, If it is put over, of
course that amounts to the defeat of this bill.
That is manifest. The matter has been pend-
ing for six or eight years in the Land Office
and before Congress, and nobody has set np
any claim or objected to these confirmations.
Mr> MOIiRILL, of Vermont. I ask how
many'acres does the Senator suppose this
elaim will amount to ?
Mr.-WILLIAMS. I do.not know. I can
form no opinion on that subject.. The land
covered by many of these claims has been in
the possession of hostile Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A number
of hundreds of sections ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume so. These
Spanish and Mexican claims are. all very large.
Those are old claims made under the Mexican
Government,' . * • •
•Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggpstthat,
with not more than about a dozen Senators in
th« Chamber, it is hardly proper to pass such
a bill.
■Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask where these
claim's are located ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. In New Mexico.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What does the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office say?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 have not the repnrtof
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As to the quantity of
land that is covered by these grants, it is a
•matter of no importance at all in New Mexico;
and really the only important thing ia to know
that the grant is right. The lands there aver-
age a value of from one to three cents an acre.
The great body of the land in Now Mexico is
really not worth going to look after; and if
the chairman of tie committee is satisfied that
the claim has n proper basis, 1 shall certainly
vote for it, although it would b,e more satis-
factory if some descriptions were given so that
surveys could he located.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I can only state that I
can find fifty acts of Congress in reference to
Spanish and Mexican land claims, precisely in
this language, without defining any boundary.
Here 1 have before mo one act that confirms
twenty or thirty Mexican land claims in New
Mexico without any more definite description
than this bill contains, and this is the usual
proceeding upon that subject. Theonly inform-
ation we can have is that derived from the
surveyor general.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator do
these claims como up in the regular way from
the office of the surveyor general, under the
law that was passed ten or eleven years ago ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They do. Under the act
of 18o4 the surveyor general of New Mexico
proceeded to examine into the validity of these
claims. He took the testimony of witnesses,
and he reports to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office that these claims are good
atid genuine claims, and ought to be confirmed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does this bill confirm
them by the description or name that he adopts
in his report?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It confirms them as claims
numbered so and so, as described in the sur-
veyor general's report.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is that stated ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. You cannot incorporate
the description into the bill, but they are de-
scribed in the surveyor general's report. I
ask tiie Clerk to read that part of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. " That private land
claims N09. 41 42, 44, 46, and 47, in the Ter-
ntory of isew Mexico, as known and desig-
nated by the numbers aforesaid in the reports
of the surveyor general of said Territory and
on the books of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, be, and the same are hereby,
confirmed."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little afraid that
we hare not got all the information about this
hill that we ought to have, as we have not the
report of the surveyor general here before us
which the act of 18o4 required should be laid
before Congress. I dislike very "much to inter-
fere with my friend from Oregon, who I have
ho doubt believes sincerely that this is all right,
and I am sure that I do not know that it is not;
but it appears from the report of the House
committee which is laid before us that it is a
pretty large extent of land. A citation is made
from a Mexican decree by which no single in-
dividual is to be granted out of tkepubliclands
an areal extent of more than eleven square
leagues. That would be ninety nine square
miles, and I see in this report that claim No.
4G is a grant in the county of Valencia to thirty
citizens. If those thirty citizens had eleven
square leagues each, it would make a pretty
large town. We have not any guarantee, there-
fore, from this limitation of eleven square
leagues to each person how much of the public
land is being confirmed in this way, from the
fact that we do not know the number of per-
sons who are, named in these Mexican grants,
even supposing the grantees to have complied
with the Mexican law ; and as we have not the
report of the surveyor general before us, which
should contain the details of these claims (which
the report of the committee does not except
by general reference) we have not any means
of knowing how extensive or how important
those cases may be.
I rise, however, to move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word 11 land," in the
eleventh line, the words "not improved by or
on behalf of the United States;" so as to ex-
clude, as the Senator from Iowa suggested,
from these confirmations, for the time being,
any improvements that have been made by the
United States, or any person acting under their
authority. There may 'be military improve-
ments, there may be Indian agencies, there
may be surveyor generals' buildings, there may
be territorial buildings, we know not what;
and lienee I think it ought to be limited to
that, oven if it is to go through on this want
of information that we possess.
Mr. HARLAN. X would suggest the addi-
tional language, "and not including any mili-
tary or other reservation."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be well. I
have no objection to that.
The PRESS Dl£IS'T^>ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be thus modified.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in.
Tho amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third lime, and passed.
OREGON CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that tho Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 776.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 would ask the courtesy of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims to allow a bill to be taken
up at this moment of time, and passed; which
will occupy but a few minutes, and which is
important to the interests of the Government,
in reference to the St. Louis arsenal grounds.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is a public bill
it cannot be considered under the Order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed with the bill I have named. I presume
the Senator will have time hereafter to call an
his bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(S. No. 776) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad in California to Portland in
Oregon," approved July 25, 1856, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. Iwish to inquire of tho
Senator from Oregon where tho road men-
tioned in the bill runs ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
has not yet been read through. It will be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read the bill. It recites int
its preamble that the Legislature of the State
of Oregon'by-joint resolution adopted in Octo-
ber, 1868, designated the Oregon Central Rail-
road Company, a company whose articles of
incorporation were filed at Salem, Oregon, on
the 22d day of April, 1867, as the company to
take the lands and receive the benefits granted
by act of Congress to which this is amendatory;
and that at the time of such designation the
period of one year within which the assent of
such company was required to l>e filed had
already elapsed, and the company was there-
fore unable to comply with so much of the actas
required the filing of its assent thereto within
one year after its passage. The bill therefore
proposes to amend section six of the act of
July 25, 1866, so as to authorize the Oregon
Central Railroad Company to file its assent to
the act in the Department of the Interior withm
one year from the date of the passage of this
billand snch filing of its assent, if done
within one year from its passage, is to have the
same force and effect, to all intents and pur-
poses as if the-assent had been-filed within one
year after the passage of the act of 1866 ; but
this is not to.affect the rights or privileges of
any other eomDany tinder the act approved July
2-3, 1866.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting!
That section six of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in tho construction of a railroad and
telegraph lino from the Central Pacific railroad, in
California, to Portland, in .Oregon," approved July
25,1866, be. and tho satno is hereby, amended so a**
to allow any railroad company heretofore designated
by tho Legislature of the State of Oregon, in accord-
ance with the first section of said act, to filo its assent
to such act in the Department of the Interior within
one year from tho date of tho passage of this act
and such filing of its assent, if done within one yoav
from tho passage hereof, sliall have the same foioo
and effect to all intents and purposes as if such as-
sent had been tiled within one year after the passage
of said act.
Mr. HOWARD. I inquire of the honorable
Senator whether this is the Pacific branch road
in Oregon ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that in July,
1866, Congress passed an act to grant land
for the construction of a railroad from Sacra-
mento, or some point in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon, and this bill relates to that
land grant so far as Oregon is concerned. I
will make a brief statement of the grounds
upon which fhis bill is proposed to the Senate.
The act of 1866 provided, so far as the land
grant in Oregon was concerned, that it should
go to such company organized under the laws
of Oregon as the Legislature of the State
should thereafter designate. According to the
act., then, the railroad company was to take
this grant of land as provided by some desig-
nation of the Oregon Legislature. Two com-
panies were formed, locating their lines of road
on opposite sides of the Willamette river, par-
allel with each other. In October, I860,* the
Legislature of the State of Oregon undertook
to designate a company, but at that time the
company was not formed. Articles of asso-
ciation had been signed by a few persons.
After its designation other persons signed 1 he
articles of association and they were fiied ; but
it has been determined by the Secretary of the
Interior, and that seems to be the prevailing
opinion among legal gentlemen, that this desig*
nation made in 1866 was a void designation.
Subsequent to this time ihe Legislature as-
sembled, in 1808, and designated another com-
pany, called there the east side company. The
company that the Legislature undertook to des-
ignate in the first place was called the west side
company. The Legislature designated the east
