870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Senator, if this paper, be the same what it
might, was presented to the proper man at the
proper place for filing, the rights of the parties
depending upon filing ensue from that moment.
That is the evidence before us on this tele-
gram, and according to this remonstrance.
On the 10th day of October, 1806, four days
afterward, the Legislature of Oregon, pursuant
to the statute I have read, proceeded to desig-
nate these parties as the company entitled to
proceed under the statute. Some time after
that other persons associated themselves, filed
articles, took, according to this remonstrance,
three or four months to consider what they
would do, or whether they would do anything,
and then came forward asking a designation to
the end that they might have these lands.
The Secretary of the Interior said, the law
said, the fact said, that they were too late, that
they were strangers, that it was as impossible
for them legally to become the recipients of
these lands as if they had never organized at
all. Therefore the Central Railroad Company,
as it is called here, proceeded to expend, as
they say, $100,000, and to contract for the
building of one hundred and fifty miles of road.
Meanwhile, a year having run around, a sub-
sequent Legislature proceeded to repeal the
act of designation.
Now, sir, if the first designation was good,
the last action of the Legislature comes directly
under the operation of the inhibiting clause of
the Constitution of the United States, for they
were, 1 believe, within all the case, striking
at the obligations of an existing contract.
Mr. CORBET'!1. It was two years after.
Mr. CONKLING. Two years afterward,
the Senator snys. Very well. If, I say, the
designation had operated as a grant, a grant
is a contract within all the holdings ; and the
Constitution of the United States says that no
State shall pass a law impairing the obligation
of contracts. That, then, would be the foot-
ing of these parties thus far. What next?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope his construction
of the law is correct, but 1 am afraid he is
mistaken. So the Secretary of the Interior
decides; and I have never seen any legal gen-
tleman who has examined the question that
did not ngree with him in opinion. But sup-
pose the title was vested by that designation
in the first company, does this bill in any way
nffect their rights ?
Mr. CONKLING. Most assuredly—if the
Senator will allow ran to proceed—most assur-
edly it affects their rights, and most assuredly
it turns this body into a court adjudicating
upon the rights of these parties. So I under-
stand it, at any rate; and I will proceed to
argue so, and the Senator will have the argu-
ment for whatever it is worth. Will the Sen-
ator be kind enough to let mo take the letter
of the Secretary of the Interior which I saw a
few moments ago?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have
these papers read; 1 will send them to the
desk.
Mr. CONKLING. Not just now. I would
rather not have them read as a part of what I
am saying, because that would lead me to de-
tain the Senate much longer than I want to
do. The next step in this proceeding was that
the parties composing the second company
appeared before the Secretary of the Interior
and asked of him the designation. What did
he say? He said that they were too late, that
their lamps had not been trimmed in time, and
the door was closed against them. So the law
said. It is all plain so far. In the mean time
these second comers took the ground that the
central company did not exist at all. The
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] has had
letters read showing that the Secretary of the
Interior recognized it as a corporation, if that
was important, and received upon his own
requisition the acts of its board of directors.
These other parties said first that it waa void
a<> iniiio; it never had an inception; and sec-
ond, that if it was legally conceived, it lapsed
and failed, because on.the 21st day of Novem-
ber, 1866, the custodian of the articles of asso-
ciation allowed them to withdraw them in order
that additional names might be placed upon
them, and for that reason it had ceased to be
a corporation.
Now, Mr. President, you will see very quickly
that this raises simply a question of law. Of
that question the first element is whether they
were required to be a corporation by the act of
Congress, and upon that point this argument
of course would be made; the common law
prevails in Oregon except so far as it is in
derogation of the statutes of Oregon ; and at
common law, without any statute at all, these
parties could form a company, a company fill-
ing every requirement, as I understand, of that
designation. That word "company" is used
in the act of Congress, and if it should turn
out that they were not legally organized as a
corporation it would be a very grave question,
to say the least, whether they did not take
under the act as a joint stock company an
association just as well as if they had been
technically a corporation.
The next question would be whether their
organization was void because they had only
eight names upon their articles, the force of
which suggestion I do not see in the light of
the Senator's statement that the statutes of
Oregon require no specified number of names.
I understood him to say that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Three persons are required
to sign the articles.
Mr. CONKLING. At least three persons
must sign, as I understand the statute of Ore-
gon now to be. Then I do not see how it is
important that there were only eight. If there
had been four it would have been enough. If
there had been eighteen it would not have been
too many. But the next question would be
whether, by reason of having only eight—what-
ever may be the part that fact plays—this was
a void organization; and the third question
would be, assuming that it had a legal incep-
tion, whether it was vitiated by the fact that
the custodian of this paper allowed them to
withdraw it and add other names to it.
Mr. President, I do not want to express an
opinion on either of these questions. It is not
important that we should determine them here,
in my estimation. If it was important, taking
the last question first, I should venture to say,
with some degree of confidence, that a corpo-
ration was not dissolved orscquestered because
the person who had in his haud the paper evi-
dence of its formation allowed somebody to
carry it off. That would be a remarkable way
of winding up a corporation. Bnt, as I say, it
is not important to pass upon these questions ;
they are questions for the courts, not for the
Senate.
But again the Legislature of Oregon—this
being matter of record—designated this com-
pany as a corporation I will assume now for
the sake of this argument. Is there any law
in any country, with whoso jurisprudence we
are familiar, that a public act, not a private
act, a public act based upon information which
was matter of record and of which every sub-
ject of the realm lias constructive if not actual
notice, can be recalled and parties displaced
and their rights revoked because those who
voted for it were mistaken as to the existence
of a fact? I think that the honorable Senator
from Indiana well said that if the Legislature
of Oregon, using a corporate or an associate
name, designated these parties as the recipients
of this grant, it is not for some third party to
come in and say they were not an association
or a corporation pro hae vice. Possibly, when
they sue as a corporation, a plea setting up
their want of organization might avail him in
court; but how he could come in and say that
the act of the Legislature of Oregon is void
because they have chosen to treat these parties
as a corporation when they ai-e not it is not so
easy for me to see.
What, then, Mr. President, is the object of
this legislation ? One Senator says the parties
applying for it have no standing in court with-
out it. Why not? Another Senator says the
grant will lapse if there is no legislation in re-
gard to it; the State of Oregon will lose the
land. Certainly not. Upon any theory, when
these parties have contested judicially the ques-
tion and determined it, the Senator does not
doubt it will be quite as easy to have a fresh
grant of this land, if it is necessary, as to pass
this bill-now. Therefore it seems to me there
is no danger whatever on that score. But why
have they not their standing in court—I repeat
the question—to test the rights of these parties?
The Senator says that their allegation is that
the company which now claims the land and
has proceeded first with its road doe3 not exist
at all; that it is a legal nonentity. Cannot any-
body test that ? It is not necessary, to restrain
the Secretary of the Interior, to have a man-
damus or any other thing to act upon that ques-
tion so far as he is concerned. He stands with-
holding the land, it is said. I am going to read
in one moment to show the Senate why he is
withholding it. There it stands in statu quo,
nobody suffering.
What is the next proposition? That they are
to go into court and determine whether those
parties are entitled to that land or not. Can-
not they do that? Cannot they file a bill ? Can-
not they restrain them? Cannot they enjoin
them? Cannot they test their rights?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
Senator point out in what way they can pro-
ceed. When the Secretary of the Interior
refuses to grant the land to either party, and
no rights, therefore, are vested in any party,
how can they proceed to litigate those rights?
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
do not believe that the honorable Senator is
seriously in the dark, as he professes to be, as
to the mode in which that can be done. Let
us leave out for one moment the question
whether these parties whose rights he espouses
here are entitled to this land or not. Take
the other side of the question. Are the other
people entitled to it? Does the Senator doubt
that anybody who has an interest in that ques-
tion can test it in court? Certainly he does
not doubt that, because he admitted it in argu-
ment a few minutes ago.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no doubt that if
either company claims the land against a private
individual the private individual may contest
the right of the company to the land, and I
have no doubt he would ; and if I am not mis-
taken in my construction of the law, the result
would be that the court would decide that
neither party had any right to the land. It is
to obviate any such decision that I desire this
legislation.
_ Mr. CONKLING. The court could not de-
cide that neither party had any right to the
land in the case supposed, because there would
be but one party to the transaction in court,
and that would be the Central Railroad Com-
pany. Any citizen of the State of Oregon who
chooses to do so can contest their right to the
land in court, if iu truth they have not that
right.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator needs to be
reminded that both companies have the same
name precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that; and
I am not familiar enough with the region to
say which is on the west side and which ia on
the east side; and therefore I speak of the
central company, as that is what I see it is
called in the remonstrance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The west side is the
old company.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, the west side is the
old company. Now, here is a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, written on the 20th
of January, 1869. What does he say?
" On the 13th instant
lhat is, on the 13th of January—
"I declined to act upon the maps filed by tho west
side company
The quotation here is an indorsement upon
that paper apparently—•
in the absence of a judicial decision as to the rigfcte
