1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
1628
struck me, when the honorable Senator from
Indiana modified his resolution so as to give
them pay back to the first Monday of Decem-
ber, that it was a fair compromise that we
could all agree upon. This will not add very
largely to the amount. There are twelve Sen-
ators to whom the resolution applies, and they
will get on an average about six months' pay
beyond that allowed by the resolution of the
last session. In the House each member from
these States will get much less, because those
members have already been paid from the time
of their election ; and, as we all know, the elec-
tion of members occurred several months be-
fore the election of Senators. In North Car-
olina the election of the members was on the
2d of April; in South Carolina on the 14th
of April; iu Louisiana on the 18th of April,
from which time the members have drawn
their pay; so that those members, if the House
should adopt the rule now proposed here.,
would get only three or four months' additional
pay, which is not a very great matter when
we consider that they were engaged in the
work of reconstruction preliminary to their
election, as much so, at least, as members
who ran in Kentucky, elected in August, are
entitled to pay back to the 4th of March. It
seems to me we ought to put the Senators and
members on the same footing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How does the Senator
make it out that they only get three months'
more pay ? They are now paid from the 2oth
of June, as I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say the Senators will
get more, but the members of the House will
only get three or four months' more pay under
this resolution, .if it applies to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
other House may do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
matter is not yet finally settled in the House
of Representatives. The question, I am told,
is still depending there. There ought to be a
rule of uniform application to the members
and Senators. They ought to draw their pay
from a given time ; and when the proposition
was modified to make it commence from the
firstMonday of December, 1867, whichremoves
all objection growing out of any possible claim
for additional mileage and pay for nine months
before the session began, it seems to me to be
a reasonable and fair proposition, which we
can properly accept. If the rule be made ap-
plicable to both Houses they will receive full
pay for the session during which they served—
the second session of this Congress. I shall vote
for that, thinking it is a fair and liberal adjust-
ment to those gentlemen, and at the same time
fair to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say one word
in reference to the point which the Senator
from Ohio makes that the ease of Minnesota
is not analogous. He says these were States
and Minnesota was not a State. The question
is here whether persons representing these
States were entitled to compensation. The
State of South Carolina was a State without a
State government, and, of course, if there was
no State government to be represented there
could be no Senators entitled to compensation
any more from South Carolina than from Min-
nesota. But I beg to inform the Senator from
Ohio that Minnesota had formed her State
government. Her case was a stronger one
than this. She had elected her Senators to
this body before the passage of the act here
declaring Minnesota a State in the Union. An
enabling act had been passed for the benefit of
Minnesota and she had formed a State con-
stitution and State government, had elected
her Senators, sent them here, and they were
here in waiting urging the admission of their
State ; and the Senate solemnly, after investi-
gation, came to the conclusion that the Sena-
tors were only entitled to compensation when
there was a government behind them that was
entitled to representation. Thatispreciselysim-
ilar to the ease here. The Senators from these
States arc entitled to compensation when there
was a State government behind them to entitle
them to representation ; and certainly upon no
other principle can they be entitled to it before.
And then, let me ask the Senator from Ohio,
how does he get over the positive provision of
the statute ? These Senators performed iio ser-
vice, for they were not in the Senate until after
the 25th of June, 1868. He proposes to pay
them from the first Monday in December, 1867.
Now, can they make the certificate? He and
I could not receive pay if he and I had been
absent from the first M*nday in December,
1867, to the 25th of June, 1868, unless by rea-
son of sickness. We must upon honor state
the days of our absence and a deduction is
made from our pay. How can these Senators
receive pay when they were not in attendance;
how can they make the certificate?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am fully committed on
this question. When the resolution was passed
in reference to the State of Tennessee I re-
sisted it to the best of my feeble ability. I
knew then, or supposed I knew, that it was
a departure from the precedents and that it
would establish a practice that would lead to
mischievous results. I then spoke once or
twice on the question and exhibited the reasons
for opposing that resolution, and my views
have not been changed upon the subject at all.
It seems to me that after the Senate has once
passed upon the question the motion to renew
this controversy as to the pay of these Senators
ought not to be sanctioned by the Senate; but
as the chairman of the Finance Committee
seems to have abandoned the ground hereto-
fore taken on the subject I do not know that
other members of the Senate ought to struggle
against a claim of this kind. We have been
accustomed to look to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to protect the Treasury
of the Government against claims of this de-
scription, but in this case he seems to take a
different view, and it is very probable that his
opinions on the subject may have sufficient
weight to carry through this resolution ; but
my opinion is unchanged, and I do not see
how with any propriety the claim can be made
that before these States were entitled to any
representation in Congress, when there was no
possibility of their having any Senators here,
we should propose to pay Senators for services
prior to that date. I cannot reconcile it with
any view of the law or any principle or any
reason that ought to influence a question of
this kind.
Mr. STEWART. 1 must call for the regular
order.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senate will
dispose of this matter. What is the regular
order ?
The PRESIDENT^jro tempore. The special
order is the report of the committee of con-
ference on the constitutional amendment.
Mr. MORTON. This resolution has been
up two or three times and has been jammed
off. I think it is due to the Senate that it
should be now settled. I hope, therefore, the
regular order will be passed over informally
for that purpose.
Mr. STEWART. If the discussion is ended
I have no objection; but otherwise I cannot
agree to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot say that the
discussion is ended.
Mr. STEWART. Then I insist on the regu-
lar order.
Mr. MORTON. I move to postpone the
regular order, say for half an hour. I think
this matter will not take half that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the special order bepostponed for half an
hour.
Mr. STEWART. I hope thatwillnotbedone.
Mr. FERRY. Will that displace the regular
order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it is the
understanding that it shall not displace the
regular order the Chair will endeavor to enforce
the understanding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot have any
understanding.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the Chair what is the
effect of the motion under'the rule? Does it
displace the regular order?
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The regu-
lar order is of course displaced when another
matter is taken up by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. Then I hope the .motion to
postpone, Will not prevail.
Mr. MORTON. I will consent to let this
matter ga over until the constitutional amend-
ment is' disposed of with the understanding
tHat it shall then be called up and disposed of.
• Mr. STEWART. Very well.
SUFFRAGE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A special
order is before the Senate, being the report of
the committee of 'conference ori joint resolu-
tion (8. R. No. 8) proposing an: amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
, The report of the committee of conference
was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 8) proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States having met, after full and fr«e
conference have agreed to recommend,-and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their amendments and
agree to the resolution of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
In section one. line two, strike out the words or
hold officeand that the Senate agree to the same.
W. M. STEWART,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
Manage™ on the pari of the Senate.
GEORGE S. BOfJTWBIiL,
JOHN A. BINGHAM.
JOHN A. LOGAN,'
Managers on the part- of the Souse.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the reading of
the joint resolution as it will read if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: •
Resolved bp the Senate and Some of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring.) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures shall be valid as part of
the Constitution, namely:
Article XV.
Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by tha
United States or by any State on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
Sec. 2. The Congress by appropriate legislation
may enforce the provisions of this article.
Mr. POMEROY. I am embarrassed a littlo
in regard to this question by the manner in
which the committee have made the report.
The resolution called joint resolution No. 8
was passed by the Senate by a constitutional
vote of two thirds, restraining the United States
or any State from restricting the right to vote
and hold office on account of race, color, or
previous condition of slavery. That resolution,
as is known to all the Senators, passed and
went to the House. The House amended it by
inserting three words ; they amended it by re-
straining the States from putting any restric-
tions relating to nativity, property, and educa-
tion. It came back then to the Senate, and the
Senate disagreed to the amendment, and asked
for a committee of conference. The conference
was agreed to by the two Houses, and then the
committee of conference took np the question.
The committee of conference then have re-
ported to us that the House recede from their
amendment, and without stopping there they
have ventured to tamper with the text of the
resolution which had been agreed to by the
two Houses. That, I undertake to say, is both
unparliamentary and almost unprecedented.
Wc have had a somewhat rich experience in
this Senate upon the question of the power of
a committee of conference to cliange what had
been agreed to by the two Houses, and it has
never yet passed the Senate when the question
has been made, excepting, as we have it re-
corded in the books, that after that fact was
distinctly stated it passed unanimously and it
was agreed to unanimously on account of its
having been a violation of parliamentary law
and of the powers of a committee of conference.
That has been the result in all the cases 1 have
been able to find.
We had a very lengthy discussion on this
question when a committee of conference sev-
